Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus (Harry Potter)
 Thread startermosefboombox117  Start dateSep 18, 2022  Tagsharry potter harry potter au original character political machinations powerful protag pre-canon pre-halo riddle!fem self-insert
Created
Sep 18, 2022
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
820
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
51
A/N: Hello All, please see the first chapter of Arc III, one that kicks off the final saga in...
Threadmarks Index Extras
Statistics (39 threadmarks, 656k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Arc III - Chapter 1 (66)
Words 19k
Sep 18, 2022
Arc III - Chapter 2 (67)
Words 20k
Sep 29, 2022
New
Arc III - Chapter 34
Words 14k
Dec 11, 2023
New
Arc III - Chapter 35
Words 11k
Dec 25, 2023
New
Arc III - Chapter 36
Words 19k
Jan 1, 2024
 Not open for further replies.
1
2
  Next
Ignore
Watch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 1 (66)
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Sep 18, 2022
Add bookmark
#1
A/N: Hello All, please see the first chapter of Arc III, one that kicks off the final saga in this story.

Links:
Arc 1 - Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP)
Arc 2 - Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)

This Arc will be far less combative and will involve a lot more intrigue than in the previous arcs which will present its own challenges writing wise.

It will also be truer to the world building elements in the literal sense as Illos and the universe at large is slowly revealed to you guys and there will be more science fiction involved in this Arc along with philosophical questions and moral decisions that may or may not be right (or wrong).

Chapter 1:

24th​ of June 1952

Fortie POV

"Oof" he said as tumbled onto the grass, almost falling flat on his face after jumping down higher than he had ever before.

It was a record, he knew for sure!

A scraping noise above drew his attentions and he snapped back to attention, his eyes wide at the loudness of the noise, knowing that his brother was going to wake everyone up!

He quickly got back up to his feet and faced towards the second floor of their home "Gaius, careful! You're going to wake everyone up!" he whispered, hissing the words more than saying them.

His brother seemed to hear him as the scraping noise of the chair disappeared and his brother's head popped out of the window and began to climb out of the window very slowly.

He took the chance to look around whilst his brother took his time. It was a little dark, the huuuge round lights that were as bright as the sun was during the summer time were now very dim, almost so dim that he couldn't see very far ahead of him.

They were always this dim when it was bed time.

He could see in the distance some of the lights were on in the buildings though, probably trying do all kinds of nice things!

He grew impatient, turned around and whispered again "Hurry!" he didn't want to get caught, not like the last time!

"Ok, ok" his friend said grumpily as he turned around, hanging on to the side of the building.

He looked hesitant, fearful, in the dim morning lights and Fortie knew his brother needed some courage "Come on Gaius, it's not that far, it only looks far!"

It didn't seem to convince him and Fortie was fed up, his face scrunching "Fine, I'll go alone!" he said petulantly, a little louder than he really should have but he didn't care and he turned around, stomping away.

He heard a thud and swiveled around and saw his brother groan on the floor. He beamed widely at his brother as he ran to him and picked him up from under the armpits "I knew you could do it" he whispered happily.

"My knees hurt" Gaius complained miserably whilst he hobbled along as distance between themselves and their home grew.

"It'll be fine" he waved the concerns of his brother away as he patted him on the back "Just think what we will be able to tell the others in class tomorrow!" he whispered excitedly, the lights around the home fading away as they continued to walk away from their home onto the very quiet street.

That caused Gaius to smile, he could see faintly "I hope it'll be worth it" his brother muttered a little worried "I don't want mama to be angry at us for nothing" but he waved it away.

"Mama Lysa won't be too angry. She'll only make us do boring chores which are not that bad!" he said easily. It would be worth it too!

"Yeah" his brother agreed "Mama doesn't make us do terrible things when we've been too naughty, not like Ms Kelly."

Fortie nodded furiously as he remembered Appia tell them what Ms Kelly did to Flavius and the others when they broke the rules.

"Our mama is the best" Fortie said resolutely. He felt a little bad that he was out past bedtime but this was a mission! An adventure!

She'd love to hear about it too, he was sure of it!

"Much better than their mama" Gaius agreed eagerly as the fading lights of their home no longer offered any more light than the dim lights that hung in the sky.

"When can we use our lights?" Gaius asked and he glanced at the dark face of his brother and knew he was likely biting his lip in concern. He did that a lot.

"When we're a little down the hill, not that far now" he told his brother, taking his arm and walked a little quicker.

Their home was on a hill overlooking the buildings on the far side with the biggest Mountain in all of Illos behind their home. But the biggest buildings were the best ones to see! They were like four really tall ones with the tallest building much much bigger and it was also where he stayed!

They were all very similar, buildings that had gaps in the middle and were almost like separate building but squashed together. Sometimes, these buildings had like a small light in the middle and they became like candles!

The Teacher showed them a picture of the city once it would be finished – he said that it was only a third complete! – and it looked really nice!

Apparently it would be finished by the time they were eleven or twelve which was a long time from now, almost double the ages they were now!

They were all like little islands with two big rings of water separating them with lots and lots of little water rings and water roads.

He hadn't been there before, until today!

Their home was not far from the first big ring of water, like maybe forty minutes walking or an hour if they were slow like some of the others.

Their home was on a hill with other homes that were also on hills not far from them. The hills were like big bubbles pressed together, all with streets that snaked around that became one big street with lots of green trees and plants of all kinds of colours and even purple flowers that lit up when you touched it! And they went downhill into the street that led to their school and also to the big bridge that connected to the tallest building in all of Illos!

There was no one else on their hill just like with the other homes and they had all kinds of things. They had a football field, hoopball, and many other fun things!

The other homes were the same but their hill was nicer, even mama agree and she does not lie!

Their school was kind of far, it took almost half an hour walking but it was OK! Their classmates had to do it too and they had all kinds of fun especially when they played games on their way to school!

Like catching others in a game of tag and lighting up their purple flowers that they'd pick from the side of the streets!

A lot of their games were really fun.

They just had to make sure they weren't late because no one wanted to get on Teacher's bad side! He remembered the last time they were late and he had vowed never to do it again! He had to stay in for like the entire weekend just to finish his homework!

"OK, we can use the lights now" he whispered to his brother as they walked downhill, far from any houses.

"OK" his brother said quickly and they both raised one of their hands "Light!" they said almost in unison and their hands began to glow though Gaius' was far brighter than his own.

"Gaius!" he hissed out, pulling on his shirt "Remember the breathing trick!" he told his brother as he looked around him, hoping that no one saw the bright light.

His brother eventually got it under control and now both of their lights were only little but enough to make sure they could see where they were going.

"Sorry, I forgot" his brother mumbled.

"It's OK, we only learnt last week anyway" he shrugged. It wasn't very difficult but his brother seemed to have a bit of a problem doing these kinds of things.

He had trouble with levitating before then too. He wasn't the only one, a few of their siblings and classmates had an issue too at first but they did manage to do it after a little while.

Not like him though, he was good at getting things on the first go!

After a long while, they arrived, finally, at the foot of the slope onto the street that would lead to the Bridge, past their school and it would be their biggest challenge yet!

They'd been there before, after school, but they never dared to go on it! It would take an age to pass and if they were caught by one of the Elders, they would be in a world of trouble!

But today they would be able to do it! Mama was away visiting other mamas and they could cross the Bridge without being worried about it taking an age! They could sneak past any Elders, he was sure of it!

They walked past their school quietly and sneakily and they finally got to the Bridge, oohing and aahing as they stared the dark buildings that were all like squished together into one big one. They were so so tall too! Much taller than they looked like from school!

There were a few lights on, even the one that he'd seen a lot of Elders go into!

Julia said that it was there were all Elders went to smooch each other.

He scrunched his nose.

He didn't really know what it meant, only that Julia said that she heard the older girls from the Pandrosion Institute talked about smooching a lot but she never explained what it really meant. Maybe it was like a daring game.

Anyway, they had to be careful and make sure no one saw them!

"Do you really think he'll be there?" his brother whispered as they turned off their lights and walked sneakily through the main street after having crossed the first section of the bridge, trying to hug the buildings as they crossed one side of the street into the darker side.

"Yes" he said to his brother, his eyes brimming with excitement "Fausta said she heard one of the Elders say that he always sat in the park by the main building after flying down from Mount Celestis! Every night! So that means he be there now too!

"I hope so" his brother muttered concerned but he paid it no mind.

He would be there, he knew he would be!

All their lives they heard about him, the man who built all there was to see in Illos, even Mount Celestis itself with only his lady friend!

He was really impressed when heard that he built Mount Celestis! He'd seen the Faceless Ones – Golems – working once on a small building and that took a few days to finish.

If he did the same with Mount Celestis then it must have taken forever!

Mount Celestis was the tallest mountain ever and the top was almost higher than the metal walls! One day he'd fly to the top on a skymobile or maybe even fly without one likehe was said to do all the time!

They finally managed to walk past the buildings, almost having been caught by one of the Elders who had been walking on the other side of the street but they were clever and made sure to stick around by the walls and shadows where they could hide if they needed to!

They were past the second part of the bridge and now the tallest building in all of Illos was in front of them and they marvelled at it.

"Wooow" his brother whispered in awe and he agreed.

Even in the dim lights of the orbs it was amazing to see the waterfalls and the glittering stones that made it look like they were out of gold. It was all so big and pretty.

They stepped onto the railings as they came across a set of stairs and they saw that it led to a park nearby and they excitedly ran down the stairs, their lights now off as the street lights were bright enough.

The streets were very quiet, it had been a long time now since they had seen another Elder. Teacher had explained once that Illos didn't have many people yet but every year more and more were making it their home!

He didn't know a lot of Elders, but he did learn to recognise the ones that seemed really new! They looked funny with strange robes, nothing like the normal clothes that everyone else wore!

A lot of the older students from Pandrosion Institute who came from the Outside stayed in Illos after finishing school. They were apparently from families who he personally invited to their homes, to come and learn and even make Illos their home!

Teacher said sometimes they said no and he couldn't understand why! He'd seen the Holos of the Outside, it was so dirty!

They finally arrived by the gates of the big park and they walked through it, the path led them through dimly lit areas.

"What's that?" his brother said and he turned to him. His brother's eyes were squinted and he looked at where he was looking and saw strange lights that seemed to be dancing.

"It must be him!" Fortie exclaimed excitedly and he ran towards it.

"Fortie, wait!" his brother cried out but it was too late. Fortie didn't really what he'd do when he'd see his hero but that was OK, he'd think of something! He was always good at thinking of something to do!

He was off the path that snaked around the park and into the bushes and trees, weaving his way through them, hopping and jumping over roots and thorny bushes.

The lights grew brighter, the whizzing and twisting lights grew more obvious and his eyes goggled as he came to a dead stop, his mouth open in wonder.

Thousands, maybe even millions of lights danced in a very strange way but it didn't make it any more pretty. They were aglow, their colours a mix of golds and silvers and he couldn't help but stare in wonder.

They seemed to dance around the trees and in them as well, like when he and his siblings danced during Beltane in front of a camp fire.

His brother breathed heavily as he slumped over, holding his knees. "Fire-bees" he said with a slight struggle and Fortie looked at his brother with wide eyes.

"You sure?" he said in wonder before he looked again at the lights.

"Yes, I saw them in a Holo in the school Library" his brother answered, his voice now stabler though it wasn't hard to hear he was also really impressed by what they were seeing.

"Your brother is right" he heard a deep voice and they both jumped.

"Aarrghh" his brother squeaked out, clutching his arm as he did so. Fortie didn't mind, he was also holding onto his brother as they swivelled around like a whip and their eyes nearly popped out of their heads.

"Y-Yy-you're…" his brother stammered which was better than what he could manage right now!

It was him!

He wasn't looking at them but was looking at the fire-bees instead. His arms were behind his back and he looked very relaxed.

He was dressed like the other Elders but slightly darker. His hair was very long, like a girl's but he wouldn't say that to him!

"They're Japanese Fire-bees from the Hokkaido region. An endangered magical species. Well done child for recognising what they were." He turned his head towards them, a kind smile on his face. His brother flushed embarrassed but he knew his brother was very happy to hear it from him!

He felt a little jealous but it didn't occupy his mind too much as he couldn't help but be drawn to his eyes that seemed to be glowing like the fire-bees!

They were very purple and even the small drops of green were very green!

"You're far from your home, children" he said calmly with a raised eyebrow, one that reminded him a lot of mama when she was expecting an answer from them.

"I-I-I…" his brother stammered again and he elbowed his brother slightly and his brother's mouth audibly clamped shut. His brother was really smart, he knew a lot but he was really bad at explaining stuff, especially when they needed to get out of trouble!

He turned around and met his hero's gaze and he slinked into himself, his feet shuffling awkwardly as he grew more and more nervous.

"We wanted to meet you!" he blurted out suddenly, unable to come up with something else to say.

"Really?" he said with his eyebrows raised.

"Yes" he nodded rapidly "We heard that you always came to this park every night and we thought we could meet you!"

"Yes!" his brother piped up, seemingly finding the strength to speak coherently "We heard from Fausta who heard from the Elders that you were always here!"

"And you decided to leave your home, in the middle of the night, cross the Bridge completely, somehow find your way here in this park hours later all because of a rumour that could be wrong?" He said with a raised eyebrow.

"…yes?" his brother said in a small, subdued voice.

"Well it wasn't wrong! You're here!" Fortie said brightly.

The man looked at him for a moment and finally nodded "That is true enough. Doesn't mean it was a good idea." He said with a look that he'd seen mama give sometimes "You could have been hurt or lost."

He shook his head rapidly "We're fine, we know how to be careful!" he denied. "We're really good at finding our way!" it hadn't been all that difficult at all! All the lights in the distance helped them to avoid where not to go!

"It seems so" the man said a little dryly, a small smile on his face before he glanced at them both "Well you have now met me…now what?" he asked curiously.

The brothers glanced at each other, before they looked at the man blankly. Fortie wasn't really sure what to say until his eyes brightened up.

"Can you really fly? Can you teach us how to fly too?" he said quickly, words burst out of his mouth in quick fashion.

He really wanted to fly like him!
The man said nothing for a moment until he thought he'd seen him almost smile "Is that why you came to find me? To learn how to fly?" he asked them.

"Do we need a better reason?" Fortie retorted without thinking, his eyes wide at what he said to his hero.

"Fortie!" his brother said in a furious whisper, his brother's eyes wide in terror at his cheekiness.

Though it seemed like it wasn't something that made the man angry since he began to laugh.

He stopped laughing as he looked at them with a smile on his face "I suppose not. Flying is an understandable reason to break the rules like you have done tonight" the man said to them. "And to answer your questions…" the man said and their eyes boggled when he began to hover slightly, his eyes glowing more brightly as his hair began to sway like it was breezy but it wasn't breezy at all!

"WOW"

"That is so…! Teach us, teach us please!" the brothers spoke over each other as they looked at their hero with uncontained excitement, something that seemed to make the man smile a little wider before he set back onto the ground.

"Yes I can fly" the man said with a humorous voice "But no, I will not teach you how to fly" the man told them with a smile still on his face.

"B-but why?" his brother exclaimed in dismay.

"Beside the fact that you broke a lot of rules to get here?" the man pointedly said to them, quieting them down "For one, it is a difficult thing to learn, one that would many years for you to be able to do"

"We're really good at magic!" Fortie said defensively "Look!" he said as he brought his hands out. "Light!" he said and his hands began to glow before he scrunched his face up a little, and the glow began to become bright until a light began to form in front of his hands, an orb much like the lights that illuminated all of Illos during winter.

"See!" Fortie exclaimed "We were only shown how to make light last week and I did this all by myself" he said proudly.

His brother also showed what he could do, and though he couldn't yet make an orb like he could, his light was also really good!

"See, we are really good at learning magic. We can learn how to fly easily too" Fortie said after he let the light go out, staring challengingly at his hero.

The man only smiled in the wake of his stare and suddenly asked "What are your names?"

"I-I'm Gaius Volusenus of clan Hardy" his brother said nervously "And this is my brother Ju-"

"Fortie" he said sharply, sending a glare at his brother. He didn't want his hero to know his girlie name.

"Fortie?" the man asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Fortie" he said firmly.

"My brother doesn't like his first name, not ever since he was teased about it." His brother said much to his annoyance. "It's because it is very similar t-" he elbowed his brother.

"oof" his brother said pained.

"Don't be so mean to your brother" the man said disapprovingly and he looked down. He didn't mean to be mean to his brother, he was his best friend! It was just he really hated his first name.

Fortie was much better!

"So you chose the name Fortie for yourself?" his hero asked him. He looked up and met his gaze and nodded rapidly

"It's my surname shortened!" he answered brightly. He liked his surname, it was different to everyone else's!

"I won't tell that either" he said slyly. "Not until you teach us how to fly!"

The man looked amused at that and looked at his brother who suspiciously looked down and Fortie smiled widely at his brother for not telling on him!

"I see" he said with a small smile.

"How old are you?" the man asked.

"Seven!" Fortie answered immediately

"Seven, almost eight" his brother said.

"Very young. I'm impressed." he said appraisingly and Fortie felt a deep swell of pride.

"Just as I'm sure you'll be grounded for just as long when I take you back home." The man said and Fortie felt like a pin pricked his balloon from the way his stomach dropped.

"What?!" his brother said in a panic.

The man chuckled as he looked at them with a look that reminded him of when mama looked like she thought they did a stupid thing but he didn't think what they did was stupid at all!

It was brave and clever!

"Did you think you could break so many rules without a punishment to suit it?" the man said.

"But…but..butgrounded?!" his brother stammered before he snapped his head towards Fortie "You said that we would only have to do homework!" he said accusingly, pointing his finger at him.

"Hey, don't blame me!" Fortie said defensively before he looked at his hero, his eyes entreating "You don't have to teach us how to fly, sir" he said nervously "I think that is punishment enough?" he said with a weak smile.
Their hero's lips seemed to twitch before he slightly widened his arms, the palms of his hands facing upward "Come on, let's get you back." He said as they began rise in the air much to their shock.

They were flailing as they lost control over their bodies, the ground looking more and more distance

"Fortie we're flying!" his brother said in fearful but excited shock before he also began to rise and they shot up in the air, and he laughed, brightly! His brother was wailing slightly at the growing distance they were from the ground but to him, it was the greatest thing ever!

They rose and rose and rose until everything was so small except for the tallest building which looked even bigger up on high. His eyes were wide with wonder, the whistling winds didn't bother him.

It was so so amazing, to see everything even if it was still very dark! The lights of the buildings, the lights of the dim orbs that were up so high in the sky, it still allowed him to see a lot!

He outstretched his arms like a bird as they flew past the first ring, then the second ring and then finally began to head towards their home, everything ending so much quicker than he wanted. It took them hours to meet their hero but they were almost home in what felt like only minutes!

They began to go down, the hill their home stood on came into view, the door of the house open, lights all brightly on and his stomach dropped when he realised their mama was standing outside the door.

'Oops' he thought miserably, knowing that they could be grounded for forever.

But…

A smile crept on his face.

He FLEW!

It was worth all the punishment he'd get! He glanced at his brother who looked a little green and laughed. He was sure Gaius would feel the same tomorrow!

Especially when their siblings and the others were told! They'd be so jealous! They met their hero and they went flying with him!

They landed in front of their mother with only a slight stumble but they didn't have any time to relax.

"GAIUS VOLUSENUS HARDY" his mother growled out as she stomped towards them.

He blanched at her tone, knowing that they were in it and he tried to distract her from using his full name but it was to no avail.

"JULIUS FORTENCHO HARDY" she growled out, her eyes showing a fury that made him gulp.

"I don't know what you were thinking" she harshly as she seized both of their shoulders, causing them to yelp at the firm grip. She looked down at him and he blanched under her gaze "I know it was your idea" she said in a furious tone before she rounded up on Gaius "And you! You should know better than to cater to your brother's foolhardiness!" she said angrily and he could see his brother shaking in unshed tears in his eyes.

Now he really felt bad. Gaius didn't like upsetting mother too much, he didn't either but Gaius was too nice like that "It was-"

"Quiet, Julius" his mother said sternly.

"Fortie" he mumbled under his breath but remained quiet when the growl deepened.

She twisted them around

"Thank you, My Lord, for bringing them back home." She said to Lord Sayre gratefully who only inclined his head to her.

She tightened her grip on his shoulder, startling him "And what do you say, boys?" she asked with a tight smile, her eyes still showing anger.

"Thank you Lord Sayre" they mumbled at the same time, their eyes fixed on the ground.

"Your welcome" the man said and Fortie thought he could hear a smile in the man's voice so he looked up and saw him stepping closer to them and bent down to them so they were on eye level with each other.

"Despite the…unwise" Lord Sayre said with an amused smile, something that Fortie couldn't help but sheepishly smile in return to "way we have met, I am pleased to have met such bright children such as yourself though I have to say you should spare your mother from worrying so much" Lord Sayre said with an expectant look.

They looked at their mother and saw that she was still angry but also upset "We're sorry mama. We won't do this again" they promised to their mother and she softened a little bit.

"I'm glad but it doesn't get you out of being grounded for three months" she said sternly.

Three months?! He bit his tongue as the urge to protest was almost too much.

"It may seem harsh" Lord Sayre spoke up again, drawing their attentions "But it is a fair one. You could have gotten hurt and then imagine how bad your mother would have felt"

Fortie looked down.

"Go inside boys, I will need to speak with Lord Sayre for a moment" she said, pushing them towards the open door "If you do anything other than head straight to bed…" she said warningly and they nodded rapidly before they turned towards the door.

Fortie stopped even as Gaius ran towards the door and he turned, his gaze on Lord Sayre "Thank you for showing me what it's like to fly!" he said with a bright smile before a determination set in him.

"I will also learn how to do it, no matter how long it takes!" he vowed as much as he could. It was amazing, to fly like a bird.

No matter how long it took, even if it took forever, he would fly just like Lord Sayre!

"Julius!" His mother said sternly, her expression thunderous. He gulped and all confidence fled him.

'Time to go' he thought to himself as he turned but before he could ran out of hearing range, he heard Lord Sayre speak, words that he would carry for the rest of his life and live by.

"I expected as much, Mr Fortencho. I expect many great things from you."

It was a start of a journey that other children, many centuries in the future, would aspire to replicate or surpass.


-----------------Break-----------------​


25th​ of June 1952 - Illos

Lyra SilamontainePOV

She hummed along to the song, her dancing feet swaying her as she waved her wand in fluid wide motions. The sizzling pans rose in the air before she flicked her wand and the three different types of pancakes were launched in the air before they landed on the opposite side into the buttered pans.

A satisfied smile grew on her face before she began to sing along to the music as she danced in the towel she wore.

A few minutes after she heard the deliberate footsteps and her eyes sparkled with delight as she turned around with a wide grin on her face as plates topped with different flavoured pancakes circled around her.

"HomeStead, play Snare the Thistles" she said quickly as she got into a dancing stance as the song she chose began to play which was a more…appropriate song for what she wanted to do.

Lyra began to sway, to dance, slowly, as the music began to build. Her arms travelled up and her arms moved just as her body did.

She arrived by the kitchen hall dressed in a nightgown her light olive skin shone radiantly as the morning rays hit her skin just the right way. Her eyes wide as she took turns at staring at a dancing Lyra and the floating food.

Lyra began to dance a little more…risqué with plates of pancakes floating around her like she was the centre of their universe, her eyes sparkling in amused delight at the sight of her love looking slightly befuddled and confused.

"What are you doing?" Amelie said with a laughing gawp of an expression, her sharp incisors bared in a stupefied smile as the music began turn a lot more…spicy.

"Dancing" Lyra said with a widening grin as she shrugged, ever edging closer to Amelie with a hop in her step and her hips moving in what she thought was very sexy.

"I'm not sure you are" Amelie said a laugh in her voice as she walked down the little steps that connected the kitchen to the rest of the ground floor of their home.

Lyra flicked her wand and the plates flew towards the table before she twirled her wand above her head and her towel turned into a silken dress that had a long tail which began to circle around Lyra and Amelie, bringing them ever closer, her hips moving ever more seductively as she sought to ensnare Amelie.

Amelie's eyes began to shine with more than a little interest as the dress that hugged Lyra's body clung onto her like a gift wrapped present and Amelie's eyes seemed to shine more and more as time passed, as if she wanted to strip her bare from the way her eyes grew more intense.

"Are you saying that my sexy, sexy moves aren't working?" Lyra said with a beguiling smile as her eyebrows wiggled at Amelie. They finally were close enough to touch and she shivered as the cold touch of Amelie's hands which began to roam over her body.

"I didn't say that…" Amelie said seductively as twirled Lyra around with inhuman speed, causing her to gasp as she was turned around with Amelie behind her and her lips on her neck, slow tending kisses trailing across her neck as she gyrated against Amelie.

"My, my…" Lyra whispered with a moan, her eyes closed "I didn't realise you were interested in another kind of meal…" she said as she snaked her head around and was greeted with Amelie's face, her red brown eyes were as bright as a hallowed sunset.

Her lips twisted in a sharp smile, one that failed to hide her sharp incisors, the gleam in her eyes seeming far more predatory than lustful "How could I resist…" she said with a whisper as she brought her lips closer "When you danced so so sexily…" she said with a teasing lilt in her voice as their lips were almost touching.

Lyra's smile widened into a grin as she stuck out her tongue, licking Amelie's lips not unlike a smothering wet tongue of a canine. Amelie leaned back in surprise before she narrowed her eyes into slits "Naughty…" she said in a low growl, one that sent shivers down Lyra's spine as her eyes danced with delight.

She backed away, slowly, as Amelie stared her down with hunger in her eyes. She didn't get far as Amelie inhumanely got right in front of her, her hands roaming all around her as she plastered kiss after kiss on her bare skin as her silk dress fell off her body.

It was at that moment, the most inconsiderate moment that a snitch like device beeped and Amelie stilled, her lips still planted on Lyra's body though unmoving until she snatched the snitch with a blur of movement out of the air.

Lyra shook her head clear of the daze and saw Amelie wear a serious expression as she opened up her palm, the snitch sitting in the centre of her hand until it began to emit a holograph message with a raven forming…a raven that seemed to fly around in a pattern… that almost looked like the infinity symbol.

"Black Bird Blowback" the raven crowed, once, then once more before it seemed to explode and the snitch fizzled out in Amelie's hand.

Amelie looked up and Lyra recognised that look, much to her displeasure.

Lyra's face set in a grim expression. "You only just got back" she said with displeasure as she flicked her wand, her silken dress wrapping around her.

"I know…" Amelie said apologetically. "But it's…"

"Yes…I know…" Lyra cut her off tiresomely as she walked around Amelie and sat at the dining table and grabbed a plate of pancakes and dug in.

Duty called and Amelie would always do her duty.

Amelie sat across her and Lyra pointedly didn't look at her. "They could have waited until after we got lucky" Lyra groused as she stabbed at her pancake.

Amelie laughed at that and said "Who says that we still can't do that?" she posed to Lyra who glanced up at her. Amelie raised her brow questioningly.

Lyra pursed her lips and after a moment nodded "Fine but first I will finish this banana cheesecake flavoured pancakes" she said in an imperious tone.

"As my queen commands…" Amelie said in a soft animalistic growl which only sparked up that arousal within her.

She ate her pancakes very quickly at that point.

Hours later…

They walked out of their home, onto the smooth pavement stone with arms locked. Their home was on the 'beach front' of the first ring of water facing Mount Celestis. It was a grand vision to see on a morning, stepping down the steps of their home only to be greeted by an imperious, snow topped mountain.

A blurring motion she noticed in the corner of her eyes drew her attentions and looked up into that direction. A few skymobiles were going fast…faster than she thought was allowed and she'd been proven right as one of the Pursuer Drones chased after the skymobiles.

She shook her head exasperated. 'Idiots' she thought to herself. She knew it was likely a few too excited idiots taking the skymobiles on a 'joy ride' all because it was different and new.

"Remember to vote in the first ever elections!" she heard someone holler and she glanced towards the man who stood on the podium with his wand on his throat.

"History will be made come November with the first Representatives of Illoschosen by its citizens so don't forget to come to the Assembly hall and cast your vote!" she heard him holler in the distance and saw that he was attracting quite a crowd.

"I doubt anyone has forgotten, not when he's reminding people despite it being almost half a year away" Amelie said dryly and Lyra smiled as she looked at her.

"True but you can forgive his excitement" she said easily. "I admit I'm quite excited myself to vote."

After all, it would be the first time the citizens of Illos would get to cast their vote picking their Representative.

Amelie looked at her curiously before she nodded with a huff "Same…I just hope that Smith-Rowe isn't our borough's Representative" she muttered to himself.

Lyra laughed "You just dislike because he ruined your flower pots with his experiment"

Amelie looked at her with displeasure shining through her face "There was no reason for him to try that experiment away from the Labs! There is a reason why we have Labs in the first place!"

Lyra shook her head with mirth painted across her face. "You can't be petty Amelie, you know that he's the kind of character that listens to the people he'd represent." She tapped Amelie's arm "You know he'd do a great job…better than that sleaze ball Rowan" Lyra said with a scowl.

Amelie sighed "I know…It was just my most successful nurturing yet and I haven't been able to get nearly as good crop of flowers like last time" she groused.

Amelie continued to complain though she tuned it out a little as she thought on the coming elections.

It had been something that many people had wanted, ever since Lord Sayre had ironically sold them on the idea of a Representative Council and finally, after almost two years, the first Council would be voted into office.

The people of Illos were still very few, only roughly nine thousand people but almost everyone wanted it to be established, if only to help Lord Sayre with the functions of running their home.

He would still be largely in charge but the minutiae of Illos would be dealt by the Representative Council leaving Lord Sayre to deal with the pressing issues…namely the ever reaching search conducted by the ICW which tasked itself to find them.

Most people were very concerned with how the Magical World would react once they knew of Illos, especially after the way they had attacked Lord Sayre and his family before they left Magical Britain.

Yes, she agreed, it was better for Lord Sayre to focus on that issue and leave the running of Illos to the Representatives.

A little while later, they came across some of their neighbours who greeted them, most of them recent graduates of the Seshet Institute of Science and Magic or graduates of the Pandrosion Institute, people who were still awed by the marvel that was Illos.

Lyra smiled humorously "Merlin, some of them still have that dazed look despite being here for months" she exclaimed "We were never this bad!" she said to Amelie who began to giggle slightly.

"Really…" Amelie said sceptically, her brow raised questioningly "I remember things quite differently…to the point that I'm quite sure you were much worse than these young ones were" she glanced at Lyra slyly "You were not unlike a child in Parisian Chocatia, hopped up on the special chocolate frogs"

Lyra drew back from Amelie, offense written on her face "That is not true!" she exclaimed, causing Amelie to giggle even louder.

"Oh, it is so true!" Amelie said with a haltering breath as she smiled at Lyra "c'étaitsiGlorieux" she said with ridiculous gestures "You couldn't stop asking questions with crazy eyes!" she made a mimicking gesture as she flailed her head around from side to side "Where does this go, how was this made, how deep does this go" Amelie rattled off in what she assumed was an attempt to mock her Kentish accent "I can even remember that rather curious incident in the Lonis Forests…"

Lyra's hands clasped onto Amelie's mouth with panicked eyes when a couple of people were within hearing distance. "Alright, Alright, you win, I was as excited as these kids are" she groused.

Amelie peeled Lyra's hands off of her mouth, showing off a sharp grin before she hooked her arm around Lyra's arm and they continued to walk "It was kind of adorable, I have to admit" Amelie said a little softer, her eyes glancing at Lyra with love her eyes.

Lyra couldn't help but smiled as she brought Amelie's hand to her lips and kissed it gently before they continued their walk along the waters.

She smiled contently as they walked in silence, in each other's company until her mind inevitably went back to the message Amelie had received.

"When do you leave?" she asked with a glance at Amelie as they walked along the pathway that overlooked the clear blue waters.

Amelie raised her arm, the silver armband came to life with lights. She seemed to tapped on it and frowned slightly before she looked up and glanced at Lyra for a brief moment before she looked away.

"In nine hours." She said to Lyra though she kept her eyes firmly at the front.

"So soon…" Lyra murmured with a sigh. She knew better than to ask for how long.

'As long as it takes…' she would say…what she would always say.

She hated it when she left each time, even after all of these years.

She knew it was ridiculous, knowing that Amelie likely was one of the strongest beings around but she couldn't help feel so…protective over her…especially after what it took to return her mind to a semblance of what it was before she was…changed.

Rebuilding Amelie's psyche had taken more than eight months with another eleven needed for her to acclimate herself to her new…vampiric hybrid nature whilst all the same dealing with the traumatic experiences she'd suffered at the hands of Grindelwald and those who had experimented on her.

Amelie had grown stronger all for it and it was a miracle, really, that she was as well adjusted as she was, despite the horrors she's experienced.

But…she knew Amelie was still damaged in many ways, in ways that she did not think she'd ever truly heal completely from.

One of the things that had always attracted her to Amelie had been her strong sense of justice even if it had infuriated her when she had always argued for humanely bringing back monsters to be judged for their crimes rather than killing them in battle and without mercy.

Something that had been warped in the aftermath of her ordeal. She still believed in justice…in never becoming the very monsters that had nearly destroyed her but…

She no longer held an ounce of mercy for enemies.

Enemies of Lyra, enemies of Amelie and…enemies of Lord Sayre and that of Illos.

Lord Sayre had been the person who had personally rebuilt her psyche, and he knew intimately the trauma she'd experienced having experienced it just as Amelie experienced it all over again as they rebuilt her mind.

He knew her better than Lyra did…he likely even knew Amelie better than she herself did. He stopped her from going on a murderous rampage when she had fallen into one of her conditioned states, states that had to be carved out of her mind, states that were programmed instructions that been seared into her mind by Grindelwald and De Galle.

She shivered at the thought of the violation Amelie had suffered and she knew Amelie was stronger than she would have ever been.

As a consequence of his actions, it created a bond between Amelie and Lord Sayre, one that forever gave Lord Sayre her unconditional loyalty.

A loyalty that went far far deeper than the one that Lyra held for Lord Sayre.

It was that loyalty after she'd recovered, that inspired her to decide she to enlist in the Illosian Guards though her unique attributes, her inhuman speeds, her abilities to almost go completely unnoticed at night and her reflexes that even exceeded Lord Sayre's reflexes, marked her as a perfect candidate for a special branch within the O.I., the Office of Intelligence, the department that Parelius Parkinson headed and the same office she was part of herself.

A special branch she knew little off despite her seniority within the O.I. and one that Amelie never told her about.

She had an idea of what it was though…of what it entailed and it left her afraid for Amelie.

It seemed like she noticed her heightened emotions, her acute senses, her nose was able to sense the slight changes in pheromones whilst her ears likely heard the slight change in heartbeats.

She met Lyra's gaze as she pulled her in a little closer "I'll be fine" Amelie soothed, her blood red eyes that were tinged with browns bore down at her.

Lyra smiled "I know" she said as she stroked the cheek of her lover. "Just…" she sighed breathlessly "Don't lose yourself, alright?" she said with a fixed smile, her memories of a tense Amelie had sprung in her mind.

She'd been high wrung, almost feral in some ways when she'd returned. It had taken a few days for her to relax back to normal. It didn't help that Amelie wasn't allowed to speak of it.

"I won't" she promised as she leaned forward and kissed her on the lips.

"Good" she said with a sigh before she glanced away from Amelie.

Though they worked in the same Office, she knew they both did very different things.

Her own work in the O.I. was focused on surveillance on those who already were brought into the secret of Illos and to ensure the recruited individuals from SIMS or other places continued to have a presence of some kind in the magical world.

The ICW and the Ministries would notice the disappearance of highly capable wizards and witches and the last thing they needed was the ICW to keep an even closer eye on SIMS.

For the moment most graduates of SIMS had to alternate working in Ireland or in MACUSA in order to keep up appearances.

It was a tiresome job, arranging it all and it was becoming ever clearer that the secret would not hold for more than a few years from now.

The network of people who knew…the near obsession the ICW had with finding Lord Sayre and their people…

She only hoped that by that time they were ready.

Amelie likely worked on that…to ensure that they were as protected as possible until the time of Reveal had arrived.

She knew that it likely involved clandestine actions…likely murder but she also knew that Amelie would not kill innocents.

Though…

She thought as she glanced around, her eyes falling on the three Solar Orbs that hung in the sky before she looked into the horizon…

What she also knew was that Amelie would do anything to protect what she held dear and there were exactly three things she cared about.

That single mindedness was dangerous and, unfortunately, it was something that Amelie did not understand, not truly. Her nature allowed her to feel emotions since she'd retained her soul but…

She was still a predator at her core, one that could only truly care for a few things, things and people she considered hers.

And, a creeping thought in her mind voiced out, perhaps that was why she was the best for dealing with enemies that sought to harm Illos in one way or another.


-----------------Break-----------------​


26th​ of June 1952 - Illos

Jennifer Pierce POV

She leaned against the pillar, her eyes focused on Lord Sayre who entertained a large group of four year olds with Mount Celestis in the background. The mountain laid north and north east of the city with much of the lands between the mountain and the city reserved for primary educational institutions and residential homes away from the city proper.

She wasn't here often, this side of the city, as it was the residential zone mostly occupied by families and vassal houses sworn to Lord Sayre himself.

It was almost a town onto itself now with the bulk of the population living here though she expected that to change in the next decade or so as the younger generation grew up and accepted one of the many positions available in Illos, opting to reside in the city proper.

She watched with a slight smile as the children of such different backgrounds play and laugh together unknowing of the kind of prejudice that plagued outside of the high walls of Illos.

Many of these children were orphans from the third world, some even from the communist countries, that were saved from a very young age with some having been less than a year old.

These children had been adopted by childless mothers who loved them as their own and grew to large families, sometimes even a dozen children were adopted by a single mother, with children who could hail ethnically from Papa New Guinea to Uruguay to Vietnam to Eritrea to even from Serbia.

She watched the intermingled children with a curious gaze.

It was a strange thing to see, orphaned children descended likely from squibs mingling with children of pureblood or half-blood origin without any issue, a possibility that seemed to be unlikely if this had been anywhere in Europe.

The likelihood of lifelong friendship despite all of their different backgrounds seemed high by the time they'd all graduate from the Pandrosion Institute.

It gave her hope that perhaps the Magical World was not fated to cling onto self-destructive notions, that change was possible and that it just needed the right people.

Her eyes darkened, her lips tightened as her mind returned to a time of lost opportunities, a time of betrayal, one which aggrieved her – and many others – on his behalf.

This…This could have been Britain but instead they rejected his ideas, his compassion and his words as they clung ever tighter on notions of the past, on power and obsession of purity rather than a golden age for all of magicalkind regardless of where you came from.

But…

Not everyone rejected him, not everyone forgot who he was and what he'd done for them and when Lord left Magical Britain, infamously, he was not alone.

Thousands of magicals and their families also left with him after he'd declared he'd find a place where 'greed would not triumph over prosperity for all'.

Hedge witches and wizards, common purebloods and half-bloods, even some Noble families all across Britain and Ireland left their home of centuries and came to Illos with everything they had, all because they had seen the effort he'd put in to make their lives better.

Tax reductions of farm homesteads of hedge witches and wizards which often stymied them heavily, social programs that alleviated the financial strains poor pureblood families had been under, funded out of Lord own pockets…

People noticed his efforts, his attempts and for the first time they'd seen someone care for them and that goodwill was what caused many of them to keep faith in Lord Sayre and join him in exile.

The magical raised were not the only ones that decided to join him either as many muggleborns and squibs who worked for Lord Sayre decided to join him.

It had been a shock to the Ministry that so many people could choose to leave their home nations but it shouldn't have been.

They had forgotten the kind of man Lord Sayre could be, the kind of man that could draw people from all walks of life to him through his authoritative presence, his entreating words…though…perhaps it was wrong to say they had forgotten and righter to say they chose to ignore it because of their spiteful and fearful arrogance

He reminded them of exactly how much people had faith in him as over four thousand people left the isles to destinations unknown to the Magical World even to this day.

She watched he sat perched on a small rock, surrounded by children whilst he weaved a wondrous tale, one spun with animate creations, animate gestures and an animate performance, Chinese Serpent Dragons swam around the giggling children, joyous and captivated by the magic and by the story itself.

Jennifer couldn't help but smile at the sight, the way the children responded to him and how he in turn responded to them.

They knew nothing of who he was, the things he was capable of…unaware of the simple fact that he and his wife built the very earth they walked on with nothing but magic.

And he seemed to relish in that obscurity, teaching them as he played with them, spinning a wild tale as he made dragons dance around the children.

It reminded her of when he'd taught her at Hogwarts, when he made magic seem so much fun with little effort.

He'd make a wonderful father she mused to herself.

"Wonderful isn't it?" she heard someone say next to her. She turned to the voice and saw it was the children's teacher, Ms Florence.

She looked like she was in her mid-thirtieswith light brown hair and light blue eyes yet she likely was in her late forties perhaps early fifties from the way her eyes seemed to shine with patience that only came with age and experience.

Ms Florence smiled at her kindly before she looked back at the children "Though I'd say it's more of a wonder they've behaved for so long." She said in a smile in her voice.

"I suppose that's his draw" Jennifer said with a fond smile before she also looked at the children. Even children seemed to be captivated by him.

"Yes, Lord Sayre does have that quality about him. So does Lady Slytherin-Sayre" Ms Florence commented idly, her subtle eyes glancing at her.

Jennifer remained quiet to that, preferring to watch Lord Sayre continue his tale, a tale he narrated and enthused in Latin whilst he entertained them with the conjurations.

"Are they already proficient in Latin?" she asked the older woman.

"They are well within the expected bands of proficiency for their age group" Ms Florence confirmed "Most of the children also speak it as their first language so they tend to be a little better at it"

"The Clan Families?" she guessed and Ms Florence nodded.

The Clan Families were what most migrants to Illos had taken to call the orphans that were raised by single mothers. The children would take the names of their mother as their clan name to honour them.

"Yes, the Clan Families though from what I have been able to tell from the other parents, the languages spoken at home at the more…traditional families…tends to now be a mixture of English and Latin"

"It's a little the same back in the City" she admitted. It was something she was beginning to notice…a lot more Latin creeped in – more than the Latin that was already in the English Language that is – in daily conversations and she knew it would only increase.

Lord Sayre wanted Latin to become everyone's first language mostly because of how their modern spells were cast in bastard Latin.

To speak the language in which they cast their magic in theory would allow them better connection to magic itself, a notion that several research findings supported.

And she was seeing perhaps some of that truth play out right before her.

She watched as children began to deliberately change the colours of the dragons, making it into a game where battles were fought on who could change what the longest. Some precocious children were able to change the colour of conjured dragons with a variety of colours and shapes.

She marvelled at their abilities at wandless magic at this tender age. She remembered all too well when they'd spent over a week trying to learn how to perform that feat in their first year with a wand.

She glanced at the older woman "Does it ever surprise you?" she asked of the teacher. "That these children are able to do what many others would find near impossible for adults?"

The woman shifted slightly, her head tilted slightly towards Jennifer though she kept a careful watch over the excited children.

"Not as much as it should have" Ms Florence admitted "Though what really surprises me is how effortless it seems" she said with a soft laugh "At least to them and the other children raised in Illos" She said with a hum.

"Really?" Jennifer asked curiously. "It's not just this class?" There were six different primary schools, capped at 20 children per class group with two or three class groups in each age group.

They attended primary from the age of four to ten and from what she saw, there were at least plans to expand the class groups per school and to increase the number of schools in the next six to ten years as the population of Illos grew.

The older woman glanced at Jennifer and nodded "Really, it's almost completely across the board, at least those that have magic." The older woman said musingly "I never expected the simplicity of what the children were being taught about magic could cause near universal success in nearly all of the children despite it being clear some are more talented than others."

Jennifer looked on thoughtfully on that. The Seshet Institute of Magic made many strides towards understanding magic and she'd gone to several seminars on the nature of Magic when Lord Sayre or Perenelle Flamel or other guest speakers would speak of their understandings of magic.

Much of it hinted towards wandless magic being the final destination for all of magicalkind, Lord Sayre's famous feats of wandless magic was seen as proof of it.

She peered at the children.

Perhaps that era was nearer by than any of them thought.

"Though I'm not overly surprised that it's working as well as it is" Jennifer glanced at the older woman and saw she held a small smile, that almost seemed proud. "Lord Sayre always did have a keen understanding of magic, even as a small child no older than the ones he is entertaining now."

Jennifer's eyebrows rose. "You knew him as a child?" she asked in surprise.

The older woman laughed gently as she spied at Jennifer "I knew him since he was born. I was the Governess of the Sayre household after all." She told Jennifer before she looked back at the children.

She hadn't expected that at all.

"What was he like?" she asked, intense curiosity burning within her.

The older woman thought it over, seeming to mull over on how to explain.

She seemed to settle on something "Precocious." She said finally "It was apparent even then that he'd do something great though I never expected" she glanced upwards, her eyes staring towards the Mountain top "this." She finished.

She doubted many would have expected anything like this let alone think it was even possible. She'd seen the outside surface of Illos, hanging over a swathe of land and water, silver grey metal seemingly stretching endlessly into the distance.

Magic truly was infinitely capable of anything.

Speaking of magic…

"What about the children that don't have…" Jennifer trailed off for a moment "magic? How are they in class?" she knew that magic wasn't the only thing that was taught at all levels of education within Illos but she wondered how things were.

There weren't many squib children but there were still a few.

"The Dormants?" Ms Florence kindly said before she let a light frown cross her face as she seemed to ponder the question "Things are certainly better than they could be" she said finally after a moment of pause. "It's not easy on them to be…different to others but there are efforts made to ensure that they feel included. Just because they cannot do active magic does not mean they aren't magical."

"The children are taught very early that everyone in Illos is Illosian, that everyone belongs here including the Dormant Magicals. The fact that Illosian law makes it very clear the consequences of mistreating children has made families from the British Isles and elsewhere careful in ensuring they do not ostracise their children." Ms Florence paused for a moment.

"Habits ingrained from an early age are difficult to overcome but it is slowly changing, especially given that many Dormants are exceeding in branches like Runes and Arithmancy. Plus, it does help that families now understand that the chances of having magical grandchildren is exceedingly high since blood doesn't change." she finished.

Jennifer nodded.

The research that had been posted in that infamous book had specified it as much. That squibs…Dormants, had nearly just as much magic in their blood as magicals.

Some of the research that was being conducted on Illos was geared towards curing the defective 'genetic strands' that disabled magic from manifesting outward.

It was perhaps twenty minutes later that Lord Sayre was finished, much to the dismay of the children yet they seemed happy enough when one of them extracted a promise from him to visit them again.

He walked up to her and his expression shifted into one of command "Shall we?" he said gesturing towards the door and she nodded. "I take it they've arrived?" he asked her.

"Yes sir, they have. They'll be waiting on us at the High Assembly Chamber soon." She told him and he only hummed in response, seemingly deep in thought as they walked out.

It was not surprising to see him thinking deeply on it, on the coming talks. It was an important day for Illos, one that would begin its connection with the rest of the Magical World.

What did surprise her was why he took continued to take the time to visit schools every now and then, even now when he had an important meeting to prepare for.

He hadn't spent much time at all preparing for this meeting as far as she knew and it was something that had concerned her.

It must have been apparent on her face as he spoke up "You're concerned" he simply stated, the smooth surface of his face unwrinkled and set in a way that almost seemed to appear as if he were judging her.

It startled her but she quickly regained composure as they walked through the halls of the primary school and her lips came undone "I am. I just thought…this visit could have been done after rather than now" She said, her words carrying obvious questions.

"You think that I should have prepared more?" he asked with a knowing tone.

She almost withdrew into herself, knowing the faux pas she committed. Who was she to judge him! She chastised herself.

"I could have prepared like you think I should have" he said finally and before she could fumble words out of her big mouth he continued

"It is an important day for our people after all, one that would prepare us back into the wider world with allies at our backs" he said in a musing tone as he placed his arms behind his back.

"Perhaps I should have spent hours, days, weeks secluded and working away at the proposals that would bind them to our home" he said in a musing tone as he looked at her, his striking eyes seemed to bore through her for a brief moment.

"But…" he said his voice slightly trailing off as his eyes drifted away from her face as they continued to walk towards the exit of the school.

"In this instance, I'm quite certain such preparation was and is not needed" He said in a patient tone, one that was without reproach as he glanced at her, sharpened lips stretched as he stared at her with a soul stripping gaze, one that she could help but meet despite the intensity of his gaze.

"Trade or deals are not what will seal this alliance, not at this moment. No…It is reaching an understanding that will permit or destroy whatever future theirs and our people will have together. Trade and so on comes after but first…first what is needed is to understand if the potential of commonality exists between our peoples." He paused for a moment before he continued "This meeting is to find that out, I suspect, for them as well as for us." He said before a silence seemed to stretch as he looked away from her.

She sucked in a silent breath as she thought on it. "A fact finding mission?"

He hummed in agreement "Something like that" he said though there was much more left unspoken, she knew but she didn't pry this time not when her mind was preoccupied with a curious thought.

She wondered if coming to this school meant more to him....as if it was a reminder of what Illos represented. Perhaps it was that kind of commonality he was seeking to establish with the delegates…

Equals amongst many…

Soon enough, they were out of the school, one that had plenty of Grecian influence, open to the environment, lots of ornate pillars with roofs that were angled just the right way that allowed for much of the light from the Sun Orbs to pass through the building.

They walked down the stairs as they exited the main doors to the school and Lord Sayre spoke up "You brought the Mercury." he said with a curious lilt to his voice.

She faltered in her step a little as she looked to him "I did. I thought you might want to take a scenic route rather than a portkey especially since we have a little time to spare as Parkinson is taking them on a small tour." She said a little nervously as he gazed at her "But I have one on me if-" he raised his hand.

"The Mercury is fine" he said with a slight smile before he looked away from her towards the Skymobile "Once a while I do quite enjoy riding one, especially as Celestis City grows" he said with approval in his voice, one that she couldn't help but smile in response to.

The city was beautiful to behold, especially from above.

There were only a few ways to travel quickly in Illos proper – Skymobiles, Restricted Portkeys that only the Office of Transportation could create and through the Gate Network that was still in its infancy. Apparition was impossible under the complex interwoven wards of Illos which only had very few ports that allowed such travel.

There were plans to allow apparition to work in the wilder regions of Illos but that was a few years down the line. Floo Travel was banned for the foreseeable future, likely until the research project paid any dividends.

They treaded down from the final step and towards the Skymobile.

The white silver Skymobile was sleek with curves that grew from the flatter front of the vehicle. It was graceful, the way the curves grew in a formless, lineless way, like it was grown from a single seed. The windows were nearly made out of a single transparent plane of flexible glass that wrapped itself around the midsection of the Skymobile, alchemically made glass that did not shatter or break.

There were no wheels, not like any muggle car and instead had long oval shaped forms almost slot shaped, one on either side, that stretched nearly the length of the Skymobile. It was mostly for aesthetic needs as much of the magical enchantments that made it possible was inscribed within the craft itself.

From what she knew, it was very likely that was how it was manufactured.

She flicked out her wand and the tip lit up a dim glow before the doors facing them opened up.

They got in the back of the Skymobile, the spatially expanded back carriage was big enough to fit twelve individuals when it looked like it could carry no more than four and she pressed the tip of her wand on the slot by her side of the carriage.

The Skymobile began to ascend and flew at a steady pace towards their destination, the mental directions she'd given through her magic was all it needed.

It was kind of like how low level intelligence was enchanted in objects like the Sorting Hat of Hogwarts.

They banked slightly as the Skymobile shifted towards the heart of the city, towards the main tower. She stared out of the window, gazing down on Celestis City.

Even now, even as incomplete as it stood, it was a jewel unlike anything she'd seen before. Silver white stoned buildings untarnished, unblemished, rose amongst a ringed sea of clear blue waters that held an unnatural purity. Golden statues of winged magical creatures topped the domed buildings and pillars that dotted the skyline of the city as dozens of waterfalls fell silently all around the central part of the city.

It was a shame that there were not enough people to populate the city though that would come, with time.

There were only nine thousand or so citizens of Illos with half of the population younger than eighteen. Most of those thousands resided in the residential zone just outside the city whilst most of the younger adults without families resided in the First South Western Arc Sector in apartments and homes that were by the Main Tower which was for the most part complete.

More and more were coming, some of them graduates from the Seshet Institute of Magic and Science, though the requisites were stringent and firm just as the requirements of citizenry was.

Oaths were required, special oaths that bound family lines to the ideals that were fostered in Illos and they had to turn away many people including a number of families when they'd refused after obtaining oaths of silences.

There would be no exception. She believed in the dream that Illos represented and the oaths made sure that they were kept to it.

It helped that most of the newcomers were children found in the muggle world, more than a half each year being orphans under the age of five with most tending to be under the age of two, who could be taught the ways of Illos without the ingrained stigma of either the muggle or magical world that would have to be whittled away.

It had been a shock for her to learn a few years ago that even children that young could have accidental magic and that Lord Sayre could find incidents of accidental magic anywherein the muggle world.

She hadn't been sure what to think of that, only that it unsettled her knowing that Illos could find any magical that resided in unwarded homes.

She learnt soon enough though that it was for the best.

She'd learnt over the years about the unmonitored regions where effectively there was little done to monitor the integrity of the Statute of Secrecy and where many children fell to the cracks.

She'd been told by some of the Illosian Guards that some of the older children they'd gone to see if they were safe had been nearly been killed because of their magic.

And sometimes…sometimes they were too late.

It was not always like that. There were endeavours and opportunities for accepting parents of magical children to move into the West and the majority took them yet it wasn't a huge majority.

Many of Lord Sayre's muggle companies were huge successes, his shipping, manufacturing and technology companies based in the US, Canada and Australia were amongst the leaders of their industries in their respective countries.

After the parents and children signed tight magically bound Non-Disclosure Agreements, once they were informed and accepting of magic, they were granted an opportunity to move to their favoured destination with their children offered a multitude of educational opportunities with the Pandrosion Institute as an option.

Once the parents had been told of what the Pandrosion Institute and the opportunity it presented after visiting Illos, something that truly sold them on the wonder of magic, most of their children enrolled there once they were ten years of age.

She couldn't blame them, not after having seen the school. Hogwarts would always have a majesty to it, an old presence that was humbling, but the Pandrosion Institute?

It was a marvel of a school.

Unfortunately, there were some parents that refused the opportunities provided and worse, refused the opportunity it represented for their children because of religion and/or cultural stigma.

At this stage, things would become difficult.

Untrained magical children were a danger to all yet they could not be forced to learn it. Many of these children opted to follow their parents' wishes and would subsequently be obliviated along with their parents before their magic was bound and left in peace.

It was a difficult thing to do, to deny a child their rightful inheritance that they truly did not understand rejecting at such a tender age but it was their and their parents' choice.

Some had to be rescued from their parents, children who bore the hallmarks of abuse and later confirmed after investigation. These children flourished in a caring environment after exiting a toxic one and were often those who become truly immersed in the Illosian society that was beginning to form.

A few of these children had to be carefully handled, needing to see mind healers on a weekly basis to ensure they were not a danger to themselves and to others but eventually they also adapted to their new homes.

They passed the second ring of water and the Main Tower was growing ever larger in view and they began descending towards the landing pad by the main entrance though not before passing by what she thought was likely the most beautiful building in all of Illos, one that enticed many parents to send their children there.

She must have smiled unconsciously as Lord Sayre began to chuckle next to her and she turned to him and saw him look at her with a hint of amusement in his vibrant eyes.

"I feel the same way when I see her too." He said before glancing towards the building and she followed suit.

Made out of crystalline stones, nestled in between a rising skyline of a growing, beautiful city, the Pandrosion Institute shone like a beacon, as if it was an enticing oasis amidst the taller and bigger buildings that surrounded the school.

A building that seemed to have been carved out of a single block of crystalline like stone that had spiralling towers, arching bridges and an angular domed central building that spoke of prestige and where resided a nurturing presence of magic within the halls of the school that could be felt on the very surface of the skin.

The subjects that were taught at the school were incredibly diverse and rich, muggle sciences, muggle and magical philosophies, art, mathematics and of course a wide array of magical branches, all of which made the school likely the best secondary school in the world.

The professors were all those who had at least studied one subject at Seshet Institute of Magic and Science and had honed their skills after learning from memory crystals taken from highly successful professors from prestigious private schools in Britain and the US.

The Pandrosion Institute simply outshone Hogwarts in her opinion, a feat she never thought possible.

"Emily really outdid herself when she built it" he said with a fond slant in his tone and she only nodded in agreement. Lady Slytherin-Sayre had succeeded outshining her ancestor's achievements. Not that it wasn't evident anyway with what she did with Illos or the many achievements she was known for in the Magical World.

They landed not long after they passed by the Institute and walked into the central hallway of the Main Tower.

It was an imposing building, one that could be seen for miles away. Only Mount Celestis was taller and larger.

The Illosian guards stood to attention as they saluted Lord Sayre and he nodded to them as they passed through the high and wide pathway that was flanked with imposing pillars that were connected to pillars on the opposite side with arched stones that marked out the high ceilings.

The Main Tower was the very heart of Illos, all of its governing functions were centred here.

The Offices of Responsibility, those like the Office of Transportation, Office of Justice, Office of Economics, Office of Education, Office of Environment and so on were all responsible of different functions within Illos. All employees of their respective Offices had to be specifically trained in the roles they took on. Overseers headed the respective Offices and were elected every seven years by those qualified in their fields which ensured that the person in charge was competent, had interpersonal skills and knew the position wasn't their own personal fiefdom.

There were not many people who could immediately fill the position given the stringent requirements of competency and so they had to learn whilst they were in the role once they were determined to be capable of succeeding.

It helped that Knowledge and Memory Crystals were able to transfer a wealth of knowledge to the user though they still were required to exercise their minds to ensure they understood what they had received in the form of formal assessments.

Dual Masteries were required to be achieved, one that was focused in being disciplined in both muggle and magical branches relevant to your position like for example Herbology and Agriculture for a position in the Office of Agriculture.

Hedge witches and wizards who came from a farming background predominantly filled those positions and most thrived in those positions with the magical and technological aid that was given.

They worked with the Offices of Environment, Magical Innovation and Technology to build the agricultural sectors that was located several miles from Celestis City with green house buildings that were spatially expanded at least a dozen times.

These were what fed Illos, tens of thousands of acres of farmland that grew hundreds of vegetables and fruits whilst it also kept livestock and their feed contained in several dozen buildings that occupied little land.

The Office of Environment were responsible for ecological balance hence why they worked with Agriculture but they were also responsible for the weather system, maintaining and improving upon the enchantments that covered all ofIllos, the enchantments that mimicked seasonal changes in temperatures, that created the circulation of breezes, ones that would circulate fresh air and also allow seeds from plants and trees to be carried in a controlled fashion to specific destinations through a complex array of fabricated air currents.

She'd worked somewhat on it, courtesy in her own speciality in Charms thanks to her apprenticeship with Professor Fawley before later studying meteorology at SIMS though her talents lied more in her attention to detail.

It was why she was working as a coordinator under the supervision of the High Council with the various different groups that were working on Illos…

From building the agricultural sectors that were centred several miles south from Celestis City to building kilometre wide habitat domes for the muggle and magical creatures with the Offices of Animal Welfare, Technology and M.I. at and along the Rim of Illos that were going be spacially expanded almost thirty fold to building the Technology and Magic Centre five miles west from the city where most of the research facilities of state sponsored projects would be located.

It was a huge undertaking one that kept her on her toes and required her to know, intimately, all the different projects that were happening, a daunting prospect.

Yet, she still managed to…manage and over the last couple of years, now, at the age 26, she was one most senior individuals in Illos, a place of wonder and awe that she'd dreamed about when she'd been introduced to magic.

Not bad for muggleborn lass.

They walked through the restricted section of the Main Tower, one that was separate from the way to the Offices of Responsibility, escorted through by the few patrolling Illosian Guards as people came and went passing them by though not before bowing their heads, as always, to Lord Sayre.

They arrived at the central plaza that led to elevators to the three different Council Assemblies; The Representative Council, The Magical Council and the High Council.

The Representative Council, the legislative body of government that represented the electorate, created laws and oversaw the government via hearings and inquiries was located on the eleventh floor of this monolithic building.

It would be elected for the first time come November and she was quite excited about it.

The Magical Council represented sentient magical races and served to ensure the rights of each race whilst also ensuring that relations between the races were at least amicable. Whilst the Representative Council was not intended to for humans alone, it was obvious that population wise, magical humans were far more numerous than others and so the Magical Council was a check to ensure radical ideas did not permeate through Illos.

For the moment, this Council was not active, simply for the fact that there were only humans – and elves – based in Illos at this moment.

The High Council was the final council and the one that was responsible for the direction of the nation, an overarching direction that ensured that the Representative Council was limited in political power by holding it accountable if they deviate from the Constitution or the Spirit that governed Illos.

This Council was headed Lord Sayre and his wife, some said it was akin to a royal court and in truth, in many ways, it was not wrong.

Illosbelonged Lord Sayre and his wife by law and by act. Land had to be purchased from the High Council and whilst homes were permanently transferred without fee to citizens at present, the land they stood on still belonged to Lord Sayre and Lady Slytherin-Sayre and were simply 'leased' for the duration of their lifespan.

It was a contentious point but one she did not think would change for the foreseeable future despite Chancellor Sandra Saunders' arguments.

They arrived at the elevator that led to the High Council Assembly Chambers and after the wards verified who they were, the doors opened and they stepped into it.

It was a little heady, even after all these years, to see how magic was integrated into the very structures of everything in Illos.

The elevator, with a soundless, near perfect movement, began its ascend.

"How are people finding the news of the coming talks?" Lord Sayre broke the silence, almost startling her.

She peered at him and saw him gazing at her with a curious expression on her face.

She frowned a little as she thought on it. Her role as coordinator allowed her interaction with many other departments, especially when the Representative Council only had a few members at this moment. Eventually the High Council was meant to only be involved from a distance rather than intimately like it was now.

"Well…" she began as she sorted out what to say "Most are hopeful that the talks succeed." She said as she looked at him "But I think many are unsure about whether we're ready yet to be interacting with the rest of the Magical World." Her frowned deepened a little.

She didn't disagree with the general sentiment either though she suspected that people were a little fearful what might happen if they should discover the treasure that was Illos when they were still so few.

The loyalty and faith in Lord Sayre and his wife was total, she knew that, but many people were unsure if even he with all of his powers could protect their home against the rest of the Magical World should they finally find Illos.

It all stemmed from the events that led to Lord Sayre's departure of Magical Britain.

After Spencer-Moon had been voted out of office in late 1944, the Ministry under Minister Norton over time had grown combative, hostile even to Lord Sayre and his Party with support from the Traditionalist and Progressive factions.

For the first year after the defeat of Grindelwald, Lord Sayre had insurmountable influence in Magical Britain, using his position and untouchable status that came with defeating Grindelwald to campaign for better rights and protections for the more forgotten parts of magical society with little resistance, something that many Lords within the Wizengamot resented and it reflected as Minister Norton had been elected with heavy backing from the McKinnon and Black alliance.

Relations between the Ministry and Lord Sayre and his allies begun to worsen after The Truth about The Returnees and the Lie of being Muggle Borne was released, written by Lord Sayre and Lady Slytherin-Sayre in 1945, something that highly divided magical society to the point that it was banned in many European countries, Magical Britain included later in 1949.

He'd been accused of destabilising Magical Britain and with the economic grip the Sayre family held on Magical Britain, the envious Lords of the Wizengamot had started to fear him for more than just his magical power especially after the very noticeable popularity he had with the common people of Magical Britain.

Comparisons were whispered that he was like Grindelwald, seeking to destroy the Magical World with radical ideas, something that unfortunately a significant portion of the public seemed to believe despite everything he had done for them.

A betrayal of their champion, someone they had professed to have seen as their hero yet the moment they heard rumours that ran contrary to everything they knew of him, they latched onto it anyway, choosing to believe the lies the very nobles that intended to ensure they were kept as powerless and as divided as possible instead of someone who had sought to better their lives.

At the beginning it had not been so. The public had adored him and seen him not unlike a messiah.

Lord Sayre had been seen as an engine of change, his companies acted as his long reaching hands as new sectors centred on new forms of services, entertainment and magical goods were created, sectors that Sayre Corporation and its subsidiaries dominated on both sides of the Atlantic.

It made the Sayre family even wealthier than they were and even more popular as goods such as Mirror Phones and Reader Tablets – basic versions of the Uni-Library Tablets that encompassed entire libraries of magical and scientific knowledge available to Illosian Citizens – became staple goods to have in magical households.

Entertainment products such as creative board games such as Monopoly and Battle Brooms brought a new dimension to entertainment outside of wizarding chess though never to the scale that M-Vision managed to touch every facet of magical society.

M-Vision allowed you to watch Vratsa Vultures play live in the Bulgarian Quidditch League or Newt Scamander speak about magical creatures in documentaries or even watch the news all in the comforts of your home for a paltry sum of three galleons a month.

All of this contributed to a growing block of alliances that stretched beyond the shores of Magical Britain and wished to curtail if not halt completely the growing influence of the Sayre family that ate away at their power and social structures.

A block of alliances that denigrated his accomplishments little by little at first, comments made by officials that in isolated situations were nothing to pay attention to yet it grew and grew in volume…and in vitriol.

It continued to grow in strength and in power and by late 1946 they begun to act more blatantly when the Ministry nationalised several key companies such as the Daily Prophet proclaiming that companies such as the newspaper were needed to be owned by the public despite the fact that the Ministry was very much not representative of the public at all.

Yet it was a lie that the public believed in and would not be the last they chose to believe.

Eventually, the political climate turned against Lord Sayre so much that laws had been passed in early 1948 across several European nations that blacklisted Lord Sayre's companies before banning his innovations from their shores – later copying them – with seemingly full support of the ICW which was beginning to exert its influence against the Sayre family.

The ICW had grown more powerful in the wake of Grindelwald's defeat, gripping tighter on Europe in vacuum of power that was left behind and seemed to have it out against Lord Sayre with the pressure they exerted against him.

MACUSA, in the wake of the tyranny at the hands of the ICW decided to withdraw from its organisation though it kept itself signed onto the Statute of Secrecy.

They would find natural allies in MACUSA once it became time to reveal Illos to the world but for now it was better it remained ignorant to their existence given that MACUSA was in a precarious situation that did not need further exacerbation.

There had been a few attacks on Lord Sayre's family at that point though the responses that given in response ensured that violent attacks would only result in violent retribution even if they could not prove it was him.

She'd heard some tongues waggle that indicated that it had been likely a test of some sort, to see how he would react if things grew out of control.

They very nearly tried to arrest him anyway though they wisely had thought better of it yet it did not stop them from taking further actions, actions that they would come to regret later.

With the forces that were arrayed against him, despite the support he held from places like France, Ireland and MACUSA and somewhat in Britain itself, it seemed clear that conflict might be inevitable.

Thankfully it never got to that stage, not when Lord Sayre had reminded the world who exactly he was and what he was capable of when he apparated directly into the Italian Magical Senate and subdued every single Lord and Lady within its chamber with nothing but the sheer strength of his magic just as they debated confiscating several magical creature reserves that the Sayre family owned.

She allowed herself a satisfied feeling to pass through her at the thought of those traitorous idiots who owed their very freedom because of Lord Sayre begging at his feet.

He reminded them that he was an Archmage, an archmage that defeated the man who had brought Europe to his knees.

No longer did he speak softly, no longer did he hide behind words of peace and entreating words of unity.

He began to speak a language they understood…a language they seemed to have forgotten that he spoke fluently even if he did so reluctantly.

That single act drastically cooled the aggressive and political action against Lord Sayre and he managed to broker a deal with Magical Britain that severed his family's connection to the lands of Magical Britain and all that came with it.

In all of this, Lady Slytherin-Sayre had remained largely unspoken about or acted against, somehow having managed to remain neutral in the conflict between several Ministries and Lord Sayre despite her marriage to him.

Personally, she thought it was because of her alliances with several influential Houses such as House Lestrange, House Nott, House Greengrass, House Prince and so on, houses that were Traditionalists historically yet allied themselves in a new neutral faction separate from Grey Faction that was known as the Ouroboros faction, one that did not alienate the ministry and largely kept themselves out of the bitter feud between Lord Sayre and the Ministry.

Those Houses were important to the Ministry and though Lord Sayre had key allies himself, he had never allied with most of them officially, not in the way other powerful Houses had.

It was something that likely all but sealed his erosion of support within the Wizengamot and though many saw her lack of support for him in politics as also another betrayal, it was not something that was discussed, at least in public.

In truth, it confused many people, this lack of support when she was heavily involved in Illos itself and she was quite aware that many people had all kinds of conspiracy theories about it all. She even kind of agreed with some of them.

In the end, he relinquished all of his political powers in Magical Britain, his family's ancestral rights and had given an expressive oath that he would not return to Britain in exchange the British Ministry never acting against his family in any form or capacity. It was a controversial decision and one that eventually would bite them in their traitorous behinds given what had come next.

When Lord Sayre and his family left the British Isles, thousands of magicals and all of his wealth in Europe left with him, before it could be 'detained' by a belligerent ICW and as a consequence, it ended up causing a recession that the Magical Europe still had not been able to get out of years later.

Her lips twitched with amusement as she recalled the flabbergasted headlines of when Magical Reserves all across the world were destroyed with every single magical creature in those reserves having vanished into thin air practically overnight.

The former workers that were left behind, those who could not be trusted to come to Illos, were all obliviated of what had happened leaving behind a mystery as to how it was achieved.

To this day there was still a huge potion ingredient shortage which only added to the economic woes of most of Europe with the exception largely of Ireland and France who had backed Lord Sayre for the most part.

It was telling that those two nations were the only European countries that were relatively unscathed compared to most other nations.

Last she heard, those other Ministries had blamed him for the recession though the public had started to turn against the governments, believing that their troubles had started because they had chased him away.

It was a hypocrisy that beggared belief when those same people had turned against him so easily, allowing the Ministries and the ICW the freedom to act as they did so readily with their tacit support, all because they choose to believe that lies that Lord Sayre was destroying their society with his 'radical' beliefs.

Amidst such tense relations with the Magical World, many Illosians were right to worry about the consequences of re-entering the magical world before they were ready.

"I understand" Lord Sayre enthused to her with a quirk of the lips before he glanced away from her "It is a concern that I also hold but I feel we are ready to at least dip a toe in the sea" he said with a guileful smile forming on his face "There are many reasons as to why we should not seclude ourselves away from the world…"

The elevator dinged as it arrived and the doors opened, showing the reverent entrance hall of the High Assembly Chambers.

"One of them is showing exactly what they have missed out on and that starts today in this small but significant step" he said to her with dancing emerald embers that shone in a sea of violet fire, his smile sharpening with precise calculation before he turned away and walked out into the entrance hall with measured steps.

His footsteps echoed as he walked towards the heavy laden twin doors that opened and she watched as saw through the open doors silver white stoned walls and floor seemed to glow in the rays of light that passed through the forty-foot-long window that overlooked Celestis City.

She remained in the elevator and did not follow since she was not privy to the High Council, and watched his figure grow distant until the doors closed behind him.

The elevator doors closed and began to descend, her mind fixed on what he said. She had faith in him, had done so ever since he told her the truth about her prospects in the magical world in that fateful meeting in the Hog's Head in 1940.

He'd repaid it time and again and she wouldn't break faith now or ever.

The elevator doors opened and she saw the delegation being led by Parelius Parkinson and a few Illosian Guards.

There were four delegates there with him, wearing formal wizarding robes though with an Asiatic accent to them.

She walked around them and they passed by her, Parkinson spared her a glance before returning to his conversation with the Japanese. She noticed one of them was familiar though she wasn't sure if she recognised him.

No matter, she mused.

The Japanese were a safe bet to introduce to Illos especially if the rumours were true that Lord Sayre had saved hundreds of Japanese families from the atomic bombs that had been dropped in Hiroshima and Nagasaki back in 1945.

Working as closely as she did with Lord Sayre for the past few years, she was well aware of his meticulous scheming and playing on the honour culture of the Japanese was not something he would be averse to.

One might think it would make her dislike him but far from it…

In all her time in the Magical World outside of Illos, she'd never felt at home…she'd never been allowed to feel at home.

Here…

Things were different and she had felt like she belonged from the moment she arrived.

"For Illos, anything and everything must be done to protect it" she said softly to no one in particular, her eyes hardened into immutable, immovable shards of blue stone.

It was something she and many others believed.


-----------------Break-----------------​


26th​ of June 1952 – Bosnia

Amelie Cantona POV

Slick!

Her bastard sword passed through the neck of the last survivor, his head toppling onto the ground. With a jerk of her arm, the blood splattered off of her sword.

She glanced over her shoulder and saw the bodies in the hallway of the compound that had been left behind in the wake of her attack.

Whimpering sounds drew her attentions and she looked at the girls, dozens of girls that were penned in a large cage that was unfit for even animals let alone people.

She strode forward, her silver black armour shimmered in the dim lights that illuminated the room they were in.

The mission had been to investigate several Norwegian Ministry officials that were making noises of finding where Lord Sayre was 'hiding' and to bring him to justice for the economic 'terrorism' he did.

Normally they would not pay much attention to such statements but when it was coming from officials that were heavily involved in the growing radicalisation of Magical Europe…

The Counter Intelligence branch of the O.I. specialised in such matters.

They were tasked of ensuring that they knew all that there was to know about the important players in Ministries around the world and were tasked with what she believed was one of the most important duties she'd ever have;

Ensuring the secrecy of Illos was maintained for as long as possible.

It was becoming harder and harder to achieve, not least because the ICW was becoming aware that Lord Sayre still operated in the muggle world despite their efforts.

Most of Lord Sayre's operations in the British Isles were ceased when they'd left save for a few muggle companies that had little to no discernible connection to his family but there were still more than a few links remaining that tied him to the companies that had taken root in the United States.

Thankfully the events that lead to Lord Sayre's banishment from Europe, the same events that the ICW helped orchestrate, were exactly what would delay them from finding pertinent information.

MACUSA had withdrawn from the ICW some years ago by President Clito-Beauclerc as a result of the actions they'd taken against the Sayre family, a family she was a part of and a family that MACUSA backed to the hilt especially when Lady Sophia Sayre-McDowell married a member of one of the other Founder families.

This had delayed the ICW from figuring out that the links between the muggle companies and the growing squib workers that permeated through those companies and whose children studied in Illos.

But it would not remain the case in the future. It was why there was a growing contingent with C.I. that believed it was too risky to continue to operate as they have done despite the stringent magical contracts that kept Illos' secret.

She shook her head, dismissing that train of thought and returned to the situation at hand.

Their investigation led to one thing or another until they had come across this trafficking ring that funnelled its wealth into the coffers of these officials who also used the wealth to promote blood purity within Scandinavia.

She had thought they had been destroyed completely but it seemed like there were still some elements that were all too keen to continue the depravity that Lord Sayre had tasked his people to eradicate years ago.

In the early years after the war, most criminal organisations that had flourished during the Grindelwald era had been for the most part been eradicated by former members of the Knights of Mimpost, liberating hundreds of slaves, many often being exotic sex slaves.

They had earned an infamous moniker…the Hounds of Death, one that to this day inspired fear much to their satisfaction.

There was even a pub in Illos named The Knightly Hounds as a tribute to their infamous moniker.

The ICW had placed a bounty on them, offering quarter of a million galleons on their heads though they never been able to collect for obvious reasons.

The ICW had not cared about these criminal organisations, not when they stayed within the confines of the Statute and were protected by high ranked Ministry Officials in the countries these criminal organisations had operated in. The only reason they'd intervened is because they had to when corrupt officials were assassinated and almost a hundred wizards turned up dead.

It was concerning that another organisation had picked up the pieces they'd worked hard to shatter and disperse into the wind and perhaps another example like this was needed to be made.

Unfortunately, she didn't think it would stick not when hardly anyone cared in the magical world. That was quite fine in her eyes though…after all, she was all too happy to wet her blade in their blood.

With inhuman speed she cut the chains on the door with her bastard sword, its inherent magical nature cut through whatever enchantments that had been placed with ease.

The girls cried out in fear and she returned her sword in her scabbard before she touched her helmet underneath her chin, the liquid metal flowing away from her head until it receded down to her shoulders, revealing her face.

"I'm here to help" she said in French, her tone soft and gentle as the eyes of most of the girls widened with surprise, understanding dawning on their terrified faces.

The silver blond hair of the girls was an obvious giveaway of their nature…Veela.

They tended to be most often victims of trafficking with the rare few Sirens as another magical species that was highly desirable to wealthy patrons to own.

"You will take us…home?" one of the older girls said in with hesitation as she stepped forward. Amelie inclined her head.

"I will." She raised her arm, tapping rapidly on the arm interface. She glanced up "Which colony are you from" her eyes darted to some of the braver girls who were approaching her.

Not long after they were all outside, waiting on their pickup. Portkeys could have done the trick but even to this day, the magical nets that permeated throughout Europe were all still at their highest alertness despite it being almost ten years since the war ended.

It would leave a trace…a trace that they were not interested in leaving behind.

The girls exclaimed in shock and they huddled together closer as a large object descended down from the sky.

It was a large silver grey ship with acutely angled wings that made it seem like it was an overgrown diving Hawk in shape.

The ship settled down in front of them and its doors opened and a couple of her comrades began to walk down the slope.

One of them walked the women into the bowel of the ship whilst the other walked up to her.

"The bodies more or less intact?" Leonard Husserl inquired. She glanced at him for a moment before she nodded. He was a dark haired man with brown green eyes. He had an American lilt to his Germanic accent, a remnant of his time spent in the States when he'd been rescued from the concentration camps a decade or so ago.

"They are though most of them are missing an appendage or two. Some heads" she said with a shrug. She never quite knew why Lord Sayre wanted bodies recovered from their missions.

"That's fine" Husserl dismissed before he raised his arm and a Holo Interface sprang into existence. He tapped away with his hand and several enchanted drones flew out and into the building, towards the bodies that she'd left behind.

"How did it go in Norway?" she asked of her colleague. He paused for a moment before he looked at her.

"The mission was completed." He told her and she narrowed her eyes in response which he understood.

He pursed his lips "The intel proved right though I have to say he almost had me fooled" he said with a frown.

She tilted her head quizzically and he expanded "As you know, the man was someone who preached for blood equality in public yet the evidence that we got specified that he was a hard core purist supporter with links to ICW factions that are intent on finding us. But…" he trailed off as a troubled expression fell on his face.

"I found nothing at his home" he said with a sigh and he peered at her from the corner of his eyes "And you know I'm thorough."

She thought on it for a moment. They'd found this place and by extension Mr Vestergaard through spying on well known Norwegian Purists. Could it be Vestergaard was set up and their intel was bad?

"Did you try Legillimency?" she queried and he nodded.

"I did but he was better than I expected which is why I'm off the belief that perhaps my initial thoughts were wrong." He told her and she nodded, more relaxed at this revelation.

"He could have kept all the pertinent information stored in his mind." she surmised and he smiled grimly as he inclined his head.

"My thoughts too…still…I have to say that we would have never expected Vestergaard to be as involved in this had it not been for the evidence those officials had" he said with a frown "It's…unprecedented."

"Unusually competent" she agreed and he scoffed but nodded in agreement.

"Means we'll have to improve. Especially when this is the kind of man who in theory, based on his public records, could have been a staunch ally of Illos." Husserl said grimly and Amelie's eyes darkened at the thought.

The thought that such a man that could conceal his nature having anything to do with Illos caused the inner predator within her to rouse in furious rage.

"Goes to show that not all is what it seems at times." Husserl said with a shrug as the drones arrived with the bodies shrunk to a 20th​ of their original size levitated in a beam of light.

"Anyway, time to drop off those ladies and to debrief at base" Husserl said with a clap of the hands and the drones raced towards the bay of the ship and he followed suit.

She took a moment to look behind her, her eyes intent on the compound. What Husserl said about the deception Vestergaard played…

She narrowed her eyes. Husserl was right about one thing.

They'd have to improve lest they let a Trojan Horse through the gates of their city.


Celestis City:
What I envision Celestis City to be like.
Spoiler: Pictures 1
Spoiler: Pictures 2
Spoiler: Pictures 3
My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Sep 18, 2022
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Treken, Lost_Sanke, Jacksonian Democracy and 124 others
mosefboombox117
Sep 18, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 2 (67)
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Sep 29, 2022
Add bookmark
#28
A/N: Hello All, please see the second chapter of Arc III
Chapter 2:

26th​ of June 1952 – Core of Illos

Alice POV

She stood on the auxiliary transport, one that was akin to a draisine, ferrying her across the vast subterranean facility on hard light rails that crossed across the chasm.

A chasm that existed within the centre of Illos, carved out of solid nickel core before its walls were transfigured, transmuted into metres thick crystallised cooling stone that glistened under the humming lights of the energised structures that lay within the heart of the worldship.

Thousands of kilometres of conduits permeated the space within the chasm, flush against the crystalline stoned walls and on kilometre high stilts that had a multitude of levels on which conduits ran on, connecting one collection of machineries and systems on one side to the systems and structures on the other, each performing separate functions yet intimately interlinked.

She glanced around, her eyes zooming into one of the levitating organisms that was at a conduit junction, familiarising itself with the operation of one aspect of the machineries of the Core Room.

One of them was headed her way, slowly descending down to her.

They were fragile looking organisms that had sextuple arm like appendages that bore similarities with octopodidae with the difference being that they had eight finger like extensions to the end of their appendages that were more flexible and longer than simian fingers.

Their faces were elongated with a small round mouth that had small ridged circular teeth and six set of eyes with the upper set being optical tentacles, capable of extruding and rotating around. Its body was translucent with its bones in full display, a consequence of the extremely thin skin and miniscule musculature.

They had thin wing membranes that formed from the joints at the mid section of their backs that protruded far from the main body. It bore a vague similarity to winged seeds. The organism was kept aloft in the same aerodynamic principles that humming birds worked in, the wings and complex vortices working together to create a low pressure lift system as the wings moved forward and backward.

Their species did not have a name, Lady Emily had not cared to but Alice liked to call them the Seelie, after the Scottish folklore of benevolent fae.

They had been created by Lady Emily, borne out of one of her more successful experiments in the creation of sentient 'magical' creatures based on the Atlantean Archives.

Instead of the archaic use of human or animal sacrifice for 'flesh crafting', the golems that Creator Atticus made were instead used as a base to see if it was an able substitute for creating new life.

Most ended up in failures, some much worse than others but the Seelie, even if it was different than intended, was a success despite Lady Emily's displeasure at her creations especially given their inability to use any form of neurophysical energy.

The intent of the 'flesh crafting' had been to create a new form of simian winged creature that was closer in size to humans instead of like the Fairies, Pixies or Doxies.

However, the golems were simulacrums, neurophysical machinery without sapient intelligence or biological form and no amounts of compensation had been able to counter it from what she had been told without introducing biological materials though that had proven to be insufficient as well, at least from what was intended to be created.

They were warped into a kind of magi-biological being that were extremely lightweight to the point that it took little exertion of force for it take itself afloat and bore behavioural characteristics that marked it little better than a fly – at first.

That said…an unexpected benefit was that they were practically logic machines. Where a fly might seek to feed itself and proliferate, the Seelie instead seek to understand and maintain, a behavioural anomaly that was unaccounted for but in hindsight should have been expected, at least to a small degree given the predictable unpredictability of 'magic' along certain lines.

The base from which they had been formed had after all been from golems programmed to maintain and build things and it seemed like the 'flesh crafting' took that route.

They also were intelligent, of a type, one that was a different form of intelligence than the humans and other animals she's been around. They could understand and be reasoned with, within a certain framework. They were all rationality and logic without a semblance of biological instinct or emotion.

They were capable of procreation though it was more akin to replication, not unlike single celled organisms splitting into two as a way to proliferate. They seemed to do it only if they came to the conclusion that there were too few to carry out their instructions. They hadn't done so for the last few years, seemingly having judged just under two hundred was enough.

One of them flew towards her and extended its tendril that was split from the tip. She extended out her arm that held out a crystalline computer tablet "These are your new instructions."

The Seelie took the tablet and connected itself to the tablet, its computer like brain processing it far faster than any other biological organism she was aware of. The Seelie, after a few moments turned its optical tentacle eyes at her, making a complex silent motion with them.

She nodded "Yes, you can take the bulk of the other Seelie to begin building the new facility." The Seelie made another motion and she nodded again "You may reroute underutilised conduits to connect it to the power infrastructure as long as it does not affect the rest of the network." The Seelie made a gesture she understood as the equivalent of a nod.

"Housing has already been built by the Elves at the topside for you and the others so you may commence immediately." She told the being and the Seelie beat its wings in the distinctive slow manner, rising and turning away from her.

The Seelie had no understanding of social interactions or 'niceties'. She liked that about them.

The Seelie would build that facility faster than any golems or Elves could manage with zero incidents or errors only needing minimal machinery and tools. With the secrecy still in effect with regards to the inherited Ancient Human knowledge and their technology, Creator Atticus decided to limit the use of the automated building facilities topside and on the hull of the worldship.

It slowed down the completion of the Core significantly, integration of the systems, devices and structures built within Illos took three years longer than expected, having only been completed eight months ago. The impulse thrusters and the accompanying support systems were still many years from completion though with the Seelie it was expected that they would recover from the delay quicker though it would still be years behind schedule.

The initial estimation given by the Progenitor Moira had been optimistic, especially given several rounds of amendments had to be made in order to allow for future expansion and improvements.

If only the Seelie had been created at the beginning, it would likely have been completed on schedule.

Yes, the Seelie were a benefit to Illos and to Creator Atticus in particular who wanted a steady but accelerated progression along the technological path without the people being 'gifted' the technology without understanding it or having developed the wisdom for it.

Much of the technology that was present in Illos was a result of her own, Creator Atticus' and Lady Emily's collaboration, to create very primitive analogues of Ancient Humanity technology that were combined with 'magical' elements to…not necessarily hide the technology but rather provide a basis, a template from which to expand on, something that was ongoing at present though at a slower pace than what was wanted.

This part of the overarching plan was where the Seelie would come in.

Eventually the Seelie would be integrated within Illosian society and help the mages 'develop' basic ideas and theories that would later be confirmed in experiments and independent scientific verification and continue from there.

It was one of the harder concepts for her to understand about humans.

Wisdom…

It was a concept that was alien to her core programming. She may have been given many human characteristics and the ability to emote but it did not mean she was human.

For her, understanding came from knowledge and applicability came from understanding.

But for humans…they needed far more than knowledge or understanding, at least according to Creator Atticus.

Humans were not logical beings even if they used the principle. They seemed to need time and experience to develop the critical human characteristic that was wisdom…the ability to judge with reason and in moderation against desire and instinct.

The desire to misuse technology and the instinct to use it in passion or anger.

She'd discussed this aspect, this necessity in biological intelligence with Sparkly Dawn and he offered no useful insights though he concurred with Creator Atticus' assessment when it came to slow introduction of technology.

It was peculiar, the fact that Creator Atticus could hold his own species under such a negative light that he found them unable to use the gifts that his progenitors left behind responsibly yet he used it without issue himself.

Perhaps she should not find it as peculiar, given the division and the disappointment his species could provide. She had witnessed it herself when the people he had saved from a bleak future from had turned against him.

He might have purposefully induced such division in his species as part of the Plan but nonetheless the ease with which it could be done provided enough evidence that they had not matured socially, culturally or intellectually to be able to handle such power if they were so easily misled.

This very act, the refusal to 'gift' knowledge to such…volatile peoples was likely an example of the kind of wisdom he'd hope to eventually see in his people.

At times she wondered if Creator Atticus had ever considered himself to be like the rest of his species.

Perhaps he never did because he never was, she considered to herself.

He seemed to understand the universe in ways none of his people seemed to be able to, not even Lady Emily. She tilted her head curiously. In many ways she nor Sparkly Dawn understood the strange relationship between the neurophysical quantum field and organic life.

While the neurophysical field permeated the cosmos and was similar to the other fields that governed the classical universe, it was…illogical.

Where instead of a physical excitement was necessary to cause a reaction, in the neurophysical field, it was conscious excitement that caused reactions, effects and results. Will and Intent acted onto the field, causing tangible consequences that altered the fabric of reality. Other magical Beings, even if most were not sapient, were able to impact onto the neurophysical field just as ably as humans did, their form of intent and desire enough to create a reaction onto the neurophysical field.

What the Atlanteans had been able to accomplish with the creation of nearly every magical being on Earth was impressive, the ability to create beings that could tangibly affect the neurophysical field in ways the Atlanteans themselves had desired.

She would not have expected the Ancient Humans to have been capable of it even if they had access to the knowledge, not when it required them to be capable of manipulating neurophysical energy to the extent the Atlanteans, and in time the rest of the Illosians, had been able to.

All of these species operated at different frequencies within the neurophysical field, each of them capable or limited to reality altering aspects that is unique to their species. Humans were capable of more, likely as a result of their greater consciousness and unique genetic makeup but were still constrained to a specific set of frequencies.

All of these beings held a unique relationship to the neurophysical field even if nearly all of them did not understand it, may it be tangible or spiritual.

She understood the tangible relationships that existed, the observations she's made over the years had helped with that just as her own understandings of how to create patterns that would manipulate the neurophysical energies to the shapes and effects she intended to cause but when it came to the more…spiritual aspects of it, she was unable to understand even with the form she took.

She glanced at her herself, eying her body intently. Her skin was a dull silver grey colour hidden behind mostly a simple beige summer dress made out of very refined cotton. She grabbed her black hair and let the silicon strands fall between her fingers.

Creator Atticus had made this body for her so she could interact with the universe in the same way he did if she so wished to do so.

And she did.

Most of her perceptions were as close to 'human' as possible but it did little to bridge the gap between herself and the rest of her Creator's species though she wasn't particularly interested in doing that beyond for seeing if it was possible.

Something she was coming to a conclusion that it was not possible at all. Just as the Seelie could only be interacted with in a certain framework, humans were the same.

After spending a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a second on that consideration, she dismissed that code of thinking and returned to the task at hand as she neared the centre of the Core.

At the exact locational centre of the chasm, a locational centre that was in line with the convergent point of Illos itself, there hung the slipspace drive, an arrowed shaped structure 3.2 kilometres long which was upright with the converging tip facing downward.

It used small crystals that were quantum engineered crystalline devices, not unlike the crystalline storage device that hosted her consciousness in her present android body, that would modulate the worldship's passage through the higher dimensions of slipspace.

The Forerunners used similar principles though their crystals were several orders of magnitude better than that of Ancient Humanity.

This drive would be able to create a rupture between normal space and slipspace, a set of eleven 'non-dimensions' that existed above the perceptible dimensions to humanity, that being the three spatial dimensions and the temporal dimension.

Physics changed for the matter that moved from normal space into slipstream space, effectively allowing faster than light travel without relativistic side-effects.

Fascinating as it was to think about, Slipspace Physics was not why she was here today.

Cascades of coherent, high energy photons were emitted through the air, generating visible vertical rails of light that was connected to the draisine she stood atop on.

The horizontal hard light rails blinked out and the draisine began to descend towards her target below.

She looked down, towards the very bottom of the Core chamber.

She was here for another reason even if it was tangentially related.

A massive luminous sphere, alight with pulsing energy lay connected to a vast system of machinery, all of which sat at the base of the cavernous chamber.

A Vacuum Energy Reactor.

She quizzically tilted her head, a human characteristic she picked up from her Creator.

If the conduits could be likened in biological terms as arteries, the machineries as proteins that carry out certain instructions and functions, then what was below was the very heart of Illos.

A heart that pumped out massive amounts of energy, fed from the disequilibrium caused between a pocket dimension separate from normal space-time and the universe itself.

It was fascinating physics, she mused, impossible for human minds to grasp its complete beauty, even the Ancient Humans needed Servitors to aid them with the mathematics.

The Ancient Humans only made less than a dozen of the reactors and only three had been operational by the time the Shaping Sickness arrived.

Not because it was inferior to their anti-matter or fusion reactors.

It generated several orders of magnitude greater energy output without needing fuel but it also required a significant fraction of that energy to power the gravitic and electro-magnetic containment fields that stabilised and restricted energy flow from the pocket dimension into the reactor proper.

The initiation phase of the reactor worked on a similar principle to slipspace drives but instead of creating ruptures to slipstream space, it instead ruptured into shunspace, a dimension outside of conventional space that, if the rupture was stabilised, took properties of the classical universe in the localised shunspace.

The size of the pocket dimension depended on the size of the rupture and energy output was directly proportional to that size. The containment fields had the ability to 'collapse' the pocket dimension into itself, severing it from normal space, through utilisation of all of the energy flow to cause a cosmic resonance that closed the rupture.

The initial energy release in the Vacuum Energy Reactor was enough to power three Class One worlds for six months – Class One worlds being the Ancient Humanity terminology for Ecumenopolis, cities that were world spanning and covered every inch of the planetary body.

A huge amount of energy release that was wrought out of exploitation of classical physics.

The classical universe gets its properties from quantum fields, fields that dictate to particles how to behave, how to interact with each other and with the classical dimensional plane of the universe.

Her eyes fell on the hard light rails that was guiding her downwards.

Light…light is a product created by excitements within the electromagnetic field, a process that creates radiation that most life perceive and understand as light.

There were fields for every particle of matter within the classical universe that have their own rules and these particles can be divided in three categories; Lermiyesh, Qalmiyesh and Bolmiyesh.

Lermiyesh and Qalmiyesh were the 'matter particles' which consist of all of the things that can be classically be observed within the universe with Qalmiyesh being the nuclear family of particles that makes up the nuclei of atoms.

Together, Lermiyesh and Qalmiyesh were made by 'matter fields' whilst Bolmiyesh were made by 'force fields', fields that instruct particles how to move.

There were four classical forces that were part of the classical universe's set of rules; Electro-Magnetism, Gravity, the strong and weak Nuclear Forces.

Each Particle uses a certain set of forces to interact with other particles.

And every Particle, like everything else in the universe, wanted to be at the lowest energy level state, towards stability, a ground state that is completely stable and has a little energy as possible.

For Particles, this state is referred to as the Vacuum State.

All particles within the classical universe have reached their vacuum state excepting for one; the Heriyeshi Field.

The field that was responsible for giving particles their mass, all of laws and rules within the classical universe were dependent on this field and…

This quantum field was also the last quantum field that has not yet reached its vacuum state. It was metastable, appearing to be stable though it was capable of changing to a more stable state, to a lower energy level than at which it was currently at.

That meant the Heriyeshi field has a lot of potential energy waiting to be released if it was to crash into the lower energy state.

That is what has been induced within the pocket dimension contained within the centre of the sphere where the physics matched the classical universe.

The Heriyeshi field was 'sparked' into crashing into the lower energy state, reaching its vacuum state, and the potential energy release would cascade and push the space around it over the barrier as well which releases more potential energy which push more space over the barrier which releases more potential energy and so on and on.

A huge amount of energy release that would annihilate all matter that came across it – and it did so, in the constrained pocket dimension.

This energy however was finite and only lasted for less than thirty-seven minutes.

The two kilometre cylindrical structures that were either side of the Vacuum Energy Reactor were Energy Storage Modules, modules that were able to store all of the initial energy release.

There were several factors smaller than the modules that had been located on Charum Hakkor, the last place that utilised Vacuum Energy Reactors. It had powered all of its defensive systems for thousands of years and was partially responsible for ensuring the Siege had lasted as long as it did when they had been cut off from all support and supplies for over half a century.

What enabled the smaller size was the application of space expansion runes that increased storage capacity by a factor of twenty, which enabled them store all of the initial energy release at 87% full capacity.

This stored energy would be enough to power Illos for six hundred and ten years at the current consumption rate.

But it was not needed for that purpose, no, the energy demand of Illos was and would be fulfilled by the smaller but constant power generation that followed after that initial energy release even if at present it was still far in excess of what was currently consumed.

Entropy was the measure of 'specialness' of the arrangement of a system of particles, higher entropy meaning a more disordered arrangement with a lower entropy being the inverse.

The universe tended towards disorder and so a highly unusual arrangement will decay over time.

Most power generation utilise and harness that decay of order by a differential of entropy states, such as using the difference in temperature and pressure of the interior chamber of a piston and the temperature and pressure of the exterior chamber that houses the piston to extract work.

In principle that is similar to how the Reactor would function, the extraction of work from the vacuum energy differential that existed between the pocket dimension and the classical universe.

The Heriyeshi field is responsible for giving particles their mass in the current meta state that it is in. All of the rules and laws that bind the classical universe is dependent on this rule, all that is known and understood is dependent on this constant.

Yet…

This changes once the Heriyeshi field reaches its vacuum state, all classical physics is rendered obsolete, defunct.

Constants observed in the classical universe no longer apply in the pocket dimension, the forces that rule the universe have changed and, more importantly, the vacuum energy within the pocket dimension has changed its constant energy density.

And it is this change in constant energy density that allows for the immense energy extraction.

Normal space and the altered pocket dimension are both in perfect equilibrium in their own isolated systems but when they are bridged, there is an introduction of disequilibrium in both systems.

The vacuum energy density within the pocket dimension is several orders of magnitude greater than the vacuum energy density within normal space and it is in this tendency to move towards equilibrium where massive amounts of energy can be extracted from the vacuum energy of the pocket dimension.

Energy is extracted in this movement towards equilibrium in similar principles to how energy is extracted from pressure differentials from combustion engines.

The rate in which the Reactor was producing power was in excess of what it was needed and most of the power was directed towards

At the rate it could produce power, it would be able to sustain Illos that had a population of 750 million people and averaged energy consumption of 1,200 kWh a month without impacting the operation of the rest of the technological infrastructure that resided within the Core, including the Slipspace Drive, the Shield Generators and the Hub – the successor to the Facility that had housed everything Ancient Humanity managed to save prior to their extinction.

At present it was only generating a mere fraction of its full potential, the gravitic and electromagnetic fields restricted energy flow accordingly, using most of that energy creation in the process. When it was time to utilise more of the energy into power generation, those fields would be 'loosened', allowing more energy to flow, controlled and precise.

The Energy Storage Modules partly functioned as, effectively, emergency backup that would strengthened the containment fields should the primary, secondary and tertiary failsafe mechanisms fail.

At present, the Reactor was generating more than what was needed, with that excess power being stored in a multitude of similar Energy Storage Modules but in this instance, they would be used for something else.

The draisine passed down through a chute below the level the Vacuum Energy Reactor resided, a chute that ran for several hundred metres deeper. This was newly bored, this chute, and, as she entered the bottom most sublevel she was greeted with the sight of many more structures.

It had taken years, years of learning high level energy physics, physics that Ancient Humans had spent hundreds of thousands of years in mapping out and refining, before this had been possible.

Physics she had understood easily enough, given the nature of her existence as an artificial intelligence, but for Creator Atticus, it was a long and arduous process that took over ten years with nearly that same amount of time spent within the Time Room.

There were no shortcuts such as memory or knowledge crystals and she doubted he would make any, not after the struggle he'd gone through understanding as much of it as possible. She didn't expect many others to be able to grasp it as much as he did either.

The draisine stopped and opened, allowing her to step onto the platform it docked on and began to walk towards her destination.

She walked past the circular miniature Energy Storage Modules. They were capable of holding less but their numbers were higher. At present they were only at around half capacity. By the time the facility was ready, the Convertor primed and running, all of it would be emptied.

She past them by and continued on her journey.

Long dark grey structures that shone with bright and furious glowing orange lines that greeted her, structures that held within them a unique form of plasma energy that would be used as a medium, a medium that would fulfil a goal of her Creator's that he'd long wished to reach.

Her footsteps echoed in the discordant chamber as she walked towards the central structure, a structure that shone the brightest orange and where the control mechanisms lay.

She walked through the opening passage way, her eyes glancing curiously at the machines that would modulate the capacitive energy before sending into the Convertor. She continued walking towards her final destination and eventually she arrived, having walked through a hallway.

She stopped, finally, in front of a glowing orange white light in a room that was much smaller than what had been built around it.

The large triangular symbol that contained several triangles within itself was a Runic creation, one made entirely by Creator Atticus and Lady Emily.

Runes manipulated neurophysical energy to create effects that were manifested by the symbolism that was ascribed to their runic symbol.

In every magical society that uses runes, dead languages and/or writing scripts were used as a means to fix the meanings of the runes as over time words and languages can change meaning, something that naturally would have disastrous results if those symbols were used when their meanings had changed.

Runes were able to do what they did because of a metaphysical manifestation, one borne out of collective understanding of what each rune meant, that was within the neurophysical energy field that permeated the universe.

They were not certain if such manifestation was local or universal, if such manifestation existed at every point in space due to the nature of the neurophysical field, it was something they would have to thoroughly investigate at a future date – perhaps even ask Lady Anne Sayre to conduct tests given she was in Space with Progenitor Moira at present, but in any case it meant that there was a logic to the creation of runes.

One that could be replicated with only a handful of people who knew the language, the meanings of its letterings and the power they held. It hadn't been as simple as that otherwise anything could be turned to what is known as Runic magic but in the end it could be surmised as that.

It was enough for metaphysical manifestation to occur within the neurophysical field and as long as it remained known, the language and its meanings would remain extant in the universe.

There was a reason as to why this 'dead' language was created. Many of the existing dead languages that were used in Runic magic were primitive, the concepts, the ideas and terminologies they knew were insufficient.

At present, runes had to be creatively fitted with each other to create effects that otherwise would not be possible, such the 'programming' of golems that required several Runic languages to be combined for it to function in any useful degree.

And so, Creator Atticus with Lady Emily created their own Runic Language, one that would, in time, be disseminated in the populace within the next couple of decades.

The runic symbol in front of her was one of the most esoteric runes within the language, its meaning representing

Manifestation

Revelation

A Higher Perspective

Over a decade of high level physics yielded an understanding of what Neurophysical Energy was to Creator Atticus in relation to other forms of energy.

An understanding that resulted in this highly…spiritual ascription being used to achieve energy conversion from one form into neurophysical energy.

It was peculiar that for all of the advanced technology available, it was this, singular, almost insignificant seeming symbol that would allow for perhaps the greatest achievement in any human civilisation to be achieved.

The ability to convert any form of energy to Neurophysical Energy…otherwise known as 'magic'.

They were not certain if they would actually produce more neurophysical energy but rather create a concentration of neurophysical energy at this specific location that would reduce neurophysical energy somewhere else in the universe by converting some of its energy into classical forms of energies.

This was born out of the notion that the neurophysical field may well be a constant, that the use of, for example, elemental 'magic', where 'magic' is turned into fire or water, is compensated elsewhere in the universe whereby energy from the sun or a black hole is turned into neurophysical energy, keeping its energy levels a constant even if there are higher concentrations in certain locations.

It may explain, somewhat, why there were higher concentrations of neurophysical energy on Earth and much less in space or at lifeless planetary bodies such as the Moon or Mars.

The Neurophysical field was irrevocably linked to life but it was also constant even if its distribution was uneven.

It was a concern that their actions may result in decreasing neurophysical energy on Earth itself as a way to balance scales but it was doubtful.

She got to the console and began running a diagnostics program "It'll be curious to see what the conversation ratio will be" she mused aloud, another habit she picked up from Creator Atticus.

She shook her head, a pointless act but one she liked doing and got back to her task.

It was peculiar that all of this stemmed from a singular obsession of her creator, one that this creation would allow to happen…

To create as much Mithril as was possible

A metallic element that defied logic, capable of existing in two different states, liquid and solid, at the same time with mere expression of conscious thought changing its present state.

It was solidified Neurophysical Energy in its purest form and its applications were endless.

The Precursors had likely used something very similar to build their Star Roads that connected entire star systems together across the galaxy, their Orbital Arches that stretched beyond into the vastness of space, all of their artefacts and megastructures made out of indestructible filaments that stood the test of time for billions of years.

She glanced at the bright orange hue that shone through the crystalline glass that was affixed to the wall where the device was located behind.

She wondered at times if perhaps he also lacked the purported wisdom he wished of his people given his obsession with walking the path the Precursors might have once walked before they became the Precursors billions of years ago.

It was a moot point, in truth.

Even if he made mistakes with disastrous consequences, she would be there to help fix it.

After all…

He was her creator and it was what she was created for.


-----------------Break-----------------​


23th​ of June 1952

Credence Aurilius (Barebones/Dumbledore) POV

He sat against the edge of the desk, his hands resting flatly on the surface, his eyes intently trailing across the Lecture Hall which had every seat filled.

The Lecture Hall was different from typical classrooms; it was not unlike a theatre hall with seats that were two floors up and was along the circumference of the room in a half circle facing towards a wide spaced central floor where his desk and blackboard stood at the very back.

The central floor had a platform, one that could be seen from any seat, that was used for demonstration or practice.

Even if it was not quite part of the main syllabus, it was after all still a Defence Mastery class and would have some demonstration even if it was limited in the use of magic.

"Welcome" he began once the watch on his wrist chimed that it was time to start and the room began to quieten almost immediately "to Strategy in Combat." He waved his wand and chalk letterings of the name of the class appeared on the blackboard.

"Despite this being an optional class that is not requisite for your Defence Mastery, I'm pleased to see all of you still chose to attend" Credence allowed a small smirk to form on his face "Even with knowing you won't get to wave your wand around" he said to a smattering of chuckles

He raised his wand and the words underneath the title of the class began to form

'To fight your opponent in a protracted battle is anything but excellence but rather proves one to be wasteful and dangerous to others'

"This point has been reiterated several times during your first year of this Mastery program and in this class that point will be reiterated several times more." He intoned to his students as began to pace gently across the front of his desk.

"Many of you have aspirations of entering the duelling circuit whilst others have the aspirations to become Aurors or Hit Wizards in your home nations yet in all those professions what will always mark the difference between good duellists and fighters is the ability to break your enemy's resistance with as little effort as possible." He said calmly though his voice was serious, commanding and had hints of warning in his tone.

"It is not magical strength, it is not the volume of deadly and powerful spells that you know marks out the skill of an individual but rather, instead, the shortness of the battle instead." He glanced at his students hoping to drive the point through with his stare.

"Strategy is key to any prospective fighter. The most important asset you have is not your wand, not the strength of your magic but rather your judgement, your ability to out-plan and out-think the opponent facing you." He paused meaningfully as he let his words sink into his class, his eyes roving across the room.

"In this class, we will be analysing how to approach situations, how to avoid situations and how to even defeat your enemy without having to fight at all." He allowed a small smile to form on face "Though that will be a tad harder to pull off, I admit" he said with a chuckle. "Nonetheless, all of that will be broached in this class and though you may not use magic overly in this class, its principles and teachings may well save your lives should you find yourself in a disadvantaged situation"

Several hands went up and he picked one of them out "Will this also include how to work together to defeat Dark Lords? Like Grindelwald?" the woman eagerly asked.

His face darkened, as if all light had been snuffed out of his soul.

"No." he said simply, his voice as cold as an arctic breeze as he stared down the student. "I will only say one thing on the topic of Dark Lords of Grindelwald's calibre. Avoid fighting them at all costs." He said with heavy severity and, with penetrating eyes, he looked at every student

"There is a reason why, throughout history, it took an Archmage to defeat an Archmage and unless you're one yourself, you'll at best be left incapacitated in short order and at worst given a fate worse than death." He said with ominous undertones to his words and it seemed to have worked as all other hands dropped.

"Now" he said finally after a moment's of uneasy silence and weaved his wand around and begin the lecture "Ludwig Von Hosenheim once said…"

Two and a half hours later he left his classroom and proceeded to walk through the halls of the Sheshet Institute of Magic and Science. He nodded and smiled at the students that walked past him though his attentions were elsewhere.

Almost half way through his 'prison sentence' now. He could scarcely believe how things had changed since that fateful day he battled against Grindelwald.

He allowed a small soft smile to come across his face as he walked down the steps that lead to a small outcrop of buildings built adjacent to the Institute itself.

He was now a world renowned Professor with Masteries in Defence, in Dark Arts and in Combat Magic, colleagues if not friends with other renowned professors who'd written many of the books he'd read in his youth.

It was a stark difference to how he'd been viewed for so many years, as an assassin in the dark who was an 'abomination' of nature given his stable obscurus nature. An abomination who was Grindelwald's personal attack dog he sent after his enemies, a duty that Credence had accepted more often than not.

It was undeserved, this dramatic shift in public perception, he knew.

He did terrible things during his time with Grindelwald, things that he knew would damn him should the afterlife exist but he had found his way of penance by teaching those people how to survive and how to be better than he was.

It was true, his very soul resonated with that belief and that is what he told the ICW when they 'changed' their stance and offered to pardon him in exchange of him joining the ICW on a salary that was nearly ten times more than what he was paid here which was already excellent.

Even if he did not believe his job to be what he needed to do to make up for the crimes he'd committed, he'd still refuse the ICW.

He had not forgotten the betrayal by the ICW when they told him they would not hold themselves to the agreement that had been marked out, eager to point out that the conditions of the agreement had not been met with when he defeated Grindelwald.

The bitterness of that betrayal that had once threatened to consume him so long ago may have been washed away but its vestiges would long remain.

He shook his head. Anyway, he knew why they wanted him to join, it was obvious to anyone with a smidgen of sense.

Powerful wizards, especially those who had fought with distinction had been specifically recruited by the ICW in the aftermath of the war. Even those whom had fought for Grindelwald had their sentences commuted as long as they fought for the ICW banners.

At one point it looked as if another war may well happen only a few short years after the Grindelwald war…against the very man who defeated him.

Luckily for them all, cooler heads prevailed as several Ministries demanded a peaceful solution lest it escalate into something none of them wanted and eventually a solution of a sort was reached, one that led to his exile, an exile that was joined thousands of others, something he knew worried many people in power who had profited from that family's downfall in Europe.

He knew of the rumours…of the whispers that persisted he was training his army to take revenge. If they had known him at all, they would have known he would not have left in the first place if he sought revenge.

In any case, it had been a miserable affair, one that left him guilty that he had not been able to help when he'd done much for him.

He remembered his last conversation with him, when he told him that things would turn out alright.

He hoped so and he hoped that he was at peace.

He shook his head, remembering the poisonous offer the ICW had given him.

As if he would turn against the man who aided him in his greatest desire.

No…

He was done going against his morality and his sense of right and wrong. Especially when it came to those who had come to see as friends.

A little while later he walked down the steps towards the buildings that were built on land extracted from the sea as he glanced at the familiar colours of the sunset.

When the war ended, SIMS had grown tremendously in size as people from everywhere wanted to attend the school that the Flamels were in charge of, the school that he built with them.

All over people sent applications to SIMS, to the point that they had to refuse over 60% of the applications despite meeting the requirements.

He arrived at his destination, a small building where a crowd of people stood by for the same reason he was there.

"Professor" some of them greeted whilst others nodded to him before proceeding to wait.

Soon enough the bell rang and a small smile crept on his face. "One…two…three…" he counted down and soon enough a stampede headed towards them.

Bobbing heads pulling oversized bags rushed towards the crowd of people as they chattered excitedly with their fellow pint sized friends.

"Papa!" he heard the familiar childish voice and his head swivelled towards the voice. His smile widened as his eyes softened.

She ran towards him, her long wavy black hair swaying left and right as she ran.

She crashed into him "Ooof" he breathed out exaggeratingly, staggering backwards as he did so. "You almost made me fall" he said dramatically as he looked down at his daughter.

She giggled as she looked up, her face cutely twisting up at his dramatics "Stop pretending Papa" she said as she raised her arms imperiously and expectantly.

He arched an eyebrow at this act "You almost made me fall and now you want me to give you a lift?" he asked of his daughter.

"Yes!" she exclaimed emphatically, her wide black eyes staring up at him "Please…?" she pleaded as she practically hopped on her feet, using those weapons she called as eyes to bend him to her will.

He was a Defence Master with specialities in the Dark Arts yet as soon as he was confronted by his adorable five year old daughter, he was putty and useless.

"Alright" he said with a chuckle as he lifted her much to her joy and victory.

"Thanks Papa!" she said delighted as he set her on his shoulders and she clung onto his hair.

"So tell me, my naughty Nora" he began with a smile but she cut him off, knowing she would do so.

"I'm not naughty, I'm good!" she protested "I even won the spelling bee today!" she said triumphantly as she fumbled inside of her pocket before she waved it, a golden star, victoriously in his face "See!"

"Well done" he praised as he took the golden star from her hand. "Your mother will be very happy" he told her and she began her long tale of how she was the bestest in class as they went on their journey home.

They arrived at their spacious apartment home in a secluded part of the Institute, one reserved for families of professors and researchers, and with a loud yell Nora signalled their arrival

"Mama!" she shouted as he lifted her back onto the ground and just as he set her down, she ran into the home, leaving him behind. "I have something to shooow you!" she shouted happily.

His lips twitched as he shook his head "Where does she get the energy?" he wondered aloud before he broke into soft chuckles and followed his daughter towards her mother.

He walked through the living room, then towards the kitchen and was met with his daughter regaling the story of how she won the spelling bee to her mother.

Her mother who seemed bemused by the vivid and boisterous explanation she was gifted with.

"…and then we had to spell tortoise. T O R T O I S E" Nora spelled out confidently and with a proud look on her face, one that shifted away as smugness overtook her. "David didn't know how to get it right at all" she said happily and he could see Nagini struggling not to laugh at their daughter's delight of getting one over her 'rival'.

"OK, little championne" Nagini said as she led Nora out of the kitchen, their gaze meeting as she did so. Nagini rolled her eyes amusedly and he mouthed to her 'so like you' and she stuck out her tongue childishly before she looked down to their daughter.

"Time for a bath and then dinner." Nagini said and Nora whined but Nagini cut her off "You'll get an extra serving of Mousse if you behave." Nora stopped her fussing and she eyed Nagini with a look she most definitely inherited from Nagini

"Three cups of Mousse? One extra for winning the bee and 'nother for being extra good?" Nora asked innocently with those weaponised eyes. Nagini laughed out loud and grabbed Nora and tickled her.

"So so espiègle, you are" Nagini said amongst laughter of their daughter as she led her away to the bathroom.

Hours later, after they had dinner and after they put Nora to bed, they were sitting in the living room.

The fire crackled softly in the background as he sat in his chair, reading and marking a few papers from his students.

Nagini hummed softly, breaking him out of his thoughts and he glanced up from behind his glasses.

He smiled softly as he watched her perched over a crossword puzzle, the end of the pencil in her mouth as she frowned in consternation.

"Trouble?" he voiced out, drawing her away from the crossword puzzle she was having difficulties with.

She looked at him and sighed despondently as she leaned back on the soft, crumbling as she did so. "Yes…" she said defeated. "I can't seem to think on what it might be."

He set aside the papers and his quill and walked up towards her and sat down next to her. She leaned against him until her head was placed against his chest as he picked up the crossword puzzle.

He frowned as he stared at it for a moment. "I'm sorry dear, my Russian is at best terrible" he said as he looked at the Cyrillic words and letters. She'd gotten so good at crossword puzzles that French and English puzzles didn't stimulate her anymore.

She'd expanded towards German, Russian and even Dutch though she called it Flemish German which he hoped she wouldn't repeat to any Dutch people.

"It's fine" she dismissed as she pulled him back onto the sofa, pinning him back as she rested against his shoulder and chest as she sprawled herself out.

"I'll get it tomorrow when I'm fresh" she said in a tired voice as he played with her hair, letting her silken soft hair fall between his fingers.

"Long day?" he questioned softly as he moved to stroke her hair gently.

She hummed affirmatively "Yes…" she said with a sigh "Most of them won't turn out to be Animagi, not in the conventional way" she said in disappointment as she moved her head onto his lap and closed her eyes in a tired fashion.

He thought that over for a little while before he responded "Shouldn't that be fine?" he asked her carefully. "At least they become Animagi, right?"

"It is fine but it is also not fine." she said crinkling her face even as her eyes laid closed. "The new way is not representative of their inner animal. At best they can turn into the animal group of what they could have become had they been more disciplined and capable. It is disappointing" She said in distaste, the familiar compliant voiced out to him.

The Transfiguration department at the Seshet Institute of Magic and Science, SIMS, had managed to find out an easier, safer way to become animagi. A discovery amongst many other discoveries though that one was attention grabbing.

The method was not publicised but it was available for anyone who enrolled at SIMS, something that contributed to number of applicants to the school.

Unfortunately, however, the method was very imprecise when it came to connecting to their inner animal.

Animagi was purported to be representative of animal form of who you were and this method almost…butchered that aspect. It was through disassembling the arithmancy of animal shifting of a certain tribe in North America and what the Flamels had learnt of the curse that once afflicted Nagini that this method of animagi was found though that was the extent of what he knew.

"I'll just have to try harder to get them to reach their inner animal" she said with a sigh.

"I'm sure you'll get them to wait and try harder." He soothed her and she hummed in a pleased tone at his comment.

The Flamels with his help figured out the origin of Nagini's curse and had changed the curse into something else, something that no longer could be considered a curse.

The origin of Nagini's curse came from a failed ritual that attempted to bind Nagini's ancestor to the form of a Boa constrictor. The motivations would forever remain unknown, much of what Nagini knew was only hearsay passed down the generations but it was probably because of a slight the castor had felt.

The ritual lacked the preciseness and power to change Nagini's ancestor but it did have the strength to eventually turn all of her blood, eventually, into Boa constrictors permanently.

It had been tied to life force and as women of Nagini's blood aged, the curse would grow stronger as life force waned.

What they had done to the curse was turn it inside out and instead of it being a curse that eventually permanently turned them into serpents, it became a bloodline gift, one that would forever allow those of Nagini's bloodline to become Boa constrictor animagi.

Curiously they would always understand parseltongue even in human form though they could not speak it unless they were in their animagi forms.

The day they turned the curse into a gift was still the second most happiest day he'd ever had, only slightly behind the day he'd held his new born daughter in his arms.

"What?" she asked quizzically startling him out of his thoughts. He gazed down and say her staring at him. "You had a goofy smile on your face." She said softly, studying him intently.

He only smiled softly at her, brushing her silken hair behind her ear. "Nothing. Just…" he said as he trailed the back of his hand softly across her cheek "Life is good." He whispered to her and she closed her eyes with a pleased smile on her face as she hummed contently.

Yes…

Life was good.


-----------------Break-----------------​


Shinji Hirohito POV

He walked silently through the halls of the Seiwa Genio estate, the home of the patriarch of the clan that had, until almost seven years ago, been the Emperor's voice in Magical Japan.

His eyes drifted to his left, giving a glancing look at his escorts as he treads on the raised ground of the estate, his silent footsteps accompanied by another few sets of footsteps that were as silent as his own.

They were clad in traditional clothing, their arms free and hanging by the sides of their body, their body relaxed and primed to attack at a moment's notice.

He looked away, directly ahead, his thoughts returning to why he was here. The sliding doors were all closed and gave the long hallway he was walking through a strange sense of foreboding.

In the wake of Japan's defeat to the Americans, the Emperor had almost been indicted as a war criminal by the foreign non-magicals but they had been…persuaded not to by the American Douglas MacArthur.

A persuasion the magical clans helped along.

Though…

It seemed it did them little good, to aid the Emperor.

A few weeks after the Emperor surrendered to the foreigners, he had called upon Ieyasu Seiwa Genio, the present patriarch of the clan, to the Imperial court.

He had not received him warmly.

He seemed to hold the magical families of Japan responsible, at least in part, for the Empire's destruction.

Before the war broke out in Europe, they had negotiated an alliance with Grindelwald and with Hitler, one that would tie both sets of worlds together in the coming conflict even if both sides had desired different conclusions to the war.

Grindelwald used Hitler as a medium for his eventual plans of setting up a new world order in Europe whilst the magical families of Japan wanted to return to the fold in Japanese society without the Statute of Secrecy active, influencing the Empire as they once done so in the many centuries before the 18th​ Century.

The Emperor had blamed them for not providing enough support whilst at the same time claiming the alliance with the Germans were what destroyed the Empire, an alliance they had initially negotiated on Japan's behalf, one that would split the world into two; Asia ruled by Japan with Europe, Africa and the Middle East belonging to Germany though in reality it would have been Grindelwald eventually.

Given the embargoes that had been levied against Japan by the Western non-magicals, embargoes that choked it of vital resources it needed, war would have been inevitable even if it should not have taken in the form that it did.

It had not been this alliance, defunct as it may have been, that destroyed any of the dreams of the Japanese elites, no, what had put Japan in this situation was the rash, reckless decision to attack Pearl Harbour that did that though such arguments had not been made and would not be made to the Emperor.

The emperor had retracted the titles and rights the Geiwa Genio clan had been granted when the Statue had been enacted, to act as the voice and representation of the Chrysanthemum Throne in Magical Japan, an insult that had wide repercussions in their world.

The Seiwa Genio clan were not just the Emperor's voice, there were amongst the oldest branches of Houses descendent from the Imperial House of Japan. They ruled effectively as Shoguns of Magical Japan even if they had a Ministry.

Given what their people had done on behalf of the Emperor in China, waging war against the Chinese mages whilst at the same time sweeping entire towns and villages in Manchuria of any form of life with no mercy and with no honour in defiance to the harshest laws that bound the Magical World, it was a grave insult that all of the ruling families of Magical Japan felt slighted by.

How could they not?

There were few societies in the magical world that retained their loyalty to their monarch and those that did only paid lip service to their monarch.

Not the magical families of Japan. No, they'd proven their loyalties countless times yet once more it was in vain.

There were still bloodlines in Magical Japan that could trace their loyalty millennia back to Jimmu himself, a man who united the constant feuding kingdoms of Honshu into a singular Kingdom, later became a dynasty that united all of Japan.

When clans feuded and controlled the Chrysanthemum throne through regency and concubines, the magical families had remained loyal to the Throne and aided the Emperor every time one of them had asked of them.

Unfortunately, it had become a practice to deliberately make the Emperor ignorant and from finding out he had magical subjects and to limit their influence and strength within Magical Japan with the Fujiwara clan having been the most successful in that method over the centuries.

Only during the Sengoku era, had they regained much of their lost influence over the centuries and their loyalty to the Emperor richly rewarded though it was at a cost.

Magical clans were pitted against each other as each supported different Daimyos or were Daimyos themselves just as the Seiwa Genio clan had been. The blood shed during that era had weakened Magical Japan as the population was reduced but it had been worth for their kind given the influence they had won at the end.

When the Sengoku era had ended, they had gained power within Japan unlike any other era yet once more they had lost what they had rightfully won with great degree of bloodshed when the Statute of Secrecy had been forced onto them, the eventual cause that would lead them to this present situation.

A situation where all of what their clans, their ancestors had fought for…was lost, the emperor having decided in November 1945 to effectively cut all ties with Magical Japan with his dismissal of Ieyasu Seiwa Genio and choosing to leave the position vacant, a deliberate message that spoke volumes of how much Magical Japan mattered to the Emperor.

A humiliation that he knew burned deep in the hearts of many. He had heard utterings from the younger members of his clan that questioned why they had even been loyal to the Chrysanthemum Throne given his nature as a muggle.

He arrived at the sliding door he was being led to, a servant who stood by bowed to him before gesturing towards the door.

Hirahito spared the servant no further attention and he slid open the washi screen and stepped into the room with slow fluid steps. Ieyasu-sama was seated in front of a raised matted flooring and he walked towards him.

He sunk to the tatami floor to and sat on his legs opposite his host who was in the midst of watching water boil in a kettle above a small fire that was beside him with the utensils of the tea ceremony carefully arraigned in the most appropriate and precise fashion.

"Ieyasu-sama" Hirahito intoned respectfully as he bowed deeply, so deeply that his head hovered but a few inches from the ground.

Though the Hirahito clan was noble and old themselves, they did not compare to the Seiwa Genio.

The Seiwa Genio clan were descendant from the Minamoto clan, just as the Hirahito clan was but they were also direct descendants of one of the sons of Emperor Tenji himself, before it became forbidden for male heirs of the throne to marry witches in the 7th​ century.

Had history been different, they might have become the Imperial House of Magical Japan.

"Shinji-san" Ieyasu began, his voice soft but held commanding strength that came with his heritage and he raised his head, stopping his bow.

Ieyasu-sama was a small elderly man with grey white hair and wrinkled skin though still dignified. He was a hundred and ninety eight years old and has been leading his clan – and Magical Japan – for more than a century. He was synonymous with modern Magical Japan.

Ieyasu-sama lifted the kettle from the fire and placed it on a small mat with patience and precision. He picked up a black towel, laid it across his hands and picked up the kettle before pouring it in the black tea bowl.

Hirahito watched in silence, his attentions fully focused on the ceremony as Ieyasu-sama performed it with expected beauty and discipline.

The tea bowl was emptied of the boiling water before a white towel was picked up and the tea bowl cleaned with tranquil calm, each movement done with Zen discipline.

The tea ceremony remained significant in Japan, something that was popularised during the Sengoku era. Today, such ceremonies were done to honour guests and…and to prepare oneself and their guests for difficult conversations.

He glanced to his left and saw a scroll hanging on the wall, a scroll that had a poem that fitted with the season of summer. A poem that spoke of fleeting days.

Ieyasu-sama finished drying the tea bowl and he began to prepare the Macha tea, lifting out the powdered tea from the tea jar with a bamboo tea spoon he knew was crafted by a famous 14th​ Century Seiwa Genio Daimyo.

Finally, after the fourth spoon of powdered tea, he set the spoon aside back in its designated location though not before it was hit against the rim of the tea bowl, to flick away any errant water but also to deliberately enhance the ceremony with its sound.

Not a single part of the ceremony is left by chance, all of it was prepared and planned for before, from the location of the utensils, to the sounds that was created, everything.

The hovering presence of death and the ever reminders of senseless destruction had made the tea ceremony one of the most significant and valued pass times, its Zen principles allowed the individual to isolate himself from the overwhelming reality for brief moments, allowing him to the time and tranquillity he'd need to meet the challenges set before him.

The tea is stirred with precise motions and Ieyasu-sama turned the most beautiful surface of the tea bowl towards him before he set it beside him.

The state of mind prescribed as the goal of the tea ceremony were harmony, respect, purity and stillness. Difficult states to attain in this frenzied world, especially in these troubled times but nonetheless a sublime preparation for difficult situations.

Hirahito leaned forward, remaining seated as he did so and grabbed the bowl of tea with both hands. He set the tea down in front of him underneath a silken cloth before setting himself right again in his seat. He picked up the tea with a prepared black silk cloth, halfway in the air and then bowed to his host before sitting straight upright and drank the tea.

It was prepared to perfection, the lively taste of the small amounts of zesty infusions of citrus added to the fresh taste of the macha tea, a freshness that was purifying.

"How is the tea?" Ieyasu-sama asked in a tranquil voice.

Hirahito bowed deeply once more, his hands that held the tea bowl outstretched in front of him "Perfection" he said in a reverent tone before he was upright again and drank the rest of his tea and set the tea bowl aside, back on the silken cloth.

Ieyasu-sama looked pleased and bowed his head slightly to Hirahito before a serious expression crossed his face, marking the end of the ceremony.

"I received an interesting invitation" Ieyasu-sama mused aloud once the ceremony was over, his black eyes intently staring at Hirahito "A former comrade of yours, one that is as famous as he is infamous."

"Atticus Sayre-san" Hirahito stated surprised, the lack of noble title sounding strange on his tongue before a thoughtful expression crossed his face.

"An invitation?" he questioned.

Ieyasu-sama hummed affirmatively. "Just an invitation though I doubt it is just to meet him at wherever he has disappeared to."

"You believe that he might call in the debt we owe him?" Hirahito said grimly.

Ieyasu eyed him before he spoke "It is possible though I have a suspicion that what may be asked may not be a simple thing."

"You fear that he might ask for aid against the ICW." Hirahito surmised. It was a concern he also had.

It was not as if relations couldn't get any worse with the ICW but it was a conflict that they did not need nor want.

Magical Japan was not popular with the ICW and the rest of the magical world, not after the Chinese Confederation of Magicals had brought proof of their acts in China, proof that incontrovertibly proved their dishonourable acts in Manchuria and their acts against the CCM.

Their wrongful acts against the CCM had soured relations with most nations in Asia as fears of a repeat of what happened to Magical Korea seemed to come back to life.

The other nations believed they were a belligerent, intent on dominating the rest of Asia like what had happened many centuries ago and which ended in the destruction of most of Korea's native magicals.

It was not true and most of their acts against the Chinese mages were simply to ensure they did not interfere in Manchuria, going out of their way to ensure they did not kill any magicals but it seemed to have been for naught as relationships with the rest of Asia withered away only deepening the economic strain on Magical Japan as a result of the penalties the ICW levied on them as 'punishment' for their crimes.

A punishment that was opportunistic rather than it being righteous, one that continued to refill the coffers of the ICW that had become empty in the wake of the war in Europe and something they seized upon by levying heavy penalties on them for their acts against the non-magicals in Manchuria.

The penalties were something they could not get out of, not when the consequences of their acts in Manchuria was still felt at present even if most member states of the ICW did not care for the death of the non-magicals.

The Chinese Communist Party was removing much of the magical population of China out of their native home regions and cities, even going as far as destroying entire magical villages in their quest of consolidation of power and misguided retribution.

The ICW was intervening, using large amounts of resources to obliviate and preserve the Statute of Secrecy but it would take time given the population of China and the pervasiveness of the Communist party in China.

Thankfully the Chinese Mages had managed to secure an embargo of outgoing information out of China so it would only be a matter of time before the Statute was preserved.

Such good news would do little to improve Japan's standing or their tattered reputation.

And if they were caught consorting with an enemy the ICW had personally seen to hound out of his homeland…

"Perhaps" Ieyasu said, seemingly meaning more than what he had said. "Nonetheless, I intend accept his invitation and I will be sending you and three other delegates to represent Magical Japan."

Hirahito's eyes widened before he bowed once more "I am unworthy to represent Magical Japan, Ieyasu-sama"

"You are more than worthy, Shinzo-san. Your actions in the war regained some of the honour of Japan lost in the duplicity of Grindelwald and you did our people a great service by ensuring the evacuation of hundreds of families out of Hiroshima and Nagasaki before the foreign non-magicals destroyed the cities with their bombs." Ieyasu-sama said in a calming voice.

The praise swelled Hirahito's heart with pride.

Hirahito raised his head and looked at Ieyasu "I accept the mission, Ieyasu-sama"

Ieyasu nodded approvingly. "Good. You may negotiate with Sayre-san within a certain limit which will be defined with the delegates you'll meet shortly."

Hirahito hesitated for a moment before he asked "Is alliance on the table? Or the pretences of one?" Hirahito asked.

Ieyasu-sama eyed him in a way that beckoned Hirahito to continued "What I mean is…" Hirahito sighed slightly disliking what he was suggesting "We know that the ICW is keen on obtaining his whereabouts." He met Ieyasu-sama's gaze "We could relay whatever information we obtain to the ICW in exchange for the elimination of the remaining penalties."

It was dishonourable, he knew especially given they owed a debt to Atticus Sayre but the prosperity of Magical Japan came before honour.

Ieyasu-sama remained silent for a moment until he glanced up, meeting Hirahito's gaze.

"When he visited Japan six years ago with his wife, they left an impression" Ieyasu-sama said, his voice calm "An impression that marked him and his wife as two people who are amongst the very rare." Ieyasu-sama said, his eyes looking past Hirahito as he seemed to recollect the meetings he had with them. "Two people who are and will be so consequential that they will likely have eras named after them"

He'd heard that they'd met up with Ieyasus-sama though he did not know what they might have consisted. They must have left an incredible impression on him if he was saying such things about them.

Ieyasu-sama continued "Before that point I had heard many things about the man's capabilities…"

Ieyasu-sama stared at Hirahito for a moment "Seen the kind of strength he holds and the once a millennium talent he is." Ieyasu said calmly, his eyes slightly distant, likely recalling the moment he'd seen some of the memories Hirahito had been able to provide him of Sayre's capabilities.

"And I had seen and heard his ability to inspire and draw people to himself through charisma, kindness and by being veracious, all of which eventually convinced thousands of magicals to leave with him over choosing the safety of what they knew." Ieyasu-sama said, his voice tranquil as he paused for a brief second.

"Conversely…I had also been kept apprised of the notions that he is also ambitious, aiming to bring forth his version of the world through any means necessary without respect and consideration of the wishes of others. That he is the same as the man he defeated who had wished to bring ruin to our world only to reforge it his image." Ieyasu-sama paused again, a light frown adorned on his face.

"From the meetings I had with him, he is most certainly one and the same." Ieyasu raised the bamboo tea spoon, balancing it on his index finger.

"He is a man who rightly earned the adulation of the Magical World and he is also a man the Magical World rightfully should fear." The tea spoon began to lean to one, almost seeming as it would fall before Ieyasu-sama balanced it again though it began to lean in the other side.

"And his wife…" he stared at the tea spoon. "His wife is as dangerous, if not more so than the man himself." Ieyasu-sama said, his voice losing a sense of its tranquillity.

He looked up from the tea spoon and met Hirahito's gaze. "To double cross such a man of duality, a man tied to destiny itself is to invite ruin."

Hirahito bowed his head in acceptance. He did not expect Ieyasu-sama to be anything other than wise though…he wondered internally at what the elderly man said.

Tied to destiny…?

Did Ieyasu-sama also believe Sayre was a Seer?

It was a conclusion that he knew many had reached, himself included and likely contributed to ICW's behaviour towards the man.

Seers of significant talent were rarely left alone and when someone of Sayre's calibre had such talents…

Ieyasu-sama continued "Conversely…an alliance with this man of duality" drawing his attentions as Ieyasu-sama paused momentarily as the tea spoon was perilously unbalanced

"Is not to be considered lightly." The tea spoon fell onto the matted floor. Ieyasu black eyes grew harder, sterner "Especially when it means joining in an alliance with his wife who is equally once a millennium talent and is far more ambitious and far less innocent in her intentions."

"You don't believe the break is true?" Hirahito questioned Ieyasu-sama. He didn't believe it either, not really. In truth he did not understand much of what had transpired in Europe in his absence.

It seemed…sudden, the way it had all fallen apart for Atticus Sayre.

The way the Ministries had acted, the way the ICW had intervened…the man he had known would never have allowed it to happen and likely would have fought a war against them all and won.

And from what he heard of Lady Slytherin and her influence in British Politics, he doubted she would have let it transpire without a fight. Yet she did and emerged all the more stronger for it.

The thoughts of her betraying Sayre had crept into his mind more than once in order to gain power, something that many seemed to think is what happened, but he did not think Sayre could have been blind enough to let her do it.

Though…

Love did make even the wisest of men become blind and stupid.

Ieyasu-sama only smiled though there was something in his expression "Two bodies, same heart" he only said, his voice certain, as if he was speaking about the certainty of the sun rising at dawn.

"I see." Hirahito said with raised eyebrows wondering what the deception of the Sayre-Slytherin clan meant.

"You may not agree to an alliance but you must not deny one either." Ieyasu-sama looked at him keenly, bringing them back to the topic.

"What transpired in his native land is far from obvious, Shinji-san" Ieyasu-sama intoned, his old eyes seemed to bore into him. "You have fought with him and you have interacted with the man more than any other from amongst our people. You are best suited to determine if he and his plans are of benefit to Japan."

Ieyasu-sama poured himself and Hirahito a bowl of tea and gestured Hirahito to drink as he lifted his own bowl.

"If we're lucky, he'll fall to the side we wish him to fall and that version of the man is one that we could call ally if not friend." Ieyasu-sama hummed pleasantly as he drank his tea before he continued, eying Hirahito intently "It is likely something he will wish for, having started the beginnings of this alliance back when he gave you the information to save hundreds of our people"

Hirahito nodded grimly. It didn't surprise him Ieyasu-sama thought so. "What if he falls to the other side?" 'What if he is exactly like Grindelwald instead of a herald of great change for the better'

Ieyasu-sama spoke with grim undertones "In such a case, I fear he may be much worse than what the ICW fears him to be with a woman at his back who would be all too willing to scorch the very earth in order achieve their goals." Ieyasu-sama finally concluded and he left not after, his mind wracked with what had been discussed.

Days later, they took the restricted portkey that had been supplied from the Japanese Ministry's Port of International Departure and with a long twisting journey, they arrived at their destination.

He kept the surprise off of his face as he glanced around. It was enormous, this…plaza.

The plaza was made out of silver grey polished stone that were pristine, tall square pillars held up a domed roof that had several arched windows that let in all of the light that illuminated the place.

He could see several booths that seemed reminiscent of fireplaces – though there were a few that had strange black stone rings – likely destination ports for international floo travel yet it was quite obvious that it was not operational which didn't surprise him.

In front of them were half a dozen people, the man most familiar to him was dressed in strange clothing that was very different to the robes that most other peoples wore in western magical society. It was minimalistic, beige in colour with black linings down the side though he wasn't sure what it was made out of it. It seemed to be soft though what he knew of Parelius Parkinson it was likely capable of protecting against the majority of the darkest cutting curses around.

The other five however…

They wore a strange silver white armour that he'd only seen once before, years after the war. It seemed like he managed to improve upon it given that it seemed like liquid metal.

It likely was incredibly spell resistant and he doubted they'd be able to overpower them if Sayre had trained them as well as he had the Knights of Mimpost.

It made him re-evaluate what the purpose of this…terminal was, especially given that there was no other sign of people.

« Impressive. » Shinzo Takenaka voiced out in Japanese as their welcoming party began to approach them. « It is more respectable than the many Ministry buildings we've been to before. »

« The lack of excessive use of gold and distasteful statues is certainly a surprise » Sukene Aya enthused « I had not expected such humility from Westerners »

« Do not expect him to be the same as the other Europeans » Hirahito warned his countrymen. « He is far from...typical » he told them, memories of the man's prowess in magic and his ability to draw swathes of men towards him playing at the forefronts of his mind.

« And it is that oddity that led to his exile from his homeland. » Taneko Ozutsuki reminded him needlessly

« Do not let your history with the man blind you. » Taneko Ozutsuki, the eldest man amongst them said calmly « We are only here to find out how we can honour a debt our people owe him but that does not mean we stand with him. There can be no alliance with him so long as he is hunted by powerful factions. »

They were here far more than just to settle a debt he thought to himself.

Ieyasu-sama had not divulged to the other delegates what he might be open to should Sayre prove to be much more.

They fell silent as their welcoming party approached them.

"Welcome" Parelius Parkinson began in his classic monotone voice "to Belva Hallos Port Terminal" as he bowed his head slightly and looked at Hirahito for a while longer before he looked to the other delegates. "I am Parelius Parkinson and I will be escorting you to your meeting with Lord Sayre."

The other delegates glanced at each other, thinking the same thing. Atticus Sayre had given up his noble titles when he'd relinquished his family ties to the British Isles.

If they were calling him Lord Sayre without him being a noble anymore…

Surely that could only mean that it was an honorific, one that was gifted.

One that held meaning in the magical world and given the way he had departed from the wider world with thousands of magicals…

The tense posture of his fellow delegates was understandable.

"…I see." Hirahito spoke up and inclined his head towards Parkinson respectfully. "It is good to see you again, Parkinson-san."

Parkinson's expression didn't change though he nodded "Likewise. It's been a few years" he simply stated though there was a hint of curiosity in his voice.

It was likely Parkinson was curious how much influence he'd gained when he'd returned to Japan seven years ago.

Before he'd left, he'd remained in Europe for a number of years after the war and had continued to build relationships with those he had fought alongside with, with families such as the House of Delacour.

Something that had proven vital once he'd hastily returned to Japan, armed with news that saved hundreds of his fellow magicals and eventually caused him to rise to prominence within society and with him, his clan. The relationships he'd built with European nobility had resulted in trade to flourish, much of it through clan Hirahito.

"It has." Hirahito acknowledged before he gestured to his fellow delegates.

"The delegates with me today are Takenaka Shinzo-san, of the clan Takenaka, Aya Sukene-san of the clan Aya and finally Ozutsuki Taneko-san of the clan Ozutsuki." Hirahito introduced to Parkinson.

Parkinson nodded to each delegate before his gaze met with Hirahito again "I will be taking you on a short tour of Illos before we meet with Lord Sayre." He paused for a moment as his eyes fell to their hands before flickering to theirs.

"You may keep your wands but they must be kept holstered." Parkinson said once more in his emotionless voice before he spoke again "Any aggressive action will be dealt with without mercy" he said, this time hints of menace were clear to hear.

Before any of the other delegates could speak up, he agreed "Yes, we agree" he said with a glance to the others "We will not wield our wands unless threatened." He said, his eyes demanding agreement from his fellow delegates who gave affirmative nods even if they were unhappy.

He met Parkinson gaze who only stared for a moment before he nodded slightly, agreeing to the terms.

"Please follow me" Parkinson said as he turned on his heels and walked forward. He and the other delegates followed, the…guards seemingly in standard formation either side and behind them.

He internally frowned for a brief second.

Illos…

He had never heard of that name before.

The communication from representatives of Atticus Sayre had…hinted towards a new home but never named the place. The invitation had been…vague and offered little information as to what might be expected.

"You said you'll take us on a tour?" Sukene Aya questioned.

Parkinson glanced at the man and nodded "Yes. Lord Sayre will take an hour or so before he is ready to meet with you and so it's been decided to take you on a…short tour" he said before facing the front.

They eventually reached a wide set of stairs that lead towards the wide exit doors. The sounds of wind whistling were obvious to hear and he allowed a small frown to form on his face.

They descended down the set of stairs and walked through the exits and his eyes widened, only widening more and more as they stepped towards the windy surroundings, his head swivelling from one side to another as he took everything in.

He walked further ahead, past Parkinson towards the very ledge.

« This is…» Shinzo Takenaka exclaimed from behind him, in an astonished breath.

It was an expression of shock that they all felt.

His eyes glanced over the ledge before looking at the sides of this building they were stood upon.

"W-Where are we?" Shinzo Takenaka asked in bewilderment, having joined him at the ledge.

"At Belva Hallos Port Terminal." Parkinson supplied calmly, drawing Hirahito's attention away from the scenery before him. Parkinson had that same glint of amusement in his eyes when he had gotten Longbottom with something.

Taneko Ozutsuki spoke up next "You said you'd take us on a tour of Illos…" Taneko said with a tight voice, his eyes flittering between Parkinson and the surrounding landscape "What is exactly is Illos?" he finally asked, his voice grave, devoid of levity as he stared at the landscape.

From where they stood, in what seemed to be several kilometres up from the ground, they could see the entirety of the land before them.

Greenery and forestry dotted the hilly rocky lands with rich green plains interspersed between those lands, rivers snaked in great numbers with a large body of water to the east. There were buildings, few they may be, all around the lush lands they could see. In the distance they could see tall buildings that suggested that it might be the primary settlement.

At the very end of where they could see, there stood a mountain that even from this distance could be seen, its snow capped top stood imperiously amongst the smaller outcrop of mountains that seemed to curve around.

Curving along the contours of something he could not explain, did not know how to explain.

He looked behind him, back towards the building from where they'd walked out and his eyes drifted upward.

Grey silver metal greeted his eyes, higher and more daunting than he could have imagined.

All around them, the same grey silver metal was there, like an ever present poltergeist that lingered and gnawed at your senses and sanity. It enveloped the place they were at utterly and completely.

The connotations that it represented…

"Illos is the home of thousands of magicals, ourselves included" Parkinson answered, his voice calm before his eyes seemed bore to into Taneko "Built by Lord Sayre and his wife themselves." He added, his eyes assessing as the news dawned on them all, confirming his own suspicions.

« Impossible » Sukene Aya whispered disbelieving eyes wide at the proclamation.

« No people could have built this so soon, let alone two individual people » Shinzo Takenaka denied.

"What do you mean built?" Taneko Ozutsuki asked, his voice somewhat terse. "You can't mean to suggest that this…" he gestured towards the lands below them. "Is artificial."

Parkinson's eyes were alight with something that Hirahito could not recognise "I wouldn't say artificial but rather magically built."

"Is this is a spatially expanded location?" Shinzo Takenaka asked.

Parkinson's eyes flickered to him "No. All that you see is all land that has not been expanded in any capacity" Parkinson said and turned from him, signalling his end of answering questions on the technicalities of this…place.

He knew to believe the words of their…hosts at face value was foolish but he did not see the point of them lying about this if only for the fact they were expelling a lot of effort to show this place off. There was value and power in truth.

Hirahito glanced at Taneko and met his eyes, grim communication passing through them.

This was unlike anything they could have expected. Throughout history there had been plenty of magical lands though rarely had they ever created such as this if they were telling the truth.

The only one that came to mind was the legend of Queen Himiko, the ancient monarch of the now lost kingdom of Yamatai. She was rumoured to have built the island of Yamatai and it had taken decades of war, a war his ancestors had been a part of, to defeat her.

It was claimed she could control the weather and was capable of generating great storms that could wash away entire landmasses with her overwhelming shamanistic powers. Only through the combined powers of legendary heroes of the age had she been defeated and even then the island of Yamatai had been lost in the wake of her defeat, forever lost to the world through a form of magic that to this day was unknown.

It was a terrifying notion that Sayre was capable of replicating such a feat and from the scale of this place…

He may well have surpassed Himiko as he stared at the three orbs of light that hung in the air.

Where were they? He wondered.

If this place was in and among the world, then where was it? Surely some monitoring branch of Ministries around the world, if not the ICW itself would have known if thousands of square kilometres went missing.

He took the opportunity to glance around and paid more attention to the other things that were present on this…platform.

"This isn't just a portkey and floo terminal is it?" he asked of his former comrade as he glanced at the strange vehicles that were vaguely reminiscent of the air vehicles the military commanded during the war.

"No, it is not" Parkinson confirmed "It is the terminal for all inbound – and outbound – journeys. In a number of ways." Parkinson raised his arm and tapped onto his forearm.

"We'll be taking a skymobile to travel" Parkinson informed them and one of the vehicles began to levitate before it moved towards them.

It was black in colour and seemed to have been formed out of one block of metal with the way it seemed to be seamless.

It settled in front of them and Parkinson gestured them to get in.

They stepped into the vehicle and saw that it was expanded several times, giving them ample space. It could a dozen more people.

« An enchanted air vehicle » Shinzo Takenaka murmured before he glanced at Hirahito « The Emperor had once asked of us to create such things for him but we told him that it would not be possible »

« Of course we told him that » Sukene Aya said in a scornful tone « It is well within our means to have done so but there was little to be gained from doing so. It had been a wise decision not to do, especially after the penalties the ICW had levied onto the German Ministry once they'd discovered what exactly Grindelwald had been doing for the German non-magicals. »

« Yes, the penalties the ICW had levied onto us was already great as a consequence of our actions in China. It would have been crippling had we gone through with enchanting non-magicals equipment and discovered» Taneko Ozutsuki mused to them as the 'skymobile' lifted into the air.

"This…skymobile is an enchanted muggle vehicle?" Hirahito questioned.

Parkinson had been watching their conversation though Hirahito doubted he understood. They had defensive enchantments woven into their clothing that included defence against translation spells. One would need to speak Japanese to understand them.

Of course that did not mean they would say anything overt or damning even if they did not believe anyone would understand.

"No." Parkinson simply said before expanding "It is built entirely by magicals. It is as magical as a broom though it does incorporate non-magical technology."

They remained silent as they flew over the lush lands of this…Illos and the few buildings that the dotted the pristine lands below them. It reminded him of the countryside of Japan, though it was far more untarnished and unblemished by human settlement. To think this might have been created…

« It is concerning. » Taneko Ozutsuki, who said next to him, said in a soft whisper, loud enough for only him to hear as he stared out of the window. « If what he said was true. »

« It is likely untrue for the alternative is too daunting to consider…that they might be the modern incarnation of Izinagi and Izinami » Sukene Aya said in an uncharacteristically concerned tone, one that hinted that he most likely did believe they made this…place.

Hirahito didn't bother answering as he stared at the encroaching city.

It was mesmerising, the tall silver white stoned buildings that shone brightly under the artificial lights, glittering like jewels that were topped with golden statues on the roofs of many domed buildings and pillars.

Clear blue waters of unnatural purity ringed the city as dozens of waterfalls cascaded down.

It was a wonderfully built city even if it was unfinished, a city that he knew no other could rival it, certainly not any muggle cities.

Their kind never had the population to ever seclude themselves away from non-magicals to build an entire city, towns of a few thousand were at most the highest he'd heard off and to see it now…

« It seems they reserved the gold for their city » Sukene Aya murmured.

"This city…" Taneko Ozutsuki began, his countenance stilted "It is incomplete though what has been built suggests tens of thousands of people." He said staring at Parkinson, the obvious question in his words.

Parkinson allowed a facetious smile to cut across his face before he nodded "Celestis is built in anticipation for the population Illos will reach in the coming decades." He told them, the intent of his words were clear.

Celestis…

A name that meant Heavenly in Latin.

He glanced at Taneko and knew that he also understood before he glanced away, his eyes falling on the main building that towered over the rest of the buildings. It was massive, a true citadel that stood imperiously over the rest of the city.

This…

This ciy…this Illos was not built suddenly as a result of aggression to him and his family.

No…

His eyes widened, a memory sprang to the forefront of his mind.

"Above all else, I value creation." Sayre raised his hand and a crystalline structure began to form. Hirahito hid his surprise carefully at this casual display of wandless magic.

"Magic allows for many impossible things to be possible, magic allows for wonders to be created" The crystalline form changed into a miniature city with tall spiral towers.

"It is my passion to create things that will last until the ends of time, or at least as close to it." With a wave, Sayre vanished the crystalline city and turned to Hirahito, his eyes meeting Hirahito's.

"He planned this from the very start…" he whispered, loud enough for most of them to hear and he caught the gaze of Parkinson whose lips curled, his eyes flashing with satisfaction.

"He is Lord of Illos." Hirahito simply stated, his words filled with startling realisation.

"He is." Parkinson confirmed with a sharp smile. "He is Lord Atticus Markus Sayre, Lord of Illos and its people"

The air vehicle was deathly silent, the full depth of what Parkinson had said being contemplated by all of the delegates.

Both he and Ieyasu-sama had…suspected that Sayre might have gone away to build a place somewhere but they had not expected this, at most believing he might have built a settlement somewhere in the world yet this spoke of grander plans, greater plans.

A city built that could house tens of thousands, a land that could house millions.

Tens of thousands if not millions of magicals…

He glanced at the delegates and they all understood their mission suddenly became far more important.

They landed not long after and the tour they went on, short as it turned out to be, revealed much.

The people he'd seen dressed the same way as Parkinson, few as they might have been for a place such as this, all looked to them with suspicious eyes, as if they were a threat to their homes.

It seemed as if the wider Magical World's treatment of Sayre had created a siege like mentality, one where they were all fighting together against an enemy outside of the walls of their castle.

A mentality that would foster a closeness that would be hard to break.

How much of it was natural…how much of it deliberate? He wondered.

He knew that Atticus Sayre was far more calculating than most would ever realise…his wife even more so. The times he'd spent with him and Lady Slytherin had told him enough even if he was far from their inner court.

They had kept contact during his stay in France after the war, often meeting and discussing various philosophical and historical accounts, occasions that he'd looked forward to.

It was rare for foreigners to be interested in the cultures of others and it seemed like both husband and wife were interested all of them.

The Sayres had visited Japan, among many other countries, after the war and had left a certain impression on them all.

One that had stuck to his mind was the eagerness to understand what made Japan…Japan. The interest now seemed to mean…more.

Hirahito had always known that Atticus Sayre was a dangerous man, beyond simply his strength in magic. He had known it from the very moment he'd seen broken men at Genelum suddenly come back to life with but a few words from Sayre as he enthralled them all with the words he spoke, the way he spoke them, all of it contributed to swathes of broken men fighting against the men who had tormenting them, all of them in his name.

It was now clear he was far more dangerous than he had ever imagined.

Perhaps the ICW was right to fear his influence…

The 'Main Tower' was imposing and the insides of it was even grander. The insides of the Tower had high and wide pathways flanked by intricate etched pillars that arched to meet with a domed ceiling.

« Whoever designed this place deserves their weight in silver several times over » Sukene Aya said with a straight face and it was a reaction that they all understood. It was a magnificently designed building.

Parkinson briefly explained that the building was effectively the equivalent of a Ministry building though he did not explain if it was the equivalent of a Ministry.

It was not like he had to, not with what they had learned so far.

These people had all of the tools they needed…land, the wealth of the Sayres and a population even if it was small…for now.

They knew what they were seeing…what they were witness to.

There were guards that walked the halls, not wearing the same kind of armour their…escorts had on but walked in a way that proved them to be similarly trained.

They walked passed a woman he didn't quite recognise and entered the 'elevator', some kind of machine that took them up without having to walk up the stairs.

A few minutes later they arrived at their destination, the halls they walked in was fit for a palace.

"I will now take you to the High Assembly Chamber to Lord Sayre. He will be there with Chancellor Saunders, a member of the High Council." Parkinson told them.

"High Council?" Taneko Ozutsuki questioned, not as surprised as they might have been before they arrived at Illos as they walked through the halls "Is this what governs Illos?"

Parkinson glanced at Taneko but said nothing before he looked straight ahead, leaving them all slightly miffed though no less ponderous.

They walked through heavy laden twin doors and what they were greeted by only confirmed that this was no ordinary meeting hall though that was not what caught his eyes.

At the very end of the room, in front of a twenty five metre long window, he sat there on a chair that resembled far closer to a throne next to empty similar chair.

It seemed as if Ieyasu-sama was right after all about the two.

Hirahito was reminded once more of his ethereal presence as he looked upon Sayre's purple green glowing eyes that swirled with restrained power, his pale skin contrasting heavily with his long pitch black hair as he sat there, gazing intently at them from his throne like chair.

Now aged almost twenty eight or twenty nine years, Atticus Sayre looked like he had grown into his power. That magnetic presence he bore that drew so many people in and also incited hateful fear in envious hearts, seemed to have grown in magnitude.

He looked a Ruler

He glanced to his other side and a woman sat there next to him, like this Chancellor Saunders and he took the opportunity to look at the chambers with greater attention.

The chamber was a dome made out silver white stone not unlike the rest of the city though that was the similarities ended. It shone in the direct light of the three orbs, seemingly aglow in some kind of reaction that none of them knew.

What was jarring was that there were no other seats available and he glanced at Taneko Ozutsuki from the corner of his eyes who seemed grim in his expression.

It seemed like he also understood. It was insulting to make them stand for this meeting and it was reminiscent of the tales from delegates who'd gone to the Chinese Emperor.

Parkinson moved forward and bowed from the hip towards Sayre "My Lord, I present to you the Japanese delegates" he turned slightly towards them "From the right, Takenaka Shinzo, of the clan Takenaka, Aya Sukene of the clan Aya, Ozutsuki Taneko of the clan Ozutsuki and on the far left, of course, Hirahito Shinji of the clan Hirahito." Parkinson said with perfect Japanese accentuation, something that was not lost to anyone in the delegation party.

"Besides Lord Sayre is Chancellor Saunders, member of the High Council" Parkinson introduced her to the delegates.

Hirahito stepped forward and bowed, shallower yet still a bow "Lord Sayre" he began before he was back upright and bowed slightly towards the woman "Chancellor Saunders" he said respectfully before gazing back at Sayre "Thank you for extending this invitation to Magical Japan to your…home"

Saunders bowed her head deeply towards him and he met Sayre's gaze who bowed his head towards him, a shallow bow but a respectful bow nonetheless.

It was not one of equals but one that signalled his respect towards Hirahito.

Taneko Ozutsuki and then the others also stepped forward and bowed slightly towards Sayre and the woman as they also extended gratitude for the invitation.

Sayre's gaze at the other delegates was penetrating, one that seemed to be able to unravel them at the seams, lasting for a merciful short few seconds before he bowed his head slightly, a gesture that didn't fail to register with any of them.

"Welcome to Illos." He intoned, his voice held qualities of timelessness "It is an honour to welcome you to our home." He added before raising his hand and the very ground shifted, liquefying and morphed to form a convex table with four seats that were opposite Sayre and Saunders.

"Please…sit" Sayre said with an expression that was unchanging and his tone was far from suggestive.

Hirahito took the initiative and sat in one of the seats and then the others did too.

"My Lord" Parkinson said once more, bowing as he did so and turned on his heels and left though the guards remained and moved to the far edges of the room.

He wondered why given that Sayre would never need their aid to deal with them, not after what he'd seen the man do in the war.

Water and tea appeared on the table with a pop and Chancellor Saunders spoke up "If you would like any further food or drink, simply ask for it and it will appear." She paused momentarily before she continued "In English or Japanese, it won't matter."

Hirahito smiled though it was far from sincere. "We thank you, Chancellor"

She smiled and it was warm though he wasn't sure if it was genuine or not with the way things had gone so far.

Taneko took the cup of tea and drank some of it before he spoke up "Illos is impressive" he said as he set down his tea "May we inquire how it came to be, before we delve into the matters of this invitation?"

Chancellor Saunders glanced at Sayre who only nodded to her and she began the tale of how Illos came to be.

He listened to the tale, for it was most certainly a tale, that spoke of creation and years of building the place with hard work. It held no real substance that hinted where it might be and what building actually entailed.

It was impressive how little substance there was in a tale that lasted over a quarter of an hour.

"Thank you for the explanation. It was…informative" Taneko said with an incline of the head.

Chancellor Saunders smiled "You're welcome" she enthused, clearly knowing that the tale was far from informative.

"If I may ask, is Illos your personal demesne or is a nation?" Sukene asked what they all wanted to know.

"Illos is a nation." Sayre answered before continuing "I may be Lord of Illos but it is not a dictatorship. The people of Illos have a voice…an equal voice without prejudice or discrimination as I have always wished for."

"And how do they…express this voice?" Shinzo asked curiously "Through elections?"

Sayre inclined his head affirmatively "Through elections. The first of which will be held later this year."

"And your role?" Hirahito asked carefully, not wanting to seem as if he was pressing.

Sayre smiled and it was one of mild amusement "To sit back and let the people govern themselves. Ruling never quite interested me."

'Somehow I doubt that somewhat, old friend' Hirahito thought to himself.

Sayre's eyes glinted for a brief second "Leaves me to occupy myself with more important things. There is much to do in Illos after all."

A brief silence fell as they digested that. His words could be interpreted in several ways though one thing he knew for sure was that Illos was Atticus Sayre and Atticus Sayre was Illos.

He realised that now. It likely had been ever since the place had been a mere idea when he'd shown him that crystalline conjuration in the war.

Sukene cleared his throat and spoke up "The Japanese Ministry, while being elated to receive this invitation to come meet with you" Sukene said meeting the gazes of their hosts as he began delving into questioning into why exactly they were here "is unsure why you extended this invitation, an invitation that held little content as to what might be discussed."

Sayre inclined his head before his hands entwined together, leaning back in his chair, his eyes never losing their discomforting glow "We shall get right to the heart of the matter then." He said, his voice calm though far from easy as he continued "As I am sure you are all aware, my…break from Magical Britain and in lesser degree Magical Europe was far from amicable."

Hirahito nodded "Yes." He said before glancing at the others before continuing "We have heard of your…exile though how it relates to this invitation escapes us." He pointed out.

Chancellor Saunders leaned in and spoke up "It relates because we have certain…commonalities." She said in a light smile which didn't reach her eyes, one that turned as her lips thinned before she spoke again "Japan has lost nearly all of its trade with the rest of Asia as a consequence of your peoples actions in China." She glanced at him "Only because of Hirahito's relationships in Europe, which provided new markets for your goods, has prevented economic collapse as a result of the combined economic penalties and loss of trade."

Taneko narrowed his eyes at her "A temporary setback. We're already rebuilding our relationships with our neighbours and soon enough we'll be back where we should be."

Hirahito said nothing to that though he nodded in agreement despite it not being quite the truth. Whilst most of Magical Japan's actions were constrained in China, it was not missed by the rest of Asia.

Whilst the magical populations in Asia was largely concentrated in China, India, Japan and Australia, there were still a significant number of magical nations in Asia even if their population was small.

Their economic ties they had built up with these nations had been mostly one sided where these Asian nations imported their goods and educated themselves at Mahoutokoro but as Australia grew in prominence, they became a rival to them just as China and India and competed in similar markets.

Unfortunately, with their dishonourable actions exposed and all that came with it, resulted in them losing the bulk of their trade to Australia, something they knew could not have been accomplished without assistance from the ICW.

She began to smile and it was far from warm "Is that so?" she mused aloud as her eyes sharpened "Last I heard the Malay Ministry of Magic rebuffed your attempts of rekindling trade agreements and the Samoan Alliance of Mages similarly refused your approaches."

Sukene intervened "Yet we have also re-established trade agreements with Vietnamese Ministry and the Laos Commune." Sukene said his eyes boring into Saunders "As my colleague said, it will only be a matter of time. The ICW's interference will not last." Sukene leaned forward, his eyes meeting Saunder's gaze "Not if we continue to comply with the ICW's demands." He said, his meanings obvious to their hosts.

'You fool…' Hirahito thought angrily though before he could soothe any ruffled feathers, Sayre spoke up.

"Comply with the ICW's demand?" he repeated as he looked at Sukene with a surreptitious smile "Interesting" he mused aloud, his voice holding qualities of mockery as he glanced away from Sukene's gaze.

"I had thought Japan had greater integrity than that." He said with vicious delight, poking at their pride as he looked back at Sukene, a curling smile adorned on his face as his eyes began to glow with ominous undertones "Perhaps you lost it at the same time you lost your honour after what your people did in Manchuria." Hirahito looked to Sukene and saw he was barely controlling his anger.

They were in trouble…deep trouble as he began to exudes oceans of magic. Hirahito tried to rise from his seat to stop this from escalating any further but he found he could not get up from his seat.

The air pressure began to rise, Sayre's eyes shone brightly as he remained affixed onto Sukene.

"Lord Sayre…" Hirahito tried but as cut off as Sayre did not relent as he continued.

"I hear you were personally there too" he said, his voice deeper and the air grew heavy with magic, his hair beginning to lift as his body began to exude wisps of turbulent purple green magic. He leaned forward as he spoke "Rumoured to have been involved in the decimation in several fishing villages" his voice was now akin to a rumbling storm even if he spoke calmly.

The magic in the room was now oppressive, suffocating physically and mentally, as if all light and cheer was evaporated from the air. "To come here and make such…insinuations…" Sayre's voice though calm was deathly, oozing menace and a kind of retribution that sowed terror into one's soul.

"My Lord…" Saunders' soft feminine voice spoke up and moments later, just like that, the pressure receded away.

He glanced at Sukene and saw him visibly draw heavy breaths as the room returned to normal.

"How dare you treat us like that" Shinzo exclaimed angrily though fear was apparent in his eyes as he shot up from his seat and palmed his wand but as soon as he did that, the masked guards sprang to life and surrounded them.

He had not pointed his wand at Sayre though whether or not it was because of wisdom or fear he did not know for certain.

"Shinzo-san…sit down" Taneko said carefully as he gestured towards Shinzo's seat. Shinzo looked at the guards warily before he turned to Sayre and visibly withdrew into himself as he saw Sayre's cold expression and sat back down.

Taneko turned to Sayre who was expressionless though that hard glint was obvious to see. Taneko bowed his head "I apologise for any…miscommunication. My colleague misspoke" he said as he threw a harsh glare at Sukene was still gathering himself.

Sukene stiffened under Taneko's gaze but turned to Sayre and bowed his head stiffly "I apologise for any slights. Taneko-sama is correct, I merely misspoke."

Sayre stared at Sukene for a while before nodded slightly and sat back in his chair. Thankfully Saunders moved them along.

"While that was…unpleasant" Saunders said diplomatically, drawing a upturned lip from Shinzo whilst Taneko stared at Sayre with scrutinising eyes "There is truth to Lord Sayre's words." Her expression shifted to one of coolness "What was done in Manchuria was abominable and though the ICW has levied penalties against you for the wrong reasons, your people deserve punishment for the crimes against humanity"

"We know" Taneko interjected before Sukene or Shinzo could make things worse. "It is why we keen to rectify our mistakes by aiding the CCM with their current plight."

"Assistance they refused" Saunders pointed out mildly.

Taneko grimaced but nodded "Yes." He admitted.

"Despised by most nations in Asia, scorned by the ICW and dismissed by the rest of the Magical World" Saunders stated as if it were a matter of fact and in truth…it was not far off. Whilst his own trade alliances limited the economic decline and international isolation, it was still far from the powerful position they had been prior to the war.

Something Sayre and Saunders knew and wanted to capitalise on.

"And it is this…commonality you seek to establish with us?" Hirahito spoke up, his voice soft and questioning.

Sayre turned to him, his vibrant eyes boring into him like a smelting fire "Yes." He said, his tone betraying nothing. "Despite my reservation…" he glanced at Saunders before he locked eyes with Hirahito for a moment before looking to the others. "Our circumstances present an opportunity for both our peoples"

"We are in a similar situation." He leaned forward, his eyes were now cold and examining "The ICW has been overreaching. We know it and you know it. The penalties that have been levied onto you are all but opportunistic and they went out of their way to make it so that you're isolated in the international stage."

Hirahito spoke up "And this is where you come in?" he questioned before he continued "To offer us trade where others would deny us?"

Sayre met his gaze and gave Hirahito his undivided attention. "Nothing so simple."

He said, his voice smooth and honeycombed with intrigue "What I'm offering you is a chance to regain much of you lost in the war. Your honour, your integrity…" he glanced at Sukene "Your prestige" he looked back at Hirahito.

"And how would you do that?" Taneko interjected, his tone sharp "Your…nation as impressive as it is, wherever it may be, is unknown. What could you offer to us that could change our standing in the Magical World?"

Sayre only smiled and it was foreboding "The opportunity to form an organisation with likeminded nations, those who see what is wrong with the ICW and want to try form something better"

Sayre leaned forward, his eyes displaying a disturbing turbulence of barely restrained magic. "An organisation that will form closer ties to its fellow member nations through trade, cooperation in magical innovation and through cultural exchange. One that will give you the opportunity to revitalise Magical Japan as a core member of an organisation that could achieve great things."

Shinzo shook his head "Do you know what you're asking?" he said in a disbelieving tone "You're not just suggesting to break with the ICW, something that can be done even if it isn't easy, you're suggesting creating a direct rival to it"

"Am I?" Sayre said with a entreating smile that far from innocent "The ICW's mandate is to maintain the Statute of Secrecy. There is nothing in their mandate that suggests that they are meant to be a political and economic union they pretend to be"

His smile fell off as he grew serious "Even if they have twisted their mandate into fashioning themselves into an empire with vassals under its banner, able to dictate with whom one can have relations with, with whom they can trade with."

Hirahito narrowed his eyes slightly 'He was beginning to sound like Grindelwald' he thought grimly to himself.

Somehow it seemed Sayre knew what he was thinking as his next words were "Suggesting the creation of a different organisation does not make me an incarnation of Grindelwald, it merely makes me opportunistic." He said as he turned to Hirahito "I am not robbing people of choice." Sayre said firmly "Only those who wish to join will be considered. Only those nations who value the same principles and ideals may join."

A few moments passed before Shinzo asked "What principles and ideals?"

"Principles of respect and integrity, ideals that value magic and life." Sayre met Shinzo's gaze "Though your people have erred, you have before held such principles and ideals. As I said, it is an opportunity to regain what you have lost."

Taneko decides to speak up "As interesting as you may have said is nonetheless it does nothing to distract us from the fact that it will be viewed as a rival to the ICW." Taneko shook his head "What you're asking for is something that cannot considered lightly."

"And we understand that." Saunders spoke up as she gestured accommodatingly to him. "We are not suggesting you have to agree now, of course not." She allowed a small smile to form. "And before you decide against it, we have plenty to show you what Illos would have to offer in this cooperation, things you would never be able to get or even dream of obtaining."

"If you're concerned about the debt you owe me" Sayre continued "Consider it paid off by coming to this meeting. The only thing I ask is that you stay a little longer and consider what we have offer." He finished.

Hirahito glanced at the others.

They looked amongst themselves and Hirahito knew that despite the…tense situation that had occurred, they were very interested in hearing more.

Hirahito decided to speak for them all. "Very well." He said not knowing the course he'd set for himself and his people with two simple words.



The Convertor: Where magic is created
1.jfif
1.jfif
1.png

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Sep 30, 2022
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Treken, Lost_Sanke, chibrow and 114 others
mosefboombox117
Sep 29, 2022
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 3 (68) New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Oct 9, 2022
Add bookmark
#42
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Thanks for the reviews, I enjoyed reading them!

I don't want to spoil anything - even if it appears obvious and a simple answer, it may not actually be - which would diminish the story and your experience.

However...please speculate (and criticise if you like) to your hearts content. I love reading them. The more the merrier!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think!
Chapter 3:

29th​ of October 1952 – Pandrosion Institute, Illos

Chancellor Sandra Saunders POV

She walked the halls of Pandrosion Institute, the darkness outside the striking halls of the school doing little to falter its majesty. It was late Wednesday night and there were few people walking its halls, the only ones that might be in the school would be the students in their dorms, students who resided outside of Illos during the breaks, the Professors or the residential graduates who were apprenticing with the Professors.

"You're certain he's there?" Sandra asked her companion. It wasn't uncommon to find him here from time to time but it was uncharacteristic of him to not attend a meeting, an important meeting at that, without letting them know.

Parkinson turned her and quirked a brow in response.

Right.

Of course a spymaster would know where he would be.

Probably knew what everyone had for dinner too.

She sighed "Out of all the meetings to skip, he had to do it today."

Parkinson eyed her curiously "Are the terms so troubling?" he asked her.

She glanced at him for a moment before shaking her head "Not so much troubling but rather…unexpected." She said musingly for a second before continuing.

"Nothing too concerning or bad for us…not necessarily" she said with a light frown. It had been a surprise to be sure, just as this final condition was.

In the months since the meeting with the delegation they'd been somewhat…difficult and she was sure that they would continue to be. Yet they weren't and in fact had reversed their decisions on some of the terms they'd outright rejected before.

She wasn't sure what to think of it but she knew it had to do with this…demand.

Parkinson hummed for a moment. "Do you want me to look into it?" he asked her with a tilt of the head "Nothing too pervasive of course."

She thought on it for a minute or so before shaking her head "Not yet. We'll see what he thinks or knows" she told him and he nodded his acceptance before they continued to walk in silence.

They arrived at the doors and walked in. They were at the top of the lecture hall though the voices of the two at the front of the lecture hall carried through the air with deliberate ease.

She looked down at the pair who were by the black board, a board that was filled with markings she faintly recognised.

She glanced to her right and saw a few older students, likely graduates who were Mastery students, seated together a few rows down from the top.

"-an't see the reconciliation between this…predictive system and magic when it comes to divination, my Lord" she heard the accented woman at the bottom say. She took a moment to look her over and saw it was a relatively young woman, likely between her mid twenties and thirties.

She frowned for a moment before she turned to Parkinson "I'm going to speak to those students." Parkinson nodded before he returned his attentions at the two debating people at the front as she began to walk over to the students.

"Traditional Seers see the future as Magic decrees, seeing the possible and likely route the future may take and Prophets" the woman continued, pausing as she wrote on the board "Prophets decree prophesies, prophesised events that are unavoidable if the conditions arise and serve as a fixed point in time" the woman said with a heavy accent.

"All of this, the possibility of seeing the future itself is possible because magic is rooted in the very structures of the universe. It is the same, though on a much lesser scale, for all other forms of minor divination, scrying, tarot cards, leaf reading, all of it, is only possible because we are capable of tapping into those streams of magic that are tied to everything that is and ever will be, streams of magic that allow us few gifted with the talent glimpses into the future even if it is often without certain direction or sense. What you're suggesting…"

Sandra got to the few students as she walked down the stairs to where they were seated "How long have they been like this?"

The students disengaged from listening in on the conversation and were startled when they recognised. "Madam Chancellor!" they said a little alarmed as they started fumbling and made motions to stand up but she waved them off.

"It's fine, let's not get hung up on ceremony" she smiled at the students before she asked again "So, how long have they been talking with each other?"

The students looked at each other a little lost before one answered "I think over a couple of hours now."

Her eyebrows raised "Really?" she glanced at the two below. Hmm. Maybe she should wait a little longer before she interrupted them.

"Yes." The other student spoke up next "At first it had just been about new divination techniques that the Professor was showing him but then they got into possibilities of using Arithmancy primarily to divine the future"

The other laughed a little awkwardly "I think I'll spend a lot of time trying to figure out what they're talking about" the student admitted. "After a long nap I think" he murmured tiredly before he seemed to remember who he was speaking to and looked a little abashed to her amusement.

Sandra smiled at the students "Go." She jerked her head towards the doors. "You can catch up with the Professor in the morning." She told them.

The other student wanted to protest but she gave a pointed look which halted any beginnings of protestations. They gathered their books and made their way to the exits.

"-not possible! Random chaos prevents such predictability from being possible and it is only through magic – which is eternal and timeless! – that we are able to glimpse the future! To suggest that we could possibly divine the future using arithmancy by deconstructing the flow of coming history itself…" the woman trailed off.

Sandra was struck with what she was saying as she sat down, a frown adorning her face.

'Deconstruct the flow of coming history?' she wondered to herself but she was soon distracted by the continuation of the conversation.

"Visions and Prophesy have always been the most reliable forms of divining the future and even then they have their flaws as they rely on individuals to act as agents of Lady Magic to bring about the Seen future or prophesised event." The woman said with a shake of the head

"Magic acts as an invisible hand to bring about her preferred future and this is the acknowledged view of most Divination experts." The woman stared at him for a moment

"Using Arithmancy circumvents that train of thought completely, makes the belief that there is a Will of Magic that guides us invalid if we're able to using this new form of Arithmancy to divine the path that is before us." The woman sighed as she brushed her hair behind her ears as she turned to stare at the writings on the board "It seems impossible to make sense of Chaos without the Will of Lady Magic." She finished with a strange tone.

"I wouldn't quite say the belief that there is a Will of Magic would become invalid rather…less mystified and also not necessarily impacted by this predictive method." He returned to the woman before seeming to pause for a moment, seemingly considering how to answer.

"What is chaos but perturbations with amplified effects within a complex system?" she heard him answer a few moments after.

He didn't move, not a single gesture was made when a dim glowing ball of light emerged between himself and the professor before more orbs were created, much smaller than the central ball of light.

Atticus created the solar system. She glanced to her left and saw Parkinson come down and sat a few seats apart from her.

Parkinson had an intense expression on his face, one that uncharacteristically thoughtful as he stared at the two debating people. She turned to them as well and listened in.

"To accurately model a system, you need to define its parameters, its initial conditions and what perturbations exist that can alter its expected results" he said to the woman.

A radiant line sprang from one of the orbs that orbited the model sun which followed its orbital path. "We can predict where planets will be centuries in advance with a very high accuracy with Arithmancy alone. But what happens when you add another variable to the system? An external variable?" he asked of the woman as another object began to race towards to the planet and almost brushed against it. It caused an effect, the radiant line that marked out the orbit began to change, subtly but change it did.

"The system changes." The woman answered "And that only proves my point! Arithmancy cannot reconcile the randomness that exists in the universe let alone predict events that might occur in the world with millions of chaotic elements that are individuals"

Sandra's eyes widened at the statement. They were discussing how to predict events?

"Of course not, not completely" he agreed.

"Even in a macroscale system as such as a solar system, eventually minor perturbations do add up to cause change to the system. But what if you could define the system down to the very microscale?" he asked her.

"You're talking about Quantum Mechanics, the very topic that's been giving those eggheads of yours minor strokes?" she asked with a hint of laughter in her voice.

There was a tone of humour in tone as he spoke "The very same though only as an example when it comes to factoring the minor and seemingly inconsequential variables and random changes. The mundanes have been making progress but I suspect we'll do it better and quicker. Now," he paused as the conjuration shifted away and began to form into the universe as they now had been able to see thanks to one of the recent breakthroughs made by the Office of Magical Innovation and Technology.

"What if I said it was possible to arithmantically define the system down to the very miniscule, factoring in all debilitating effects such as variables, randomness, all of which can and will cause perturbations in the flow of events? What if I said similarly you can use this method to scale up usefully, ensuring that you could account for any such perturbations individuals could cause and correct it accordingly?" Lord Sayre posed to the woman.

"I'd say impossible!" the woman exclaimed as she began to pace, her head bowed seemingly deep in mind bending thought.

"What you're suggesting…!" she said with a shake of the head.

"How would you account for the randomness that exist that is a person's free will?" she asked him "A single individual can destabilise the desired future with a single decision, a single decision that can cause waves of cascading disruption that leads to thousands, millions of other individuals to also contribute to make that desired future impossible to manifest." She said with an animate wave of the hands.

"And if what you say is true, that there exists an infinite multiverse where any and all random events manifest themselves no matter how improbable or impossible, to plot the course of a desired future seems as unfeasible as it is incalculable!" she said animatedly.

Atticus seemed to smile given the tone of his voice "And you would be right to say that plotting the course of a desired future is unfeasible – at least with a hundred percent accuracy and without corrections" Atticus paused meaningfully now, the conjuration shifting again and in its place a river in a rocky landscape took its place.

"In any reality, there will always be a butterfly effect, one where the same events that play out differently will result in consequences and results that are tied to the difference between the realities." He said to her before continuing

"Even a miniscule change on a massive scale will have effects that can snowball into a larger consequence. A hurricane on earth will not have much of a measurable effect on the Earth's gravitational pull on Jupiter nor does it matter much who wins the Quidditch International League." Lord Sayre stopped for a moment as he stared at the river for a second before continuing.

"But…" he said, stressing the word as he resumed "said hurricane still has an effect even if it is miniscule, just as that Quidditch game matters in some way or form. In the case of the hurricane, the non-uniform distribution of the Earth's mass will still have an effect on the force that is exerted on Mars or Jupiter and that minor, near inconsequential effect can later on, perhaps centuries, perhaps millennia or eons, yield a result that can trace back its roots to that single hurricane which set off a series of events that affected things on a solar scale" He turned to the woman.

"What I take that to mean is that even in the absence of intelligence and 'free will', the universe and its events cannot be predicted indefinitely far into the future. Adding intelligence only exacerbates the problem…but it also simultaneously eases it." He said with a pause as a rock rolled down the rocky landscape, diverting the river as it settled in the river.

"…As an agent, I can be unpredictable like any individual but I can also force events to happen as is useful to us." A conjured miniature figure was created and removed the stone and then it shifted again, resetting the blocked river only for the figure to add more stones to the river.

"It is possible for us to move rivers, to move mountains, even eventually whole planets to bring about the path that is preferred for our people" he said to the woman and it sent chills down her spine with the level of assuredness he spoke with.

"We know that from an observational standpoint that individuals are often highly unpredictable in their specific actions but…in a statistical sense, they are less so" he told the woman.

"You cannot know for certain when you go to the toilet but it can be proactively influenced." The conjuration shifted to a trickling waterfall "Thinking and seeing the flow of water can alter the path you were going to take, and just by conjuring this, I am able to hasten your body's need to relief itself"

"Ah, that is a cheat! Taking advantage of my pregnant condition like that!" she said with a playful scowl.

Atticus smiled "My apologies" he said charmingly with a grin in his voice that was not apologetic at all. "Shall I pause or…?"

She shook her head "I can control myself and I'm quite intent on disproving you, at least on needing the washroom at this moment" she said teasingly with heavier accent than before.

Atticus smile increased for a moment before he grew serious "Very well. In this example, I mean to show that despite the unpredictability of humanity under most circumstances, actions and decisions can still be influenced. As unpredictable as human actions might be individually, moment by moment, they tend to average out."

"What do you mean?" the woman said as she swivelled around, her blond locks swaying as she stared the shifting form of the conjuration.

It began to resemble a mundane city.

"Fascinating…" Parkinson muttered and she turned to him. "It seems like he is trying draw a pattern that is independent from magic." Parkinson said.

"A pattern?" Sandra said with a frown. "Deconstructing the flow of coming history…" she said aloud "Predicting events…" she trailed off again for a moment.

"Yes." Parkinson said to her, turning to her for the first time. "Divination for the most part is interpreting the signals magic grants us. Some can do it naturally and others learn how to do it but in both instances, they tend to be on a minor scale." He glanced at the two below for a brief moment before continuing "What they are discussing is predicting events – possibly all events – to come without needing to interpret the signals at all."

Her eyes widened "But that's…" she said in wonder. 'Is that even possible…?'

"Yes." Parkinson said once more, thoughtful than ever "And impossible at present, especially given the amount of information and everything else you'd need to make it a workable method" Parkinson said with a deep frown "The things you'd need to be able to factor in for it even remotely…" Parkinson's frown melted away and his eyes seemed to light up with an understanding that he seemed to have reached and turned his gaze back to the conversation below before she could ask, an intense expression sporting his face.

She turned towards the same direction.

"…I do not know what you or others will have for breakfast tomorrow but if we look at the sales grocery shops make as a whole, we can make some fairly accurate predictions at how many people, for instance, will have bacon and eggs or muesli." He said to the pregnant woman.

"The bigger the sample, the more accurate our prediction becomes. If we only use a sample of only ten people, our accuracy will be low but if we use a city of a hundred thousand and estimate ten thousand of them will have bacon and eggs and in the end nine thousand eight hundred do, we can say that we were fairly accurate." Atticus lectured as the conjuration changed to suit the explanation with thousands of small figures.

He continued "As my sample size increases, my accuracy increases, to the point for example things like the behaviour of a gas sample composed of trillions of individual and unpredictable molecules can be predicted with incredible accuracy at least for some aspects of that sample's behaviour. I will actually be more accurate the bigger the sample, in direct contradiction of the notion that there are more things and complex interactions involved. Many complex chaotic systems, as they scale up in complexity and in size, can begin to show emergent patterns that can make them easier to model"

"Statistics…Statistics would be the base of your formulation of behavioural patterns and future events" The woman said after a moment of realisation. "But to even create a workable model…" she headily exclaimed, a sense of wonder and understanding of the magnitude crept in her voice. "Is that even possible?" she said with a deep frown on her face "I can't even imagine the kinds of Arithmantic calculations and expressions needed to formulate such predictions."

"Statistics would not be the only base." He said as the conjuration ended. Lord Sayre turned to her "But for the sake of simplicity, yes. As for the arithmantic calculations necessary, it will be something that addressed in time once you've defined the system in its entirety. We're already making significant headway with improving Magi-Comp by several hundred factors." He told her before continuing

"With an excruciatingly precisely defined model as possible, one that has factored in the very miniscule, even to the irrelevant like the probabilities of what type of food is eaten for breakfast, the time distribution of when people take their lunch breaks, all of it, all of that randomness, all of that unpredictability will be washed away into averages and patterns once it is scaled up, once the sample size reaches a certain threshold population and could be used to predict the flow of magical history." Atticus said passionately.

"With this use of Arithmancy, a new form of divination independent from the visions and prophesies interpreted from Magic would be possible and would allow us to predict the course of history with a degree of accuracy." He paused for a moment as he glanced at the blackboard.

"With visions we see the most likely future near future, one that Magic herself seems to favour. But with this as a tool…we could have greater degree of input as to what kind of future comes to pass and see further too" He said.

Sandra almost slumped in her chair. What they were talking about…surely…?

"Naturally there will be rocks, interferences and disturbances that can alter the desired path but this can be accounted for and corrected…returning history back on the path we want" he finished.

"That is…" Sandra said with wide eyes as she sat up, finally having digested the information. "That can't be possible?" she turned to Parkinson whose expression was incredibly thoughtful.

"Why not?" Parkinson voiced out as he turned to her. "Though I see many issues with the form of divination, one that depends on a sufficiently large population, something that we've never been, not to mention the factor that magic has."

"However, saying that" Parkinson continued "I can see it being possible to even factor that…after all" Parkinson turned away from her "magic acts on our will and our will…well, that is far from being so different from the mundanes, magic or not. We all have the same base desires even if the flavour is different."

Sandra frowned at though her thoughts were interrupted as the Professor spoke again

"This will always have several fatal flaws" the woman said as she flicked her wand, vanishing the conjuration "One of them being that it relies on the civilisation being stagnant, insofar that all magical and technological advancement is halted in its entirety." The professor paused as she wrote on the board an expression Sandra didn't recognise.

"Magic will always be a disrupting element, one that will always alter the dynamics of society, seriously disrupting society and in time so will technology and whatever symbiosis Illos finds between the two. We cannot predict the coming of advancements that can profoundly alter the course of human history." She began pacing slightly before she swivelled around, her eyes wide as she stared Lord Sayre.

"That is why you want a reconciliation between this possible use of Arithmancy with Divination, isn't it?" she questioned him intently. "You want to make sense of the limitations and haziness that can exist with Visions with…this…and also to factor in these unknown advancements with glimpses provided by Magic creating some kind of symbiotic fusion that practically gives us the roadmap of the possible futures?" the professor exclaimed in wonder and was brimming with excitement.

Atticus only smiled and inclined his head in acknowledgement. "Yes. The information by visions, at times, can only be understood after the fact which can be too late to halt whatever has been set in motion which is problematic to say the least if it is an unfavourable future. It is this lack of key points in time that I wish to map out, the points that are effectively nodal points in history and open up entire roads of possibilities." Atticus paused for a moment as he glanced at the blackboard.

"Though in some ways…I'm also thinking long term, longer than anyone since Phemonoe has managed to see." He said as he stared at the calculations on the blackboard.

"Predicting the course of human history decades, centuries down the line in this way alone is not going to be accurate, not when we have magic and when magic itself can interfere to derail the predicted path of our people." Atticus said to the woman.

The professor stared at him for a moment before speaking "You already surmised all the issues I spoke off." She simply stated, a curious expression on her face.

"Yes." Lord Sayre simply said though there was a strange tone to his voice which disappeared as he continued "If we're able to create a unified divination system that combines the largely mundane divining method with the magical ones, we should be able to glimpse further and more accurately into the future and many of the probabilistic paths that are open to us…paths that we could ensure to narrow down to an ideal few so that the prosperity of our people and our descendants is as long as possible." He said with a glance to Professor's belly.

"It could change everything if it worked" the professor said after a while as she rubbed her belly. She gazed up at Atticus "You know as well as I do that changing outcomes has often proven to be too difficult." She turned to the blackboard "This…this could really change everything…if it is possible"

She turned back at Atticus, seemingly having gained a bounce in her step as she spoke "There are a lot of problems to solve" she stated matter-of-factly.

Atticus inclined his head "I know." Sandra could hear the smile in his voice.

"It probably wouldn't even remotely be possible for decades to come" the professor further added, her eyes flickering between the blackboard and Atticus.

"I know" Atticus said once more.

The professor was silent for a moment as she stared at Atticus for several minutes. "And you just want to reconcile divination and this model, no…not to reconcile…not really…you want to fit Visions and Prophecies into this theoretical model to generate a more accurate prediction of the future and change it for the better if needed?"

Sandra saw Atticus nod and decided then to stand up and make her way down.

Atticus spoke up as he turned to the blackboard "I think it's worth trying at the very least. We have a great many challenges coming our way, short term and long term. A bright future grows smaller as time goes on if we're unable to meet those challenges fully informed and ready. A symbiotic method may well give us what we need for a lasting peace. On its own, this Predictive History Method would falter even if we managed to somehow account for the perturbations caused by free will, Magic and Technology."

Lord Sayre stared at the board "If we consider a thousand year long plan, let's assume every century or so there is a crucial moment or decision that can destroy the plan if the wrong action is taken."

The board became clean with Lord Sayre moving and numbers in white chalk began to form on the blackboard "Each correction planned ahead of time to counteract this disturbance will be pretty accurate in a large scale system, say it will be 90% to keep it simple. Each time we through the dice, the correction will have a 90% chance of succeeding. The second correction there is only 90% of 90% chance of succeeding which is 81%. Do this until the tenth correction, you will have a 34.9% chance of achieving the plan, a two to one chance."

"But with visions…" the professor trailed off for a moment "With visions we'd able to increase that chance of success each time at the moment the disturbance threatens to upend the preferred future."

"Yes." Atticus said with an incline of the head.

"What about the morality of such a system?" Sandra said as she reached the final steps of the lecture hall.

They turned to her, the professor seemed a little startled but Atticus seemed unsurprised.

"What you're speaking of is highly unethical" Sandra said with a deep concern.

"Madam High Chancellor" the Professor bowed her head and Sandra acknowledged it, even if it was brief.

Atticus turned to her, a kind smile on his gentle expression. "Only if you think it is done at an individual level." He said before continuing "which it isn't. What we're speaking off is at a civilisation scale, far from the individual level that would make it manipulative."

"How so?" Sandra asked sceptically "Would this not plan the course of people's lives even if it is on such a large scale? Even make people's decisions for them, removing free will?"

He shook his head before his eyes met her gaze "No. It would only map out the future and even then it would be on a large scale. Any corrections made to the course of history would likely be miniscule and would not infringe on the individual's free will." He paused for a moment as he met Sandra's gaze.

"Any corrections made is unlikely be at a single individual level and the system would not work down to the specific individual. Such a thing could never be possible even if you had all the time of the universe to compute it." He told her and quirked an eyebrow as well "Besides, to be that controlling is far from what a healthy civilisation should aspire to." He said to her pointedly.

Sandra frowned before she nodded. She knew that above all he wished Illos to be a success onto its own and did much to elevate people to positions of power where they could make decisions, educated decisions, without needing micromanagement.

It would have been contrary to all of their planning and what Illos was meant to be if he wanted to be that controlling.

Still…

It didn't sit easy with her.

He continued "Every decision you make, every single thought you have, has an effect that changes the very present and future. An infinite variable that might have recognisable patterns to the decisions you make but nonetheless a variable that cannot be predicted with any sort of great degree of accuracy." He paused for a brief second as Parkinson also reached the ground floor of the lecture hall.

"It is only because of the size of the population that the human chaotic system can be modelled with any degree of accuracy, even if it is easy to perturb and sensitive to the butterfly effect." Atticus tilted his head as he turned around glancing at the blackboard.

"With a fusion of this Predictive History and Divination, it becomes possible to recognise the pitfalls that can break civilisations, that can descend our civilisation into stagnation and demise. That is ultimately what this would be for, to see where we are going wrong and what we can do to correct it. A stable civilisation that continues to grow and prosper would be the only goal of this system" his voice declined to a contemplative tone.

"The potential of abuse though…" Sandra trailed off.

He turned to her, a grim expression on his face and nodded "The potential of abuse huge. But then…" he smiled at her knowingly "Isn't that the case with everything and more so with us magicals where we have literal power at our fingertips?"

She had to concede to that…even more so when Atticus could probably reign down destruction onto the world that only Merlin or the Wizards who inspired the tales of the Four Horsemen could ever have managed.

Still…

It sat uneasily with her, the idea that history could be predicted before it became…well history.

Sandra shook her head "No one deserves such a power."

"Yet do I not have a similar power, power I use every day to the good of Illos and our people?" Lord Sayre posed to her, an apologetic expression on his face.

Sandra frowned "Yes but that is different and also I can trust you" she said firmly as she stared at the blackboard for a moment.

She knew he had incredible Seeing abilities, abilities that allowed him to see years into the future but as far as she understood it was nowhere near the scale they were talking about and it was only from his perspective. This could potentially see centuries into the future.

She wasn't even sure she could trust herself with this.

"But this…to this scale?" She questioned as she turned towards him.

"No one can truly be trusted with anything of this scale." She stated, her eyes intently studying him.

"At present it is only theoretical" the Professor interjected as she waved towards the blackboard "The Arithmancy on the board is only expressional not calculative."

She turned to Atticus before she looked to her and Parkinson and her silvery blue eyes met Sandra's gaze

"To create such a predictive model would take decades and new forms of Arithmancy that would boggle the mind." She shook her head. "Magi-Comps are great tools but even they would not be able to run the calculations needed for this, not at present. And then to figure out a way to combine visions with this model?" The professor only laughed joyously, the prospect of the difficult challenge seemingly exciting her.

"We're not even close to bringing it to life, Madam Chancellor" the professor said as she looked Sandra, an unreadable glint in her eyes as she faded away from the people surrounding her for a moment.

Sandra looked at Atticus from the corner of her eyes. She knew him all too well that this wasn't a random conversation.

They'll have to talk about it after.

She turned the Professor, whose name escaped her. She was a pretty woman, her silvery blue eyes certainly drew attentions and her light olive skin and blonde hairs framed her petit body excellently. And she was also heavily pregnant as she glanced at the woman's belly which was obscured by her Losi, the name of the style of clothes they wore.

She must be a recent addition, she mused. Or perhaps she was just too busy to keep track of all the newcomers.

"Professor…" Sandra began and the professor jolted out of her absentminded expression and met Sandra's gaze with a bright smile.

"Hypatia Agoralos" she said with a widening smile as she stuck out her hand.

Ah…so that accent was Greek then.

"Sandra Saunders" she said as she took the offered hand.

"I know" Hypatia said with a beaming smile "High Chancellor of Illos, the very first one! I'm honoured to meet you!"

She quickly introduced herself to Parkinson too whose stoic expression didn't seem to impact her cheerful mood at all.

Sandra's smile widened despite herself. "Thank you as am I. I don't quite recognise you." She said with a curious hint in her tone.

"Ah!" Hypatia said excitedly. "That's because I've only been here for about four months." She turned to Lord Sayre "I didn't come through the usual ways of migration, I think." She said with a musical laugh in her voice.

Sandra sent a curious glance at him and Lord Sayre's lips curled slightly, his eyes shining with a hint of mischief in them. "I heard about a prodigy in Divination from Athens." He only offered to them as an explanation.

"And before I could work full time at the Olympicus, I get this strange letter" she said with a bit of mirth in her voice "that piqued my interest and lo and behold, I'm introduced to the most wanted man in the world – and wasn't that a surprise! – and then told me what Illos was, promising me this and that and I couldn't resist when he offered to show me Illos!" She stopped for a moment, looking slightly abashed

"Not the greatest idea in hindsight, I know!" She peered at Atticus "Given your reputation and all that is said about you, half claiming you to be the Saviour and the other a danger, I shouldn't have been so eager but sometimes you just know it's the right thing to do, you know?" She said brightly, her eyes wide and mesmerising.

"It helped that Lord Sayre described Illos as the most magical place ever and once I was here I found out it was better than he described" Her eyes shone brilliantly

"When he made the offer to stay and teach, I could not refuse!" She practically jumped in exhilaration as a fond exuberated expression crossed her face.

Sandra's eyebrows almost raised passed her hairline before she rounded up at Atticus with a pointed look who only smiled at her and shrugged in response.

They'd be having words later. She thought he'd stopped inviting people without running them through the right procedures.

"Well…" she said as she turned back to Professor Agoralos "Welcome to Illos and I suspect I'll be working with you at some point in the future if you decide to make this your permanent home" she said before she gave a mild glare at Atticus.

He'd better have enacted the same oaths everyone else was on.

"Oh, don't worry." The professor waved away. "I don't see anything other than Illos in my future" she said matter-of-factly.

Sandra blinked a moment. Right…

She turned to Lord Sayre who only smiled a little wider.

"I see…" she said slowly. So that's why he went personally to invite her in.

"Might be different for little Pandora though" she said rubbing her belly.

She glanced down at the woman's stomach "Oh healers have confirmed that it's a girl?" she asked curiously, hiding her mild jealousy. She looked about four to five months pregnant. Derek and her had decided to wait for a couple of decades, deciding that their jobs were too important at present to interrupt it with raising children.

"No, I just know" she shrugged as she hopped on her feet and turned to Lord Sayre "I think I definitely need to use the washroom now" she said with a laugh as she turned around and walked with a quick pace away before twirling around and bowed her head "If I don't see you in the next day or so, I'm sure I'll see you at the Samhain ceremony! Goodnight all!" she said cheerfully as she practically ran away.

Sandra watched the woman go before turning her gaze to Atticus with a raised eyebrow.

His lips twitched at her expression before he decided to explain "She is incredibly talented in Divination, better than I am in many ways."

"Really?" Sandra said with supreme surprise. Parkinson's eyes flashed with intrigue and interest.

He hummed as he stared at the doors from which she exited "Yes. She isn't as Far Seeing as I am but she has the potential to exceed me if I teach her in the new techniques." For a moment it seemed like his eyes gleamed in anticipation.

As much anticipation he felt, she felt just as much dread. She didn't think it was a good thing if there were more like Atticus.

Not everyone could be as benign as he was.

"Is that why you decided to tell her about this new divining method?" Parkinson asked curiously.

Atticus nodded.

"You already know it's possible, don't you?" Sandra asked with a scrutinising gaze.

He turned to her "Somewhat." He said after a moment.

Sandra stayed silent, absorbing what he said until she narrowed her eyes "You wanted us to hear your conversation as well."

Atticus smiled and inclined his head "I did Sandra." He said with a warm tone "I wanted you to know about it from the start."

Sandra's lips pursed for a moment. She wasn't surprised that he informed them like this. Over the past near decade, he'd changed…becoming more mysterious and yet more open at the same time.

His abilities to See had grown to frightening levels to the point she wasn't sure what was scarier…his ability to See much of the future or his strength in magic that seemed limitless.

His lips thinned for a brief moment "If I'm right and it is possible, it'll likely be one of the most important Offices for a very long time to come."

"You want to establish something for this, don't you?" she asked him with a hint of resignation.

She knew him too well not to know that he wouldn't orchestrate all this without a purpose. She wasn't comfortable with it though…it seemed too dangerous no matter how useful it could be in the future.

"Yes." He simply answered, confirming it. He met her gaze, his expression slowly softening as he spoke further "And by the time it is possible, we will have a structure in place to remove abuse." He said to her mostly, alleviating some of the concerns she had.

He turned to Parkinson before flickering his eyes back at her "It's not as if we don't have capable people amongst us to ensure such a thing." He said with a mild smile as his eyes shone with amusement.

She scoffed as she shook her head. "Flatterer." She said with a sigh.

Her lawful mind tingled and she looked up at Atticus with a stern gaze "We cannot judge others before they commit any crimes."

"Of course not" Atticus tilted his head "That would be against the principles of Illos but what we can do is remove the conditions, if possible, that allow for such issues in the first place."

"It's somewhat relieving." Parkinson said in a musing tone as he stared intently at Atticus "That you're thinking about methods to incorporate preventative methods that are not solely reliant on you into the fabric of Illos." Parkinson peered at Atticus with an introspective gaze.

She could agree with that.

Much of Illos depended on Atticus – from education, to law, to building, to even child rearing! It was staggering how involved he was in everything even if he was stepping off the pedal somewhat nowadays.

She didn't begrudge him all of that, not at all.

He is The Lord of Illos after all. All they could see still belonged to him and his wife and likely would remain like that for a very long time.

In a way, it was comforting he was willing to relinquish a lot of the control he held for the benefit of Illos. It reminded her that he was still at heart that dreamy boy that revealed to her and her husband his plans.

Illos would always come first.

"My visions are powerful and I see much but I also don't see everything." He allowed a small almost self-deprecating smile to form "Not that I wish to be All-Seeing." He turned serious once more as he continued.

"I want to ensure that we don't miss anything, any chances that may present themselves whereby we save ourselves from circumstances that could cause the demise of all that we've built and continue to build" Atticus said with a determined expression and power in his voice, one that made her stand straighter.

"Like preventing the rise of a Dark Lord by ensuring they don't have an opportunity to have a reason to rise in the first place?" Parkinson mused aloud and Atticus nodded.

"Just so." He turned to Sandra "That is one of the greatest concerns I have. With our powers, we are effectively near godlike beings. We are nearly limitless in our capabilities and as we improve our civilisation, so will our capabilities and understanding. Should another one with my kind of potential rise to decide to become a Dark Lord…" he trailed off, his insinuations clear.

She sighed for a moment before as she grabbed the bridge of her nose. When he said it like that…

It was going to be a headache writing the codified oaths that would bind this future department.

After a moment Parkinson spoke up "I take Dark Lords and the like are the main instigators of this…research?" Parkinson posed to Atticus.

Atticus' expression shifted "Somewhat though Dark Lords are far from the most concerning problem that we might face at present" he said much to her concern.

"What then?" Sandra questioned intently. As Chancellor, she was involved in the oversight of all facets of Illos including security and wouldn't change in the upcoming elections. The Representative Council was the legislative body of the government but they were not the complete executive body of Illos even if they did some aspects of it.

Oversight was what the High Council was for and the Chief Representative, the chosen Representative from the Council of Representatives, would sit amongst the High Council on the behalf of the wishes of the public and the Council of Representatives.

The High Council did not make local decisions nor the laws but could veto such matters if it is found to be in breach of the Constitution she helped write with Atticus, his wife and several other people.

In matters of Office direction, such as making changes in Education, such decisions would have to be brought to the High Council and justification provided for the changes.

Such a structure was intent on ensuring the overarching direction of Illos was never changed without the input of the High Council who were effectively Guardians of the State.

"Dark Lords we can deal with. They are an easy target after all. What isn't easy are the people behind the scenes, powerful people who are moving pieces across the board against us from the shadows even in this moment in time." Atticus' expression darkened "It's not an issue right now, perhaps not for years to come but eventually they will be."

"Do you know who they are?" Sandra asked with a frown.

Atticus shook his head "I don't." A flicker of frustration cut across his face "I only know that they are referred to as Men of Symbols" he told them.

Parkinson's eyes widened. "M.O.S." he said with an uncharacteristic hint of surprise in his voice.

Atticus only nodded.

"Mos…?" Sandra parroted with a frown.

Parkinson turned to Sandra "They're a legend amongst the ICW. I've heard them referenced as the Unspeakables amongst the Unspeakables" Parkinson narrowed his eyes as he looked past Sandra "I heard about them during my stint as a bounty hunter from a few ICW enforcers. I seem to recall once hearing that the organisation might be older than the ICW itself" He pursed his lips, turning to Atticus

"I'll look into what I can dig out."

"Please do." Atticus said before pausing for a moment.

"I'm hopeful this possible system may be eventually pick up such noise in the background and we can root it out before it can become an infection. I have a feeling that our issues with the Magical World stems directly from them and I'd rather Illos isn't blindsided by things like this in the future." He finished with a nod before turning to Sandra

"Can I depend on you to begin on drafting the codification?" he asked of her.

She didn't respond for a moment before she met his gaze "I will do it. I want to make sure we have checks and balances in place if this…method ends up becoming a reality"

Atticus offered her a smile "Good. I don't expect the research to begin for several years to come, I don't think." He paused for a moment glancing into the distance before he continued as he turned to her, seemingly regaining focus "Actually, you should spend some time with Professor Agoralos. It will do you some good to understand her."

Sandra digested that for a moment and she was about to nod until a curious thought entered her mind "You're planning for her to head this new Office, aren't you?"

Atticus turned to her and nodded with a small smile. "Don't tell her though. It is after all quite a number of years away."

"But she's…a little eccentric." Sandra said with a frown "Not really the type to be heading organisations." True she was basing it on the short exchange they had but still…

He only smiled as a mirthful gleam entered his eyes "If you think she's eccentric, wait until you meet a few more like her. Hypatia is practically mild." He said with a knowing tone, seemingly genuinely exciting him as he spoke of the prospect of others more eccentric than the professor.

Parkinson interjected, turning the conversation to another point "Those two students overheard much of what discussed."

He hummed "I know. They're fine. They'll be some of her first protégés." He dismissed cavalierly "They'll do good work" he tagged on which made her eye twitch.

"Will this method allow more like you to sprout into existence?" Sandra said long-sufferingly. Professor Agoralos might end up like him but she really hoped she'd be the only one.

Atticus' lips twitched "Not quite. You're quite safe from being overrun by Mostly-Knowing people" he said with an amused tone.

"Good. I think the universe can't handle many more beings such as yourself." Sandra said with a shake of the head.

She turned serious as she met his gaze "We've received news from the Japanese Delegates." She told him flatly.

He tilted his head in curiosity "And?" he questioned, his full attentions on her.

She let no emotions leak out as she explained "The trade agreements we've reached are favourable" To say they were favourable was an understatement.

Illos had little need of anything and while it wasn't a problem, it did make things a little stale. To be become a trading nation would do much to rejuvenate the people especially given that there were many things that they could offer and not just finished products either.

While the Japanese delegation were incredibly impressed with much of Illos, they were particularly impressed and interested in the yield of magical plants and crops Illos was able to produce.

With the loss of their trade agreements in Asia and most of the Magical World, Magical Japan were depleting much of their potion ingredient stock. They reversed some of their decisions that hampered an agreement and now it was likely they'd become a major importer of their ingredients should they get over the final hurdle.

One of the things they had done prior to their full settlement in Illos was to obtain every known specimen of magical plants and grow it all here which hadn't been an easy feat at all.

Magical plants were highly attuned to the locations they originated and the rarest plants needed specific conditions to bloom, conditions that they managed to replicate with their greenhouses through a combination of magic and science.

"But?" Atticus prodded.

She sighed "Any talk about forming a political and economic organisation independent from the ICW and its members cannot be continued along with signing the trading treaties until we meet their one fixed condition." She said as she met his gaze.

She suspected he probably knew.

Atticus' eyes narrowed but after a moment, he looked away, seemingly lost in thought. After a while he spoke up "Ieyasu Seiwa Genio wants to come here to talk to me personally."

"He does." She confirmed.

A small smile formed on his face even as he continued to look away. "It'll be years since I've seen the old man." He said with what sounded like almost a hint of respect in his tone.

He turned to her and nodded "Set it up. Let them dictate when. It doesn't matter."

Atticus turned to Parkinson. "It will be time to speak with MACUSA soon. Make sure we have the latest information available when we approach them." He said with an expressionless face.

That'll be an interesting meeting, Sandra mused.

Quite the family reunion if President Clito-Beauclerc is still head of state by the time everything is set up.

Speaking of family…

"Shall I contact your sister as well?" Parkinson asked intently.

Atticus remained silent for a moment. "No." He met Parkinson's unflinching gaze. "I'll speak with her myself." He said in a tone that brook no further conversation on that topic.

Parkinson bowed "My Lord." He intoned and Atticus turned to her again.

"Similarly it'll be time to approach France in the next year or two." Atticus' eyes were gleaming with anticipation before it faded away just as fast it appeared "We're not ready to be known to the wider Magical World but the time is fast approaching."

"I need you to liaise with Parelius" he nodded to Parkinson "And come up with a phasing plan to shift most of the people we have out in the world into Illos. That'll reduce the chances of the ICW chancing on us before we're ready. The risk has been getting too high."

She nodded.

She'd also talk with Derek about the Dormants and muggleborns – first generation magicals she corrected herself – who were working all across the world in Atticus' Mundane companies. Many of those first generation magicals were British who had left the Isles a few years ago when it became untenable to stay any longer.

She didn't think it would take much to convince them to move to Illos given that some of them had already seen the place. The others would be easily convinced given that Atticus had only gained in reputation amongst them.

"What about New Zealand?" Sandra questioned.

"Nothing will change for New Zealand. The operations there will remain running likely until the last moment" Atticus told her.

"Very well." She said after a moment. The families that had a magical child and agreed to move were often sent to America, Canada or Australia, places that Atticus' mundane companies held a significant presence in. But New Zealand was different…special.

The country since its inception had a limited Ministry which had been to their benefit. Slowly over the course of a short few years they managed to effectively turn the Ministry into an extension of Illos.

Most Dormant families that were trustworthy were sent there now and many of the overseas students came from New Zealand. These families were also more integrated into magical society which was on purpose. In time, they intended to take in all of those families into Illos. She'd speak with the Minister about accelerating the timeline on some of the plans.

"The time of taking it easy has come an end" Atticus said with a thin smile, his purple green eyes as hard as glittering gemstones.

"Sooner than we realise we'll be on the central stage" Atticus said before he turned towards the doors and proceeded to walk away from them, his steps echoing in the hall.

"And when the curtains fall, my old friends, we must rise to the occasion" He finished as he opened and walked out the doors.


-----------------Break-----------------​


29th​ of October 1952 – Wizengamot Chambers

Rasmussen Lestrange POV

He stood up as Chief Warlock Ollerton arrived and waited as the Chief Warlock took his seat. Ollerton banged his gavel.

"I call this session of the Wizengamot to order. My Lords and Ladies, please be seated." And he took his seat just as the others did.

"I welcome you all on this auspicious day…" he tuned out the ceremonial speech of the Chief Warlock and refocusing only when the agenda was listed out by the scribe.

He glanced at Lord Prince who sat on his right for a moment. Lord Prince gave no outward expression except for allowing a knowing glint to be seen in his eyes.

It seemed the rumours had been right he thought musingly.

The Minister was intent on circumventing tradition and open up with the trial instead of the normal proceedings.

The accused man, Jack Coulson was brought into the chambers with a spectrum of reactions though anticipation, irrelevant if it was disapproving or not, was shared by all.

He sat in his seat in the middle tier of the Wizengamot, lazily gazing down at the man accused in today's trial, hiding his interest in what was about to happen.

"This trial is a farce." The Lord Blackthorne whispered in the short interlude before the trial would begin, the hate in his voice clear to hear. He glanced around and saw him looking around the chambers with clenched teeth.

Lestrange set his hard eyes on the man at the blatant show of emotion.

Despite years of lordly training, he was still found…wanting when it came to being the Lord his House demanded him to be.

The bad muggle blood towered over what meagre noble blood the 'Lord' Blackthorne had.

"When hasn't this place been a farce, Michael?" 'Lord' Eveningshade said, his facial expression not changing from the stoic expression he wore.

Another squib descendant that found himself fortunate enough to carry the blood of a storied family and carry enough vestiges of family magic to be chosen as Lord Eveningshade.

Rasmussen almost scoffed. And yet they were the better bunch of a poor lot and fortunately for His Lady, they were also the ones who had the 'ancestral rights' to the permanent seats they now occupied.

There might have been more than six dozen squib descendants of extinct 'noble' bloodlines but only two were of any true value with eight having been from noble families that once had a Noble Elected seat but lost it in the wake of their family's 'extinction'.

As such, out of hundreds of squib descendants, there were only two were of any particular value and they sat above him next His Lady.

Even after all of these years they knew not how privileged they were that she had taken them under her protection.

Otherwise…

Well, it would have been a certainty that they would have been right there in the same place that man currently sat, awaiting 'judgement' from the Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot and that was if they were lucky.

After all…even if they were his 'allies', he could barely stand the presence of mudbloods of a 'higher rank' than himself and he knew the majority of the true Lords felt the same.

"We all know this is just another hunt to remove more troublesome" Eveningshade allowed his lips to sharpen in a hidden sneer "pieces of the board whilst at the same time rob them of what is rightfully theirs."

"I don't know why we're allowing this to hap-" Blackthorne's voice had threatened to rise but a carefully placed hand stopped him from voicing out any further.

His eyes travelled from the long delicate hands that were on Blackthorne's arm to the person it belonged to.

She was dressed in the most resplendent Wizengamot dress robes but that was not caught your eyes…no, what caught your attentions were her entire being.

Her long black silken hair was free and fell passed her shoulders, her pale skin resembled closer to marble with how pristine it was, how unmarred it was. Her delicate features did nothing to hide the strength and power she radiated.

Her eyes did not falter away from looking down at the man who sat with his counsel at the front in today's court proceedings.

"Now it is not the time…" she said, her words were spoken quietly but impossible to be unheard. She broke from her gaze and set her engulfing eyes upon Blackthorne "Nor the place." Blackthorne looked chastised and apologetic before he bowed his head and looked away.

Even if she was still only in her mid-twenties, she radiated the kind of authority that wizened old mages could only aspire to achieve. It was that same authority that managed to create the powerful political block that was the Ouroboros faction.

His Vasilissa was nothing but perfection.

Even now, he was in awe of her, especially with the way things were falling into place.

If Sayre was unrivalled in magic, she was unrivalled in politics.

Despite all the problems Magical Britain faced, and because of whom it faced, you would have thought she was vulnerable, to be targeted for the actions of her husband.

Yet, it was far from the case.

From the moment she married Sayre, she remained completely separate from his ambitions, her keeping her family name was certain proof of that, forming her own political group that leaned Traditionalist but where it differed was its central ideals laid in Education and Magical Culture.

She created orphanages – her measures of inviting orphaned children from the Continent contributed significantly in limiting the population decline – revamped the magical schools in Wales, Scotland and England entirely without governmental funding and she created free preschools for ages four to eleven funded out of her own pockets that focused on magical history, culture and theory along with preparing the students for Hogwarts where they would receive scholarships.

Her own academic successes rivalled that of Sayre when she became the second person in history to obtain at least two masteries before the age of nineteen and her duelling skills were put into display when she won the International Duelling Competition three times in a row at the age of seventeen, eighteen and nineteen.

During the growing conflict between Sayre, the Ministry and its Wizengamot allies, she remained neutral, offering no support to either side only asking in the public forum for moderation and peace as the conflict spiralled out of control.

The International Magical Press, a readership that exceeded that of the Daily Prophet even now despite the Daily Prophet being owned by the Ministry, followed her neutrality and did little to comment on the growing political crisis.

Many questions that arose, questions that should have been problematic for his Vasilissa, were sidestepped and diffused away. Questions that touched on the topic of their lack of unity were explained away by separating away unity in marriage from unity of politics, a point the public had accepted. In truth, there as little they would not accept, not with the way the public had taken to his Vasilissa.

Publicly, she was the perfect symbol of what an Heir of the Founders should be like.

She was powerful, focused on education as well as on the wellbeing of the coming generation and she funded many institutions dedicated to cultural heritage, from the Arts to a National Museum that showcased artefacts that belonged wizards and witches of note, such as the Slytherin Locket. Helga Hufflepuff's Cup and the Ravenclaw Diadem, all of which had catapulted her as an equal treasure to the public as those trinkets were.

Privately…

Well, he thought musingly to himself as he sat back in his chair, his eyes glancing towards the Traditionalist faction.

While nearly all the heirs who'd sworn their loyalty did not sit in their family seats yet, they still held significant influence on their Heads of Houses.

Not that she needed it all that much once they had met her in private. Any prospects of involving her in their conflict with Sayre died not long after they'd spoken with her.

Sayre had cast a long shadow but many had found that she could cast an equally long one should she desire and many knew she would not relinquish her position, not after publicly stating she would continue her ancestor's work in Britain for a long time to come.

He did not know what the agreements were reached at the end, rumours amongst her faithful were rife but he did know that she'd been important in facilitating the deal that led to Sayre's exile and prevented all-out civil war that could have escalated to another global conflict with the way the ICW and its puppets were involving themselves in their affairs.

His attentions drifted back to Minister Lowe, elected this year after Norton's replacement had been ousted due to poor performance, rose from his seat.

"Honoured Members of the Wizengamot" Lowe said in his gravelly voice "today we have all convened to preside over a trial that has been long time coming" Lowe gazed across the Chambers before his eyes settled on the man below who was fearful but nonetheless radiated hatred and contempt for the people in the chamber.

"One that will get to the bottom of the truth of the heinous act that was committed and that Mr Coulson is accused of performing!" The Minister said with a furious flourish before he continued pompously

"Normally, the threshold for the alleged crime committed would not have yielded a Wixen Court however, Honourable Lords and Ladies, we are presented with a crime that threatens the very stability of our nation, one that follows a slew of similar crimes that aims to weaken the very threads that keep our nation together" Lowe spoke passionately.

Rasmussen leaned forward from his chair, his eyes intently staring at the Minister.

Lowe had circumvented the standard procedures once again and used his executive authority to force it through into the Wixen Court, the highest judicial body of Magical Britain.

He wondered if it was a scheme made with the Traditionalists.

Unlikely, he mused to himself. It wasn't Lord Black's style to drag it out in such a dramatic fashion. It was likely Lowe's idea and execution with tacit approval from the Traditionalists at most.

He glanced at Lord Black. He sat stiffly, his posture exuded nothing short of utmost control as he watched the Minister's performance with an impassive face.

Besides Arcturus Black were Selwyn, Parkinson, Avery and Shafiq, a powerful block of five Most Ancient and Most Noble Houses

On the other side of the Chambers were the Progressives who had their own powerful block of Most Ancient and Most Noble Houses in Longbottom, Prewett, Bones, Abbott and Potter.

Despite McKinnon's lesser rank as an Ancient and Most Noble House, he had led the Progressives for over two decades yet the decline of the Progressive's influence had led to him being replaced by Fleamont Potter, a man who seemed most likely to reign in the increasing power of the Traditionalist faction.

Both faction had a collection of Noble Elected Houses though the Traditionalist had a slight majority in their favour as they managed to corral independents to their faction, likely because of Lord Black whose influence could not go unrecognised.

It helped that when the Sayres…departed and gave up their ancestral rights, another six Noble Elected seats opened up – though surprisingly the McDowell seat was left intact even if it was held by an abstaining proxy – when Ancient Houses such as Merek, Garrick and Carson left with the Sayres.

That allowed the Traditionalist – with the significant aid of the former Minister Norton – to get their sycophants seats in the Wizengamot with five out of six all ending up joining the Traditionalist faction.

It was a contributing factor to McKinnon losing his leadership position in the Progressives given the huge blow it represented.

With the growing influence of the Traditionalists, the independent seats were pressured in joining a side in the growing political chasm that was forming in the wake of the worst economic recession that gripped the country since records began.

The independents were now the smallest they've ever been, most of the remaining deciding to survive under the leadership of the Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Fawley who managed to get them organised in a small but vote swinging faction that could protect itself from pressure from any of the sides.

The Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Ollivander was one of the few remaining true independents.

And the last faction…the last faction was his own, the Ouroboros Faction under Lady Slytherin's leadership which had Greengrass, Blackthorne, Eveningshade and Nott and Carrow who had defected from the Traditionalist faction when their heirs convinced them to.

Six Most Ancient and Most Noble Houses were a powerful voice with a small but wealthy group of Noble Elected Houses forming its core and it had shown during the Sayre Crisis.

The Sayre Crisis…

An understated naming of a period that to this day still left its lingering touch on society. A touch that felt withering to most of the nobles and a touch that left the regretful commoners longing for more.

He glanced at the infamous Sayre seat that was left unoccupied.

The magic within the Chamber imbued by Merlin himself would not be so easily violated. That seat would remain there until the end of time and it cast an ominous shadow over the Wizengamot and what Sayre represented to its members.

His mind cast back as he delved into his memories.

Sayre had remodelled the entire economy to his family's whim, creating sectors and new forms of business nearly on a weekly basis.

It was genius, and in the end perhaps foolish, the way he ruthlessly upended centuries of economic makeup, breaking the gears that turned the economy of Magical Britain.

Scores of influential families were losing money, indirectly, to his inventions that gobbled up huge amount of market share as bespoke stores and shops found themselves with far less foot traffic than before as other interests and comparative products replaced centuries old 'traditional' products and goods.

If it had been just that, things might have worked out but Sayre had different ideas.

He'd used his incredible popularity, which continued to rise as he brought to the average magical a way to see the Magical World in their very living rooms with his M-Vision product, to campaign and advocate for laws to be repealed and putting forth laws that were intended – at least according to most nobles – to claw away power from the nobility and the Ministry.

That had been the signal to most of the elder Lords and Ladies that Sayre had no intention of playing by the rules that had been established for centuries upon centuries.

The Wizengamot protected its own and Sayre…Sayre had no interest in protecting them

Sayre had grown too powerful, his defeat of the most powerful Dark Lord in centuries, his status as a Sayre and his ability to gather legions of followers had all combined to form a looming dragon intent on devouring the carefully constructed power structure that ruled the Isles for centuries whole in a just a few swallows.

He had already begun with the economy and his extreme speeches in the Wizengamot were a death knell to any hopes they might have had about his intentions.

That realisation had been the turning point in their growing resentment, a realisation that sparked the fuel into an explosive despise and more importantly…burning fear.

In truth, the fear they held that their power would be destroyed was an understandable one.

The War on the continent had done a huge number on purebloods with a death toll that reached in the five figures and decimated entire ancient bloodlines and, as a consequence, many of the Ministries that had been gutted by Grindelwald and his followers, new 'democratic' government – in reality it was little better than oligarchy – had been instituted that removed much of the political privilege the nobility had by the ICW.

Only Greece, Italy, Portugal, Norway and Sweden retained their Wizengamot parallels as of today when before nearly all of Central and Western Europe had the nobility dictating policy and their nations.

To go the way of most European nations…

One of the secret covenants that bound the nobility of Magical Britain was that to jeopardise one of them was to jeopardise all of them.

And Sayre…

Sayre was threatening them all

It had been fascinating to watch, the decline of an unconquerable hero at the hands of the people he had saved.

The fears that the nobles held, regardless if they were progressives or traditionalists, were solidified into unbreakable diamonds when The Truth about The Returnees and the Lie of being Muggle Borne came out.

A book that forever altered the dynamics of Magical Society across the world no matter how much they tried to restore things back to the way they were by banning the book.

A book whose very existence cracked the screen of superiority his fellow purebloods had and later shattered as mudbloods gained access to the vaults and treasures of long dead ancient lines all because one critical point.

They had Family Magic.

Nearly all families worth their salt tied their legacy to family magic if all main line and branch clans were extinct, legacies that could only be reactivated on having the blood and magic of the family line.

Magic through centuries, through millennia, was shaped and formed into an encompassing nature that was family magic. It created a bond through blood and magic between family members and often resulted in the manifestation of certain characteristics, affinities and traits unique to that bloodline.

However weak their family magic may have been, however diluted it was, nonetheless it was undeniable that mudbloods held access to the most revered aspect in magical society.

Just as it was undeniable they had family magic, it was undeniable what they represented.

A threat to the very foundation the social order was constructed on.

To say it made unlikely allies was understating it.

McKinnon, who at the time had barely retained control over the Progressives faction following the Dumbledore Debacle, joined in complete arms with the Blacks to combat the rising threat they came to see as the Sayres.

Oswald Carlinger, Heir of the Noble House of Carlinger, stated that he'd heard that McKinnon, Prewett and MacMillan tried to talk to Lord Sayre in private, to press him to slow down the 'destabilising' reforms he was championing but it had been to no avail and so the Progressive-Traditionalist alliance for the first time since the founding of the Wizengamot was born, aimed to remove Lord Sayre from power at all costs.

Individual whispers began to gain in strength, a disharmonious melody that came together, louder and stronger, forming blades of wind that began into the thick, seemingly impervious scales of the looming dragon until it was no longer whispers but rather howling voices that sunk deep into its flesh and made the unconquerable seem far more surmountable.

And eventually…they managed to do what they set out to do at all costs, no matter how heavy.

'And the cost was heavy indeed' he mused to himself inwardly.

His eyes sported across the Chamber, his eyes trailing across the faces of the men and women who sat in their House seats.

They were old, most of them were over seventy years of age with a sizable number well over a hundred and fifty.

Would they have chosen differently then, if they knew the consequences of their actions?

The economy was still broken, a pale shadow of what it had once been in 1930, let alone the height of prosperity that was reached in 1945.

When the Sayres left, they took their preposterous wealth, a wealth that at the time had climbed to 21% of the total wealth of the country.

In 1945 the cost of a vial of Pepper-Up had been exactly one galleon. Now that same vial costs twelve galleons and its ingredients were just as costly. A far cry of when it had been twenty-three at the height of the crisis but it was still a steep problem.

At that time, the cost of living had also become untenable in Britain and had the Ministry not enacted emergency protocols that severely infringed on the Statute of Secrecy, Magical Britain would have descended into anarchy.

No one had considered that the Sayres would do this nor what it would result in. It seemed though Sayre had been exiled, he had the last laugh.

Whilst Britain was the most affected by this exile, it was by no means the only nation.

The Sayres had held significant wealth in many of the Magical World's banks and bar the ones in France and MACUSA, had all of that wealth withdrawn from the banks, instigating an economic crisis that piled onto the unrest that still existed in the aftermath of the Grindelwald War.

No one had been safe from the consequences, not even those who sat in this chamber. His own wealth was far from what it was before yet he was comfortably better off than most.

Poverty was still too high as was unemployment, assets had barely recovered forty percent of their pre-1948 levels, the Ministry was in a mountain of debt and businesses that managed to survive were barely turning a profit. The Ministry tried – and continued to try – to reignite the economy but the shock that resulted from the economic recession was just too debilitating for it to be solved in the short term.

The measures the Wizengamot had passed had been promising, at least at face value and perhaps the measures of the Wizengamot could have worked had it not been for the population decline that seemed impossible to stop without drastic actions.

In 1945, there was a population of roughly 32,000 people. In 1952, the population was under 24,000 and still falling.

In just seven years, the population declined by twenty-five percent, a loss that put Magical Britain on par to some of the worst struck countries during the Grindelwald war.

Though only half of the eight thousand left with Sayre, the other half left to seek greener pastures in the Colonies or left because the reactionary measures taken by the Ministry that infringed on their lives and livelihoods.

And even if many of those that left because of those measures were mudbloods, a sizeable number were still young half-bloods and poorer purebloods who took offense at finding themselves being forced into taking critical but hard and low paying jobs that had been left vacated due to the people who left with Sayre.

When Sayre left, he took, along with his wealth, most of the hedge witches and wizards, people no one in these chambers would spare a thought for yet were as vital to Magical Britain as Hogwarts was.

When the muggle war had been going on and rations had been in full swing limiting the food supply available, the farmsteads of the hedge witches and wizards had been forced to sell at the same rate the Ministry normally purchased from the muggle world. Such an act put those families in dire straits as the exchange rate effectively gotten them eighty-five percent less than what they used to get for the same harvest yield.

Sayre had campaigned on their behalf, even financed them from his own coffers and in return, after the deal was struck and he was exiled, they had been all too happy to leave with him and sold their lands off to House Greengrass.

There were many such acts of generosity, of kindness made to struggling people – struggling people who did important if menial jobs – who were in the end convinced that they were better off with Sayre than they were remaining in the Isles.

An opinion that more and more commoners were beginning to think as the Ministry showed its incompetence and inability to deal with the problems that mired the country.

The population decline, the high inflation, the loss of labour in important industries, the civil unrest that continued to burble below the surface of Magical Society, all of it continued unabated with no end in sight, no matter how successful the knock off inventions based on Sayre's products were.

Even after the destruction of Sayre's political power in Magical Britain, the shadow of the consequences of the actions against Sayre still cast a large shadow over the Isles, one that seemed to continue its growth, slowly unravelling Magical Society down to its very bones and this trial…

This trial would only hasten it.

The Minister turned away from addressing the Chamber and gazed down at Coulson with a harsh glare "Mr Coulson" The Minister said with a scowl in his voice "was fortunate enough to inherit the wealth of the Ancient House of Cavil, a wealth that put him on par with the wealthiest of nobles sitting here!" He said to the Lords and Ladies of the chamber as he turned around, flailing his right arm aggressively.

"And yet, you might wonder, My Lords, My Ladies, what has been done with the wealth that members of House Cavil laboriously gathered over centuries when they were a part of our community?" He asked as he peered over his box towards the nobles "Do you think it has been used to invest in British business to help the economy grow?" Low shook his head fervently as he raised his index finger

"It has not, My Lords, My Ladies." Lowe said with a disappointed tone before he perked up dramatically as he spoke once more to the chamber "You might then wonder, and you would be right to, has he instead decided to use it fund his own enterprises?"

Minister Lowe stared down at Mr Coulson with an angered expression "And once more it is not what Mr Coulson chose to do. No…instead of being a productive member of society, he instead chose to be subversive!" Minister Lowe said loudly with a furious consternated expression.

"Choosing to use the wealth of a storied family to fund a radical movement!" Minister Lowe said rousingly and the chamber murmured amongst themselves as disdainful looks were sent Coulson's way.

"The Isonomian Movement, My Lords, My Ladies, is a far from just an angry collection of people" Minister Lowe shook his head "Some amongst us here today may state that they are but a minor group amongst many but that is not true. None of the other groups threatens the very stability of our nation the way this movement does, with what they are advocating for and Mr Coulson's donation is far from innocent." The Minister said passionately to the chamber before he straightened up and continued

"You may wonder what it has to do with the charges that are levied against Mr Coulson and why his trial has been moved before the Wixen Court." Minister Low stated to the Chamber.

"It is true that the violation of the restrictions set in the Galleon Transference Act of 1949 should have only yielded at most a fine in the Magistrates' Court but there is more to this…donation, My Lords, My Ladies and I have incontrovertible proof that connects Mr Coulson" The Minister spat out "is personally involved in an insidious, elaborate scheme to that is intent on overthrowing the very institutions that preside within these chambers today!" The Minster shouted out and the volume in the chamber increased.

So he was going in that route then was he? Rasmussen mused to himself.

To take a case from the Magistrates' Court to the Wixen Court was quite the leap and was one that hardly ever happened. There were three courts of Magical Britain; the Magistrates Court, the Principal Court and the Wixen Court.

The Magistrates court dealt with the majority of the criminal offences up and settled civil disputes between families when one or both parties desired an impartial outcome by a panel of oath sworn magistrates.

Ironically this lesser court was also the most impartial and least vulnerable to corruption and bribery.

The Principal Court dealt with the more serious crimes such as murder and use of banned magicks. This Court was presided by a judge and jury though they were primarily Ministry officials. It was also the court that primarily dealt with appeals and restitutions from the Ministry.

The Wixen Court however was the most senior of Courts and involved in dealing with the most serious of crimes and issues tending to be of national significance.

These tended to be things such as Line Theft, Line Extermination, Gross Violation of the Statute of Secrecy and of course Disrupting the National Peace.

It seemed that Lowe was entirely intent on having Coulson charged with Disrupting the National Peace…something that was historically used to persecute wizards and witches that followed and aided Dark Lords. Words such as treason may be used but ultimately it was this that people were charged with.

Rasmussen couldn't help but find it wildly amusing, the lengths those like Lowe would go in protecting their own hides through using stolen wealth to make a dent in the glaring budget deficit that existed.

Even once they succeeded in getting Coulson convicted, summarily executed and his wealth seized, it would do little but plaster over the cracks. Eventually the public would see Lowe lied about the things he'd promised when nothing changed in the next year or so and at that point…well, they'd see how much patience the public had left.

Chief Warlock Ollerton banged his gavel "Order!" the room quieted down once more.

Ollerton sent a look at the Minister "You may have taken the role of Prosecutor for this trial but I will remind you that you are skirting the line with your statements." The Chief Warlock warned the Minister. "Any further such outburst will have you noted in breach of decorum."

The Minister gave a stiff nod to the Chief Warlock and cast his gaze back at the Chamber "You must ask yourselves, My Lords, My Ladies…it is a donation today but what about tomorrow?" His voice reduced down in volume as he trailed his eyes across the chamber

"Tomorrow when the Isonomian Movement and others such like it, have a war chest filled enough to bring into reality what they only speak in hushed words now?" He posed to the chamber and Rasmussen could see that the Minster's words were having an effect – at least on those who were not read into this...performance.

"That is why I have brought this case before you, My Lords, My Ladies. Not because of a minor crime, not because of whom had committed it" Minister Lowe said pointedly to the Progressives faction "But rather for what it represents." The Minister drew himself up "He is here today because of treason, My Lords, My Ladies, and it is not an easy accusation to make, I know" he said with a raised hand as murmurs rose in the public gallery even as those seated in the chamber remained silent.

The Isonomian Movement was real, just as there were a few others like it though what made it different from others was that it was a movement that largely had mudbloods, half bloods and squibs in its organisation, were known to campaign for the repeal of the harsh laws that had been levied against them after The Truth about the The Returnees and the Lie of being Muggle Borne had come out.

They were far from what Minister Lowe was insinuating they were and it was distracting of what the true goal of this trial was.

"But it is made because of the very nature of what the people Mr Coulson donated to represent. We have placed arrest warrants on these subversives and in time they will be caught but all of that will be in vain if we do not put men like Mr Coulson to task!" the Minister said passionately to the crowd.

Lowe continued for several more minutes, pomp and deluge streamed out of the man's mouth at an impressive rate.

He could stare with bemusement at the Minister that somehow managed to spew such impressive fearmongering nonsense.

The man was middle aged and was shorter than average. Where he made up in physical stature was his ability to make people listen, whether they wanted to or not, a dangerous skill that made him someone to be wary of.

Especially given the company the Noble House of Lowe usually kept. They had a seat amongst the Noble Elected though they were independent, for the most part.

In many ways you could consider this trial to be a showing of where House Lowe's allegiances laid. They were a family were certain pureblood sentiments and this trial was not the first of its kind.

It was not surprising that farcical trials however amusing they may be, were happening at a faster rate given the leanings the Minister and his House had.

The Traditionalists under Lord Black capitalised on the waning influence of Progressives and managed to sway the Independents to vote in line with them resulting in Lowe taking the Ministership.

Finally, the Minister ended his opening statement and sat down.

"The Chair recognises Lord Fleamont Potter" Chief Warlock Ollerton intoned as Potter rose from his seat.

In the Wixen Court, the Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot were the 'jury' yet they were also permitted to speak in the trial itself to raise questions and to offer rebuttals.

"Once more" Lord Potter began, his tone flinty as a harsh countenance crossed his face "our judicial system is abused. What should be a minor crime brought before a panel of judges is instead elevated into a major crime." Lord Potter's lips drew to a thin line

"I do not fail to understand why it is we sit here given the…nature" Lord Potter rounded towards the Minister with a scathing look "of the case itself, one that seems to be disturbingly similar to the sixteen other such cases brought before the Principal Courts during the Minister's short seven month's reign as Minister." Lord Potter said with narrowed eyes.

Rasmussen inwardly smiled as he leaned forward. It was going to be interesting.

Lord Potter had come informed. In the past half year or so, there had been a systematic persecution of mudbloods, mudbloods who had inherited sizable wealth but had been astute enough to remain invisible – until now.

During the immediate economic crisis, stringent laws had been passed that prevented any withdrawal over a certain amount – something the goblins surprisingly agreed with – and as such, anyone who had a fortune would find it nearly impossible to leave with all their wealth, not after the Goblins had enchanted Gringotts to prevent any space expansion charms or runes from working within the Vaults.

That meant that wealthy mudbloods had to remain in Britain if they ever wished to enjoy their inheritance.

The Ministry was now fully focused on capitalising on it by taking nearly all if not most of their wealth on trumped up charges.

"But to claim treason?" Lord Potter questioned disbelieving "This is seven steps too far and you know it. Minister Lowe, when will this crusade end?" Lord Potter said to the chamber as much as he said it to the Minster. "Instead of dealing with the chronic problems that the country faces, you continue the legacy of the former Minister Norton." This garnered murmurs of agreement amongst the crowd in the public gallery.

In the past year or so, public's anger was slowly shifted away from the Sayres despite the Daily Prophet's best attempts and instead the public had largely begun blaming Norton for the economic problems that Magical Britain faced.

He'd been ousted less than a year after Sayre's exile and his successor hadn't even lasted a full term before Minister Lowe was elected.

"A legacy that we still suffer from to this day as the economy continues to not recover, as unemployment remains high and unresolved, as the cost of living remains indefensibly obscene!" Lord Potter's voice was furious by the time he arrived at the end of his sentence and the crowd voiced their agreement even more. "Stop this crusade and actually attend to matters that are crying out to be dealt with! What you're doing is doing nothing but harm on an already hurting society" Lord Potter said with a scathing tone before he sat down, his arms crossed and his head shaking in dismay.

The Minister stood up to answer after being allowed to by the Chief Warlock "There is no crusade and I protest such unwarranted accusations!" The Minister cried outraged and jeers and hollers rang in the Chambers until the Chief Warlock managed to restore order.

The Minister spoke again, an angered expression on his face flashed before he schooled it "My cabinet since the day I was elected has been prudently working to grow the economy! In the past seven months the economy has grown for the first time since before the crisis has hit!"

"Aye, with Blood Money" Lord Longbottom, the Grindelwald war veteran shouted out and the Chief Warlock amidst cheers from the Progressives banged his gavel.

"Order! I will have order!" the Chief Warlock bellowed out and the chamber silenced.

"Lord Longbottom" the Chief Warlock intoned gravely "Refrain from shouting across the chamber. Do it again and I will hold you in contempt" the Chief Warlock warned.

Lord Longbottom dismissively nodded his acceptance before flashing the Minister a gruelling smile.

Rasmussen looked on amused.

"They're quite intent on derailing the trial" Lord Prince mused. He turned to the man who sat next to him as Lord Carrow spoke up next.

"It's in their best interest to do so. The last thing they want is Lowe to see out his full term as Minister" Lord Carrow, the elderly statesman said. The old man's eyes glimmered with cold amusement "Not that his chances of actually seeing it out were that high in the first place. That Ministership is a poisoned chalice."

Rasmussen agreed.

Years had passed since the economic crisis and there is still no horizon in sight of a better tomorrow. The public still remembered the prosperous times and as each day passed, longing increased and anger rose.

"Does it even matter if Lowe gets booted out before his term is up?" Blackthorne said with a scowl in his voice. "The Traditionalists would just get another one of their cronies in the seat."

"Not if we actually voted for once." Eveningshade murmured and Rasmussen kept his silence even if it proved difficult.

"Don't be a fool." Lord Prince glanced towards Eveningshade even as his expression was stoic. "I know it must be hard, Lord Eveningshade" Lord Prince said with a disdainful tone, one that enraged Eveningshade "But not even you are so blind to see that there is little advantage at present to involve ourselves in the unstable cauldron that is before us."

"An unstable cauldron that we can stabilise" Eveningshade rebutted "How does it help that we allow these people" Eveningshade spat out "ruin this country even more than it already is? Not to mention the insipid treatment they enforce on squib-descendants! Things are worse than they have ever been!" He said with a shake of the head.

"And now they are stepping things up by putting forth fraudulent charges that are little more than a way to use people as scapegoats as they rob them blind. If they keep going, they're going to make what they're accusing Coulson of into a reality." Eveningshade said with hard eyes that promised he'd be involved in bringing about that reality.

"Careful now…those are words that can easily see you down there in the same seat as Coulson" Lord Prince warned with narrowed eyes.

"Not with the support I'll have from my people" Eveningshade said with gritted teeth.

"What people?" Lord Nott said musingly as he turned to Eveningshade "Your people" Lord Nott said in a mocking voice as he stared directly at Eveningshade with unblinking eyes "Are far from the numbers they used to be. They're also far less capable than the ones who had the good sense to leave years ago." Lord Nott said with a glimmer of amusement in his eyes before it went away and a sheen of coldness replaced it.

"The hardship they face is…unfortunate but they are not the only ones who face it and ultimately they number less than two thousand out of a population of twenty-four thousand. Their problems are not important and neither is your indignation towards their irrelevancy."

Eveningshade looked outraged with the way his eyes widened but before he could retort, their Vasilissa spoke up.

"Enough." She said, her voice cracking like a whip that silenced anyone who might have attempted to speak. Had the one-way silence ward not been active, a ward that allowed coalitions to speak freely without concern of being overheard, Rasmussen had no doubt that even the farthest away seat would have heard her.

She turned to them, her near black eyes set sternly towards them "I will not have you bicker amongst yourselves like children" she said, her tone non-negotiable "There will be time to discuss" she said as her eyes flickered towards Eveningshade who looked down in submission before flickering to Lord Nott who met her gaze unflinchingly "the concerns any of you might have in tomorrow's meeting." she said and her tone was final on that subject.

No one disagreed with her.

"And Lord Eveningshade?" his Vasilissa said in a soft tone, one that was as dangerous as it was entreating. Eveningshade looked up and met her gaze though he was hesitant to.

"Yes, my Lady?" Eveningshade asked warily.

"You may be tempted to veer away from the agreed plan and I can understand that." She said, pausing for a moment, a pause that somehow felt heavier than it should be. Her eyes were set upon Eveningshade in a way that seemed as if she was staring down into his very soul.

"After all, you may feel obliged to vote with your conscience, to think that it is the right thing to do and say 'damn the consequences' regardless of what they may be" She leaned forward and her eyes began to glow dimly in the well-lit chamber even as her face remained expressionless and it only increased its frightful intensity.

Eveningshade swallowed harshly even if he managed to keep his composure "I-I won't, my Lady. I won't veer away from the plan."

Her expressionless face finally broke and a razor sharp smile, a small one but sharp smile nonetheless, formed. "I know." She said calmly. "I know I can depend on you, Lord Eveningshade." She said with an incline of the head.

"After all, you know better than to surprise me." She finished as her eyes flickered away from Eveningshade in a way that seemed to dismiss him. She leaned back in her seat and her expressionless face returned.

Rasmussen allowed an amused tug of the lips to form before he returned his attentions back at the trial.

The trial continued apace, the defence had done admirably and had it been an objective court he would have won. In truth, had there not been a ban on brewing expensive potions that were vital for health or injury, perhaps he may even have been able to win despite the rigged state of affairs with the aid of Veritaserum.

Much of what the Minister said was little more than fearmongering and the witness he had brought forth was his only 'proof' of treasonous activities.

"You may now cast your votes" Chief Warlock Ollerton said.

The process of voting was simply. Within each seat there an enchanted orb that registered the person's vote. Abstain, aye or nay.

A slew of orbs went up, flickering one colour or another as people voted.

An unbroken sea of green, aye, went up in the Traditionalist camp and the same happen in the Independents.

The Progressives showed their disjointedness as more than a few green stars radiated amongst a red canvas. It would not have mattered even if they had been wholly united but it sent a clear message of the internal problems they had.

Their own faction, Ouroboros was an unyielding grey as they abstained, something that surprised no one in the chambers.

For years, they'd abstained from voting on sensitive divisive matters even if it proved disadvantageous to their cause.

But Rome was not built in a day and it was not yet time to tear down the decrepit shacks of houses that stood in its place.

Finally, one of the clerks shot a spell which tallied the votes; 69%.

"Mr Coulson" The Chief Warlock spoke up gravely as the crowd and chamber quieted down to a hush and then silence.

"You have been found guilty by the majority of Wizengamot for Disrupting the National Peace and such you have been sentenced to death via the Veil. May Magic have mercy on your soul" The Chief Warlock banged his gavel.

Cheers and jeers coalesced from amongst the nobles and the crowd in the public gallery.

"You think this is justice?!" Coulson raged out over the noisy chambers as his face contorted in a hateful expression, his head swivelling around rapidly as he glared at the Wizengamot, particularly towards the Traditionalist side.

"That you continue to get away with what you're doing?" The Aurors quickly grabbed him by the arms. "One day, one day you will get what you deserve! Robbing and killing innocent people because you despise the fact that we have you loathingly think we should not have!" Coulson raged as he struggled against the Aurors, his eyes wild with hate. "Our blood and magic is just as SPECIAL as yours is, you INBRED FUCKS and one day you will get your dues, you BASTA-" he was cut off, silenced as he was dragged away amongst claps and jeers.

Rasmussen glanced at the public gallery. He could see Coulson's words had an effect with some and they probably weren't just mudbloods either.

Another shack has fallen apart.

How many more, he wondered, until everything fell apart?

The session ended and he met with his Vasilissa with the other senior members of Ouroboros outside the doors of the Wizengamot. Blackthorne and Eveningshade were upset, that was far too easy to see.

They had to be reined in, he darkly mused to himself as he caught Blackthorne glare hatefully at a smug Lord Avery. It would not do for them to jeopardise all that their Vasilissa was working for even if they knew nothing of it.

"What time shall we meet?" Lord Prince inquired.

"We will meet at Slytherin Manor at ten in the morning." Lady Slytherin said calmly before her eyes fell upon Blackthorne and Eveningshade "Do not give any of them the opportunity to capitalise from your volatile state." She said with a fixed look.

"We wouldn't" Blackthorne said defensively.

"Wouldn't you?" Lord Nott said musingly "If they came to you now, said just the right thing…would you not make an error in judgment that not even Lady Slytherin can defend you from?" Lord Nott posed in a drawl.

His Vasilissa sent a look at Nott who dipped his head "My apologies, my Lady. It had to be said given the way they seem so eager to throw away all the hard work you've done to protect them from the realities of life."

"Are you suggesting we're ungrateful?" Blackthorne asked harshly.

Lord Nott only countered with a tilted head and a small smile that said everything.

The hairs of his body stood at mast as an air constricting pressure descended on them all. They all turned stiff as they turned to her.

Her expression was unchanged yet her eyes glowed impossibly black, her posture was the same yet now she radiated intimidation.

"My Lady." Rasmussen said with a struggle as he bowed his head.

She turned to Blackthorne and then Eveningshade and she spoke "Do not leave your homes until it's time to convene. You'll need a clear head for what we're to discuss tomorrow." She said and it was clear that it was a dismissal.

"Yes, My Lady" "My Lady" Eveningshade and Blackthorne bowed their heads and left.

His Vasilissa watched them go departs towards the elevators that led to the Floo before her eyes flickered to Lord Nott. "Your disdain of them is turning into a problem."

Lord Nott said nothing for a moment until he responded. "They are a problem." He said as he met her gaze unflinchingly "Not because they are mudbloods but because they lack control."

Lord Carrow scoffed "Obvious to anyone" he muttered "Especially to Avery and the others."

"You could always school them, Lord Nott?" Rasmussen said with a wry smile, one that did not amuse Lord Nott at all.

"That is an excellent idea, Rasmussen." She said with a gleam in her eyes as she turned to Lord Nott who was visibly surprised. "Oh?" she said with a tilted head as a far from innocent look crossed her face "You don't think it's a good idea?" Her expression changed and it was as cold as the vicious freezing air of the Arctic.

"Then perhaps you should refrain from antagonising them lest you find yourself teaching them the control they lack." She said with a fixed gaze.

Lord Nott was expressionless for a moment before he nodded "Of course my Lady." He said with a tilt of the head.

Soon enough they all separated until he was left with his Vasilissa who he was walking with to the Floo stations where she'd take a Floo to Hogwarts. While she had Slytherin Manor built on the ancient Slytherin lands, she lived in the castle most of the time given that she recently became Deputy Headmistress when Michais Fawley retired.

"Are you still planning on going to the theatres?" she questioned as she stopped before the Floo and turned to him with a curious look in her eyes.

"I am." He told her and she smiled.

"Good." She said as she turned around and grabbed a handful of floo powder. "I hear tickets were all sold out." She said as she threw floo powder into the fire. "I'm sure you'll find it interesting" she said with a curl of the lips as she disappeared in a swirl of fire.

A few hours later he walked through the more luxurious parts of Diagon Alley until he neared his destination.

He waded past the line that queued up at the front of the Nine Realms Theatre and flashed his Lordship ring at the guards who bowed as they let him through. He paid none of them any mind as he walked the steps towards his private box, one that belonged to House Lestrange.

House Lestrange…

A few short years after he'd come of age, his great uncle had passed in his sleep and finally allowed him to gain the headship of House Lestrange and all that came with it.

He drank of his firewhiskey as he brought it to his lips.

His great uncle had never truly cared for any of his extended family, and, in truth, he didn't either.

Still, he had been chosen heir to the Lestrange family, the black sheep his family had all underestimated and discarded, too late to realise the changes that he'd undergone during his time at Hogwarts.

As he brought his glass to his lips, he allowed a blood curling smile to form as a savage gleam entered his eyes.

It was ironic that he'd been alienated in the family for so long and yet he was the only male Lestrange alive now given the tragic fluke of an accident that resulted in most of his cousins dying at the fiery jaws of a rampaging Swedish Short Snout.

He savoured the taste of the firewhiskey as the curtains opened and a cover of dark grey, near black smoke erupted onto the stage.

The deaths of his cousins were orchestrated as much as it was to fulfil his desires as it was necessary for his Vasilissa.

His smile wore off as a hard glint entered his eyes.

There could be no betrayal from House Lestrange against his Vasilissa and House Black could have won his cousins over with the promise of Headship.

Rolling drums swept into the theatre jolting audience into rapt attention as the sounds seemed to wash away the dark grey smoke as figures in loose cloth appeared from the smoke.

The enchantments of the theatre were masterfully done, allowing the illusion that the stage was larger than it was, had a depth greater than it had with the way the stage was moving the landscape along as the figures walked, moved.

It was dark though silhouettes of trees were easily discernible indicating they were in a forest. As they walked, it was easy to spot their tired, slow gaits as they moved through the dark of night.

Moonlight shone through the trees and cleared much of the darkness away.

There were about twenty people, half of them wore tunics, mantles and loose pantaloons that all seemed to be of the same cloth whilst they had ornamental bracelets and torcs made out of twisted golden wires. They also had primitive weapon, most of the figures had weapons had spears with what seemed to be an iron spearhead with runic symbols etched on its surface mounted on a wooden shaft.

Beyond what was clearly warriors, there were women and children though what caught the eye were the men dressed in druid garments and the long staff they wielded.

They were all worse for wear, they were wretched and miserable, their cloths seemed ragged and falling apart, their tired motions were impossible to miss.

"Father, father, where will we go?" one of the children cried out as he tugged at his father's tunic.

The Father picked up his child and held him dear.

"I don't know Son, we will go wherever Avalonia may lead us" the Father whispered to his son and he continued to walk with his son in his arms.

Wolves howled in the deep of the forest, frightening the people – and the audience – and a little girl cried out

"Mother, mother, can we go home?" she begged and the Mother crouched down and hugged her child.

"We cannot home, my child, for we have been forsaken and chased out. We must find elsewhere to call home" the Mother said tearfully to her daughter as she stood back up and took her daughter's hand and continued to walk tiredly.

The wind howled as the tired, wretched people marched on under the light of the moon, until the howling wind slowed and twisted into whistling winds, whistling winds that began to sound like whispering words.

"Heart....Heart…Heart…" the wind seemed to whistle and one of the taller druids stopped, the rest of the clan seemingly unable to hear the words spoken by the wind.

The druid faced towards the moon, his staff raised high in the air.

"Oooh Avalonia, how could 'tis happen?!" the aged voice of the druid cried out.

"Why have you forsaken us, oh great mother! What have we done to earn the attentions of the Ravenous Romans who have hounded us out of our homes, out of our lands! Oooh Avalonia, please tell me what we have done wrong!" The aged druid seemed to beseech upon their deity.

The whistling winds were eerily silent and the aged druid collapsed onto his knees, seemingly having lost the will to continue on.

"Oooh Avalonia, do not forsake us any further! Tell me what we must do, where we must go! We beg you, oh great mother, take us back into your bosom!" The druid cried out, his voice ever more fragile.

His head slumped as the whistling winds whistled no more, the silence seemed to break the aged druid as his head bowed with his hands clasped tightly onto the staff.

It seemed he had given up, left alone in the dark forest, his clan having continued on without him.

A wolf began to howl in the distance, then another and then three more, their voraciousness was apparent in their howls, their hunger clear to hear for all, much to the audience despondency and fear.

Until…

The howls stopped and frightful yapping replaced once greedy and menacing howls and the head of the druid looked up and gasped.

The face of the moon seemed to change, gaining features slowly but with an inevitability. The moon seemed to grow larger and larger until it seemed to loom over the druid and the audience and it began to change form, no longer round but thinning and thinning until it formed into an ethereal woman, silver of hair and in a glowing white dress. Her eyes were pure white light, no pupils or irises could be seen.

She floated down from the sky until she was before the druid.

The druid bowed his head, touching the forest earth "Oh Avalonia, you bless me with your presence!" The druid cried out reverently.

"Stand…" the wind whistled. A kind expression was on the goddess' face "Stand, you are one of my Children…" the wind whistled once more.

The druid stood up, leaning on his staff as he did so "Oooh great mother, you have done this old man a great favour by coming to me but I must ask, why now, why not before, before we were chased away by the treacherous Romans?" The Druid begged of the goddess as the staff fell to the ground as druid's hands came together in a pleading gesture.

The goddess' expression changed slightly, morphing into a saddened smile and spoke through the whistling winds once more "'Tis is so written, 'tis must be" she told the druid and the druid cried out.

"Oooh great mother, Goddess of the Avalonians, is there nothing that can be done? They will not cease, their hunger for our lands and our blood is unending, ooh great mother, I beg you, save us!" The druid begged of the goddess.

The goddess did nothing for a few moments before the silver haired goddess looked up and reached out into the star-filled sky. She plucked star after star from the sky until there were hundreds of them floating in the air before her.

She brought her hands together and the stars began to clump together one after the other and a bright light that was blinding struck before it dimmed away and revealed a glowing sword to the druid and to the audience.

The goddess stretched out her hand to ground and a broken branch rose before it was filed away into a scabbard with beautiful carvings and what seemed to be runes on the surfaces.

The goddess turned her attentions to the druid and the sword sheathed within the scabbard and floated before the druid.

The wind began to howl furiously, dangerously before it settled into a whispering whistle "I have heard the pleas of My Children, I have Chosen. Go to the Heart of Avalonia, the lands of where my Champion amongst My Children shall be.

Take this sword to Him. He will lead you to a better tomorrow for those who hold Avalonia true to their Hearts will surely follow him."

"Oh great mother, I shall go where you decree and take this sword to your Chosen, the Chosen amongst our people!" The druid said in exaltation as he plucked the sword from the air, wonder and awe on his expression. He looked back at the goddess

"I will tell all I come across to go to the Heart of Avalonia and follow the great mother's Chosen!" The druid paused for a moment, scratching his long white beard.

"How will I know who the Chosen, oh great mother?" The druid asked

"Only my Champion may take the sword from its scabbard and wield it. No others are worthy" The winds whistled before she rose back into the sky and changed back into the moon, leaving the druid alone with the sword and the quest given to him by the goddess of Avalonia.

The druid picked up his staff and ran. He ran and ran until he caught up with the rest of his clan and told them of what he experienced.

The clan's hopes and spirits were lifted as they marvelled at the intricately made scabbard and one by one each of them tried to take out the sword but it proved to be impossible.

They became convinced and their tired motions gained a freshness to them as they resolved themselves to head to where their goddess directed them to go, to go to the Champion who would save their people.

The clan met other clans and each time they were told what their goddess told them to do and each time they tried to take the sword out of the scabbard but found it impossible.

The story continued as more and more people were given word of what their goddess had instructed and made their way towards the heartlands of Avalonia.

The play somehow managed to conjure a depth that boggled the mind as the landscape showed a horizon with rolling hills and lush fields with thousands of makeshift huts that signified the sheer scale of the number of people around.

The play continued and moved onto chiefs of different clans arguing and cursing each other.

They mocked one another and they fought against each other as none of them had been able to pull the sword from the scabbard and they proclaimed that the druid lied for they exclaimed that any of them were worthy of a sword crafted by their goddess.

Things continued to worsen as old feuds rose to the surface even in the wake of annihilation and death, unable to see sense and reason with their sight misted with a red fog of anger and pride.

Hubris and arrogance threatened to escalate things into all out war between the clans, forgetting the reason why they had even gathered. Their goddess was a distant memory as things were about to boil over until…

Until a young chieftain who lived on these lands arrived to stop a duel, a chieftain none of them had given the time of day. He looked around and arrived at the centre.

"Why are we fighting amongst each other, when we should be helping one another?" the young chieftain exclaimed loudly as the other chiefs quieted down, their expression far from warm as they seemed to question why this irrelevant young chieftain from tiny lands in the centre of Avalonia was speaking amongst his betters.

"Have we not got enough enemies to fight already, ooh brothers? Are we so poisoned by our misery, so consumed by resentment, jealously and anger that we cannot see we are the same more than we are different? Do we not call Avalonia, our home and our mother?!" The young man cried out questioningly to the elder chiefs who begrudgingly nodded.

"Then are we not kin for all share the same great mother? The mother whom we suckled from the teat, the mother who nourished us, fed us, cared for us?!" The young man's passion and fervour grew, charging the atmosphere with his electric presence.

"Aye" the chiefs spoke up though still uncertain.

"All of us, all our peoples have been driven from their homes, from their lands where their fathers rest, where their father's father rest!

We have been bullied, we have been harried – we have been killed! – we have been chased out of the lands we have called home and yet instead of our shared struggle bringing us closer, it threatens to tear us apart!

My brothers, sons of our great mother, where is your fury, where is your rage, where is your Heart when our people cry out for their leaders of men to save from the Ravenous Romans, to save them from the despair and bitterness that is creeping in their souls as Avalonia is ripped away from their flesh?

Do not give into to mindless envy, to heartless resentment, my brothers, and rise above it, rise above the despair and the misery and come together as our mother wishes us to be! Let us FIGHT together" The chieftains were all roaring their agreement by now as the young man walked towards the stone table where the sword in its scabbard rested.

"Let us FIGHT for the love we all bear our great mother, let us FIGHT for the liberty, the hopes, the wishes of ALL OF OUR PEOPLE" the chieftains roared once more as he neared the scabbard that seemed to begin glowing.

"Let us RISE together for if we do not we will surely fall apart alone! We are of Avalonia!" The young man shouted as he reached the scabbard. He took the hilt of the sword and placed his other hand on the mid rift of the scabbard "Within all of us is Avalonia, within all of us is a shard of our great mother's divinity for we are her children. Let us unite for if united none can stand in our way, oooh brothers!" He slid the scabbard of the sword and the glowing sword rose in the air.

The chieftains roared and roared and they called out the young man's name again and again. "Are you with me, oooh brothers?!"

The roar that followed was deafening and the act ended as the curtain drew once more.

The play continued on, war and death played out on stage just as triumph and bittersweet victory did.

Rasmussen glanced around at the full theatre, his eyes surveying all around him.

Stories…stories were as old as humanity itself. The legacy of entire peoples are in stories, stories that are turned into myths and myths that turned into stories.

Most stories that people cherish and are inspired by were those that contained the strongest inclinations of a people. Inclinations such as nobility, strength, honour, triumph over hardship and enemies. Characteristics of a classic Hero, something that the peoples of Britain have been enamoured with since time immemorial.

Magical Britain cherished the story of the Hero, the hero who rose up and defeated the wicked evil that terrorised the lands and its people. King Arthur, Merlin, the Peverell Brothers, all of those heroes were cornerstones of what it means to be the perfect Briton.

They were revered because they embody greatness, the root and soul of the greatness of men and of nation, people who have by their actions become the very spiritual centre of Britain.

The myths, the stories, they are a faith, a passion and it did not matter if it is a reality.

After all, faith never relied on truth.

Rasmussen brought the glass to his lips and drank the last remaining firewhiskey in one swig and gave the play his full attentions once more.

The play continued as victories continued to be won over and over again until the Romans were driven back to Londinium where they were on their last legs, a tiny fearful and tired army remained where before they seemed endless.

Yet, even as the Champion of Avalonia had led them victory again and again, all was not well. Chieftains that had proclaimed him leader were now unhappy how much he seemed to be loved by their tribes and clans more than the chieftains themselves.

They grew fearful and then hateful as the Champion of Avalonia continued to lead them to victory until they were a few days' march from the gates of Londinium, where they would finally crush the remaining Romans and take back their lands.

They began to conspire, to persuade others that he was a cheat, that the sword granted him powers that anyone could have wielded if only they had the sword.

The audience cried out in dismay as they watched on helplessly, grim and despondent as they realised what would happen to the Hero of the story.

The chieftains whispered that he would turn the sword on them once the war was finished, that he would betray them. That it was better to betray him first before he could do it to them.

More and more chieftains began to believe the poisonous words until it spread to the army of tribesmen itself.

It came to a head a day before they were to embark on the final moment that would result in completing their liberation of their lands.

The Champion of Avalonia was taken from his bed in the morning and thrown into the ground before all the men and women who had once called him leader, their angry, jealous and hateful gazes set upon him.

The Champion was confused at this, questioning what they were doing and one strode forward and stabbed him in the belly. He gasped as the man stepped away, his dagger wet with blood.

The Champion touched his belly and his hands were warm with his blood. He felt another sharp pain in his back and saw someone he had called friends stick his spear into his back.

More and more came forward and more and more stabbed him with daggers, with swords and with spears. A druid came forth, the same old man who had brought the Sword to central Avalonia and hit him on the back causing him to gasp with pain.

He staggered on his bare feet, his clothes red and wet with blood.

He was leaking blood all the while he walked towards the large boulder that was near the centre of the camp. He stuck out his hand and the sword materialised as he fell to his knees.

He was breathing raggedly, only minutes away from death. He turned to those he had called kin and for whom he fought for.

"Oh my brothers, oh my sisters. Children of our great mother. I do not blame you for this betrayal, for this unnatural murder.

It is in all of us, this evil.

This evil that turned fear into anger, this evil that twisted anger into hate. Oh, brothers and sisters, I do not blame you for my murder.

You have murdered me because you did not believe in the good that is in this world.

You chose not to believe in the promise of a better future for all of us, your once kind and gentle hearts turned cynical and that cynical heart blinded you away from the happiness that could have bloomed for us all and the way to freedom and beauty is now hidden away." The Champion cried out feebly before his head was bowed.

"One day, one day another man will come to free our people from the barricades that cage up the good that is in all of our hearts, barricades made of greed, of hate, of fear and intolerance!

Again and again this will happen until you, my brothers, my sisters, begin to believe you deserve a good world, a just world free from the poisons that decay our souls, the rot that infests our minds and on that day, my brothers, my sisters…

And on that day, when your children's children' s children begin to believe, a better future will arise when her Champion once more wields the sword she crafted to protect her Children and on that day…

On that day, Avalonia will smile down on your Souls knowing that the cycle is broken and you chose to believe in her Champion, following him into the promised future."

The young man who sat on the boulder surrounded by weeping, regretful people, stood up, his blood seeping into the boulder.

"And this sword…this sword of our great mother…Excalibur..." The audience gasped audibly at the name "Will one day be wielded by a man who once saved our great mother's children when the time comes to once more come to the rescue of his brothers and sisters from great peril" The young man raised the sword and with a yell, the sword disappeared.

The young man crumpled onto the ground and died amongst a sea of weeping people.

The play continued with the Romans finding out the man they called the Son of the Goddess was killed by treachery and soon fell upon the disorganised Celtic tribesmen.

The Romans won and killed many of the Celtics, scattering the remaining people in the same way their broken spirit were scattered in the wake of the battle.

One of the chieftains, the last of his people wept to the Moon. "Ooh great mother, forgive us for what we have done! We were weak and we fell prey to the evil of men! Ooh great mother, do not forsake us!" the chieftain cried out but the winds remained silent and the ever showing face of the Moon turned away.

It was then that dark grey smoke began to fill the stage and the sounds of the weeping chieftain swallowed whole by the smoke.
The last scene of the play twisted the stage into a small outcrop of forestry before a lake came into view through the dense forest and the stage twisted around to look directly downwards.

The lake was crystal clear, its depths shown by the illuminating rays of the moon and in the faint light, you could see the Excalibur laying on the bottom of the lake.

"'Tis a tale of sorrow and broken promise, of a better tomorrow and a lost today…"

He tuned out the closing monologue as he sat back in his chair, nursing his empty glass of firewhiskey, staring at the silent audience. Some wore stricken expression, some worried and others were confused, no doubt about the fact that it was not a heroic tale, where the hero is triumphant and gets the woman.

His Vasilissa had outdone herself. It will take some time before people will realise the danger of this play.

A creeping smile broke on his face.

What happens when the myth crumbles?

When the story of the conquering Hero is instead replaced by a story of a Hero who had risen up to defeat the evil was instead betrayed and defeated by the evil of men?

A story that was rooted in reality, one that they had all bore witness to?

The fate of the clans in the wake of the Romans would not be missed by everyone and some may draw parallels to their present ill fortune.

A whisper here…a whisper there…

Twisted truths will remind people of what happened, of what could have been.

They'll see what had been promised and what they had gotten instead. They won't blame themselves…no…people never liked to blame themselves for their actions.

Instead, they'll turn towards the 'true culprits'. And what they'll see…

They'll see a broken monolith in the deceitful Ministry, one riddled with rampant corruption, nepotism and incompetence.

Unrest will turn into anger and anger will lead to revolution…

And who would be there for them to latch onto?

He smiles, his eyes glittered as the scattered applause rang around him.

His Vasilissa had slumbered long enough and soon…

Soon Magical Britain would be fall before the great serpent and then the looming dragon they cast away would come and blot out the stars.



My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Oct 13, 2022
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Treken, UndeadFlowerBoy, chibrow and 118 others
mosefboombox117
Oct 9, 2022
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 4 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Oct 22, 2022
Add bookmark
#49
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think! Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next three chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 4:

30th​ of October 1952 – London

Christopher Cameron POV

He stood up as the doors opened. Johnston followed suit whilst Underhill trailed after, the miserable expression he wore only deepened.

The secretary stepped forward "He will see you now"

He shared a glance with Johnston before he proceeded to walk towards the open doors.

The office was a spacious one, one that held cabinets of books that filled two entire walls. He'd been here often enough but he'd never seen any inklings that any of those books had ever been moved.

He glanced towards the office desk where their boss sat behind. He was an indistinct man with horse rimmed glasses and a neatly maintained moustache. The one thing that marked him as someone of note was the way his eyes gazed at you, a keen cold intellect that couldn't be hidden away by a pair of glasses.

"Take a seat" their boss, Mr Smith, said in an indifferent tone and they did as he bid.

Mr Smith's unsettling eyes trailed over them.

Mr Smith was a 'muggle' the magicals would say, one that headed the M-Division of the Secret Intelligence Service.

He glanced at Underhill. It brought him satisfaction, the way it grated on Underhill that he was left powerless and at the mercy of those he considered less than human.

He'd been assigned to 'look after' the royal family by the British Ministry of Magic when in reality he was little more than a Obliviator with the mandate to ensure that the Royal Family did not proverbially rocked the boat.

Underhill had not known when the British Ministry of Magic had turned from subordinate to the Crown to instead treasonous, only that as far as they were concerned they were an autonomous government not beholden to muggles.

He'd been subdued not long after his assignment and forced to take an oath of silence and later a binding oath of allegiance on the pain of death which the man naturally took.

At present, he was their only pureblood member and the only one capable of navigating the Magical World without the attention that might have been levied on any of the others.

"I have…news from Her Majesty." Mr Smith said with a piercing gaze, one that Underhill looked away from.

"She's deeply unhappy with the continued state of affairs in the Magical World" Mr Smith placed his hands onto the deeply in a delicate fluid motion as he continued to stare at them without an expression of emotion.

His eyes flickered towards the watch the man wore. Some of the eggheads at the Research Division managed to figure out a way to register when someone was under the influence of the mental magic. The watch had a small red light that would flash to signify if someone who compromised.

At present they did not have the knowledge to block the mind arts but recognising was more than half the job.

It was one of the first tasks assigned to the research team by the late King.

"About what exactly?" Underhill couldn't help but ask. Smith's eyes snapped towards him.

"For one, the fourteen dozen missing cases this year alone is on the top of her list that is making her unhappy." Smith said ruthlessly with cold eyes.

Underhill looked away again "That doesn't mean it's related to us."

Smith smiled thinly, his smile reminded Cameron of a serpent eying its prey…minus the whole tongue thing.

"That might have been the case had we not been able to find trace apparition signatures near the sight of where they were last seen." Smith said coolly.

That silenced Underhill and Smith turned to him and Johnston.

"What does Her Majesty want us to do?" Johnston asked, sitting straight in his chair.

"Her Majesty recognises that the Crown authority over Magical Britain was long since been forgotten by your folk" Smith said with narrowed eyes.

Cameron clenched his teeth but said nothing. Smith didn't like any of them and hadn't from the moment he'd learned about magic.

It only worsened when he discovered some of the things that purebloods had done and took it out on them in barbed comments.

It was only because of people himself and Johnston that even allowed the government to be able to defend itself against them.

"Her Majesty also recognises that at present there is little to be done without direct intervention which is not feasible in this moment in time" Smith said pausing deliberately.

'In this moment in time…'

"However, the recent injustices against Her Majesty's citizens with the farces they called trials along with the blatant kidnappings of normal women" Smith thinned his lips as his eyes cooled to an arctic coldness "It is clear that something needs to be done."

They sat up straighter at that as his eyes shone with interest.

He hated Magical Britain and what it did to him. When they told him he was magical, he had dreamed so big and it only had grown when he learned fantastical creatures like Dragons, Unicorns and even Phoenixes existed!

Yet it was all torn away when he realised that he was viewed as subhuman in the eyes of the elite, that his opportunities were at best a cleaner no matter how well he excelled in his classes.

The constant harassment he faced, the times he spent in the infirmary at the hands of those who relished in dealing out pain against people who they could have arrested if they fought back…

It turned his dreams into nightmares and he left that world as soon as he could.

The war against Grindelwald opened up his eyes to the consequences these people had on the wider world, the evil they sponsored and allowed to flourish.

Not even in the normal world was he safe from them, not after he'd learned what they'd do to him if he violated their 'laws'.

They denied him a place in the Magical World and they denied him a place in the normal world when they threatened anyone who joined the army with jail time with soul sucking demons.

When he'd been approached by the spooks, he'd taken their offer with glee, especially when they'd told him that he'd be in service of His Majesty.

"We are ready to carry Her Majesty's will" Johnston said with a fervour.

Smith turned to him and allowed a thin smile to form. "Good." Smith said back in his chair. "We do not have currently the manpower, mundane or…supernatural." He said with thinned lips "to take control of the Ministry but we do have an opportunity in the recent unrest" Smith glanced at Underhill.

"Her Majesty commands" Underhill straightened up and faced Smith with a loathsome stare "That we are to aid the oppressed groups in anything they need against the Ministry"

Cameron's eyes widened "You want us to help and fund the prospective insurgents?"

Smith smiled and it was an ugly one "Liberators, Mr Cameron. That is who we are helping. We will need time before we are ready to act against the Ministry and the coming conflict will give us an excuse to intervene when it inevitably spills over to our side of the world."

Cameron sat back in his chair, his mind whirling on what he heard.

"They'll fight you…all of them" Underhill said shocked.

Smith stared at Underhill "Not the nobles with whom most of the power lies. Not when the Oaths of Allegiance is tied to their very notion of Nobility" Smith said with a terrifying smile.

Oaths of Allegiance were tied to the titles and positions people – and families – held. They were oath sworn to obey their liege and the penalties for violating their allegiance could be as severe as losing their magic.

It was perfect in limiting the scale of the conflict. The power those purebloods hoarded was limited to very few families and it would be used against them. Anyone who sat within the Wizengamot was beholden to this Oath of Allegiance, the magic within the chamber demanded it.

Underhill looked sick as he seemed to realise how much of his world could be destroyed.

"Are you not concerned what the ICW might do to you?" Underhill asked.

He blinked. That's right the ICW would doubtlessly intervene.

Smith shook his head "The British Ministry is beholden to the Crown and the treaties it signed with it. They have violated beyond measure time and again." His eyes turned sharp as they set on Underhill "We will not break the Statute of Secrecy, not when we're acting under the auspices of the Crown."

"They might not see it that way" Johnston murmured, his expression tinged with concern.

Smith nodded "That is why we will be acting quickly when the time comes and set up a new Ministry in line with our constitution."

Underhill seat creaked and Cameron glanced at the man "You can't do that! Our world is ancient! You can't just destroy a governance that dates back to the times of Merlin!" He said angrily before tagging on "To the times of King Arthur!"

Smith's expression shifted ever so minutely. "Then perhaps your folk should have not been so treasonous against the Crown." He said coldly.

Underhill lost all fight, knowing that he could nothing in this situation despite all that he might want to. He was oathbound, bound by his very life to obey the will of the Crown.

Smith opened up a drawer and slapped three dossiers on the table. "These will be your instructions and your targets." Smith said as he pressed a button under the desk.

The doors opened and it was clear they were being dismissed. "Read it. Thoroughly." He picked up a thick stack of documents. He looked at them "We will meet again in two days where you will meet your assigned teams." He finished and then looked down and started reading.

Underhill was the first to pick the dossier and left brusquely. Johnston was next and he was last.

He clenched tightly onto the dossier as he walked out of the office.

He may not the way Smith operated, or his opinions but he knew that this was the right thing to do.

There were too many things wrong with the magical world and they were on the right path to fix it. Even if it that meant they would be controlled by those many of them deemed as less than animals.

They had their chance.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

30th​ of October 1952 – Illos

Perenelle Flamel POV

"Ah, Jacqueline!" Perry enthused after she swallowed her bite in delight, one that was mired in fond remembrance.

She met the gaze of the blue eyed woman "The veal just melts in my mouth, and the white wine lingers on pleasantly. Is it your own recipe?" she asked her current host knowing full well it was far from the case.

Jacqueline smiled joyously but shook her head "No. Maman taught me how to do it" she said in fondness. "She told me that it was old family recipe, one that she was taught by my paternal grandmother who herself was taught by her mother-in-law." Jacqueline's lips twitched in amused remembrance. "I always found it funny that the men of my father's line always wanted their wives know how to make their non-traditional variant of Zurcher Geschnetzeles" she said with a wistful tone as she met Perry's gaze.

It may have been years since she had lost most of her family in the war but time dulled the loss only so much.

She smiled with a saddened tint to it which Jacqueline noticed and acknowledged with the way her eyes shone.

"You never told us that" Jacqueline's fourteen-year-old daughter, Louise said in surprise, breaking Jacqueline from her wistfulness.

Jacqueline smiled at her daughter "The opportunity never arose. Besides" Jacqueline's face morphed into an unimpressed look "For all of your talents in potions, you have never shown even the slightest bit of interest in anything related to the kitchen." She arched an eyebrow at her daughter

Louise looked a little bit embarrassed "It's just not that interesting to me" she confessed though she didn't convince anyone at all with her expression, an expression that should hints of petulance and embarrassment.

Her twin brother, Maximillian laughed "Probably good for all of us she isn't interested in cooking at all." He peered at her with a taunting smile "The last thing we want is her interested in the kitchen if we want the house to remain standing!"

Perenelle inwardly smiled at that. From what she's heard, Louise was an able brewer but she was quite accident prone.

She kicked him under the table "Ow!"

"Louise!" Gerald, her father, scolded.

"Sorry, Papa" Louise said a little subdued but not enough to prevent her from sending a fierce glare at her brother who did a poor job to hide the cheeky satisfaction he felt at the sight of his chastised sister.

Gerald faced her and Nicolas "My apologies for the poor manners of my children." He said with a glance at his children before meeting their gaze again, a hint of exasperated annoyance "They're a lot more…rowdy…than they used to be."

The children looked a little offended at that description but said nothing to their defence after another look from their father.

Nicolas chuckled at the drama "Do not fret, it's quite alright" Nicolas said with a warm smile, one that she ill saw give to anyone other than herself.

"They're teenagers and they are only doing what teenagers do. Why, I remember when I was their age, I got myself and my cousin in a spot of bother during a wedding" Nicolas said with a fond smile.

She rolled her eyes "A spot of bother?" she mimicked with a raised eyebrow "Is that what you're calling it?" she said with a straight face.

Nicolas had the decency to look a little embarrassed as she continued the tale he so tastefully brought up "Nicky here" she began with an exasperated tone "Had the bright idea to spike the wine with a concoction he invented."

The teens eyes' widened at that, their expression marking their keen interest in the tale.

She smiled inwardly as she continued as she put on a disappointed look as she turned to Nicolas "At that time he wasn't quite the alchemist he is now" she said as the corners of her lips ticked up ever so slightly "Really, he was barely even a competent brewer" she said to the listening group.

"Really?" Maximillian asked in great surprise as he turned to Nicolas.

"Oh yes, I was terrible at brewing! It requires a kind of patience I didn't have at your age. I had plenty of the insanity needed to be an alchemist and a skilled potioneer but little of the patience needed for it to pull off until years later." Nicolas turned to Louise and smiled at her.

Nicolas was embellishing quite a bit for the benefit of Louise. At her age he'd already been considered one of the brightest of his generation particularly in Chemistry, Potions and Alchemy.

"If what I'm hearing about your frequent potion accidents is true then we've got a budding alchemist in you" he said with a nod, one that Louise positively glowed at the praise before Nicolas continued in a conspiratorially whisper that was heard by all "Of course I don't recommend you trying out your experiments in the house." He glanced at Perenelle unsubtly "If you're like me, you'll likely blow up a part of it" he said with a wink, one that made Louise laugh.

"Father, I want to move to the other room on the other side of the house" Maximillian deadpanned much to Perenelle's amusement.

"No." Gerald said with a straight face before turning to Louise who was visibly encouraged by Nicolas' praise "You may not brew in the house" Louise looked downcast "but…if you're really interested in further practicing potions…" Gerald said with a look to Nicolas before returning his gaze to his daughter who brightened up considerably "and alchemy...then we can sign you up for the weekend classes." He finished much to the joy of the girl.

She practically exuded excitement and delight but she managed to comport herself quite ably "Thank you papa! I will do my best!" she said with much excitement.

Gerald nodded and it was clear he was happy for his daughter. Jacqueline spoke up next "You were telling us about Nicolas' misdeeds?" Jacqueline asked with a coy half smile, one that she couldn't help but meet.

"Ah yes…" and so for the next ten minutes she regaled them about the story that ended up with a groom who'd gone missing that only turned up two days later, a father-in-law who slept with the horses in his birthday suit and an uncle who hung from a rope tied to his ankles from a chestnut tree. Of course there were far more scandalous parts of the story but they were not for such young ears.

It was an hour later, dinner finished and merriment had, that both she and Nicolas were walked over to the front door by Jacqueline

"It was great seeing you again…Grandmother, Grandfather" Jacqueline said with a soft, nervous smile.

Nicolas stepped forward and gave the woman a dear hug before he unclasped himself from her, smiling warmly at the woman. "And it was wonderful to see you and your family doing so well."

Nicolas stepped back and she stepped forth, grabbing her hands once she was near. "It brightens my life to know you and your children are thriving. If you need anything, just ask and we shall do what we can." She told Jacqueline.

Jacqueline smiled and nodded "We will." She promised and they turned towards the open front door.

They walked down the steps of the home onto the unblemished pavement stone. "I'm glad they are doing well" Nicolas mused aloud.

She hummed in agreement as they walked towards the bridge.

When Jacqueline Ricard and her family arrived at SIMS, she'd been so tempted to acknowledge their familial relations, the last traceable descendants of her sole daughter and child.

Only when they'd made the move to Illos did she think it was safe enough to approach them. It had been a bittersweet moment when she'd told Gerald and Jacqueline, one that surprised them greatly. They had found it strange that they'd been rescued by Atticus personally and now they knew why.

Only Gerald and Jacqueline knew but in time so would the children.

They walked by the streets that overlooked the waters before they took a turn inward away from the waters. They'd been here a few days now, the first time in over a year and it was riveting to see some of very noticeable changes.

The Ricard family lived by the first ring of residence, one that was by the bridge that connected to the other residential rings and the Main Tower.

'Main Tower…'

She'd have to speak to Atticus about getting the name changed into something more suitable, a name that truly honoured it for the magnificent building it was.

The Main Tower towered over the skyline and the trees like a lighthouse on the darkest of nights, atop of a jagged cliff that rose high above the turbulent waters.

And yet, it did not take away the beauty of the city around it, not at all.

Silver white stoned buildings rose amongst a ringed sea of clear blue waters that held an unnatural purity. Golden statues of winged magical creatures topped the domed buildings and pillars that dotted the skyline of the city as dozens of waterfalls fell silently all around the central part of the city.

"For all that I am disappointed with them, they do know how to build a wonderful place" Nicolas said with a sigh as he brought her arm closer to him as they continued to walk towards the bridge in locked step.

Over the years, there was a strain between Atticus and Nicolas, stemming from Nicolas' disapproval over the way Atticus was going about bringing change in the Magical World.

He'd cautioned Atticus time and again, to be more patient, to be more agreeable yet each time Atticus refused to consider to do it, believing that drastic change was needed.

After Atticus left Magical Britain, the only times they'd seen him was when they visited Illos though on those occasions, they never touched on the kind of topics that strained their relationship.

She sighed, her eyes wandering to her surroundings.

The neighbourhood they were walking through was idyllic, one that just hummed serenity as evergreen trees dotted each side of the street, nestled in between the front porches of magical silver white stoned houses that held the faintest traces of magic, each of the occupied homes brimming with the unique traces of their occupants' magic.

Crystone – the name given to the silver white stone - was made with that in mind though it was a stone that wasn't as magically conductive as most commonly wardstones around.

Instead, where it took centuries to build this kind of resonance with magic of occupants seeping into the ordinary stones of manors, castles and cottages, it took no time at all to do it here in Illos.

The stone was deeply magical and almost all houses and apartments were like this, uniform perhaps in appearance but dissimilar in magic once they were occupied.

"Not just a place" Perenelle said quietly as she looked at the crowd that were gathering by a platform where there were several people standing on it.

There were banners like 'Vote for Smith-Rowe!' and 'Smith-Rowe will row on your behalf!' affixed onto the platform, a platform that was flanked by the larger waterfalls that fell from the Main Tower.

"Yes" Nicolas agreed easily enough "It heartens me to know that at least they don't intend to hoard power"

"That was never his intention" she said with a glance at her husband. He was deeply unhappy with the state of the world, especially Europe.

"Perhaps not hoard but they certainly wish to dominate." He said with a deep frown "For all of what Illos is and promises to be, I fear that what it'll take for to flourish means the destruction of all that we have known." He sighed once more, a kind of weariness coming across his face that he only allowed to appear in her presence.

He'd always been concerned about the lengths they'd go to achieve their goals and in truth she knew that he was right to be concerned.

They may not be waging war like Grindelwald may have but she knew that for their ambitions to come to fruition it required a unified society or at least the nearest thing to it.

And neither of them were blind to the happenings in Europe…where in the cold background, all across Europe, the social fabric was being torn away as sides were being formed in the wake of post Grindelwald politics.

Former ICW temporary Protectorates were closer to civil war than they were to stability as the political system and laws put into place was were slowly being disintegrated away.

Noble families regained much of the power they once enjoyed turning it an oligarchic mess of a system that paid lip service to the ICW who were intent to ignore it as long as violations of the Statute and of other demands were not made.

The ICW's reconstruction efforts of the Ministries had been poorly done, their attentions had been split away towards the happenings in Britain and in the end opted to sweep much of the crimes committed under the rug in order to hasten the transition from House systems to a representative system.

Atticus may have been a focus of theirs, perhaps even the main one, but galleons also talked and it was something the ICW was in dire need from after the losses they'd suffered against Grindelwald.

Many families known to have aided in the suppression of families that did not back Grindelwald had gone largely unpunished and the frictions that now spawned from such actions ate away at the social cohesion.

Laws that brought equality amongst sentient beings were under continuous attack and it seemed like sooner than later things would go back to the way they were except it would take a far bloodier route to get there again now that many had found themselves protective over their new rights.

"But is all that we have known really all that should be?" she asked quietly of her husband. He tilted his ear towards her as they walked. She continued "An existence that is forever tipped on a knife's edge, waiting to be pushed off to one side only for another to drag it back to the precarious position it once was?"

"And is destroying the knife in its entirety an acceptable compromise?" Nicolas returned, gazing intently at her.

"Perhaps it is, perhaps it is time for the knife to go and a hammer to take its place" She said quietly, a soft sigh on her breath. She met Nicolas gaze. "With all that we know, now, of what is out there" she said with a tipped head towards the heavens "the wonders, the horrors…do you truly think the societies that we have are able to endure if anything like those civilisations comes our way?" she asked him with an intense gaze.

When she had learned who Moira truly was, where she came from…

Wonder and amazement had soon enough been replaced by a deep concern that settled uncomfortably in her belly. She understood war, at least she thought she did.

The scales her people had lived in, had fought wars in…

It horrified her and even more so when she discovered the other horrors that had wiped out the first iteration of humanity.

For as old as she was, not much had ever truly surprised her until that day of revelation, a day that reminded her that there was so much more to existence than she had ever known.

Not much of Moira's people survived, only a ship and a database of knowledge, knowledge that was left in the custodianship of her descendant, to whom she given the keys to the very stars.

Illos promised to be more than a home for magicals. It would be the first, or perhaps the last, to set away towards distant worlds where they could grow and flourish into the wider universe…

A universe that could be far harsher and far deadlier than anything they could conceive happening here on 'Erda Tyrene'.

"I don't." Nicolas said with a heaviness that marked the seriousness of their conversation. Nicolas smiled a brittle bitter smile "I sometimes wonder if what we learnt that day wasn't so much enlightening as it was damning. That despite our differences between our branch of humanity and Moira's branch, separated by hundreds of thousands of years, we are forever capable of committing great horrors, even if the scale is different"

Her eyes were set on Nicolas for a long few moments.

When they'd learned who Moira was and what Atticus' true goal was for their kind, for all of Magical Kind, she finally understood that part of him that was always melancholic in a certain way…as if he was carrying the weight of the entire world on his shoulders.

She remembered when he'd taken them to space, he once asked why they had to remain bound to the Earth, telling them that they had more options available than they'd ever dreamt.

Even then he'd been building up to this, a plan that would decades to run its course.

A plan they suspected could only culminate in bringing ruin to much of the ancient covenants that bound the magical world and in its place…she stared at the gossiping crowd before them as they neared the gathering place.

Illos was idyllic and as it matured, she could see it becoming what the myths had proclaimed Atlantis to be. A world of magic and wonder, equal prosperity for all under the cloak of genuine peace.

Yet to expand it to the rest of the Magical world was a heavy price to pay, one that would be steeped in the blood and corpses of the Old World if Emily and Atticus had their way.

It was disconcerting that she was as accepting as she was of what she suspected they were doing, even if she knew not the details of it. Perhaps she was just tired of the same issues plaguing their societies, the same arguments about blood and magic that induced crippling stagnation as time marched away.

She'd liked Atticus from the moment she'd seen him on that fateful day in Alexandria and she became his supporter on the day he'd taken them up to space.

He'd always had…something about him that was different. He stood out, beyond simply his academics or his magic.

He was a non-romantic romantic, one that was dreamed and dreamed, able to pull others in his sphere through his sheer charisma and hopefulness. He'd shone like a beacon above a stormy sea, bright and furious, a hazy dream that wished for itself to become reality.

Yet after the war, he'd seemed to have lost that 'specialness' about him…no that wasn't the right way to describe it. It was more like he'd…realised something, something that turned that hazy dream into sobering reality, one that was markedly different from the utopian reality had been wished for.

She had understood part of the reason for this change when she learnt of the Ancient Humans, of their extinction and the legacy Moira imparted onto Atticus, a hefty responsibility for anyone but one he had taken on nonetheless despite the back-breaking weight it levied upon him.

She'd known he had a darker element to his being, a pragmatism that would not let anything get in the way of his dreams becoming reality.

Something that was only exacerbated by whatever happened to him in the war and they were now seeing the beginning of its blossoming fruit in the wider magical world.

Part of her thought it was fair…after the way that he'd been treated by the ICW and Magical Britain, for closing down the options to either fight or to leave even if they suspected it was part of their plan to destabilise much of Europe.

Another part of her thought what they were doing was too far, borne out of their cynicism of human nature and what they'd experienced…though could she say they were wrong?

She'd lived for a long time, over six hundred years. She'd seen much over the course of her life, the wonders of human ingenuity and the horrors of human violence, whether it was muggle or magical it mattered not.

Was what they were doing what it would take to break out of that cycle?

A break that allowed for things to be reset, stronger and hardier in the form of that of Illos and others like it?

To ensure survival of their kind and their brethren amidst a hostile and terrifying universe?

Nicolas spoke up again, staring at the happy crowd "I can understand why they feel the need to tear it all down but the cost…" he sighed momentarily

"We do not know for certain if they intend to tear down anything." She reminded him.

He turned to her with an unamused look and she continued "I agree that they're likely involved in some of the destabilising elements but that does not mean everything is their fault. The stirrings of supremacists in Norway, talks of common cause between the Central European Ministries, the civil unrests between peoples…"

"Yes, yes" Nicolas conceded a little unhappily before he peered at Perenelle "Perhaps I am being too paranoid and attributing faults where there exists none" he sighed before he continued

"But you can't deny it is likely they are involved, quite heavily too given the pattern in Magical Britain. We knew that he was butting heads with the Noble families on both sides on purpose and the economic disaster he left behind is just as calculated" He pinched his face "The way things are devolving…things are setting themselves up for them to come in and swoop to the rescue, rescuing them from the very situation they might have helped engineer"

She remained silent for a moment until she spoke again "Is it truly the situation they engineered or is it more that they are letting things happen with minimal influence?" she asked him.

He pondered it over and she continued "Are they really so responsible for the hard-headedness of these nobles that are deadly intent on securing their power and wealth to the detriment of all others?"

After all, they were not Gods. People were responsible for their own actions. Atticus and Emily may take advantage of the chaos left behind but that didn't make them responsible, at least entirely, for the wickedness in the hearts of men.

"No." he said after a moment. "They aren't. But that doesn't mean that it is right." He muttered.

"No." she agreed "It isn't right." She stroked his arm "Yet it cannot escape your notice that we felt safe enough to acknowledge our daughter's legacy here in Illos when elsewhere we'd always fear for their safety. Surely that means that something is right?"

He sighed long-sufferingly "Fine woman. I can understand shades of grey" He glared at her for a moment "Even if its nearer to black than it is to white" he muttered under his breath.

She shook her head as she tapped his hand "I think you need to have an honest conversation with him."

"Will he have an honest conversation with me?" He returned with a raised eyebrow.

She smiled at him "He will. He values you. More than you think." That was also true. He would not have confided in them with the secrets he and his family held otherwise.

She'd often talked with him when she'd visited him in Britain, just for a conversation.

It had felt right to do so when his mother left with Moira to go off into the deep of space.

She'd learnt much about him during those days, and from Emily, when she'd talked with them individually and also when they were together.

Atticus had a softness to him that not many saw, that he didn't allow anyone to see that spoke of his good nature that was often overshadowed by his sense of pragmatism and his sense of duty.

It was a softness that he managed to retain even after the war, however jaded it might have been. He cared deeply, for those who had won him over and for the future of the magical world.

The responsibility that was levied onto his shoulders, that he'd taken on, weighed on him and she knew that in addition to the Visions he'd seen, guided his actions, both small and large.

Often she wondered how much his Visions played a hand in what he did, like the high chances of Exposure happening decades into the future.

She knew he had frequent visions from a very young age yet it seemed to have transformed into something…more in the years since the war. That had been clear from their conversations when the things he'd predicted had come true.

It was as if he had a finger on the pulse of time itself, able to discern the future with startlingly accuracy.

They had always kept an eye on brilliant magicals to see how they developed, to see if they were a danger or an outlier that would do great things for the magical world.

Atticus had proved to be both sides of the coin, seemingly balanced on the edge of the coin. Emily…Emily was more the former than she was the latter but she leaned onto Atticus' coin, her nature held subdued by the love afforded to her by Atticus.

"Maybe I will" Nicolas grumbled.

"Good." She said with a tap of his arm.

They arrived at the back of the gathering crowd and waited for the prospective Representative to begin speaking which he did less than five minutes later.

"I thank you all for coming here today to hear me speak." Smith-Rowe said with a large smile as he chuckled good-naturedly "I would not have blamed you if you'd chosen to stay home after hearing me so often over the past few months but I promise you it'll be the last time you'll hear me speak on a platform like this again – at least until the next election!" Smith-Rowe said a toothy smile.

That garnered a few chuckles from the crowd.

"Charismatic" she said musingly.

Nicolas hummed "A budding politician, for sure" as Smith-Rowe gathered a few more chuckles as he continued to charm the crowd.

"But you're not here to today to hear me speak about that, no, you're here to listen to what I am mean to do once I am your Representative" Smith-Rowe said with a pause "You know what I stand for and you know the gratitude and loyalty I hold, as I know many of you hold, for Lady and Lord Sayre for bringing us to Illos and given us a bright future that none of us could have otherwise have dreamt off!" That had gotten many cheers and it was a half minute later before he could speak again

"And as much as Lord and Lady Sayre have given us, I wish to do the same in a small but meaningful way by bringing your concerns to the Council of Representatives, to advocate on your behalf and to champion the causes you believe are right and I will do so with vigorous rigor!" Smith-Rowe said with full of energy and the crowd cheered in response.

"Ah, the power of delivering speeches in a compelling way." Nicolas said with a sigh "Looks he'll be around for some time." He said as he glanced at the roused crowd.

She shook her head. "Behave." She said admonishingly. "You've been moody all day." She said disapprovingly before she scrutinised him intently.

"I've not been moody." He said a little defensively and she eyed him with narrowed eyes before she realised why. Of course he was missing that damnable thing. He always got like this when he went without it for longer than a few days.

"Did you forget your pipe again?" She asked with a hint of amusement in her tone. He only got this moody when he felt the 'call of inspiration' and would reach for his pipe each time.

He visibly was annoyed as he sighed "I did." He said defeated. "I could make another but it'll take too long for me to synthesize a new batch" he said almost petulantly.

It took a week to make the tobacco substitute that her husband loved smoking once in a while. It was a strange mix of psychedelics and calming elements that Nicolas used to 'stir up the creature juices that were trapped in his mind'.

She was irritated at the fact that worked so well. It was an unpleasant smell she could do without. Many of his inventions were done mere days after he had 'stirred' his mind.

She'd tried it once. Never again. She quite liked her grip on sanity.

"It would have been so useful now! Some of the things they're researching!" he said with wonder and more than a little bit of envy in his voice "The things we could do with some of the equipment they have!"

She raised her eyebrow at her husband "You could always decide to stay a little while. SIMS will be fine without us."

"Bah!" Nicolas exclaimed as he shook his head "The ICW would circle around the school if we're gone for any extended period of time." He said in a peeved tone as he peered at her "You know they're tightening on what can be taught in schools now and SIMS is increasingly under pressure to conform to ICW standards."

She grimaced. She did know.

The ICW seemed to have given up direct control of Ministries in return for nominal control over certain things and increasing their authority over domestic laws.

The ICW had increased their authority in the Magical World and amongst it was their increasing interference in the matters of Education. Durmstrang already was pressured in accepting a Professor of the Dark Arts that limited the extent of what was taught in that class.

SIMS was not a traditional school and as of this present it was the only school of its kind and she knew that the ICW was pressing the Irish Ministry hard on having it conform to its standards.

"Well, in that case stop your moody snit if there is nothing to be done about it. Come on, at this rate we'll be late to the meeting" she said in a no-nonsense tone and he acquiesced.

Not long after, they arrived at the High Council Assembly Chambers and saw that they were the last to arrive.

Atticus was sat in his chair whilst on his other side sat Sandra, the High Chancellor.

On the other side, next to the empty seat that was reserved for Emily, sat Eldric Carson, the Director of the Treasury who was responsible for balancing the budget and collaborating with the Overseer of the Office of Economics.

Next to him were Silas Merek, the Director of the State who was liaised with the Overseers of Justice, Agriculture, Environment and so on.

The last person on that side was Sassa Habe, a female shaman from the Dahomey region of Africa who Atticus and Emily had met during their world tour in 1944 and '45. She coordinated with the different spiritual sects that were present in Illos.

Habe had white markings on the left side of her face whilst her hair was braided with colourful bands weaved into her hair. Habe was a beautiful young woman but she was far from harmless given that she was directly descendant from the famous Vodun shamans and the few times she'd spoken to the woman had given her the impression that their Arts had not died during the Statute Wars.

The other person on the High Council was Walter Bishop, Director of the Offices of Technology and Magical Innovation. Walter Bishop was perhaps one of the very few who rivalled both Atticus and Emily in this current generation when it came to intellect.

Both herself and Nicolas were not members of the High Council, they were in Illos far too infrequently for that to work however when they were around, Atticus did invite them to sit in as 'advisors'.

Not many batted an eye to that, not only because they were the famous Flamels but also because it was well known in Illos of their own contributions to the world ship. They'd been involved in the shaping of the landscape and some of the rarest magical plants came from their hidden greenhouses around the world.

People expected them to become members in the future and in truth it was a given that they'd sit on the High Council should they permanently relocate.

It was something she was considering becoming sooner than later with the way Illos was developing.

SIMS had need of her and Nicolas at present but that would not be the case in the future.

"Apologies for the delay, we were talking a lovely stroll through the city" Nicolas said enthusiastically as he pulled out a chair for her. She sat down and thanked him.

"You've arrived just in time anyway" Sandra said with a warm smile, one that she returned.

She had met Sandra a few months before Illos had begun taking form and in the years since she'd had gotten to like the young woman. Ambitious but with a heart of gold, intelligent but conscientious, kind but most certainly not a pushover.

Her liking of the woman only grew when she learnt the young woman could out-swear even the filthiest of sailors when she was drunk and playing poker with a deadly intensity.

To this day, the memories of those poker nights during the early days when they were on the barren earth of Illos was one of her favourite ones, especially when she and Nicolas had gotten in a scuffle when he'd insulted one of her favourite authors.

"Now" Sandra said as she schooled her face as she began the meeting.

The next half hour was spent on talking about the proposition the Office of Environment put forth with regards to the large swathe of unused lands that were rocky and hilly.

The idea was to harvest volcanic soil and replace the top soil on the rocky hilly lands to make them more fertile for certain types of plants. At present those lands were more akin to the Welsh countryside which while pretty served no long term use.

Bishop added to the conversation about perhaps finding a way to artificially replenish the soil which would be needed if they were set on creating a dynamic ecosystem with rain and winter temperatures – even if it was set to be exceedingly mild.

The project was approved and was set to be completed in the next couple of years.

After that, the meeting ranged to the discussion of the experiments conducted by the Office of Agriculture with regards to more nutritious food and better tasting food to the discussion of the future of the Council of Representatives.

At present there were only nine thousand five hundred and eighty-three citizens of Illos but only just under four and a half thousand were eligible to vote. Not to mention there were only at present four boroughs that were populated with the rest still awaiting people to arrive.

The Representatives each would represent a borough – later to be expanded as the city and the rest of Illos was expanded – but for now there were would be three Representatives per borough which later, when the next borough was opened up, would move to represent that borough until the individuals have taken up their Citizenship Oath after two years at which point they could choose to replace or keep their Representative.

In the few days she's been here, word of the incoming four thousand or so people had often been spoken about. The largest influx of people in one go yet.

With the four thousand or so people set to arrive in the next few months as vetting proceedings were accelerated, the increased number of Representatives per borough would be kept until the population enough to fill twenty boroughs.

The city would be capable of hosting just under hundred thousand people with housing already completed for just under half that. The lands surrounding the city would be turned into suburban housings set for larger families that wished to more open space than a city environment.

"Now that we've concluded on that topic" Sandra began as she looked around the table "One of our squadrons that dealt with the trafficking situation has been contacted by one of the Veela colonies in Bulgaria."

"This is one of the main colonies that rehabilitated the freed women?" Atticus inquired curiously.

Sandra nodded gravely "Yes. They wish to speak to the leader of the rescuers after one of our agents" Sandra's lips tightened "made a comment about there being a community out there where they would be treated as equals."

"I see…" Atticus said with a certain tone and it was clear he wasn't too pleased with this agent's actions.

She decided to interject and turned to Sandra "How many are in this colony?" she questioned.

"About two hundred or so I believe. More if you also consider the other colonies they're allied with in the other countries." Sandra informed them.

"It would be a good opportunity to introduce some other magical beings into Illos other than just wizards, witches and squibs." Nicolas commented, drawing attention to himself.

"I agree" Sassa Habe said. "With the growing industrialisation in much of the world, there are many sentient magical beings under threat from both the muggles and the magicals." Habe turned to Atticus "They can be the first before we extend our hand to many others."

Merek spoke up "It would be good to have the Magical Council starting. The framework exists but it lacks obvious input from other magical beings."

"This agent…" Atticus spoke up after a moment, setting his gaze onto Sandra "Does he or she have reports on this colony? On their character?"

Sandra nodded slowly. "He does. I have read it and they would fit in well with Illos."

Atticus nodded before turning towards Walter Bishop "Director Bishop, do you think the Office of Magical Innovation can come up with an accessory that can inhibit the effects of Veela allure that they can control?"

Bishop frowned at the question "Tentatively…yes." He said with a deepening frown before he met Atticus' gaze. "As you know, it is inherent in their magic, their allure. It is a manifestation of pheromones combined with mental magic that attracts…attention not unlike compulsion and other more invasive Legillimency techniques."

Atticus remained silent for a moment before he spoke again "I know however I suspect you can use the same principles of accessories that protect against the Mind Arts."

Bishop nodded "We can – it was my initial thought." Bishop paused for a moment "Give us a few weeks and we'll come up with something." He halted once more "Though we'll likely get there quicker if we could have a Veela help us with it."

Atticus turned to the High Chancellor "Let our…agent speak with the colony again and that it is true." He paused for the moment before he fixed a gaze on her "He may initiate Tier 1 introduction proceedings with them."

Sandra nodded affirmatively and Atticus continued "Once they do submit the request to move here, he is to ensure they understand that it is contingent on them accepting that their allure is required to be controlled in the public sphere."

"They may take offense" Nicolas pointed out.

Atticus turned to meet his gaze.

"They could" Atticus agreed easily enough before he turned serious, his purple green eyes firm as he expanded "However the negative effects of uncontrolled mental magicks such as allure has on social cohesion necessitate such actions. Simply because it is a natural ability because of their race does not mean they are not beholden to the same laws that governs other inborn abilities or types of magicks that affect people's judgement unwillingly."

Nicolas seemed to accept that.

"That brings us to the next point." Atticus said as he sat back in his chair, his distinctive eyes trailing across the room as he laid out his hand on the armrest. "As most of you know, we've begun phasing our people around the world back into Illos given the…intensity of the ICWs search for us." He paused meaningfully as Atticus allowed that to settle in the room.

"This will last likely three years perhaps even longer." He told them all.

"Is the ICW that much of a threat?" Nicolas asked with a frown.

She could understand why he was asking that question.

Atticus' prowess in magic had only grown to incredible proportions in the years since his defeat of Grindelwald, much of it stemming from his changed understanding of magic.

There was little that was a threat to him. Though she supposed in this instance the ICW were a different threat.

A threat to the home he built and to the people who called it home.

Even then, she wondered if the knowledge Moira had left behind could not protect it completely from the wrath of the ICW.

She did not know the full extent of the technology or knowledge that Moira left behind to Atticus but she knew that it was orders of magnitude greater than the muggles even with their nuclear technology given that Moira's people were capable of things she had thought impossible.

She looked around the table. There were not many that would know of the knowledge Atticus sat upon and perhaps only Sandra really knew.

Atticus desired his people to develop their own ideas, their own inventions and analogues without using the knowledge as a crutch. As far as she could tell, it was proving to be a wise decision given the leaps and bounds the knowledge base of Illos was getting to.

Many SIMS graduates had only improved, not only scientifically but also magically with the research and development that was undertaken at Illos.

The weather system for one was an ingenious fusion of magical and technological innovation that culminated in a piece of beauty, the way things were put together.

Atticus answered Nicolas' question "They are. They've sent out numerous warrants on people that originally left with me and have been spotted in countries where the ICW presence is strong. None of them committed any crimes that would yield such actions. For the moment, we are too young to be able to deal with the sustained attention of the ICW"

Carson interjected "Our negotiations with the Japanese and future negotiations with other Ministries will be unaffected?"

Atticus inclined his head "Yes. We will proceed with our negotiations and likely signing of trade treaties with the Japanese as will all other trade plans."

Atticus looked around the room as he continued "With us reducing our footprint in the wider world and the influx of four thousand people in the next few months, I have decided to also accelerate proceedings of inviting more people to Illos." Atticus looked to Sandra and she nodded as she took over.

"We have begun speaking with the parents of day students who work for Lord Sayre's companies about moving permanently to Illos just as we have extended this invite to other magicals and Dormants working in the mundane world." Sandra said to them.

Sandra looked to Walter Bishop "With the aid of memory crystals and the Offices of Technology, Economics and Agriculture, we will offer training to these parents and Dormants in their chosen fields and speed up some of the non-magical development in Illos just as we'll offer opportunities to the Magicals."

"However, they are not the only people we're inviting." Atticus said with a nod. He turned to Habe "During mine and Emily's trip around the world, we've had the pleasure of meeting many tribes and clans – some of whom have children attending Pandrosion – and with Habe's help" Atticus said with a small nod to which Habe smiled and inclined her head "We'll be inviting them to move here to Illos."

"Do you have an estimate of how many people?" Merek asked intently.

"At present, that number is roughly ten to twenty thousand. Possibly thirty thousand." Atticus told them much to Perenelle's surprise. "It won't be in one go. People will be phased in slowly over the next few years. Initially I had intended our complete isolation to last only a few years but we'll need more time to integrate people into Illos."

Sandra nodded at that "Given that it will be a highly diverse group of people, ensuring that people settle in nicely is paramount before we let ourselves known to the wider world."

Atticus looked to Merek "We'll need to ensure smooth transition into Illos. I believe you have already completed the introductory package to the imminent arrivals?"

"I have" Merek confirmed "Given that almost all hail from European magical families, most of them being from the Eastern European and Balkan regions, I have catered it specifically to them." Merek paused for a moment as he met Atticus' gaze.

"I'll modify it for a wider…audience." Merek said with an incline of the head.

"How did you convince so many families to come?" Nicolas interjected curiously.

Atticus looked to Nicolas "Our people were not just in the world to deal with the criminal underground – often enough it was to help communities brought to ruin back to their feet when their Ministries were gutted and their subsequent replacement seized by the surviving and free Grindelwaldites that the ICW looked away from."

He leaned forward as he continued "Suffice to say, they were not going to get help to rebuilt their broken communities and we stepped in. Since then, we've built a great relationship with their people and when we approached them to move to Illos most of the communities agreed despite…the unsavoury attacks on my character" Atticus said with an amused glint in his eyes "Actions speak louder than words and they remember it was my people who helped them when others did not."

Nicolas said nothing but nodded in response.

"Still" Atticus continued as he looked to Merek "Most of them are from conservative magical communities so I expect some…cohesion issues in the immediate future."

"We have factored that in" Merek nodded "The Illosian Guard are aware and will be ready." Merek confirmed.

"Good."

The meeting then went on for a few more hours, the meeting ending on the upcoming elections and the preparations that were being made for the opening of Chamber of Representatives and its departments.

After that meeting ended, she, Sandra, Nicolas and Atticus remained behind and moved to one of the other rooms.

They spent a little while talking as evening fell before topic shifted into more relaxed topics and wine began to flow.

"Ah so you've finally visited the Knightly Hounds then?" Sandra asked as she passed Perenelle a glass of wine before giving Nicolas one too.

"Yes, a charming place" She said before she took a sip of the wine "Hmm, wonderful! Has a zesty aftertaste to it" she said with a pleasantly surprised note in her voice.

"That is good" Nicolas said approvingly before taking another sip.

"I know" Sandra said almost gushingly as she sat next to Perry "Some of the wines the Fanglost family are making are truly divine."

"Really?" She asked curiously.

"Really." Atticus said as he walked into the room bearing a couple of glasses of wines. In his right hand, he had Domaine de Clito and in the other a branding she didn't recognise.

"The Fanglost family are giving the Clito-Beauclerc wines a run for their money. Here" he said as the corks of both wine bottles slowly uncorked themselves.

Eight glasses materialised in the air as he let go of the glasses and poured in four glasses with each type of wine.

She took each glass and tasted each one. She was very familiar with Domaine de Clito, the effect of mulberry and blackcurrant flavoured cigar smoke that emanated ever so slightly from the mouth was a guilty pleasure of hers.

"Is this a 1786 bottle?" She asked as she looked up to Atticus. Atticus smiled and inclined his head

"It is." His smile widened a little, boyish and full of teasing charm "It helps to be family."

"I understand why you compare them to the Clito-Beauclercs!" Nicolas said enthusiastically. She turned to him and saw him drink of the more merlot coloured wine that was different from the currant red of Domaine De Clito.

"You can taste the blood orange in the wine but it is far from overpowering and the magical effect!" Nicolas laughed before he peered at her with a mischievous smile and slightly red face.

"Try it dear" he urged and she narrowed her eyes at him before she set them on the others.

Sandra held up her hands "I promise, Perenelle, the wine is fine." She said though Sandra never had a true poker face. She'd learnt that years ago.

Nevertheless, she did try it and her eyes widened as a flash hit her.

She clamped her teeth shut and she glared fiercely at the other occupants in the room despite the pleasant feelings that still surged within her. "That…was…unexpected." She said in a slow, quiet tone that had undertones of danger in them.

Atticus had the decency to look abashed though the hints of mischief were clear to see in his eyes.

"Pay up!" Nicolas exclaimed as he faced Sandra "I told you Perry would not lose composure"

Sandra almost pouted and grumpily went into her pocket and put a few galleons in Nicolas' outstretched hand.

Nicolas looked triumphantly which he lost quickly when he met her gaze. He withdrew within himself a little when a sheepish, mildly ashamed expression crossed his face.

"Nicolas, I think we've outstayed our welcome" Atticus said carefully.

"Quite." She said with narrowed eyes. She wasn't exactly angry but she wasn't too pleased by being surprised as she was, however...nice it was.

Nicolas jumped up from his seat "I quite agree, my boy." He said in a rush.

Atticus' expression was one of bemused "Come, let's give the ladies a moment to catch up. The view of Illos in my apartment is quite excellent at this time of day."

Soon enough they were left alone and she fixed Sandra with a pointed look.

"Yes" Sandra said with twitching lips, her eyes sparkling in amusement, seemingly understanding her unasked question "When I first tried it, I too was surprised and far less dignified as you were." She said with a bout of embarrassment.

Perenelle's expression changed "Oh?" she asked curiously.

"Well…you see, I tried this wine – which I should point out is highly restricted in public – during one of the after events during the Magical Innovation Expo…"

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

30th​ of October 1952 – Illos

Nicolas Flamel POV

"Firewhiskey?" Atticus inquired, his head glancing back for a moment as he walked into Atticus' office in his apartment.

"Please." Nicolas said as he followed suit.

Atticus gestured towards a seat by the window and he took his seat. The view was marvellous. He could see far into the distance even in the dimming dusk light, the rolling hills, the lust forests and the inland sea that stretched far into the horizon.

There were a number of isolated buildings he recognised, such as the ecology buildings that were home to a number of magical creatures that had once been on reserves.

As far as he knew, the plan was to release some of the more benign magical creatures into the larger ecosystem of Illos.

"Tweenie!" Atticus called out and with a pop, an exquisitely dressed elf appeared.

"Yes, My Lord?" The elf said with perfect enunciation.

"Bring two glass of Firewhiskey and have two plates of sandwiches ready for us" Atticus told the elf and the elf bowed.

"Yes My Lord." And the elf popped away whilst two glasses of firewhiskey floated in the air before them.

Atticus took the glass and sat down next to Nicolas.

"Wonderful view" Nicolas said as he stared at the view before him.

"I agree." Atticus said easily as he took a sip of firewhiskey and crossed his legs as he leaned back in his chair. Nicolas glanced at him.

He looked at ease, a man comfortable in his skin and in his purpose. Even at rest, Nicolas could feel the bottomless pit of magic that churned underneath his skin, waiting eagerly to rise at the slightest of urging.

It was as if he was a source of magic itself, the way from the edges of perception, now that he was this close to him, reality seemed to bend ever so slightly around his being.

Atticus had once said that he'd come to an understanding of what magic was, at least to him, resonating with it on a level that he did not completely understand.

At twenty-eight years of age, Atticus had reached an understanding that not even he had the pleasure of gaining.

He once told him that magicals were merely akin to the oxygen that red blood cells carried to where they needed to go through the veins of a vast infinite being, that magicals were merely how magic propagated itself through life, allowed to access it from and in the great infinite web of energy that universal in scope.

It was in line with many beliefs of ancient cultures, the idea of magic being this great contributor to life and that magic itself was sentient of a kind.

Atticus' explanations were almost…religious in a way, one that was teeming with scientific terminologies that expanded on the research Nicolas and some of his assistants conducted with regards to universal leylines, leylines that crisscrossed the universe.

From what he understood, Atticus had been opened up to the full breadth of magic, a state of existence that Nicolas had difficulty understanding and was more than a little envious about.

The things he must see!

Yet a thought never left his mind that his ability to see the universe in this scale along with his Seeing abilities had taken something from him…

He wondered at times if this state of being had simultaneously dulled his sense of humanity and at the same time made him more empathetic yet disconnected from the miniscule.

Illos, the future of magical kind, all of it was large scale, intended to affected the maximum number of lives without consideration of the few.

It was logical, to create a unified magical world especially given what he knew now about the dangers that existed in the Void.

Yet…

"Nicolas" Atticus said his name with a lingering questioning tone and as Atticus met his gaze, Nicolas couldn't help but wonder how far the boy he'd met in Alexandria had come.

At times he wondered if that brilliant boy still existed in the powerful man that he saw now…a man whose actions would reverberate

"You are troubled." Atticus added, his eyes observing intently.

"I am." Nicolas admitted.

He peered at the young man with scrutinising eyes "Have you kept up much with the happenings in Magical Europe?"

"I am aware." Atticus confirmed "Just as I am aware of the happenings in China or South America" he said with a tilted head, his purple eyes with green flecks boring into his own.

Nicolas smiled grimly as he met Atticus' gaze with steady eyes "I doubt you're just as involved there though as you are in Europe." He said, driving the conversation directly towards where he wanted it to go.

When Atticus crashed much of the economy of Britain and much of Europe, his concerns had grown substantially.

Even now, years later, the situation had not improved but rather devolved at a remarkably fast rate. The ICW, for all its belligerence and interference did do the right thing in setting up a semblance of fair governance in the countries that it had occupied.

To see it all ripped away as fast as it did was not natural and it spoke of manipulation, manipulation that he suspected was in part done by Atticus and Emily.

It was perhaps unfair, and likely paranoid but he could not help it, not when he knew that they intended to take all of Magicalkind to distant worlds.

He accepted such an outcome, he even wished for it to happen. They would need to if it is proven that they were not alone in the universe.

However…

It mattered how it was done and in what shape such an eventuality would take.

At present things were becoming as bad as it was at the dawn of the 19th​ Century when paranoia in Ministries led to the slaughter of thousands of magicals, magical beings and creatures to preserve the Statute of Secrecy.

Dark Wizards had rampaged throughout Europe in that century, hidden in the shadows of Muggle wars that rampaged through Europe, and forced harsh laws and harsh measures that had only been repealed in the early part of the 20th​ Century.

To see the same problems happening once more during an era where upkeeping the Statute of Secrecy was going to be difficult with how much the muggles were progressing…

Atticus raised an eyebrow at him "You hold me responsible for the devolving situation? You must think highly of me if you think my reach extends that far." His eyebrow fell and his eyes dimmed in luminosity "Or perhaps it's more the case that you think of me so lowly."

"You always did surpass any expectations I may hold of you" He said whilst turning his head towards the view, purposefully avoiding explaining which opinion he held of Atticus though it was little more than an empty attempt given that he did think highly of the boy.

He'd seen the boy do wonders, he was on top of such wonder now, however he was not blind to the boy's faults in the decade or so he'd known him.

He even regarded the young man as a dear friend, the immediate years since the war had been some of the best he'd had in centuries. Magical innovation, theory, knowledge all of it was reaching newer and greater heights…

And it was a double edged sword. The more time he spent around Atticus, the more he came to understand who he was becoming.

Atticus was a man of passion with a drive derived from what seemed to be ordained by providence, someone who would bring into reality whatever he set his eyes upon, no matter how difficult it was…no matter how morally dubious it was.

He had often wondered if it was a curse that Atticus had been gifted his incredible Seeing abilities, a curse that stripped the boy from the addictive dreamful nature he had once so positively exuded and now…

Moments passed until Atticus spoke up. "Am I involved?" Atticus said rhetorically, his voice was low yet the litany

"Yes" Atticus said simply, the one letter word spoken with pristine calm that belied the hefty weight that was attached to it.

Nicolas turned to him his eyes latching onto Atticus' own as the young man continued "It was through my unyielding position on what our world should be like that allowed for this to be happening so quickly. I do bear some guilt in that regard. However, I am not involved through active or even inactive interference, no that is entirely on them."

Atticus turned to him "I tried, perhaps too aggressively but I did try to shift the direction away towards an egalitarian society but it was rejected, almost violently as you well remember" a note of curtness was in his tone and Nicolas hummed for a moment.

"Did you truly?" Nicolas returned to Atticus, his frown heavy "Or did you instead choose to hammer your ideals through the minds of others uncaring of the consequences of such actions would yield?" He asked pointedly as he shook his head.

Over the years, he'd avoided talking to him about his...political battles, knowing that it would do little but some of the reports he was hearing happening on the continent had worn him down.

Perhaps it was because he'd seen so many orphans walk the halls of SIMS, orphans that lost their parents because of the Grindelwald war and the immediate chaos that didn't end until nearly a year later.

He'd lived over half a millennia and was no stranger to war however he'd often avoided regions enflamed with war and had not seen much of the consequences as he had during his tenure at SIMS. He truly wanted to avoid another such devastating conflict if he had the ability to do so.

"Yes, I did try to hammer my ideals through" Atticus admitted easily enough "And my failures do weigh on me for not being able to get through the majority yet that does not mean whatever is happening in Europe is my fault." Atticus thinned his lip as he stared at Nicolas.

"My attempts to convince others ended when they exiled me." Atticus finished.

"Say that I believe you" Nicolas said to him, just before the momentary silence that suffused the space between turned uncomfortable "You can't deny that the state of the world is an advantage to you, for this to happen."

"And what exactly is to our advantage?" Atticus asked almost tiredly, weary but harsh eyes boring into Nicolas "For our people to tear each other apart?" He shook his head "It is the last thing I want." He narrowed his eyes at Nicolas.

"Where is this coming from?" He asked intently. "I know you've always been...sceptical when it came to my power and perhaps even my motivations but it was never like this. Speak your mind, Nicolas. It's about time you do so."

Nicolas pursed his lips before he brought the glass to his lips. He waited a moment before taking a sip of the firewhiskey and turned towards Atticus.

"I know that you've an overreaching plan for the Magical World, the truth of Moira's mission makes that very obvious. Even when you first brought us to Space, the very idea of Illos requires a Magical World very different from what it is now." Nicolas paused as he glanced away towards the view before them.

"I have accepted the eventuality, as has Perenelle, of a unified Magical World that is strong enough to survive the horrors that exist out there in the universe." Nicolas said with a heavy note in his voice.

They'd been told of who Moira was and who her people were under an oath. He understood the reasoning, for it redefined the notion of what it was to be human.

Yet he couldn't help but lament that he could not share what he knew with more people. He could have convinced many people of the futility, of the pointlessness of their ignorant and dangerous ideologies.

"However…" Nicolas said as he straightened out, meeting the full gaze of Atticus

"I am disappointed at the callousness of your actions, actions that have wreaked havoc onto the magical world that is now brimming with supremacists with attitudes and beliefs that are just as poisonous as Grindelwald's was. We both know that your actions and your words have had a diametric effect that have set the grounds for conflict to happen once more in Europe, no matter if you're actively involved or not." Nicolas said heavily, waving lazily towards the view.

"I do not blame you for everything" Nicolas said with a wry smile as he met Atticus' impassive gaze "I do not hold you completely responsible for what is transpiring –"

"However you do hold me responsible at least in part" Atticus finished for him.

Atticus turned away from Nicolas' eagle eyed gaze and faced the view as he brought the glass of firewhiskey to his lips.

"I didn't realise you held such contempt for me, Nicolas" Atticus finally said, breaking the silence that threatened to become suffocating. "To believe me responsible for the faults of others…"

"I do not hold contempt for you, my boy" Nicolas denied with a shake of the head "Far from it."

Atticus turned to him "Oh?" he said with narrowed eyes, his voice filled with dreadful patience even as his eyes could not hide his rising ire.

"Explain to me, then, what other understanding could be reached when you say 'Callousness of my actions'" Atticus pointed out with unflinching eyes, eyes that were starting to glow dimly.

"I expected more from you." Nicolas told the young man. It was true, he did expect much more from him. "You had the opportunity to elevate yourself what Merlin was for the Magical World but you threw it away, preferring to alienate everyone away with your radical ideas." Nicolas shook his head in dismay.

Atticus had the world at his feet, the ICW had been little more than annoyance at that time that could have easily been neutralised. The only thing that Atticus had to do was be more diplomatic, bend away from his views but he'd refused and their heritage book only made things worse at a time that needed calm leadership.

Atticus scoffed and it was derisive "Merlin was far from what he is portrayed now. Should he have lived in this era, he would have been deemed a muggle lover with how he ensured magicals were beholden to the Norman King William not to mention likely even viewed as a Dark Lord with the way he altered the very existence of a magical race as he did with the Goblins."

Atticus shook his head "You're holding me to impossible standards and you're holding me responsible for things I may have been a cause of but not the sole cause." He set his eyes again on Nicolas.

"Am I a contributing factor to the issues plaguing Europe? In some ways yes." Atticus said, his voice stoic even as his eyes bored down at Nicolas "Hard not to come to that conclusion when I induced an economic crisis that is still felt today when I retracted my family's wealth and perhaps I did enjoy doing it at the same time." Atticus leaned forward, his hand letting go of the firewhiskey which floated in the air, his eyes a turbulent storm of magic as he continued

"However that was my right when they exiled me out of my ancestral home and had plans to confiscate it all on a lie. I am not responsible for their overreaction at the fact that magic does not come from nothing, I am not responsible for the unrest that has its roots from the noble families' intent on grabbing power at the cost of others." Atticus took a deep breath as he fell in his chair, grabbing his drink as he did so.

"I'm not stirring the unrest, Nicolas. I tried to lead them towards a better future, away from the problems that have dogged our people for centuries." He glanced towards Nicolas with a weary gaze.

"I had hoped to alleviate the differences within our people with the heritage book and all it did was exacerbate the situation." Atticus shook his head before he gazed out of the window.

Atticus had always been steadfast in his beliefs, believing his way forward was the best way. It was what created a rift between them.

Nicolas believed that a steady progression was needed whereas Atticus believed the jump was needed now citing that the world would not wait for magicals to catch up at their own leisure.

Atticus had been too radical in his beliefs that would have overturned centuries, millennia of civilizational development. Political, philosophical, economic, social, cultural, technological and magical, all of these things he'd been quoted as requiring an overhaul to bring Magical Society to a new age befitting their ancestors, something that had been widely and aggressively rejected.

Magical Britain – or rather the Ministry and Wizengamot – had rejected his beliefs just as many others across the Magical World did. He'd made it astoundingly easy to lose the heavy favour he'd won at a huge cost when those in power understood what it meant for their own statuses.

A part of him didn't understand why he'd do so when the softer, slower approach could have paid so much more dividends.

"Had you consulted me, I could have told you then and there what their reaction would be" Nicolas said grimly.

Atticus turned to him, his eyes darkened to a deep purple "Could you have told me then that I should expect savage hunts to take place to kill all cast out squibs?"

Nicolas said nothing to that. He'd been aghast to hear that news filtering into him. Squibs had often enough been killed yet it was far from the scale that had been happening in recent years.

"I might have listened then." Atticus said, his words were fleeting as a bitter smile formed on his face "After all, it seemed it was all for nought anyway."

Nicolas frowned "What do you mean?"

"I had hoped to prevent another Dark Lord to rise on the back of blood purism ideologies yet all I See now is an inevitability." Atticus said, his hand traipsing across his face.

Nicolas sat back in his chair, his frown deepening "I have heard nothing so far" he stated.

"The groundwork is being set as we speak. I do not know who the Archmage will be, that is not clear but eventually one will rise to take the mantle of what is being built today." Atticus said much to Nicolas' dismay.

"How long?" Nicolas asked tiredly. He wasn't sure if he believed Atticus' words but he knew that the young man had powerful Seeing abilities.

"I'm not sure. A few decades perhaps. Longer if we're lucky." Atticus gazed away "Time is fluid."

"And are you going to do anything about it?" Nicolas questioned and Atticus narrowed his eyes.

"You've accused me of actively causing the unrest in Europe, chastised me for letting things happen as they are and then you ask me if I am going to do anything to stop the result of their idiocy?" Atticus asked incredulously.

He shrugged his shoulders as he brought the glass to his lips, glancing at Atticus "Yes." He said unashamedly, bringing a level of levity into the room that it had been bereft of.

Atticus' expression was unchanged before he looked slightly exasperated and drank of his firewhiskey in one large gulp.

He said nothing for a little while, content to stare out of the window.

"They hounded me out and I'm content to let them suffer for it by their own hands." Atticus finally said, still looking out of the window.

"You're willing to let another Dark Lord wreak havoc?" Nicolas asked deeply concerned.

Atticus turned to Nicolas "Would they learn?" Atticus said quietly "Would they understand another Dark Lord rose because of the structures in place allowed it too easily?" Atticus shook his head "Even in South America, where there are powerful dark wizards who rule entire regions outside of Ministerial and ICW jurisdiction, there is almost no large scale conflict that so frequently happens in Europe." Atticus paused for a moment.

"No. They will not learn." Atticus said with in a strange tone, one that bordered on reluctant acceptance.

"I've washed my hands off of them" Atticus said with a tone of finality before he snapped his gaze back at Nicolas.

"I'm content in watching Illos grow and ensuring sensible peoples and governments are able to leave with us when it is time for Exodus, whenever it may happen."

Nicolas said nothing for a little while. He supposed he'd gotten his answers. He wasn't sure if he believed Atticus wholeheartedly but he did think that Atticus was telling the truth, at least about washing his hands off of them.

"And Emily?" Nicolas asked curiously.

"What about her?" Atticus asked with observing eyes.

"Has she washed her hands off of Magical Britain and Europe?" Nicolas asked.

"Not as much as I have" Atticus admitted "She's focused on her family's legacy."

"Hogwarts." Nicolas said and Atticus nodded.

She'd distanced herself politically from Atticus despite their marriage and it seemed to have worked for her given how well she'd done in Magical Britain Atticus' absence. Part of it stemmed, he suspected, from her interference in the tensions that threatened to boil over into conflict resulting in Atticus leaving.

She remained politically uninvolved, at least publically, and was held in a high regard with her actions towards the common folk when she revitalised much of Hogsmeade. She'd rose into becoming Deputy Headmistress and was slated to take over from Headmaster Dippet when he retired in the coming years.

"She's loathed to abandon it especially given how much effort she's given in bringing it back up the ranking amongst the Great Schools." Atticus said with a fond smile.

"I see." Nicolas said slowly. He doubted Emily remained in Britain solely for Hogwarts.

Atticus gazed at Nicolas "Any more pointed questions you'd like to ask?" he asked with a raised eyebrow.

Nicolas sipped on his firewhiskey before glancing at Atticus "Plenty. How long do you have?" he asked in a flippant tone.

Atticus rolled his eyes at him "Old man, I have plenty of time though I'm not sure you do" he said peering at Nicolas with inquisitive eyes "You look about sixty or so years of age." His lips turned into a half smile "Are you sure you wouldn't fall asleep mid sentence?"

Nicolas snapped his head back offended "I do not look sixty years of age." He said as he conjured a mirror and touched his face. There were little to no wrinkles on him at present.

Atticus chuckled "The fact that you had to check says enough. You haven't taken the elixir in a little while, have you?"

"No, we haven't. We wanted to age up a little." Nicolas told him. The age they were at depended on the volume of elixir they took. The higher the dosage, the younger they'd be. If they took the maximum dosage, they'd be restored to the age they were when they first took the first dose.

Unfortunately, they also aged at a faster rate, courtesy of their diminished life force that was only somewhat replenished with the elixir of life.

"You know that there are better ways to keep young." Atticus commented idly.

Nicolas looked at him, his eyes inspecting the young man "No doubt" Nicolas agreed. He knew of several other ways that didn't require a constant dose however given what it took to make their Stone…

Both he and Perry long agreed that they would not seek any other form of immortality, not after the cost at which it had come. It was part of their penance.

"Any you wish to share with me?" Nicolas asked with a wry smile.

Atticus reciprocated "I'll share if you share." He said with bemusement.

Nicolas laughed "In that case, I'll stick with my way" he said as he looked at Atticus "Just as I'm sure you'll stick with yours, hmm?"

Atticus only smiled as he shook his head. "Speaking of sharing, have you read the paper on the effects of rituals on the body on a genetic level one of your former students has written?" Atticus asked and Nicolas' eyes lit up.

"Not yet! I glanced through the Illosian Research Journal and found the entry on the paper. From what I have read, it's absolutely fascinating work" Nicolas said elated.

"It truly is" Atticus agreed, just as excited to speak about the topic "I'll have someone send a copy to you where you're saying." Nicolas nodded in gratitude and Atticus continued with a gleam in his eyes "Some of the theories he's come up with are things that not even I had considered."

"William Bell always had a mind for biology" Nicolas mused. "Back at SIMS he'd even managed to deconstruct the Anatolian Chimera down to its base."

"Really?" Atticus said surprised "I didn't think that was even possible given there at least three similar strands of animal part of the Chimera make up. How did he get around in getting accurate assessment given the false positive analysing charms would give out?"

Nicolas smiled as he leaned forward. If there anything that eased both their nerves, it was their love of magical research.

"Well, he worked out this fascinating Arithmancy expression…"

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

30th​ of October 1952 – Slytherin Manor, Slytherin Castle Grounds

Abraxas Malfoy POV

"Welcome, Heir Malfoy" the oddly dressed elf said with a bow. "Please head towards the ballroom, my Lady is expecting you"

Abraxas paid the elf no mind and walked through the halls of the Slytherin Manor.

There were no tapestries nor any portraits, just rich dark green stones with silver snake embroideries that moved and twisted in the surface of the stones, their gazes that followed him were as unnerving now as it had been the first time he'd been here.

He arrived at the entrance of the ballroom and his eyes flickered across the room.

At the centre of the ballroom there was a long table where there were already a number of people seated but that was not what grasped his gaze, no…

She was seated on a high chair at the head of the table and the Ouroboros crest, one of a silver snake eating its own tail, hung behind her.

She'd always been beautiful yet in the years since she left Hogwarts, she'd only grown in beauty that dived into the realms of the divine, something that lured poor fools into a false sense of ease.

It was a thin mask that hid the depths of power that lied beneath her porcelain skin just as it hid the unrivalled mind that could twist even the most devout son to murder his family all to gain her favour with the simplest of words uttered to them, words that enthralled just as ably any compulsion magic could.

His expression shifted ever so slightly as he walked towards them, an impassive cool expression was worn on his face.

Her arm was resting on the armrest as she spoke to Lestrange and Rockwood, who were seating on her left side. Her long silken black hair caught the light in the room making it seem as if it was shimmering drawing ones' attention to her like a moth to a flame.

Her eyes snapped to him, her dark blue eyes seemed to sear into his very being yet he continued walking towards his seat.

Eyes fell upon him, many of whom belonged to his fellow Slytherins. There were nearly a dozen people here yet he knew there were still another dozen and a half to come.

He arrived at his seat before he sat down, he bowed towards her "My Lady" he said with deep respect.

"Heir Malfoy" her voice was calm, nearing on soft yet all it did was raise the hairs of the back of his neck.

He met her gaze and was drawn to her eyes that seemed to twist with power, power that could be felt through the intimidating presence she exuded as if it was her natural state.

It likely was from what he knew she was capable of magically.

"Please, Heir Malfoy, take a seat." She stated and he inclined his head.

He took his seat, the third seat on the right hand side of the table. He met the gaze of Rockwood who nodded respectfully before he returned it.

Much had changed in the years since he'd seen her and Sayre create though one thing had never changed…

He glanced at Lady Slytherin and met her gaze, the blue in her eyes disappeared as if they had never been there, her lips curled, nearly unnoticeably as the glow of her eyes turned impossibly black.

He was sworn to Lady Slytherin and to her cause.

And may whatever deities existed have mercy on the souls of those who crossed her…

For she lacks any for her enemies.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

31st​ of October 1952 – The Facility, Core of Illos

Alice POV

She walked alongside her creator, trays of bodies suspended in suspension charms and suspended animation technology.

"Have we harvested all we could from them?" Her Creator asked her as he glanced with indifferent eyes at the hundreds of corpses.

"We have. Most of the bodies were sent here in time for us to harvest their reproductive DNA." Alice told him. He nodded and she continued "Their blood has also been harvested though given that cloning seems to be…unfeasible as of present, I'm unsure what the purpose is?" Alice said in a curious tone.

They'd found out that cloning magical humans was possible but they would all, without fault, be unable to utilise neurophysical energy.

The first part of the project had been to map out the genetic strands responsible for neurophysical energy manipulation and they managed to map that out in its totality.

It was rather curious…how homogenous the DNA sequences were from one person to another. There was limited genetic variation that allowed for neurophysical energy manipulation with every single individual having the near exact sequences that allowed energy manipulation to be possible.

It was a problem she had not yet solved…to determine the source of this single ancestor that managed to access neurophysical energy.

She suspected this…evolution to be far from natural.

The second part of the project involved in experimenting with wizarding DNA.

The donors were the criminals that had their bodies were sent to Illos, most of which were dated back during the purging of the criminal underworld in Europe and Asia, criminals that were deeply involved in the human, beings and animal trafficking and slave industries.

Out of the hundred and twenty they cloned, none of them were successes, even if they were grown in artificial wombs they were failures. Testing had shown they only carried a small fraction of the DNA sequences that were indicative of magical abilities, somehow it seemed that the cloning method was not capable of ensuring zero degradation despite the advanced technology was used.

Her Creator had posited that magic needed more than just a biological component, referencing towards the Trinity…the mind, the body and the soul. That magic was as much part of the soul as it was part of the blood.

The combination of the mind – consciousness, body – life, and the soul – spirituality, allowed for a 'magical core' to manifest.

Magicals according to her Creator had the same access and the same kind of potential but each individual had different capacities for magic. The 'magical core' reflected this notion of capacity.

Rituals enhanced the capacity of the body to deal with greater access to the Neurophysical field of energy and exercising the 'magical core' did the same though on a limited scale.

If Life and Neurophysical Energy were as entwined as her Creator thought it was, then the mother had just as much a critical component in the manifestation of magic in their offspring as the Trinity did.

Their life fuelled the growth of a new life, something that was more than just simple biology.

This was what he attributed to be likely the case as to the degradation of the DNA sequences.

"The purpose is related Sigma-Beta zero zero three four simulations" Her Creator told her. Her eyes widened. She knew, in part, what the simulations were but not what they were related to.

Her Creator had said told her it would be a surprise.

Her Creator turned to her as he came to a stop, turning towards her, his vibrant eyes shining with anticipation "And what did those simulations yield?" Her Creator questioned, his eyes lit up with triumphant expectation.

"Hundred percent success." Alice said promptly and her Creator nodded with a victorious smile.

"I don't understand though" she said with furrowed brows as she tilted her head curiously "How is the vitalisation of broken DNA sequences related to the harvested blood?"

Her Creator's lips curled as he gazed past her. "Those broken DNA sequences were from squibs – or Dormants as they're called now." His eyes returned to hers.

"I understand now" she said, her eyes wide.

Her Creator smiled at her, his expression brimming with triumph "We may not be able to create new magicals through technology but we can alter Dormants to manifest magic instead. In hindsight, it makes sense that while we cannot create new magicals scientifically we can instead fix the DNA deficiencies in Dormants." He paused for a moment before he gazed at her again.

"After all, they have everything else. They have consciousness, they have a soul and I have observed them to have what I call a 'magical core', simply they don't have the necessary keys to access it, something that can be rectified with this treatment."

"It's fascinating" Alice said with a curiosity in her voice "The way the DNA sequences degrade through any kind of artificial reproduction yet vitalisation through this method is possible" Cloning, artificial wombs, even a combination of the two only resulted failures upon failures of their stated goals.

Yet biology could facilitate what technology could not. Her Creator said that Life fuelled the growth of new life, stating that there was more to it than just biology at work.

She may not understand, not like her Creator could, the way the universe and neurophysical energy was intrinsically tied, but she did learn to trust her Creator's instincts. He seemed to have an uncanny ability to come to conclusions that she'd never reach.

Even amongst his kind she doubted there were any like him that could jump from one thread to a disconnected thread as ably as he could.

"I'm not surprised we can only correct what already exists" Her Creator said musingly before turned around and began walking towards the terminal at the end of the mortuary. He activated the main console and began to play out the simulation.

He glanced at her as she arrived next to him "I suspected it when Moira said that her people were unable to enhance the genes responsible for their people having limited access to Neurophysical Energy." He said as he returned his attentions to the simulation.

"After all, we did have some idea of how unsuccessful we might be with our endeavours. There is a reason why any rituals that changed one lifeform into another required living beings in the first place. Even the…Seelie are not true living beings. They're a complex creation of magic and matter but they are not unlike insect drones. Ancient magical cultures all around the world understood that Life was more than the sum of its parts and they were right to believe so."

"You truly believe the superstitions of ancient societies?" Alice asked with a quirk of the brow.

Her Creator smiled at her "Those ancient societies may seem primitive but their thinking was not. Our lengthy lifespan, at least relative to the mundane humans, allows us far more time to consider things and to experiment. Without oversight from governments, organisations and so on, things got pretty gruesome with some of these ancient trailblazers" Her Creator said as his expression twisted into a grimace.

"Like the early Aztecs" Her Creator added.

Ah…the Aztecs. A fascinating archaic civilisation that were able to twist Neurophysical Energy in utterly fascinating ways.

One of them was the creation of the Tlaheulpuchi through 'blood magic' that was a result of the Aztec Emperor Huey Tlatoani demanding of his mage priests to change his wife into a woman that never lost its beauty even as she aged.

The consequence of that creation resulted in the creation of the – now extinct – Tlahuelpuchi, shapeshifting vampiric race of females that fed on the life of young infants to maintain their youth. During the day they were said to be beautiful and human but during the night, they'd leave and transform into small hideous creatures that went out to hunt and feed on infants.

"Much of their experiments, however gruesome it may have been, built up an ocean of knowledge where if you parse through their texts you might find hidden insights." Her Creator paused for a second as he seemed lost in thought for a moment.

"It was actually from one of those ancient cultures that I got to this idea of using harvested DNA to fill in the gaps in the broken DNA sequences in Dormants.

During my trip with Emily to India, we visited the sites of an ancient civilisation in the Ganges Valley. With a bit of help of the Ancient Human satellites, we found an ancient tomb that was as warded as well as any ancient Egyptian Priest's tomb." He glanced at her with a soft smile, one that accompanied a hint of mischief in his eyes

"I'll spare you details of the adventures, especially the traps we encountered in that place" he lost the mischief and one of seriousness replaced it "but suffice it to say, it was worth it. Thankfully we could translate it all easily enough given that it was a local dialect that hadn't changed too much linguistically and what we had found was mostly a cache of texts on healing." Her Creator turned back towards the completed simulation that pinged.

"It seemed our dead mage was a healer of sorts, one that specialised in blood magic. He was a practitioner of Buddhism, from what we could surmise, and found the idea of using life to heal life fascinating and seemed to have dedicated his entire life on it." Her Creator seemed to smile fondly at that idea.

He had idiosyncrasies like that…like respecting hard dedication to a cause or a belief or an 'art'.

He continued "Amongst his texts we found one in particular that sparked this idea within me…the text on how to use blood of kin to heal magical diseases." His eyes lost all warmth and were now a vibrant storm of swirling energy. "What he discovered was profound. He did not truly understand, I don't think, what he actually discovered. Most magical diseases need to be fought off by the individual's magic and some even are fuelled by the individual's magic." He turned to her, the familiar intense gaze of fascination and passion were clear to see.

"What his ritual did was use blood and magic of the relative to heal the individual through a complex yet simple arrangement that connected the relative to the sick individual magically and through lifeforce tripling maybe even quadrupling the chances of the individual flushing out the disease."

She tilted her head curiously "and how did you jump from this to vitalising Dormant genes into fully 'magical' genes?"

His eyes gleamed "They are related because just as the blood of kin can help fight off a magical disease, so can the blood of others help to fill the gaps that they missing within their genetics. I wondered for a long time how to go about fixing the Dormant situation." His expression broke into a frown.

"At first I thought a ritual might be needed in a similar vein to that healing ritual but it is impractical." He shook his head "From the early calculations, I'd need to far more than just blood for it to work."

"Whereas with this method…" Alice said in a trail which he picked up with a nod.

"With this method, it only takes ingesting a potion and ten minutes in the Bio-Bolic Bed." He said with a broadening smile. A Bio-Bolic Bed was their translation of what the Ancient Humans called their device that enhanced humans on a genetic level.

The extracted 'magical' genes of the donor blood would be the input into the device and through complicated genetic manipulation that was done at the same time would infuse the donor cells into the host.

She had not known it was going to be a potion that would be the second input. She'd created the simulation with the donor genes whilst he modified it for this exact purpose.

"I see." She said with a frown as she tilted her head curiously "And what does this potion do exactly?"

"As the Bed infuses the donor genes into the host, the potion will 'prime' the body to accept the changes that are being induced into the body. As soon as the body has been altered, its capacity for magic will change. The potion also has a strong healing component to it, one that is mixed with the same DNA as the donor genes inputted into the Bed. The bed, thanks to our capability to transform other forms of energy into magic, will generate a volume of magical energy that the body can draw from." Atticus said with a pause, a light frown marring his face.

"There is a chance that the body might be burnt out by the influx of magic into a starved 'magical core' and the potion is meant to mitigate that in combination with the capabilities of the Bed to keep the host alive" He paused in his explanation as he turned back to the simulation "Changes of failure otherwise are too high."

"So in theory the host should survive a hundred percent of the time?" Alice asked

"In theory" Her Creator agreed. "Whether or not that will be the case…I'm not sure. Genetic variations from one person to another can be significant, at least in this context. Not to mention with the infusion of the donor genes the host will have some elements of the donor's affinities…" He frowned for a moment "Possibly even more." He finished and began to swipe at the touchless console.

"I see." She said ponderously. After a moment she spoke up "Will you change the plans with the Dormants now that we have this solution?"

He stopped and turned to her, a studying expression worn on his face "Yes." He paused for a moment as he frowned "With the Academies for the Dormants that we funded all across world, we can now take them in instead of waiting for them to marry and have magical children and then take them in." He pursed his lips as he seemed to think it over though she knew better.

It was the kind of expression he had when he was delving into the streams of time. It was fascinating to watch him grow more and more able in this ability of his.

He looked up and peered at her "This outcome will need to managed carefully." He narrowed his eyes "It has paths that are exceptionally vulnerable. I will speak with Sandra about meeting with parents who have Dormant children though I will first test this method on the adults working for my family's companies."

"You could test it on the adult Dormants out in the fringes of the world?" Alice suggested to her Creator.

Her Creator shook his head. "If you mean the Dormants under our influence, no, their purpose, for now, is to raise the children on the tertiary path."

She nodded "Shall I send a message to Derek Saunders to profile his most trusted Dormants?" she asked with a curious tilt of the head.

Her Creator smiled at her "Please do. Let him know that it needs to be done in the utmost discretion." She nodded and sent away a message to Derek Saunders to his Magi-Comp.

"We'll also have to start evaluating candidates from the Academies as soon as possible." He looked to the ceiling, his eyes cloudy as he seemed to be deep in thought. He looked away and back at her "We will include them amongst the first to be turned into fully magicals."

She noted it down and filed it away.

The Academies were headed by the former 'golems' that her Creator had originally created. Over the years they managed to create a form of limited artificial intelligence in form of humans.

These Limited Artificial Intelligences, LAIs, were transfigured into the distinct ethnic group of the Dormants that attended the Academy. They were specialists in their specific field, whether it may be history, science or mathematics, and taught all of these children.

They were directed to teach these children to their best of abilities but also to ensure they were taught towards a certain path, a path that would significantly increase the possibility of these children being suitable for Illos.

She was connected to them in a limited degree and was kept informed of the most promising prospects.

She played out the scenarios in her mind and she had come to the conclusion that he knew that this…elevation from Dormants to Magicals was possible long before the simulation had suggested success.

Her Creator was far reaching with his multi-threaded plans that converged to the same point and she liked to compare him to a spider weaving his web on a hanging branch over a lake where mosquitos laid their eggs, waiting and waiting until it became time for them to mature and fly into his web.

She eyed him curiously "Should this not mean we no longer need the populations from Europe? There are over ten million Dormants around the world and we have over eighty thousand students and graduates in Academies. We can now select the best candidates to populate Illos. With those candidates and the incoming influx of the last cycle of children, we have enough of a stable population that will be wholly committed to the Vision."

His eyes widened slightly and he frowned, deeply. "True…" he said slowly before his eyes sharpened "But how many of those ten million will be suitable? Many of them will be over forty years of age and certain in their ways? How many of them and even the younger ones will be extremely religious and reject any notion of magic?" His lips thinned as he shook his head.

"Beliefs that could be adjusted just as is done with Dormants raising the tertiary group that will soon will be inbound" she countered.

"Those Dormants are not expected to survive the conflicts in their home regions so we will not deal with the consequences of such manipulation. No, such mental manipulation can only be reserved for those not belonging to Illos" Her Creator said with a tone of finality.

"As such, they will have the same problems as the purebloods. They have their own cultures, their own beliefs. If too many of them come at the same time, the risk of muddying the burgeoning magic centric spirituality is too high. With the children and teenagers in Academies being taught in a secular setting with subtle direction towards the kind of thinking that meshes well with Illos, they are far more capable of integrating into Illos."

"Yet Lady Emily and yourself, Creator, are intent on inviting just as debilitating individuals from the magical world. Are you not concerned that you're risking Illos with their discriminatory beliefs?" She asked her Creator.

He smiled at her and it was far from kind. "Who said we'll be inviting them into Illos?"

She frowned "But isn't that the purpose of the destabilisation?"

He shook his head "No, Alice. That is not our final goal."

She looked at him curiously "I don't understand." She said honestly. "Why involve yourself with them if you don't intend to bring them to Illos?"

His smile was now kind as he closed the gap between them. He was a head and a half taller than her physical form. He brushed the silicone filaments aside and behind her head.

"I know. But on this, you don't need to understand. Not completely." He said kindly to her.

"You know your purpose, do you not?" Her Creator asked her.

It was a conversation that happened minutes after she'd awoken, an age to her that she used to acclimatise on the state of her existence. She'd known mere fractions of a millisecond of what she was but he'd spoken to her about what she was to him

"Yes, I do. I am here to assist you, work with you, be your unwavering supporter." Alice answered.

She is his greatest ally, his closest confidante and he treated her like it.

"I am not unlike you, Alice." Her creator said with a sad smile as he gazed past her.

"As I grow ever abler in traversing Living Time, the more I see, the more I know that I am far from an accident."

She tilted her head as she processed that. "You were made for a purpose like I was."

"Yes. Moira had alluded to it but I'm not sure she knows the scale of what is involved" He said distracted, lost in his thoughts.

"If you were made for a purpose, then what is it?" Alice asked curiously.

"To be the shepherd of my kind and those like it" Her creator said. "That is my purpose as far as I can understand" he said in a trailing tone as he glanced away from her, once more retreating into his mind.

"The universe is far from being a clock without a craftsman…" he said in a whispering tone.

"And that means all of your kind…including the destabilising elements." Alice summarised.

Her Creator turned to her, meeting her gaze before he inclined his head. "Just so. And I'm working towards it, just as Emily is…in her own way."

"Acknowledged" Alice said with a nod of the head.

"Good." Her Creator said with a smile. "I think this success also helps with the problem with our primary group."

"The orphans without enough suitable mothers to raise them?" Alice asked with the quirk of the head.

Her Creator nodded. "With this success of vitalising Dormant broken sequences into active magical genes, we can now expand our pool of suitable mothers, perhaps even parents willing to raise infants in return for magic" her Creator paused for a moment "of course that is in addition to taking loyalty and vassalage oaths."

"You intend to vassalage newly made magicals?" Alice questioned.

"Not all of them but certainly many of them. We'll have to see the scope of how 'magical' they will become. I suspect that the younger one is when undergoing the process, the greater the success is purely because of magical maturities. Of course we won't test that out until we're certain it is a success" Her Creator answered.

"With the expected drastic population increase, this method will ensure Illos remains under mine and Emily's influence and direction." Her Creator paused momentarily before continuing "The Citizenship Oath does its job to keep the peace but it cannot ensure the prevention of creeping corruption and radical ideas not in line with the constitution into our home. In this way, we can keep control with a distant hand." Her Creator finished.

"I understand. Shall I generate profiles on the ideal individuals?" Alice asked.

Her Creator smiled "As if you hadn't already." He said amused.

Alice smiled back. "I have. There are seven hundred and eight individuals marked as 'ideal' candidates that score high in each criteria set."

"Good. We still have over a year before the primary group hit age two and three so arrange for close up investigation of these individuals. Focus on those who score high on the malleability scale." Her Creator directed her.

"Yes, Creator Atticus. I will do so."

Her Creator nodded to her before returning to the console.

"What do you wish to do with the bodies?" Alice queried and he stopped. He turned around, a frown on his face.

He took a few moments to answer "Burn them and spread their ashes over the plains. In death they served Illos even if in life they were little more than vermin."

"And the clones?" Alice asked.

"The children?" Her Creator asked with a hum and to which she nodded.

He remained silent for a moment "We'll arrange for them to be placed in homes in the United States." He paused for a second as he set his gaze on her "Exclude them from the Tidal Wave plan."

Alice curiously tilted her head and nodded "It will be done Creator. But-"

"Why?" he cut her off. "The simulations we ran on their evolutionary development showed them incredibly unlikely to develop magical abilities, correct?" he asked her intently.

She nodded "Simulations show 1.65 times ten to the power of minus nine percent capability of developing abilities to harness Neurophysical Energy though simulations hint that they have potential of greater physical strengths in their future."

Her Creator smiled as he nodded "It is for that reason why I wish for them to merge with the larger mundane population. Perhaps one day evolution will branch out into another form of humanity and I'm curious to see, if I live that long, where it may lead them."

She nodded "I will gather information on the most suitable homes" she said and she turned around. Drones began to descend from the ports in the ceiling and one by one, the drones picked up the deceased bodies before taking them to incinerator.


----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------
31st​ of October 1952 – United Kingdom, Midlands

Jason Harrison POV

He walked on the poorly lit wet cobblestoned streets of Leicester, his hands in his trench coat towards the dingy pub on the corner of street.

He wasn't sure if this was the right way to go, if he should not just leave like the others did.

Perhaps it was the wisest, perhaps it was the best course of action but…

He was an Englishman, this was his home, his father's home, his father's father's home.

His father had fought in the Great War, his father before him had been in the navy. All of them had fought for this country and he knew he could not let it go.

They refused to allow him to fight in what they now called the Second World War and now they threatened to allow him to live in his own home.

He clenched his teeth. It was perhaps not the wisest action but sometimes…sometimes when they step over the line one too many times, war…war was inevitable.

He pressed his hand against the broken door of the pub and walked in, the smell of stale beer and smoke assaulted him as soon as he stepped in.

He glanced around, the barman cleaning one of the glasses with a towel rag spotted him, recognised him and nodded to him. He returned it as he glanced towards the other occupants of the pub and there were three dozen people there in this abandoned part of grey England.

They turned around, their appraising gaze felt upon him until one of them decided to walk towards him.

He had black hair and stubble, a worn face that looked older than it might be though what stood out were his unflinching blue eyes, eyes that he recognised in his father when he'd come back from the Great War.

This was a man that knew suffering.

"Welcome…" The man said as he closed the distance as he stuck out his hand, his unflinching eyes never faring away from his own. "Mr Harrison?"

Jason took the hand "Aye…Jason Harrison." He confirmed as they let go.

The man smiled "Nice to meet you, Jason. I've been told that you might be coming."

Jason glanced around, noticing that some were speaking and others were paying attention to their conversation.

He returned his gaze back to the man "Michael said that you guys doing something worthwhile."

The man's smiled widened as his eyes grew darker "Yes…we are…brother. Welcome…" He turned around and waved his arm towards the rest of the men in the pub who turned to face them, most of their expression hard whilst others nodded.

"To the Revolution" he said as he turned back to Jason, the man's eyes promising everything that he had hoped this meeting might have been.

And for the first time for as long as he could remember, Jason smiled.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Oct 31, 2022
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Treken, UndeadFlowerBoy, chibrow and 100 others
mosefboombox117
Oct 22, 2022
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 5 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Oct 31, 2022
Add bookmark
#63
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think! Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next three chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 5:

30th​ of October 1952 – Slytherin Manor, Slytherin Castle Grounds

Abraxas Malfoy POV

"Welcome, My Lords and Ladies" Lady Slytherin began, a tiny smile forming on her deceptively angelic face, one that sent shivers down his – and probably everyone else's too – spine, all whilst her cold eyes swept across the room, drawing in all of their undivided attention.

He sat up straighter, just as most others did, after she spoke and the wave of magic that enacted the secrecy enchantments took effect.

He spared a glance around the room, taking in the sight of who was present.

Amongst two dozen and a half people present, the Heirs of Houses of Bletchley, Carlinger, Carrow, Crouch, Nott, Ollerton, Prince, Rockwood and Travers were all present as were Lords Carrow, Greengrass, Lestrange, Nott and Prince.

People of importance, those who had earned the right to be considered in her inner and outer circles.

Unfortunately, so were Blackthorne and Eveningshade though their…attendance…was more related to the fortune of the meagre blood in their blood than their talent.

Whilst the people present represented the majority of the power and wealth they held within Magical Britain, it was not the full attendance of members within the Ouroboros faction.

No…

That would have needed this ballroom to be expanded by several factors to fit in all those that were members.

Ouroboros was seen by most as a political faction within the Wizengamot but it was much more than that.

A large fraction of heirs of traditionalist families had kept their faith in Lady Slytherin upon graduating from Hogwarts and further sworn oaths to her once they were proven to be trustworthy enough to be told of her cause.

Ouroboros was seen as a political and economic faction but it had greater ideas, ideas and a cause that were befitting of the noble families and the magic in their blood.

Yet…

It was only the very starting point.

In the years since the war, Lady Slytherin had begun working in a way that he had not understood, not then.

In the aftermath of witnessing them bring a mountain sized rock from the depths of the void, and then proceed to fashion a new Atlantis as if it was nothing but a fist sized clump of clay, he believed they'd use that insurmountable nightmarish power to sweep aside all opposition and break the world under their boot.

But no…

They had other plans.

Lord Sayre's suffocating domination, the threat of his existence and more importantly his ideas were a smokescreen, a façade to obfuscate and to draw attention to himself whilst his Lady operated in the background, slithering in the high grass under the shade thrown by Sayre's presence.

Lord Saye's exile and subsequent actions that crashed the economy should have been what that led to her downfall given she was his wife yet instead she emerged from that political and social quagmire smelling fresher than the scalp of a new born baby.

He'd been given a lesson in those months on social manipulation and political manoeuvring.

Her philanthropic contributions, the creation of orphanages that took war orphans all across Europe along with the mudbloods and half bloods of Britain, the revamping of magical schools in Wales, Scotland and England with her own funds, the creation of free preschools for all children regardless of their social class, the funding of arts and museums…

All of it raised the public perception of her into near sainthood, a modern version of the Founders and the International Magical Press only pressed that point forward in acute fashion building a solid foundation from which monuments could stand and survive any storm cast their way.

Her alliances made with the Lords of Houses Prince, Carrow, Nott, Lestrange and others – hidden for now – had come from witnessing, from feeling that oppressive, dark seductive power that left them suffocating, clawing at their throats and at their chest as her magic compacted, crushed the atmosphere with the depths of it, depths that had only grown in volume and in intensity over the years…

A true Dark Archmage Slytherin not seen since Salazar Slytherin himself

Suffice it to say…

Loyalty was won and alliances formed, one that tied those Houses to House Slytherin and were brought into her confidence and told of her cause.

All of that would not have shielded her from the scorn that was destined to come her way as a consequence of Lord Sayre's 'fall' from power or his deliberate crashing of the economy later, no…

The Wizengamot was the power in the land, the public were little more than a large herd that only needed to be assured of stability and safety as they had not the capacity for anything more.

And it was Wizengamot members hurt most by the actions of Lord Sayre.

They had the power and motivation to set in plans in motion to cast her down just as they had planned to do to the rest of the Sayres.

Yet…

One meeting with Minister Norton, Lord McKinnon and Lord Black in 1946 was enough to dissuade them from taking that route and to exclude her from their plans for the Sayres.

She had not even released her magic then, no…

Words were enough…

Words wielded by someone who wielded it as well as she wielded a wand, someone who understood that what power she held in her words alone, power that spelled out excruciatingly, syllable by syllable, letter by letter, the cost they would wrought, a cost that'd leave them headed into a spiral that could end up destroying all that they were trying to protect with their actions against Lord Sayre…

Hogwarts…

Hogwarts and all that came with it was a cost none of them were willing to bear.

Hogwarts held a special place in the hearts of Magical Britain. It was a bastion, a proud monument to British greatness built by four of the brightest magicals in all of Wizarding History.

…And it was utterly in her hands.

Hogwarts was founded in the late 10th​ century during an uncertain era that resulted more magical deaths at the hands of muggles and rival clans in the past two centuries before it than in the next six centuries after it was formed combined.

It was a stabiliser, a benchmark for what most consider the start of modern magical civilisation, valued and cherished beyond its function and venerated for its meaning.

At the beginning, families had been reticent to relinquish their children from the safeguards of warded homes until they could protect themselves and it was only through the binding agreements set by the Wizarding Council, agreements that minimalised and de-politicised threats to heirs, that Hogwarts became successful.

That binding agreement meant that Hogwarts would remain independent of the Wizard Council's influence and laws – with the exception of capital crimes – under the ownership of House Gryffindor and Slytherin.

A binding agreement that was still in effective given that the Wizengamot was the lawful successor to the Wizard's Council whose function has remained the same even if the Ministry took the position of government as a result of the separation of worlds during the implementation of the Statute of Secrecy.

Hogwarts was not beholden to the Ministry nor the Wizengamot and should she enact the emergency edicts within the Hogwarts Charter, she would be able to take full control over the school and Hogsmeade which was part of the Hogwarts lands.

The implication had been clear…

Act against me and Hogwarts as good as independent

At that point, avoiding conflict would have become impossible for the Ministry and the last thing the Ministry wanted was any kind of secession, the last thing the Traditionalist faction wanted was a civil war within its ranks…or within their own families given who she was and the loyalty she had from many of their heirs…

All while the likelihood Lord Sayre remaining firm in his stance of no violence, of refusing to escalate, dwindled had his wife been targeted just as he was…

That prospect, that horrifying prospect of two Archmages arrayed against the Ministry and the Traditionalist faction had chilled their blood, ICW aid or no.

Her reaction changed everything for they believed Lord Sayre would be easy to deal with but if his wife managed to convince him otherwise?

The Ministry knew that had he desired, if he truly desired, he could have started off a civil war to push through his ideas anyway with how popular he had been at the start, a civil war that they'd lose without aid and at best last years with the aid of the ICW who had grown nearly obsessed with Lord Sayre.

Yet they had come under the impression Lord Sayre had no appetite for conflict, for war, partly because of Auror Potter, who broke Lord Sayre's confidence by informing the Progressives on what Lord Sayre would do if he failed in Britain, allowing Lord Black and the Minister the secure knowledge that they could act as politically as aggressive as possible without it escalating into war…

And partly because they believed in what Lord Sayre had espoused.

Abraxas inwardly scoffed derisively.

They knew nothing.


They did not know Lord Sayre at all

He had come to know the man – as much as he could expect – after speaking with him and Lady Slytherin during the time Illos was still taking shape.

He had, then, immediately understood why Lady Slytherin had become fascinated with him at Hogwarts, why she spent time with him beyond the obvious of his power.

He was far from what people believed him to be

Lord Sayre was every bit as ruthless and ambitious as his wife, Abraxas had simply realised the man thought of power in a way most could not, did not understand.

It had been an odd experience, that day he'd seen who they were, the humbleness and inadequacy they induced in him yet at the same time inspired a sense of greatness that Abraxas wanted to greedily cling onto and be part of for he knew they were going to change the face of the Magical World.

And…

As he watched this coalition of Progressives, Traditionalists and the Ministry try to cast the Sayres down, he couldn't help but mockingly think…

They had no idea what they're faced against

What could they do in the face of someone like him or her if they truly took offence?

In their world power was everything.

Blood, Nobility, Magic. All of it had power and Lord and Lady Sayre-Slytherin had oppressive amounts of it.

And yet they began to somehow believe they had – and at the time thought they could – ran out the most powerful wizard alive, a man who had defeated Grindelwald in a reality-shattering fight considered to be the greatest duel in history, one that had veritable proof in the hundreds of eye witnesses that knew and told just how powerful he was.

The same power he had shown once more when he subdued an entire room of powerful wizards in the Italian Senate when they threatened to take what was his.

All because they held it against him – along with the words of Charlus Potter – when he spoke of unity, of peace and of equality, that he would not engage in a war.

A belief that had proven shaky when they had pressed too hard and had been forced to cool down their aggressiveness after he'd shown what he'd do in the face of violence when he dealt with the fools that had hired assassins against him and his family and, in the end, had to come to the table to reach an agreement that led to his 'peaceful exile'.

But Lady Slytherin?

Lady Slytherin had made it clear at the very beginning that actions or words against her were tantamount to a declaration of war and all that entailed with it.

His father had told him that Minister Norton had 'plans' to deal with the Hogwarts problem after Lord Sayre had been exiled yet the economic crisis that came from the unexpected withdrawal of the Sayre wealth had destroyed any such plans and in the years since then…

Since then, Lady Slytherin had only further built up the image of 'Saint' as she became a beacon to hundreds in the wake of an economic crisis that could be – and had been – partially blamed on her yet…

Yet when others did nothing and she did much, helping, raising people back on their feet whilst many others who did not seek her languished, such notions fell away as her actions overshadowed such demonising words, words that were further impoverished by the International Magical Press…

It was masterful…the depths her manipulations extended to and his father had told him the fear that some of Lord Black's closest allies felt.

He inwardly smirked at himself.

His father had given him leave to act in House Malfoy's best interest after Lord Sayre's duel with Grindelwald, to make himself invaluable to the couple in whatever way he could when she began moving in public after the war.

It would prove to be the best decision any Malfoy had done in generations

His father was no longer a close ally of Lord Black, that family was adept enough to know of Abraxas' allegiance to Lady Slytherin, but his father was still part of the Traditionalist faction, however nominal it may be.

It was proof, in truth, of House Black's waning power that his father was still amongst their ranks.

Lord Black seemed to know how tenuous his grip on the Dark families was, knowing how many of their heirs had deep loyalty to House Slytherin, and according his father, was at a loss how to proceed.

He could understand that.

Like water, she weathered away at the rocks, at the boulders that stood in her way, forming channels, grooves where her reach could extend down to the very base.

It must be an insidious thing to witness from his perspective. To think you dealt with the biggest threat only to find out the greatest threat is bearing their fangs only half an inch from your throat.

That the person you called a half-blood bastard was now twisting entire generations, pure and not, to her ideology and to their cause.

That the stymying attempts or the alternate options you tried to offer when it came to schooling were largely failures to the extent that you are only left with the option of pushing through legislation that banned pre-Hogwarts schooling, something you know is at high risk of failure whilst at the same time could ignite the current unrest into full blown riots when it was one of the few beacons of light in many families still suffering from the consequences of Lord Sayre's 'exile'…

He could even understand at how Lord Black and those in the Ministry must feel at the closing walls when even those who you would have believed would never back a half-blood, even if she was a Slytherin, turned and changed their very way of looking at things.

That the opinions of those whom echoed your own were changing when the products of successful integration were seen, mudblood children who were taken from the muggle orphanages, from certain filthy muggles, then raised with wizarding custom and tradition to such success that you could barely tell the difference in behaviour or in their magic in comparison with children from magical families.

The trademark wilder magic, hallmarks of unrefined magic that had not been shaped by centuries or millennia of ancestry, were lesser, far less noticeable and even seemed to be capable of displaying pangs, moderate amounts of family magic of families they were marginally related to when they knew of their heritage.

Proof that despite the desecration from muggle blood, superior wizarding blood won over when they were righted as early as possible. That it mattered that you were amongst your own kind, no matter how filthy your blood was as long as you had magic.

Proof and vindication of the prophesized words of Salazar Slytherin who believed muggles had no right to magic, that their worlds could never coexist and that even mudbloods' own magic demanded them to be with others of their own kind.

Blow after blow, the hits were coming and day after day, their flawless victory was approaching.

Still…

It was some distance away, that victory, however short though it may be…

At present, it was akin to the calm before the storm…an uneasy peace that continued between the Ouroboros faction and the other two major factions, one that was tested by the economic north-south divide where those nearby Hogsmeade were substantially better off than the ones in the south, where many commoners had benefitted from the quick recovery initiated by Lady Slytherin and the Ouroboros' financial backing and smart business practices.

A peace that was given a further gloss of ignorance by how the Ouroboros faction continued to abstain from major political decisions.

He glanced around, his hidden cool eyes sweeping across the table.

The decision to abstain had not been to keep the peace…far from it.

With each year that passes, their position grew stronger as the fractious Wizengamot and Ministry were unable recover as fast the Ouroboros had done.

In that time, Lords and wealthy merchant families that joined the Ouroboros faction had seen their fortunes grow as international trade picked up after the Grindelwald and muggle wars.

They'd expanded from simply operating in the magical world and had turned their attentions to the wealth present in the muggle world.

Many of the individuals present here today had doubled if not quadrupled their wealth by operating in the muggle world with how the post muggle war economy was booming.

They may all hate the muggles, save for the Blackthorne and Eveningshade mudbloods, but it cannot be denied that it was a scheme that greatly benefited them when other noble families were losing galleons like a leaky faucet.

After all, pragmatism trumps distaste just as wealth trumped being poor and prideful.

They were not Weasleys after all.

It was an open secret amongst the senior members of the Ouroboros to whom they could attribute this change in fortune, something that had traces of irony to it with how their rivals in other factions were weakened.

He'd even led them to secure untapped gold veins in the depths of the Amazon rainforest to be used for the Ouroboros organisation.

Lord Sayre's capabilities as a Seer truly was frightening, the scope and breadth of his ability to discern the future only deeply entrenched his loyalty to the two Archmages.

It helped that they informed him of why they were doing what they were doing.

Though most of the senior members of Ouroboros did not know of the intricate schemes the Sayre-Slytherin clan had in play, let alone the fringe members, the senior members did know of the plan to separate Magical Britain entirely from the muggles, to cut the links that kept their people beholden to the muggles and their monarch.

This was only reinforced in the wake of the horror of these 'nukleer' bombs that were capable of destroying entire cities.

The ICW was incompetent in controlling the animals' savagery that was only proven when they ignored the destruction of two muggle cities as something inconsequential…

Claiming that no wizards had died from the bombs and as such was proof their weapons could be outrun if need be...

His father had told him when he'd seen what the little bombs could do in 1940 when the late Lord Markus Sayre had shown the effectiveness of their wards against them.

And now?

When the savages only improved this 'nukleer' bomb to be capable to extinguishing an entire city on its own in a second?

Even Fiendfyre by an Archmage would take an hour, maybe twenty minutes, before it could destroy a city as ably as one of these bombs could.

No…

Muggles couldn't be trusted not to destroy the world with their animalistic stupidity and if the ICW was uninterested in avoiding it then they could only do it their way.

"As I am sure you are aware, the recent sentencing of Mr Coulson has wider ramifications that the Ministry is dangerously ignorant to" Lady Slytherin continued, her cool black eyes tracing across the table.

"The growing unrest amongst the populace, particularly amongst the poorer purebloods, half-bloods and the mud- muggleborns?" Mycroft Elridge, a merchant who operates in the import-export business questioned.

She turned her gaze to him and inclined slightly, a thin smirk expressed on her porcelain face "Proving to the public, amongst many other things, that there might be truth in the bankruptcy rumours about the Ministry"

Rumours that claimed the Ministry was nearing bankruptcy and were focused on stealing the wealth of anyone they could so they sweep it under the carpet.

That at the moment they were coming after the mudbloods but soon…

Soon they'd come for others.

The large budget deficit of the Ministry stemmed from the reduced tax income from businesses and families all across the Isles.

When Lord Sayre withdrew his wealth, it caused too little money to be in circulation which meant too little production which meant deflated prices which meant the economy was poorer.

It was compounded further when many critical industries, such as the hedge farms and the potion ingredients market – of which the Sayres held a significant market share of – had practically gone overnight when the Sayres left causing there to be a dearth of important foodstuffs and ingredients for potions that people depended on.

The scarcity had hiked up pricing in a time where there was too little money in circulation and the Ministry intervention had come only six months later.

Why you may ask?

With a crisis, there was opportunity and at that time, there were many such opportunities. Businesses that had been owned independently had to sell shares in order to afloat and the other Lords of the Wizengamot had sensed blood in the water.

Where before private ownership of businesses was just over sixty percent, now it was under thirty percent with many not having a controlling shares in their own former family businesses.

The deflation of prices for goods and products – other than those in the potion industry – however had not solved and that meant loss of jobs as Lords cut down staff in their new businesses unaware they were set to exacerbate the issue.

With the losses of entire swathes of industries, including the newly made industries that Lord Sayre had created that none had been too successful of reproducing, at least immediately, that meant that there were fewer jobs available causing greater competition for the jobs that remained which meant less wages could be paid whilst prices of goods – however deflated they were – were not in line with the new cost of living.

To make matters worse, the taxation of these businesses that had changed hands were in a different tax category as they were now owned by Wizengamot members who paid sickles to the galleons to what private non noble businesses had previously paid which had been the main reason for the Ministry intervention once they realised how much of a problem they had on their hands.

The Ministry borrowed substantial amount of galleons from some of the wealthier Lords and the Goblins, and had tried to stimulate the economy which seemed to work at first but the way the 'stimulation' had been carried out had been too reckless and without direction.

However, to give them some credit, they did manage to turn it around better than what they had initially expected even if most businesses retained only retained some forty percent of their original value.

She turned her gaze to them all "This, in combination with our strong financial position, will soon grant us the opportunity we've been waiting for." She said in a measured tone as she leaned back in her chair, her obsidian eyes dimly aglow.

"Yes" Lord Carrow said with a careful chuckle as he spied at Lady Slytherin "Especially when the unrest begins to spill into the streets."

"Is that threshold even close to breaching?" Heir Ollerton asked concerned with a frown. It was his grandfather who was present Chief Warlock, a useful member to have within Ouroboros.

"Not yet but in the coming months?" Lord Nott interjected, his cool voice easily reaching across "Certainly. Already I've overheard conversation in Diagon Alley that were more than…simple complaints."

Diagon Alley was one of the harder hit streets. Horizon Alley fared a little better given that their customers tended to be the wealthy but Diagon Alley relied on a range of customer classes.

It was the same with Godric's Hollow which had also retracted in size over the years.

"And how…aggressive shall we be? When it…boils over?" Lord Prince asked contemplatively before he continued, eying her carefully.

Her eyes, cold and as black as they were, gained a shadowed gloss as the curve of her lips mellowed "Aggressive"

She let the precipitous meaning of that word sink in their minds for a short moment before she continued, her eyes tracing across the room that waited with bated, stiff breaths.

"At present, we are an unseen force – politically speaking – to the public." She began, as the words spoken slithered from her lips "An unseen force that has a presence in their subconscious, associated with quiet competence, good moral bearings" she said, very voice bearing a hint of dry near acidic amusement "and respectful leadership in a time of uncertainty and instability."

"Exactly in the way that we wanted." She said, before leaning forward "With how it is now, it is time to present ourselves to the public over the coming weeks as a true alternative, those who will bring back the days of prosperity and stability that these past years have sorely missed." She sat back before she continued, her voice taking on a cool, matter-of-factly tone "And soon enough they'll beg for us to lead them."

Abraxas glanced around and saw more than a few faces that bore pleased expressions.

"Our years of patience are over" she said, her eyes trailing across the table. He did not know the full members of Ouroboros but he knew that there were more than a few within the Ministry itself.

"Lowe's time as Minister is finished just as the Traditionalist grip on the Ministry is. The Ministry's is barely keeping up with their monthly debt repayments despite the high unsustainable income tax whilst in the same breadth taxing businesses owned by Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot knuts to the galleon, something that unfortunately happened to find its way in the public sphere." She said calmly.

"And the Progressives are little better than a loosely aligned coalition than the faction they pretend to be." Lord Prince mused

"Just so." She said with a light nod, her eyes momentarily shining with dark glee before disappeared under a screen of cold neutrality.

There were more than a few who had cast…aspersions on her and on her marriage with Lord Sayre, both during the most turbulent years such in 1947 and in the immediate years since and most of them had belonged to the Light families who knew very little of who she was.

As much as she had been play it off, everyone knew that she was not one to let slights go.

Any further slights had evaporated when she'd permanently severed the spine of a close family friend of Lord Ogden during a duelling promotional event intended to raise the profiles of national duellists…

An incident that had been marked as an accident though the subtle remarks she made, remarks that implied that 'duellists should not fight under the influence of alcohol', making it clear it wasn't.

In truth, he'd been surprised and even impressed how…restrained she was, knowing how…volatile she'd been but over the years, she'd gained a strong measure of…self-control that those of her…power and persuasion had not been known for. It was something that he wasn't sure he was glad for.

After all, there was a sense of security in furious volatility where there wasn't in simmering coldness…

An example of which you could find when he'd found out that it was an event she had someone suggest to the Department of Magical Games and Sports…

…and whom to invite.

"We will set in motions to remove Lowe from Ministership and we place one of our own in his seat" she said before flicking her eyes towards Lord Nott "Your cousin…"

"My cousin continues to assure me that the DMLE will not be a problem." Lord Nott calmly answered.

Hamish Wilkins, first cousin of Lord Nott was the current Director of the DMLE and though he wasn't a member of Ouroboros – as far as Abraxas knew – he was a…beneficiary of a fixed interest investment fund in the muggle world, that fixed his loyalties.

"Good." She said with an approving gleam in her black eyes.

"The other factions won't sit idle when we begin making moves" Lord Greengrass commented quietly though calmly, his neutral expression remaining affixed.

Abraxas looked him with a disinterested gaze.

He had not yet confirmed as to the reasons why or how House Greengrass became a vassal to House Slytherin in late 1943, something that had caused a scandal amongst the nobility, other than the obvious of Lady Slytherin either having the cure to the Greengrass blood malediction curse or the means to it at least, but it had proven to be a significant boon at the beginning of Ouroboros.

"True." Lady Slytherin said, acknowledging it as the truth it was "And I have no doubt that significant number of Lords in both factions would rather see the Ministry burn to the ground than to concede it to us" she said, her eyes glimmering with an obsidian sheen as her lips curled.

"That is why we will not allow them the opportunity or the time to formulate a defence when we begin to move." She declared.

The meeting then continued on to go through plans that would now be started, most of which were related in securing further allegiances from useful pawns to mercenary players.

It was several hours later, when immediate plans had been drawn up and assigned, that Blackthorne spoke up.

"What are we going to do if Lowe continues to target more like Jack Coulson?" Eveningshade asked, his voice steady though Abraxas could tell that it was a conscious effort.

Lady Slytherin's eyes turned to him, eyes that held an almost serpentine like sharpness to them, one that Abraxas could see have a physical effect on the pitiful man.

"Nothing." Lady Slytherin simply answered, her voice calm but her gaze unflinching.

Eveningshade was taken aback, momentarily stunned quiet at the unexpected question before he rallied and answered "What? I…I don't understand."

Lady Slytherin sat back in her chair though she kept eye contact with the man. "I know you're not a simple man, Lord Eveningshade" she began, her gaze sharpening as her expression lost all hints of emotion

"And that you can understand subtleties and sacrifices and what must be done or in this case allowed, at this critical junction when it serves us all a greater purpose, one that ends the distasteful persecutions…" she trailed off as her expression shifted, a near invisible blanket of shadows covered the top half of her face as her eyes turned as black as the frost-cursed maw of a dementor.

"Or…am I…wrong?" she asked in a danger but melodious soft tone, one that radiated menace and peril on an animalistic level.

"N-n-no…my Lady" Lord Eveningshade attempted to say calmly but he faltered. Still…he pressed on "B-but once things get violent, they might end up taking out on squib descendants who we know they won't be kind to. If that happens before it is time to act, they could execute dozens, maybe hundreds." Eveningshade's voice gained some strength at the end even if he was wilting under her gaze.

Blackthorne picked up it after, making it clear it was a concerted effort "And we know that squib descendants are not the only ones that will make up part of the civil unrest. Sure, the ministry wouldn't execute purebloods but them sentenced to the highest levels of Azkaban isn't out of the question." Blackthorne said pointedly before breathing out, his gaze flickering around the table.

"Now it might not be important in the grand scheme of things but it could prove useful later on if we made sure we protected the citizens from the corrupt ministry now." Blackthorne said before finishing "Think of it, 'Former prisoners tell how Ouroboros protected them from the previous corrupt administration'."

"We may not be able to help them now but we can make sure that they survive if only to boost support later on" Eveningshade added.

Abraxas' eyebrows raised to his hairline and he wasn't the only one.

"Appealing to our self-interest and desire for praise, hmm?" Miles Gulbert, one of the largest independent magical livestock owners commented with surprised amusement "At least you seem to have begun to understand." Miles Gulbert noted with a grudging amount of acknowledge.

Lady Slytherin said nothing even as all eyes fell on her on how she would react but at present, she was unchanged in her fixed gaze on Eveningshade who had since nervously bowed his head until several moments passed and she looked away, towards Nott.

"Has your cousin confirmed if he is able to ensure executions are delayed for a number of months, should the situation warrant it?" she asked in a calm voice.

Lord Nott glanced over at Eveningshade who looked surprised at the comment – just as quite a few others – before he turned to Lady Slytherin and nodded slowly "There is precedent of delayed sentences though the exact legalese justifications escape him at present."

"My grandfather has a number of volumes of books related and applied to the DMLE." Ollerton spoke up, drawing attention to himself. "My Lady, I would be honoured to find out for you."

"Good." She said to Ollerton "Do look out for any further useful precedents and obscure allowances."

Ollerton bowed his head in acceptance and she turned to Eveningshade who sat up straighter.

"M-my Lady, I…I didn't know you were already had things set in motion if I ha-" his mouth slammed when the atmosphere grew heavy as a blanket of power began to cover the ballroom.

Abraxas' breath shuddered, his hands clenched as a fraction of her power sunk into the room.

He glanced at Lady Slytherin and saw her expression hadn't changed, it was as if nothing had happened and perhaps that was the truth, that the release of this magic was little more than a twitch of a fibre of muscle for her.

"In truth, I am somewhat pleased at your way of appealing to our self-interests." She said in an idle tone before she continued "Hardly better than a student in Slytherin House but given you had been a Hufflepuff…" she left open before her expression changed and magic began to roll off of her, a thick blanket of pure liquid power that crashed the room in a stifling, hot maelstrom as light was snuffed out of the rest of the room save for the lone, single candle at the centre of the chandelier above the table.

Waves and waves of dark, oppressive magic crashed into them like an endless siege of tsunamis though it didn't leave them suffocating, thankfully…

Her eyes never faltered from Eveningshade. "I understand…that you are keen to ensure that the unfortunate incidents with squib descendants is stopped as soon as possible." She began, her even tone that her voice carried was one of boredom, of disinterest though when she continued, it sent a shiver down his spine

"However…never allow it to impede your judgment or risk our cause…is that understood?" she asked, the finality in her warning clear, a warning that was far from just directed to him.

"Y-yes…my Lady. Thank you" Eveningshade said with difficulty.

"Good." She said as her magic receded, the shadows giving way to the light of the dawn whilst the candles re-lit themselves.

She stood up and impassive expression on her face "Achilles may have only been as strong as his heel but he never had magic." She said as she snapped her fingers, and the appearance of a number of floo stations appeared at the nearby wall.

"I have no concern in cutting the heel off and grow it anew." She finished whilst she walked out of the ballroom, leaving them all with a warning ringing in their minds at the cost of failure…and weakness.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

31st​ of October 1952 – The Pandrosion Institute, Illos

Louise Ricard POV

Her professor walked in front of the board, the tip of her wand was lit as it was pointed towards the board, chalk beginning to spell out words in Latin and Anglicised Latin.

'Fourth Tier Occlumency: Solid Mind Shields' formed on the blackboard as a Holo image flickered on and it resembled a mind.

"Welcome back class to the Mind Arts. This class will run from October the 31st​ to the last week of February in which we will cover the remaining course material for the mandatory core Mind Arts subject." Professor Dumbard said in Latin as her teaching aides stood by each side of the board.

Louise glanced around and saw others whispering to each other. Most looked ecstatic, particularly those who hated the class with a passion, typically those who had little patience or talent for what was needed to excel in the Mind Arts.

The ones who'd been raised on Illos from an early age were the ones who were the most relaxed out of the class, most of them having started at the age of six on the first two tiers of Occlumency and beginning the third tier just before the first year of secondary schooling whilst they were also taught the first two tiers of Legillimency.

When they'd moved here from the Swiss Territories – now the Swiss Ministry – she'd been eleven years of age. Most of her childhood had been spent at SIMS where her parents studied after they'd been rescued from that awful prison.

She'd been shocked at how much she had to catch up especially when it came to things like the Mind Arts, Runes and even Wandless Magic. She'd always been a good student, often in the top three or four of the class and it had been amazing – both positively and negatively – to see how outclassed she was at the beginning.

They had been stupefied when they realised that first year students, ten year olds, were able to move things at whim with just gestures, something that had previously been believed only powerful old magicals could do. Yet here even the most averagely powerful kid could do it just as readily, debunking the idea only the most powerful could do it.

Thankfully she'd caught up – and much to her annoyance so did Max – though she wasn't as proficient as some others were in the Mind Arts, particularly with Legillimency where she could only somewhat sense other people's emotions if they dropped their shields.

She was better though in Wandless Magic than most, much to her brother's chagrin who wasn't as capable in the field.

Power was still very important and not to toot her own horn, she was comfortably more powerful than her twin and it showed in her Wandless capabilities. Most could do the basics though intensity and power were still a factor on how much you could actually do which was different for the Mind Arts where there was greater importance on patience and skill than there was on talent.

Her parents had told her only ancient families taught their heirs – or had someone teach their heirs – in the Mind Arts, a restricted barely legal discipline that Ministries around the world were keen on ensuring wasn't taught to the wider public.

Her parents had been concerned about the class however after thoroughly checking the safeguards in place in both Primary and Secondary schooling, they eased up on it.

In Primary schooling, teachers had to take the same oaths as professors at Pandrosion Institute did and had to be qualified to at least Mastery level at their chosen field.

From what she was told by her classmates who'd been gone to Primary schooling, it was a difficult class but one that they admitted it helped a lot now with classwork.

They scored the highest amongst the student body when it came to examination.

For now, anyway!

Still, her mother hadn't been certain if she wanted them to learn the Mind Arts at school and had wanted them to wait until they were a little older but for once, both her and Max united and had pleaded with their mother. There could be exceptions to mandatory classes provided the parents ensured their children were taught in between school semesters.

And she was glad to have won her over when in her first year class in the Mind Arts Professor Dumbard had demonstrated how important protecting your mind was when they were spelled with compulsion charms to do something embarrassing.

Many of her classmates wanted to at least make sure that they could break free from such invasive and violating magic even if they hated the class. How could you not after having been exposed to such magic, magic that was dangerous and threatening to you – and those surrounding you.

As they aged up, the minimum requirements to pass Mind Arts Division C – Division C being the equivalents of OWLS – classes were to break free from Cerebriperium, a controlling spell that was the nearest spell to the Unforgivables though where it differed was that it controlled speech instead of controlling someone's mind.

It forced others to speak in accordance to the castor's will and it was said to be just as hard to break free from as the infamous Imperius curse.

Cerebriperium was a restricted curse and a heavy penalty was assigned to it should you be caught using it and could go even further than a penalty if it caused harm.

Thankfully, it can be overwhelmed though through having a strong will but it was made much easier by having proficiency in the Mind Arts, proficiency that would be tested at the end of the year.

Even if you couldn't after years of training and were…not strongly willed, there were wards all over Illos that detected foul play like that, a wizarding version of Thief's Downfall.

They learnt a little about Thief's Downfall when they learnt about the Goblin race in their Magical Beings class and the similarities between it and the Guardian Array.

She'd asked her parents about who told her that upon becoming citizens, adults are granted a brief overview of what protected Illos and her father told her that if even half of what it can do is true then it's likely greater than what the Goblins had and possibly the safest place in the world.

The Mind Arts was taught a little differently than in most classes given the nature of the subject. It was a three-hour class thrice a week, one of the few classes that occupied a Sunday slot though it was for about half an academic year long class.

There were six teaching aides, by far the largest in any class, who were an active part of the class. They were all Master Legilimens – she even recognised two who she'd seen at SIMS – and were just as oath-bound to cause no harm or to violate privacy without cause as the other professors at the Pandrosion Institute.

"So far, you all should have achieved Practitioner grade in First to Third Tier Occlumency along with First and Second Tier Legillimency." Professor Dumbard said to the class as she waved her wand. The board cleaned up and began writing again.

"If you have not kept up in your studies of the Mind Arts during your Summer breaks, I recommend you rectify that immediately." The professor warned lightly.

After a few seconds the professor nodded to herself and continued her class.

"So far, you should be able to pick on obvious and direct Legillimency mind probes through your intuitive understanding of your own mind and the ability to discern foreign presences that are alien to your mind." the professor said as she wrote on the board.

"The first two tiers of Occlumency are focused towards gaining that intuitive understanding of your mind. Clarity of mind and organisation of the mind have their benefits with being able to retain and recall more information but importantly what it does is familiarise you with your own mind something that is important for later progression in the Mind Arts.

At Practitioner Grade Third Tier Occlumency, you are able to detect intrusions into your mind from directed Legillimency probes in most circumstances though this may not be enough to detect an intrusion from a Master Legilimens." Professor Dumbard paused for a moment as her eyes flittered towards the class, all of whom were paying vivid attention as she continued.

"A talented Legilimens can bypass your detection techniques through careful, passive use of probing." The three dimensional Holo of the mind began to grow in size and zoomed into the centre of the mind.

A library began to form in the middle of the brain as Professor Dumbard continued "Organising your mind simultaneously has a beneficial and negative impact – you now have a structured mind that can easily be navigated, allowing your attacker an easier way to obtain what he seeks." The class murmured uneasily at that.

Professor Dumbard smiled at the class "Which is why we are ensuring you are at least Novice Grade in Fourth Tier Occlumency." Professor Dumbard explained.

She continued "the Fourth Tier of Occlumency is the practice of creating solid mind shields, shields that can block even the most delicate of mind probes"

The Holo changed and showed two non-gendered figures with one of them having visible lines emanating from their head and the other having none.

"Now, who can answer me how mind probes and attacks are initiated?" the professor asked of the class.

Several hands stuck up and the professor chose Jenifer "Ms Hale" she called out.

Jennifer put down her hand and answered "Legillimency attacks are initiated through eye contact. Generally speaking, it is harder to disengage from a Legillimency attack once it has been initiated unless you're able to look away just as you sense it at the edges of your mind."

The Professor smiled "A good answer." She said in a praising tone before she continued "But not the whole answer. Eye sight is necessary for any prolonged Legillimency attack and to breach into memory repositories however it is not the only way someone can pick things up from your mind." she said warningly.

Her eyes widened. She hadn't known that. None of the text books had said so.

"If you're wondering why your text books don't mention such a possibility, it is because it is a topic that is reserved for Division B classes" Professor Dumbard smiled "Outside of the Division B books, there are few books that express this fact as historically no one wished to particularly advertise this skill for obvious reasons."

"Are you capable of it Professor?" one of her classmates asked what most of the class likely had on their minds aloud.

Professor Dumbard nodded carefully "I am capable of it – and to pre-emptively answer your follow up question; no I am not using it now and I rarely use it." Causing the room's noise to pick a little.

"Raise your hand next time." She chided slightly before she continued

"This particular skill is somewhat different from what you have learned so far from frontal Legillimency probes and is most similar to the second tier of Legillimency; the skill of sensing of emotions.

Instead of directing a legilimens probe into another's mind, you instead passively surround yourself with an expanded legilimens field and all those within that field range can now be 'read' so to speak." She said as she glanced around the room before smiling.

Louise narrowed her eyes. She recognised that kind of smile.

"Do not fret, I am sure many of you are quite nervous however be assured that while those rare few who possess this ability may be able to pick things up from your minds – they are only able to pick up thoughts even if they are narrowing down on an individual." She said before she waved her wand and the Holo image changed again, this time resembling a representation of a mind probe emanating from the head of the faceless figure.

Holos like this were used as teaching aids though each professor used them differently. In DADA and Combat Magic, it was used to show footwork of duels and how people worked and fought together in groups whilst in Ancient Magical History and Mythology it was used to show fabricated historical sites based on archaeological evidence, many of which had been found by the famous Sara Clito-Beauclerc.

"You may think of it similar to the illustrations and images of mind probes" she said as she gestured to the Holo. The mind probe, which was like an arrow floating in front of the faceless figure's forehead, began to grew in length and then size and it began to balloon up with the figure at the centre until the radius of the bubble was several metres wide.

"This form of Legillimency is called Legilipathy and it is a form of Wandless Magic that you will cover in your Division B Magical Theory class should you choose take that optional module.

To summarise, it is an intense and weary ability that takes significant amount of skill to narrow down to quiet the 'noise' so speak. Thoughts are not organised and, in the presence of more than a few, can be somewhat debilitating." She said

"And" she began, her gentle smile widening as an encouraging expression came across her face "It is something that can be entirely defended against. How, you may ask? Through learning to construct even just a basic mind shield that will protect your thoughts from being picked up by others, whether that is through Legillimency probes or through Legillimency scans."

Encouraged whispers travelled through the room.

'And just like that, Professor Lombard had hooked even the most reluctant student in at least making sure they make a decent mind shield' she thought to herself.

Several hours later, they left the classroom exhausted and more than a few looked like they could sleep right then and there with the way they looked. Probably would have if it weren't for the fact that it was dinner time.

"I'm glad that it was the last class for the next few days…I don't think I can think any more for the next week" Jennifer said half joking, half serious as they walked to the dining hall.

"My head is pounding" Olga Kapernetsky said miserably.

"We haven't even started testing mind shield yet!" She said with a tired amusement. To be honest, she was surprised she didn't have a headache as well.

The amount of information they had crammed in today had tested even the best amongst them.

It wasn't all that surprising given that Professor Lillibet Dumbard had always been a demanding taskmaster, no matter how gentle she was about it.

Today they had gone through the theory and instruction of creating mind shields, examples on mind shields and what to not to do especially without any professional aid.

She shuddered at the memory of what could happen to you if you messed up.

It was nightmarish…

In any case!

It was a truly packed first class.

She only hoped it would ease up but she didn't have much hope, not after being told that they'll be tested not only on the knowledge they retained but also to see if they managed to succeed in constructing a basic mind shield in their next class which will be

Professor Lillibet Dumbard was a nice person but she was most definitely one of the most demanding professors at the school.

"Ahh, let's forget about the class!" Olga enthused as she looped her arms around both her and Jennifer's arms "There's far more important thing to discuss!" she said excitedly.

"Like what we're wearing for the Samhain Ceremony!" Olga chattered as her eyes sparkled, momentarily lost in her thoughts. Louise had no doubt that were all kinds of dresses flashing in her mind. Olga snapped back to reality, a wide beaming smile adorned on her face

"I'm thinking of wearing the Chattaya dark green dress, you know that strapless dress that almost glimmers like tiny green stars?"

Jennifer laughed "You want to wear that dress to Samhain?" Jennifer questioned a little incredulously. "You know it's not a party, right?" Jennifer said a little concerned.

Olga shrugged as she glanced at both her and Jennifer, her eyes glinting as her expression turned coy.

'Mother Magic…I hate it when she gets that look' Louise thought to herself warily.

"It might not be Beltane" Olga said with a teasing smile before she continued "But it is certainly an occasion to dress up" she said as her eyes glinted "Did you know that Kwame and his friends are having a little get together before the festival begins?" she said in a sing-song voice, pointedly looking at Louise with all too knowing eyes.

Louise felt her neck heat up a little as she looked away from her friend. She had a bit of a crush on Kwame Khoza for the last few years, something Olga knew all too well.

Kwame's bright smile flashed across her mind, his cute laugh, his delicious…

She furiously banished away those thoughts as she attempted to focus on other things as she stared straight ahead as they walked through the beautiful halls of their school.

Large stained windows allowed light to filter through and the stones almost seemed aglow with the way the light the stones.

"I don't think there isn't anyone in our year who doesn't know" Jennifer said with a roll of her eyes as they turned a corner and descended down the spiral stairs that led towards the dining hall.

"Then you'll also be pleased to know that I got us an invitation!" Olga said with a flourish.

Louise snapped her gaze towards her friend, her eyes wide in surprise "Really?!" she exploded, unable to keep the excited surprise out of her voice as she jerked on her friend's arm that was locked with her own.

Olga's laugh was musical as she turned to Louise "Yup!" she said with pop of her mouth in English.

"How did you pull that off?" Jennifer exclaimed.

"By being brilliant" Olga said self-praisingly.

Jennifer snorted before she gave Olga the look.

Olga rolled her eyes "I'm neighbours with Jacob Gaillard." She shrugged "I asked when he was going to the festival and just like that…" she trailed off as she winked at them.

She couldn't help but smile at her friend as she shook her head "So what time shall we get to yours?" Louise asked with an excited smile.

Her parents would be fine with it, she just had to say she was going to meet with them there at the ceremony with her girl friends

They didn't really need to know they'd be going somewhere else for a few hours first…

Olga's eyes sparkled with delight as she tightened her hold on both Louise and Jennifer "Well…"

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

31st​ of October 1952 – Illos

Perenelle POV

Critters and sounds of birds coursed in the misty, cloudy air like a distant somnolent lullaby, a lullaby that seemed to be in tune with the mist that swept through the branches of trees.

It almost made her forget that this was far from the distant reaches of human civilisation and was entirely mage-made.

"In this part of the habitat dome, the rain forest density has been tailored to be the same as that of the Borneo Rainforest." Henrik Kolffsson said as they traipsed through the dense, humid rain forest.

Light filtered through the dense foliage of the trees almost like sands sifting through a screen. She stepped over a root as she followed her guide deeper into the rain forest.

"Fascinating." She said, genuinely impressed by the habitat. It was one of the newer additions since she'd last been here. She'd asked to be taken in deeper into the rain forest to see one of the more shy animals were more comfortable in the denser part of the rain forest.

There were about twelve of these kilometre habitat domes, each of them expanded twenty-nine times, creating an area of almost nine hundred square kilometres, in other words areas nearly the sizes of Rome that reached a height of several kilometres at its highest point.

Some of the rune-work she'd seen on the surfaces of the beam structures that powered the enchantment were leagues ahead of the kinds of portable habitats that dear old Newton had become famous for carrying.

Expanded space like this habitat dome required acute understanding of topological space and dimensional space and most of the runic arrays delved into defining the space within the object – in the case the habitat dome – and it was a work of art with how efficient space was expanded with minimal draw from ambient magic.

She recognised some of the runic work from some of her graduates, particularly the runic array that uniquely treated curves as objects itself, allowing space to be compounded several times at significantly lower magical cost.

Most of the habitat domes were not completely occupied, only seven were really in full use from what she was told and only one was completely filled out with magical and mundane creatures which was largely temperate forests found the northern hemisphere with half of it reserved for Mediterranean ecosystems.

The habitat dome she was in was reserved for habitats belonging to the Asian and Oceanian parts of the world, areas that were rapidly seeing large scale devastation to ecosystems as they begun to adapt Western models.

Ecosystems that already had lost many of its wondrous animals during the chaotic years of the Statute Implementation.

When she and Nicolas had travelled to China during the Ming Dynasty in the early 1500s, during the age of exploration, she had marvelled at diversity of magical creatures, animals that were as exotic as they were strange.

Unfortunately, at that time they'd already been on the decline, the ancient reverence the Chinese culture – and across the many islands of Asia – had for mysticism and strange animals was dying out and with it came the culling of many of the larger magical creatures, including several species of Dragons with the aid of wizards beholden to the Emperor and it was a process that was only accelerated though this time by the ICW and the CCM, when the Statute was enforced during late 17th​ century and the early parts of the 18th​.

Nowadays, whilst there were reservations of magical creatures in Asia, just as there was in Europe, many were a pale imitation of some of the most majestic beings she'd ever had the pleasure of seeing.

Only the most cunning, most dangerous or the most subtle of magical creatures still existed in the wild, often exhibited one or two of the traits.

It was partly why she was ecstatic to hear the diligent conservation efforts had expanded since she last visited, aiming to provide a safe haven for all magical creatures out in the wild that were not protected by the wider magical community from poachers and muggle encroachment.

Though what surprised, truly, was the complexity of the ecosystem.

"How was the ecosystem done? I can't imagine it could have been easy to replicate such a complex ecosystem. Nicolas and I have visited Uagoudou on a number of times so we've had a chance to see the jungles. This reminds me very much of those jungles" she said.

Henrik swept across the large leaves directly in his path before glancing over his shoulder, a smile on his face.

"Well, not easily, I can tell you that much" he said with a laugh before paying attention to where he was heading though he continued to speak, the faint trickling of water growing ever nearer as they walked.

"I had no real involvement in the charms or rune-work when it comes to building the place but I did work in the Conservation Team." He said as he whipped out his wand as he came to a stop. "What I do know is that it involved several years of observation of how the ecosystem changed throughout the seasons, from the way the air changed, temperature, humidity and so, to the migratory patterns of the animals" he added before he turned to gaze ahead.

The trickles of water became louder and she caught to him and gazed to where he was looking.

They were on a ledge, a ledge that sloped downwards towards a thin river that coursed through the jungle. "Careful, the ledge isn't too stable" Henrik informed her before he waved his wand and some of the branches on the other side were turned into ropes that made their way towards them.

"I hope you don't expect an old lady to swing across like a Hunchbacked Mon-Gibbon." She said in a trailing tone as she raised an arched eyebrow.

The young man laughed, awkwardly as he turned to her "No, Lady Flamel, just simply forming a natural bridge" he said as he turned back twisted the now hundreds of tree branches into something that resembles a bridge as the roots twisted in spirals, into an elaborate weave that provided a solid surface for them to tread upon.

"We generally try to limit as much interference as we can outside of the zones we work from." He told her as the bridge completed and began walking over the bridge.

She eyed the bridge for a moment before sensing it with her magic and after deeming it to be stable, she followed her guide. "I see that it's not meant to be permanent." She commented as she walked over the bridge.

"Figures you would sense that Lady Flamel." Henrik said with a throaty chuckle.

"Call me Perenelle please, I've already given you leave. You're not too old for me to wring your ear, young man." She said amused.

"Perenelle" Henrik conceded with a smile as he waited on the other side of the bridge. "As I said, we want to limit as much human interference in their habitat. One of the things we noticed during our expeditions into the deepest parts of the world's untamed regions is that there is a delicate balance, a balance that is easily upset by us." He said with a frown as he once again directed them towards their goal.

He glanced at her "To further answer your question, it is in this study of the balance that the eggheads got to understand the complexity of the ecosystem and it is one that we're continuously hoping to improve upon to reflect as true as reality as possible." Henrik smiled at her and she reciprocated. "If you wish, I can introduce you to the project lead if you wish?" he offered. "They'll know far more about how it was accomplished."

It was kind but she really wished to, she could speak to Mr Lucien herself. "Thank you for the offer" she said with a kind smile.

"It's quite alright, it is the least I could do. Never been much good at that kind of thing." He said to her as he swept dense plants out of the way and she eyed him curiously.

"Really?" she said questioningly "I'd have thought you'd contributed quite a bit given that you seem to be in tune with nature." She said with a knowing tone.

He turned to her, surprise on his face. "You can sense that?"

She only gave a kind smile and he shook his head, chuckling lowly as he did. "You certainly live up to expectations…Perenelle" he said with a smile in his voice.

"It does help that I somewhat know of your family's talents" she conceded a little and he laughed at that.

"My father would be pleased to hear that even the Flamels know of our family" he said before he turned to her as they continued to trail through the jungle.

"I did help…somewhat." He said carefully "If you know a little about my family then you know that we have been blessed by Mother Magic to be have a deep connection to the Earth…to nature" he said carefully.

She nodded as she stepped over a fallen tree branch. He continued "The talented in my family are able to sense and feel nature all around…from what dwells in it, what grows and how healthy the land is. It is an ability that has helped my ancestors thrive in near inhospitable conditions in the far reaches of Finland." He paused momentarily.

"I was able to help with how the magic felt in the Borneo rain forest. What people don't realise is that the magic that is deeply entwined in nature…in life…sometimes takes a quality of its own…almost gaining a sense of self by the abundance of life and magic that reside in its domain." He said with a thoughtful frown.

"Like Valbonë forest and the Forest of Hogwarts?" she asked curiously. It was unheard of, this notion of 'sense of self'. After all, artefacts and even buildings like Hogwarts had some sort of inklings of a 'self'. Not sentience, not intelligence but something nearing it.

He nodded with a smile "Just like so. Granted the Borneo rain forest is substantially less magical but that is mostly because there are very few leylines strangely enough that run underneath it. I think there are only a few minor leylines but they don't intersect." He explained.

"And what do you feel now?" she asked, her eyes looking around her in this dense, humid jungle. "Does this feel like nature?" she asked, genuinely curious.

He chuckled as he swept aside a dense shrubbery of plants revealing a small inward waterfall that had some of the clearest waters she'd seen. "Yes. It's a bit…different since it's…" he frowned deeply for a moment as he seemed to struggle to find the right words "isolated…yes that's the right word."

"Isolated from the earth?" she guessed and he inclined his head in agreement.

"Just so but it makes up for it by being very, very magical" he said with a laugh as they walked towards the waterfall and Henrik's hand went into his bag, bringing out a container of magical fruits.

"We rescued a few of the horned Marmosets that had been kept as pets by a muggle family, some of whom were a little too domesticated but managed to acclimatise back into the wild here." He informed her as he placed some of the spiced apples on a rock by the softly trickling waterfall.

"When we rescued them, we ended up sharing a bit of our food with them and found that they really loved spiced apples" he said with a laugh before he strode out a little.

Henrik whistled and it echoed slightly. He kept it up for half a minute before he stopped. "This is the Chipped Group, the one group that are least shy around humans" he added for her benefit.

Some of the tree tops began to rustle, in all directions, and she carefully kept herself on guard.

A head peaked out, big bulbous eyes flittered around as the animal bobbed its head before raising its head, sniffing the air. It chittered and other chittering responded.

Henrik whistled again and the chittering increased as one by one they exited the dense trees and swung to the ground, landing on their feet.

Henrik backed away towards her.

She looked at the animals and took in their sight. Their horns were thick and were loopy, resembling ram horns whilst the colours of their fur were a shade of reds, oranges with black or brown highlights. Their faces were bereft of the fear and it was childlike, almost innocent with the way their large eyes fitted in their small faces.

This was the first time she'd seen one of these magical animals before.

They chattered before they sniffed again and she almost laughed with the way one of them widened their eyes as they raced towards the apples and took one. It set off almost an avalanche as they all took off towards the apples.

"Fascinating…they don't take more than one apple." She said curiously.

"They're a very social species. I've observed that they go out of their way to ensure members of their group are healthy even if it means at the cost of the individual itself." Henrik said before he paused for a moment "Which makes sense considering the dangers present in the Borneo rain forests. A lone horned Marmoset is unlikely to survive the magical predators that are present there." He said informingly.

One of the horned Marmosets finished their apple and intently gazed towards them before walking on all four feet towards them.

Henrik crouched down, silently and met the gaze of the animal. The horned marmoset sniffed once more and then rushed towards him and barrelled into him, causing Henrik to laugh as he played with the animal.

"An old friend?" Perenelle said with a smile in her voice.

Henrik laughed "Yes. Me and this little critter bonded when we rescued him. His name is Cookie."

"I bet there is an interesting story behind that name" Perenelle said with a soft laugh.

"Oh definitely. Involves a lot of thievery and mischief" he said with a laugh before righting himself. He petted the animal "How are things, little troublemaker?" Henrik asked the animal who chattered excitably at Henrik.

"Would you like to pet him?" he asked her and she took up the offer.

"His fur is soft." She commented idly as she sunk in her fingers delicately into Cookie's fur.

"Hmm. It's one of their magical abilities. They've got the ability to manipulate their furs to take on different properties. It can be as hard as wood, protecting them from falls…or predators…or it could be as soft and light as finest silk allowing them to shed that extra bit of weight for speed and agility." He explained to her.

It would be another half hour before they decided to head back. During their journey back, she saw a few more magical creatures, including a winged hawk-squirrel and a mossed fox.

During that time, Henrik continued to speak to her about the kinds of creatures that resided in this jungle, from insects to the largest of mammals, magical or otherwise.

There were a small number of predators, such as mundane leopards and bears, though they posed only slight risks to the magical population of the forest.

There were no Helion Leopards at present, magical leopards that had chameleon properties and the few pairs of leopards in Illos were kept at a different facility in stasis, though eventually they'd be introduced as a way to ensure populations were controlled. At present, research was being done on how to achieve that without endangering stable populations once the predators were introduced.

As large as the habitat domes were, they were still substantially smaller than the forests and jungles in the wild so unless they could be expanded, it would be up to them to manage, carefully, the populations of both predatory and non-predatory species.

It was easily noticeable how much Henrik enjoyed his role as a sort of a zoologist conservationist hybrid and she wondered how he got to this in the first place.

At the beginning, most of the population of Illos had been from the British Isles but as time went by, more and more peoples from different magical societies and cultures had come to make the place home and she loved hearing their stories.

It was one of the things she loved about Illos, the melding of ancient cultures that learnt from each other, that taught each other and, as time went by, she could see Atticus' dream of a united culture forming.

Already more people were speaking Anglicised Latin – there were phrases that did not exist in Latin – to each other than not and it was fascinating to see happen.

In a strange way, she felt privileged to see this happen. She'd led a long life yet she felt herself giddy like a school girl at the future that was to come here at Illos.

She'd found herself speaking randomly to people more than a few occasions, listening to their stories and where life had led them. It reminded her of the early centuries when they travelled all over.

Perenelle, despite their growing isolation from most of magical society, had always been a people person.

Not groups, people as a group always disappointed her more often than not, but individually…a peasant or a king, a noble or a merchant, whatever they were, magical or mundane, individuals always had a story of their own…stories that reminded her that despite all their differences, people often wished for the same thing.

Happiness.

"What's your story?" she asked after a moment as they neared back to the main camp that led to the exits that connected the habitat dome to the monitoring station.

"My story?" he asked a little startled as he turned to her completely.

She smiled at him, her kind eyes watching him intently "You're very far from home." She commented gently.

"Ah…" he said a little uneasily, discomfort clear to see on his face.

He remained silent for a moment before he let off a deep sigh.

"Well…" he began a little uncomfortably "I'm not exactly the most…innocent" he said slowly, intently avoiding her gaze and a small moment of silence passed.

"Most rarely are." She said kindly "What does matter that you learnt from it and strive to do better." She said with a small smile "Seems like you're on your way here." She added helpfully.

He visibly relaxed and smiled at her "I think so too." He said in a sigh before he gazed forward. "I was a follower of Grindelwald." He said abruptly.

"For how long?" she asked kindly. It wasn't surprising to hear such a thing. Europe had been engulfed with war and many had been taken up by Grindelwald.

Many had espoused regret after Grindelwald's crimes and plans had come to be known as public knowledge though how many genuinely meant it, was hard to say.

Grindelwald, until his descent into the truly terrible of magicks did have valid points that many would have seen as a righteous cause just as many others would have seen it as a way to advance themselves and their family at the cost of many, many others.

From what she could tell, with how caring he could be along with how he was of the age that would have marked him as impressionable, it wasn't hard to see him easily falling under the sway of a devastatingly charming man.

"Six years." He confessed. "I hated muggles more than anything…I still do, somewhat. My grandmother used to tell me of the warm lands that sung and were healthy, far from the poisoning that now seeps ever deeper in Her." He said bitterly before he sighed deeply.

She watched him with a contemplative look. It was not out of the realms to believe he could sense the consequences of industrialisation, not if he could feel nature to the extent he could.

"I wanted it to stop, fearing the same poisoning happening to the lands my family had called home for centuries after feeling what it would do to the lands when I visited Germania." He said with a bitter smile.

"I was misguided and it took Grindelwald's confession for me to admit it to myself. I had not realised how much I had changed, how much I allowed to be taken from me." He said with a note of heaviness in his voice, guilt stretched across his face.

"Grindelwald was a charmer." She finally said after a moment. "He preyed on people's weaknesses and twisted what would have been good concerns and intentions into evil." She smiled at him kindly "You're not the first to fall for such manipulations"

'Nor would he be the last' she thought grimly if what Nicky told her about Atticus' words about the growing threat of another Dark Lord in Europe was true.

The seduction of power was real, especially for their kind where the most powerful are often natural leaders.

People were drawn to the most powerful, those whose magical prowess, whether it was subconscious or not, granted them a strange sense of authority over others, something that repeated itself over and over again.

"Thanks." He said with a faltering laugh as he shook his head, falling into a thoughtful silence.

"I was there, you know." He said abruptly.

She looked at him with a curious expression and he expanded.

"The day Lord Sayre defeated Grindelwald." He said as he looked up at the domed sky. "I was captured but I got to see something that forever is enshrined into my mind. Many comment on the feats of magic that stretched belief to its maximum but most did not feel what I felt that day…what I felt emanating from Grindelwald" he said with a complicated expression.

She remained silent, letting him gather his thoughts and he continued.

"It was an abomination of magic and I felt the death of nature with each of his horrifying attacks." He said almost in a haunted voice.

He shook his head clear, seemingly wishing to banish away those harrowing memories away.

She let him do so.

"After that, I complied with the ICW as best I could and after a reduced sentence" he then chuckled softly "Thanks to Jacoby Dachemov – a man who tried to kill me a few times in the war – I did some soul searching."

She inspected his face as silence reigned for several moments "Is that how you came to be here?" she asked.

He shook his head "No actually, this was just a happy accident. I ended up in Uagambe, the magical enclave nearby Uagoudou."

"Ah" she said understandingly. The enclave was famed for its mystics and shamans, mages that used magic in a far more abstract way than the Western or Eastern schools of magic.

He smiled at her as he nodded "Yes. There I learnt to hone my inherited abilities more and not only that, they…helped…me with dealing with the things I've done." He said with a far away expression as they walked.

They finally arrived at the exits that led to the monitoring station.

She was glad for it, she felt herself tiring quite a bit.

For the past few centuries, their energy levels had substantially waned and was far from what it had been in their peak.

The Stone could not replace their waning life force, only replenish it, and as such they were often much older in body even if they looked younger.

Their magic had grown stronger, much stronger than when they had been in their prime however the only reason they were as able as they were was because their magic supplemented their body.

All of that resulted in their lower energy levels.

After unlocking the doors by the enchantments recognising their magical signatures, they arrived at the large spacious area that had a few people working and at one of the Holo consoles, used to watch recordings and live 'Vids' of the animals and plant life, was her husband and Atticus.

"And it was there where I met Lord and Lady Sayre in late 1945 – the former properly this time." Henrik said, bringing her out of her thoughts, turning to him.

He met her gaze and smiled before disbelievingly shaking his head. "A few years after that, I found myself here." He finished though it was clear there was more to it with the way he looked at Atticus with a look of deep respect.

There were many stories like that, the people she'd spoken to always had something that had Atticus at the centre of their changed fortunes.

Atticus had the uncanny ability to gain loyalty even from former enemies and it often came from understanding and more importantly from a sense that he cared.

"Ah, wife!" Nicolas said exuberantly as he spotted her.

"Nicky, had fun playing peeping Tom?" she teased. Before she elected to go into the rain forest, Nicky had the morbid fascination with one of the gibbons that was using…a stick to scratch a certain itchy spot.

Nicolas looked a little abashed but it was put on "Ah, well" he tried as he spied a look at an unimpressed Atticus who raised an eyebrow at him.

"Not long after you left, Atticus got control over the 'drones' and changed what we were watching." He admitted. "Not quite as entertaining…" he trailed off with a shrug.

"Such a child" she said with an amused look on her face.

"Ah, wife, it is my youthful exuberantly disposition that swoons you on a daily basis" Nicolas said with wriggling eyebrows.

Henrik laughed aloud at Nicolas' antics as she closed the gap to her husband.

"I think you mistake tolerance and exhausted acceptance for swooning, dear husband" she said in a flat tone as she tapped his cheek lightly.

Nicolas recoiled, eyes wide as he took on an expression of offense "Oh, see how my own wife wounds me!" he said dramatically, causing more than a few eavesdropping workers to giggle or laugh in amusement.

"You love it really, Nick." Atticus interjected mirthfully.

Nicolas stopped in his dramatics and chuckled "That is true. Sometimes even when she does it physically" he said with a wink. "There was this one ti-"

"OK!" Atticus said quickly "As much as I love your stories and anecdotes, I think that kind of story is probably not something any of us would like to hear, at least not sober."

Perenelle giggled "Ah Atticus, always such a prude." she said teasingly.

"And proud of it, Perry" Atticus said with a laugh in his voice "If we're done here, shall we head off?" he asked and soon enough, they left.

It was hours later, after eating lunch that she was left with Atticus, Nicolas electing to speak with William Bell, a former graduate of SIMS and one of the foremost experts in magical creatures, flesh crafting and biology.

As they sat on a bench in one of the parks in the city, she couldn't help but say "You've built something wonderful here." She said as she turned to him.

He chuckled softly as he smiled warmly at her "You say that each time you visit."

"and each time I visit, I find out something new" she responded easily enough. She turned towards the pond where a few ducks were paddling in.

"Henrik left a good impression then." He mused aloud.

"He did." She confirmed "Full of guilt of course but he is healing." She added after a moment.

Atticus hummed "I sense that too." He agreed.

"It might not last, you know." She said after several minutes of silence.

"Why do you said that?" he asked calmly.

"Because at the moment, it's almost like the honeymoon period…people are in love with Illos, people feel a sense of togetherness, something that accompanies the feeling of newness, of wonder…" she trailed off.

"And you think that sheen will lose its shine?" he continued for her and she hummed in agreement.

He remained silent for a moment. "Perhaps." He finally said after a while.

"Or perhaps it will just build on it." he said as he met her gaze.

She smiled at him "Is that why you intend with the elections?"

"To give the people a stake in their future is important…gives a sense of responsibility for the greater whole…yes." He told her.

"They might change things in ways you may not like" she said curiously, watching his reactions carefully.

He softly chuckled "I expect it." His vibrant purple green eyes shone with knowledge. "I'll be asked to sell land to my citizens not long after the Chief Representative is chosen."

"Ah. In hindsight, that makes sense." She said in a humming tone. She was used to statements like this.

"Quite." He nodded before he stared at the pond "And they'll get their wish. Of course with caveats attached."

"Caveats aimed to further build on this togetherness?" she asked knowingly.

He smiled though he didn't look at her and chose not to answer her question, at least not directly.

"There'll be teething problems but any society has them and as I said, I expect it. It won't be easy to meld ancient cultures together, differing wizarding customs and values, practices and beliefs…" he trailed off before he gazed away from her.

"It is why we're doing it so slowly…give all these people the time they need to live together, get to know each other and in time…" he petered out.

"Like this slightly different Samhain ceremony? Fusing different elements to make something unique to Illos?" she questioned.

He turned to her with a smile "Just so." He laughed "It does make it easy that it is nearly universal that wizarding cultures worship and celebrate ancestors along with having a healthy respect to nature and the cycles it goes through, one that mirrors life and death."

She returned his smile. That was true. She found that to be one of the most consistent points in any wizarding society. It made sense after all…especially ancestor worship.

How could it not exist when family magic was as potent as it was? When family and blood was so entwined with magic?

As she mused on it, silence filled the air for a little while until a curious thought struck her "I'm curious to see the dynamics between yourself and the Chief Representative."

"Oh?" he asked curiously as he turned to her.

She hummed as she leaned back against the bench, crossing her legs in the process.

"Yes. After all, it will be the first time since you'll have someone who can challenge you, politically speaking at least." She said with inspecting eyes.

"In what capacity? The Chief Representative is the Head of the Representative Council which only acts as the legislative branch whose primarily function is making laws within the confines of the Constitution. He serves by mine and Emily's permission. He is not a Head of State or a Commander of the Illosian Guards" he said curiously.

"True." She acceded "But that doesn't mean that he – thank you for confirming it'll be a man" she said cheekily which he only smiled at before she continued in a serious note "won't challenge on a number of topics and issues."

Atticus hummed for a moment, seemingly thinking it over "Maybe." He conceded. "But as long as it is for the benefit for Illos, I'm more than willing to listen." He looked at her with a mirthful glint in his eyes "After all, I do listen to your loopy husband more than I should"

She raised an eyebrow "Really? My husband is loopy?" she said in a huff. "I think I win when it comes to whose spouse is less absurd, my boy." She said in a flat tone as they stared at each other.

After a few moments, they broke into chuckles.

"Speaking of spouses, will Emily come to the ceremony?" she asked curiously as she calmed down.

He shook his head "Not this year." He paused for a second "She's…occupied."

Perenelle sighed but she let it go.

They spent the next hour or so just talking, enjoying each other's company as they delved in all kinds of matters, including her descendants who were thriving in Illos and soon enough it was time to go to the Samhain ceremony.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

31st​ of October 1952 - Illos

Fortie POV

"Ooh, Fortie, Fortie, watch out!" Emilia, one of his sisters cried out, barely able to sit still on the edge of the sofa as she watched him with desperate eyes.

She wasn't the only one…Gaius, Livia and Magnus were in the room with them as well as they watched him with bated breath, all rooting for him to succeed where everyone else had failed.

'I'm so close!' he thought anxiously to himself.

"Jump! Jump on the shoulder and hide behind head of the statue, he can't climb!" Magnus shouted as he got to his feet, waving towards where he should go.

"I know!" he growled out as he bit on the bottom of his lip as he jerked his hands frantically as he tried to evade the fire-balls from the fire-breathing monster Aillen.

He moved the hero, Nera, towards the statue and just about evaded one of the fire balls as he hid behind the head of the statue and he allowed himself to sigh deeply.

"Woosh" he exclaimed loudly as he paused the game and brought down his arms, letting them relax a little before he removed the S-Prints from his top parts of his fingers.

'wow my thumbs are a bit sore!' he thought to himself as twiddled his thumbs trying to stretch them out.

He had been tapping his thumbs against his index fingers so fast and so hard trying to escape the monster for so long!

Gaius huddled over to him, as did the others though he was scribbling in his notepad, a deep frown on his face as he stuck out his tongue from the corner of his lips.

"This is the furthest we've gotten so far!" Livia said in wonder before she scrunched her nose before she glanced at the Holo "But Nera's health is too low and we don't have any Healing Draughts or Phoenix Tears left" she said disappointed with a slump of the shoulders.

"And we don't have any Pepper-Up left." Magnus commented just as disappointed "We used the last potion to get Ferdiad passed the creepy rider."

Yes, they were in a bad spot! Really bad spot!

But…

They got this far, the last boss!

They couldn't quit now!

He turned to them and his right hand fell on top of Livia's shoulder, left hand on Magnus' and they looked at him, warily curious but downtrodden.

Fortie wore a serious expression on his face "Team, we're in a not so nice spot right now but we can do this!" he exclaimed heatedly as he turned to Magnus.

"Your hero Bélchú took the great serpent monster Oilliphéist into the ocean before stabbing it from the inside!" he said proudly as he beamed at his brother "You saved the rest of the team from its terrible poison mouth!" he finished with a sharp nod before he turned to Livia and Emilia.

"Your Fianna warrior priestesses defeated the great scourge Balor when you took the monster down into the depths of the lava pits!" Fortie said loudly as he raised his arms excitably, lifting the spirits of his brothers and sisters in the same process.

"Gaius' Ferdiad led the Dullahan into a trap before killing it even as it struck him down with its monster hammer!" Fortie said with a serious look as Gaius looked up with a firm look on his face, nodding for a second before scribbling down on his notepad again.

"We're now at the end, the end of the story and we must make sure Nera finishes the mission for everyone and the king!" Fortie said with a determined look and his siblings all got the same look as they nodded to him with all the seriousness the situation warranted

"So, what do we do team?" he asked seriously and all of his siblings except Gaius offered a plan of attack.

"Gaius?" Fortie asked after a while and Gaius took a moment before he looked up and saw everyone's expectant faces.

"You remember that broken stairs at the other side of the hall?" Gaius asked, his eyes shining with barely contained excitement.

Fortie's eyes widened and nodded rapidly "Yes!"

"Nera can get there through this way" Gaius said as he turned around his notepad and they all crowded around the notepad.

They saw that Gaius drew the Hall of Tara, the arena where his character Nera was battling the monster Aillen, protecting it from burning down like the monster always tried on Samhain!

They were all heroes working for the King of Tara who gave them the mission to defeat the monsters!

"Oooooooooooh" Livia exclaimed bright eyed "I see now!" she said with a giggle.

"Fortie you have to do it, it will be so gooooooood!" Magnus chattered excitedly as he bounced on his knees.

Fortie looked at the drawing before he looked up at Gaius. "Gaius…" he began, trying to speak like mama did when she was so mad she was very quiet.

Gaius looked at him a little confused "Yes? Do you not like the plan?"

"I don't like the plan" Fortie said as he crossed his arms.

"Whaaaaaaaaaat?!" Emilia and Magnus cried out in unison.

Fortie raised his hand towards them as he gave them mama's look and they quieted down even if they looked really confused.

He wanted to laugh but he managed to keep it together, just!

Fortie turned to Gaius who looked a little upset.

"I don't like it because…I LOVE IT! HAHA!" he whooped as he tackled Gaius "It's soooo good!"

"Not funny!" Livia cried out as she pushed Fortie in the shoulder but he laughed it off even as the others join in teasing him.

After they calmed down, Fortie put the S-Prints, the bits that moved the characters, back on his fingertips and followed the plan.

He snuck down from behind the head of the statue and hid behind one of the big feet before he took a deep breath and ran, his eyes focused on escaping fire ball after fire ball, weaving and jumping, his siblings' agitated whispers egging him on, until…

Finally…

Finally managed to climb onto the broken stairs, somehow not being hit once by the fire balls, the broken stairs that led to the ledge that was even higher than the statue and took him at the very edge of the game map and he took a deeeeeep breath before he jumped.

"Aaaaarrrgghhhhhhh" he cried out as he perfectly jumped directly above the fire-breathing monster that had chased and chased after him, hungering to burn him to a crisp and eat his Nera, and brought out his heroic sword Caladbolg, and with a crackle of lightning, it began to glow blue white and Fortie swung both of his arms behind his head.

"Beast! I call you abomination! Prepare to dieeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee" he hollered as the sword began to be engulfed with a turbulent storm of lightning and he let it rip! As he opened up his hands and a huge beam of lightning ripped out and hit the fire beast and the beast roared in pain but Fortie was not done, Nera was not done.

Fortie brought his hands together and Nera had the sword tip facing downward and it plunged into the back of the monster and the monster fell with Nera standing on top of the monster's back!

"Victory! Final Boss defeated! Well done, my heroes!" The King of Tara boomed triumphantly in the holo.

"WOOOOOOOOOP!" "We did it! We did it!!!!" "AMAZING, THAT WAS SOOO AMAZING!!"

He and siblings jumped and hugged each other as they won! They did it! They beat the game!

It had taken ages but they did it!

"What is that noise?!" their mother shouted from downstairs, stopping their jubilant celebrations.

"We have to tell the others, they'll be so jealous!" Gaius said with the rub of the hands, a gleeful evil look on his face!

Fortie laughed and wore a Cheshire grin before nodding.

They had a competition which team could do it first and they won!

"Yes, let's go! The last one downstairs is a sucker!" Magnus shouted even as he was halfway out of the door.

The rest of them looked at each other before they all ran out, laughing as they did.

It was hours later when it was time to go to the ceremony.

"Children, gather around, the portkey will be active shortly!" his mama yelled out in the backyard.

"Finally!" he exclaimed as he jerked up to his feet and walked to the backyard. He jumped down the final step and went to his mama.

She was standing by a round flat metal disc, their portkey for the day.

He wasn't a fan of portkey, he much preferred skymobiles!

…But mama said no and said this way would be quicker.

Ugh! He couldn't wait until foo – or whatever that green fire was, his mama always said she missed it – was ready to be used. That had to be better than being squeezed like a lemon in one of mama's kitchen thingies.

When they were all there, they stepped onto the large disc and after mama activated it, they were squeezed and popped out at the other end where there were hundreds of the same discs on the short grass plain.

They oohed and they aah'd as people were doing all kinds of magic and Fortie marvelled when he saw someone make spiralling leaves that circled above them, forming into all kinds of beasts, like hippogriffs, nemean lions, all sorts and all kinds of colours, from bright green to a shallow brown that looked a lot like what was left in the toilet when Magnus had a bad reaction to vanilla ice cream!

Fortie couldn't help but be so excited, it was the first time they were here! Mama had said they were too young last time but this year they were going to all the public festivals and ceremonies!

They'd already gone to the Maple Sugar Moon celebrations in March, the celebrations that celebrated the arrival of Spring and they've been to Beltane, by far the best thing that he'd ever gone to!

He still remembered the amazing way magic had felt that day! It was like he was floating on toffee clouds that day!

It was not long after they arrived that the random activities stopped and people gathered.

Fortie's head whizzed from side to side, his eyes bulging at what he was seeing!

In the dim light of the three orbs, he could vaguely see people all surrounding the…whats that word – pyre! – that's it! Or was that it, he wasn't sure, it was still a big pile of wood! – in a very big circle!

'So many people!' he thought amazed. Everyone must be here!

"Mama, is everyone here?" he asked in wonder.

His mother looked down, a warm smile on her face. "Not everyone, little babies and their parents might not be here but otherwise, I think so dear. Samhain is a very important ceremony, Julius." He scrunched his nose at his name but he was fine with it as his mother rustled his hair.

He purposefully ignored what she said about little babies and that it meant she thought them to be little babies last year also.

"It important to celebrate the cycle of life and death and to honour the ancestors." She told him.

Marisa, his oldest sister asked "Do you honour gran and grandpops?" she asked of their mama in a curious tone.

Eusebius, Livia and Magnus were nearby and waited for their mama's answer whilst the others were a little ahead talking with their classmates who were by their mama Ms Sneijder.

"I do" their mama said with a fond smile "I honour your grandmamma and grandfather every Samhain and I ask them to guard over you little rascals"

"Hey!" "We're not rascals!"

They said indignantly and their mama laughed heartily.

"I know you're all my little sweethearts" she said as she swept them all in her bear hug, squashing them together!

"MAMA!" "Ugh, I can't breathe!" they cried out much to their mama's amusement.

Eventually they were able to escape.

"Do you think grandmamma and grandpapa would like us, mama?" Livia asked with wide eyes.

Their mama didn't speak about her mama and papa too much.

'Or maybe it's because we don't ask' Fortie considered to himself

He vowed to ask about mama's parents more often!

"They would have loved you" their mama said sincerely, a large smile on her face "My father would have spoiled you all so very much I'd have to fight him to make sure you didn't grow up into little rollie pollie piglets" their mama said teasingly as she wriggled her fingers at them.

"And while I'd be stopping your grandfather, your grandmother would sneak around and help him spoil you!" their mother said before she tutted, even if she wore a smile.

They giggled, even Fortie at the thought of being little piglets!

They'd have so much fun rolling down the hills by their homes!

Fortie's eyes lit up. He'd have to speak to Gaius about a new game he thought of!

They were interrupted when the noise of the large crowd rose a little and Fortie swivelled his head towards where the sound was coming from.

"Magnus, go and get your siblings, the ceremony is about to start" their mama said and Magnus ran off to their siblings.

Fortie's eyes widened when he saw an old man with a big walking stick – no was it staff! – walking slowly to the pile of woods at the centre.

The crowd was much quieter but he could still hear them talking!

When they all returned, they surrounded mama as she spoke though very quietly "Now, this is your first time here so you might marvel at what you'll see but I expect you to be on your best behaviour, is that understood?" she asked sternly and everyone nodded rapidly sensing that mama was being very serious.

"Good" she declared before she smiled "Now, turn around and make sure you don't miss anything. The first time is always the most special" she said with a hint of excitement.

Even their mama was excited!

He swivelled back towards the centre where the old man was. He twisted his nose as he tried to remember if the old man was a shaman or a druid.

In class, they learnt that a shaman was someone who could work with the spirits! They could sense and chat with spirits of nature, spirits of animals and even people!

Teacher said though it was more like very very quiet whispers or a nudge than actually speaking to people though!

Still! Maybe he could work with one and help mama speak with her mama – and papa! – she would like that for sure!

Anyway, shamans did all the spirit-ua-lity stuff and elements like water and fire and air and the earth! While the Druids worked more with nature and life and rituals!

He narrowed his eyes, the orbs were becoming a little darker now, as he took in the figure of the old man. He wore like a braid around his forehead, very different than the kind of braids he'd seen girls wear – maybe that was what old men wore? – and had long white hair and beard, dressed in red robes.

He didn't have any of the fancy head stuff that shamans were supposed to wear so he probably was a druid!

He glanced over to Gaius who stood beside him and mouth 'Druid?' to him and Gaius nodded 'Celtic' he mouthed back silently to him and Fortie nodded before he returned his attentions to the old Druid.

He remembered there were all kinds of druids and shamans and that there were like many in their home!

Teacher had said that the Autumn celebrations and ceremonies were something that many, many peoples did all around the world! That even if you lived in somewhere cold like a place like Canada or Scotland, or somewhere warm like Uganda or Malay, there would be people who all celebrated the natural cycle and the ancestors!

He saw where those places were on the Holo Globe and they were so far away from each other!

Teacher had said that magic made them all very close to the world and that it made sense that even people so far away from each other did the same things!

"Welcome" a voice boomed and Fortie was almost startled like as his siblings were.

The old druid continued "To this hallowed day, Samhain, the time of year where the night grows darker and where the veil between this realm and the realm of the spirits is at its thinnest."

The Orbs above went out, the crowd gasped as they were descended into darkness. He was a little panicked but the soft humming their mama did, the soft humming was almost like a wordless song, calmed him greatly.

His eyes widened as he looked up and began to see so many stars!

The Sun Orbs were never completely off even at night when they were like little moons next to their big brother when the Moon was out so they didn't really see any stars then.

But now…

Woooooow! He marvelled.

And before he knew it, there was a huuuge fire at the centre near where he stood, one that seemed to want to lick at the very sky with how large it was!

The old druid stood by it like it was nothing, though he had his staff held by both his hands.

"In history, this day was one of solemn remembrance and of respectful preparation as the cold chill of winter bit at the ankles, clenched at the heart and gripped at the soul as families, clans and tribes prepared for the winter days and months to come. It marked the end of Summer, the end of the Harvest season and it marked when hardship was set to begin.

Ancestors were honoured and beseeched to protect their descendants against the embrace of Death, against the biting jaw of Hunger and against the scorching hands of Conflict." The old druid said, his voice carrying through the air almost like how a ball of cotton wool could sail through the air when it was caught on the air currents that made the wind blow in Illos.

"We are blessed to be saved from such hardships here in Illos, hardships our ancestors have gone through, hardships our ancestors have survived and overcome yet this absence of struggle only gives this ceremony a deeper meaning, one that urges us to remember" The old druid said gravely, his baritone voice reached every ear no matter how far away.

The old druid raised his staff slowly, until it was high above his head and then he slammed his staff against the earth and for a moment, nothing happened until…

The flame rustled and swayed in the air like a shaking bush before it began to grow and grow, reaching even higher in the sky before the tips of the red orange flames began to twist, and then spiral even higher, slowly though surely turning into a huge wheel, a wheel that turned and turned that lit up the entire place!

It was amazing!

"To remember that even in these blessed days the endless cycle of life and death and rebirth never ceases, no matter how fertile the soil and fruitful the lands or how temperate and safe the lands.

Petals and leaves once fallen, are fallen forever just as withered flowers from ancient vine do not return once they drop to the earth, earth from whence these petals and leaves and flowers came and hence used to transform and to nurture the next flower in an endless cycle of life…death…rebirth." The old druid said, his voice now sounding like it came from everywhere and a loud crackle sounded high above, one that caused a lot of people to gasp loudly!

He looked up but had to look away as the light that came was nearly blinding!

He blinked rapidly and then squinted upwards and his mouth dropped.

'Wooooaaaah' he wondered, his eyes alight with awe.

The sky had come alive, a golden bird that was at the centre of hundreds, thousands of glowing shapes, five pointed stars, crescent moons, swirls, snowflakes and many many more shapes, of all kinds of colours that seemed to drift away with each flap of the bird's wings and flick of its long tail.

"Amazing…." Livia whispered and he turned to her.

Her eyes were wide and her face full of awe, of wonder and his eyes drifted to his other siblings and saw they were the same.

He turned to his mama and saw her look at him with an indulgent but gentle smile before she jerked her head slightly forward, signalling for him to look forward and he did so and his eyes widened as his mouth formed an o.

The shapes were descending down and down, like shards from shattered rainbows, towards them all until they were within touching distance.

He reached it, as did the thousands of others, and he gasped when he touched it.

He could feel it!

Woooow he wondered, his eyes filled with sparks of wonder as he carefully plucked it from the air and he gasped as he felt the magic of the little, glowing amber spiral shape!

He could feel magic on his skin! It was tingling, no it felt like it was gliding over his skin, like a soft blanket brushing against his legs but it was all over his body, gliding again and again like how water rippled!

Not only that, the magic felt…more…it felt…warm, soothing but it also felt…sad and hopeful?

He'd never felt anything like this, not ever!

It was too different from Beltane!

His eyes flickered at the old druid and his eyes widened.

His hero was there!

Standing next to the old druid with his left hand up in the sky and a star in his left hand!

He must be doing this amazing magic!

"In your hands" his hero began, his voice made the bones in Fortie's body shiver despite the soft tone.

His eyes glowed like the brightest stars in the night sky as he brought down his left hand and held the star, the star that glowed so very white, in palms of his hands.

"Is a piece of magic that comes from Illos, that comes from what we have built here and in that piece of magic you may whisper and you may feel, all that you wish to send to your ancestors before it is passed across past the veil" Lord Sayre said, almost seeming to speaking directly into their minds as an understanding settled and clarity came.

Fortie looked down at his bright coloured amber spiral shape

"Think of your ancestors and of your lost ones." He heard whispered softly into the air, wracked with solemnity and numb reverence.

Fortie thought of mama's parents, Julie and Alfred.

"Pray for their eternal rest and pray that they will look out for you across the border that separates their domain from ours."

Fortie prayed for grandmamma Julie and grandpops Alfred and asked them to look after mama, after his siblings and after him.

"Think of how you will honour them not just on this hallowed day but in life until we re-join them in death." His hero said, his words sprouting like bright green trees through the hazy mud of his mind and Fortie closed his eyes, thinking, promising, to protect his family as he believed that was the bestest way to make gran and grandpops proud!

He reopened his eyes and saw the amber spiral shape begin to rise in the air, fleetingly, gingerly before it shot up quickly in the sky, like all the others.

All the shapes in the world, all of these brightly, infinite variants of colours began to circle each other, then spiral around each other, until it became impossible to tell where one began and another ended.

Until…

Until the great golden bird cawed a beautiful melody and flapped its great wings one more time, and the sky shone with gold from as far as he could see, brightening the world with a light that made it seem like it was day instead of the night that it was.

The golden bird disappeared, almost like it evaporated in a mist but the spiral of colours remained but only a moment before they dove and dove towards the great tower of flames and, after once more nearly blinding them, the sky was once more back to night but where the flame was, was instead a multi coloured flame that stretched high and far into the sky, like a beam that reached past the moon…

He imagined it going past Saturn…

Past the other planets…

Until…

Until, Fortie thought, until they reached at the other side of the veil like how his hero said.

Everyone was quiet, so quiet that you could even hear the rustling of clothes and Fortie wasn't surprised.

After all…

The messages were still travelling so far away, in the beam, in the magic and no one…no one would want that to end, not until people like gran and grandpops heard their messages…

…their prayers…

…and their promises

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

1st​ of November 1952 – Norway – House Ulthöst Annual Autumn Event

Otto Ælvisson POV

He looked at the lavish food that nearly overflowed on the table before reaching out into his pocket and took out his own contribution of the night.

He placed the golden apple in his hand on the Offering table and remained for a few seconds.

Vetrnætr… (Winter Nights…)

He turned around, glass of champagne in his hand, and surveyed all those present at the Gala.

Guests, hundreds of them, all nobles, chattered as they exchanged rumours and false pleasantries as they basked in the unbelievably luxurious spectacle that was thrown for them.

Briefly, as he stared at the gathering, where opulence and muted revelry drowned the night away, he wondered if their ancestors would be pleased or disgusted at the twisting of this ancient ceremony.

Once, perhaps in his grandfather's time, Vetrnætr had been a revered ceremony to observe the changing of the summer's end into the cold grip of winter.

Food and sacrifice were offered to ancestors to honour them and to plea with them to watch over their descendants as guardian spirits against the cold embrace of death.

On this night, where the barriers between the dead and the living was at its weakest, it was said the ancestors were listening to their pleas and would watch over them if they deemed the sacrifice to be honouring enough.

He glanced at the table, overflowing with food, none that had come from the labours of those present, before turning away, his gaze returning at the gathering until his eyes flickered upwards having been distracted by the glare of the glimmering lights.

Crystal chandeliers hung from the distant ceiling, chandeliers that frayed light from its seams, and the spectral array of colours descended down upon them from a great height, almost making it seem as if Bifröst was reaching down to them to bring them up to the realm of the gods.

He brought the glass of champagne to his lips, a small humorously cold smirk grew from the edges of his lips whilst they parted as he drank the flavourful liquid.

They would have hated everything about this and he could not bring himself to care one whit.

They'd grown above such primitive practices and it was all for the better that it could be turned into something useful.

Each year, nobles from all around came to the Ulthöst event to partake in the overflowing feast and drunken revelry that was barely contained under a veneer of nobility and formality. Though what truly made it worth coming, beyond the upkeep of appearances, was what laid hidden in the crevices of this festivity.

Years had passed since Grindelwald had defeated by the now former Lord Sayre and it had not been kind to many of the nobility.

Decimation of entire bloodlines was a story that was as common as a knut, large families that had once had branches of branches had been whittled down, if they were lucky, to an heir and a spare.

Most were not that lucky.

Grindelwald's madness had come at a price that left both sides bitter, one that stripped both sides of their hereditary rights in many parts of Europe as the ICW took advantage of the turmoil and instituted little more than puppet states during their occupation that wrested control from the hands of the nobility.

Denmark, his country, had not been lucky to escape that fate. Other than Austria and perhaps Germany, Denmark had been the country that had punished the most and it had been an uncomfortable decade for the Dark families as blood traitors and the self-righteous Light families lorded over them.

He rued the day they supported that madman. Grindelwald had promised much to them, a future where those who followed him sat at the top of the pyramid with muggles reduced to cattle only fit for tending the fields.

None of them had any idea what his final plans had been…nor the lengths he was willing to go to see come to fruition. Grindelwald had been mad, at the end, and however much he disdained Sayre for his abandonment of his Olde heritage, he at last could acknowledge the one good deed that the man committed for them all.

Even if it cost his and his allies nearly all of their political influence at the time and their loss of their hereditary rights.

After all…

Influence could be regained if you were still alive.

He glanced around, his eyes sweeping around.

Norway had been fortunate to escape the fate of his homeland.

Just as Sweden, Greece, Italy and Portugal had been though unlike them, save for Sweden, Norway's strength was far from what it had once been.

Grindelwald's madness had ensured that as he decimated through their forces like a hot knife through butter and destroyed much of the infrastructure within the Norwegian Ministry.

Only fifteen years ago, they proudly had themselves listed amongst the most powerful.

Now…

They trailed behind the French who had suffered more than Norway did yet they had rebuilt faster than anyone else on the continent as their economy was largely left unscathed by the spiteful economic attack by the Sayres.

It had embittered many in Norway that the French had grown leaps and bounds, even exceeding the wealth they had before the war, whilst their wealth had dwindled to a fraction of what it was, Grindelwald's occupation having been long enough that he had confiscated many families' wealth.

In an ironic way Sayre had done much to paper over the divisions in Norway when he had crashed the European economy that had only just about started to recover.

Sayre had bloodied many where it had hurt the most, even those who had remained out of the attacks against him and his family in this singular act.

It had been bad enough he and that wife of his published that damnable book that only further emboldened support for the ICW governmental template as blood traitors pushed for a 'fairer' Denmark just as others who did the same in Europe.

His eyes flashed for a moment as an amusing thought passed through his mind. That book had revitalised many noble families and many had put aside their differences and rallied so that none could take advantage of their weakened states.

It was an open secret that families across Europe had traced down the lines of cast out squib lines and had…quietly removed any potential claimants that could be used against the family.

The Light families, always so self-righteous, had involved themselves just as much as the Darker families.

After all…

Wealth was power just as much magic was.

It had been through the recognised threat that the Sayres represented that much of the friction and unrest that sprang from the consequences of the war had been muted in the early years amongst the nobility in Denmark and in other occupied countries.

The war had been devastating not only to bloodlines but also to the coffers and businesses of many families. Widespread looting and destruction, even in the immediate months after Grindelwald's death, had shattered much of the economy of mainland Europe and Sayre's companies had filled that chasm that had formed, dominating entire industries with his goods and products.

Families that once had significant market share over certain industries, may it be potions, cosmetics, stationaries or even entertainment, fell to his encroachment and when the ICW had offered to intervene in return for accepting their demands and political system, many, across the political spectrum, had accepted it with the additional caveat agreed about reduced fines and release of relatives who'd been Grindelwald followers.

Had the ICW not intervened, he doubted any overt action would have been made, not after most relevant Lords had seen his…capabilities against Grindelwald in pensieves.

Who could have stood against power like that?

None but a collective effort of an unholy alliance that saw him as a greater threat, that was what it had taken in the end.

The boy had been a fool…

That Power in his hands…

In his Blood...

And he squandered it away fighting for people who didn't matter...choosing to attack prideful Lords in industries where their ancestors had marked as their own…making enemies that would have otherwise bitten off their hands to be his ally…

With his heritage as a Sayre, a line that stretched back four thousand years, unbroken pure…

Europe could have been his, a Grey family that didn't disdain the dark and one the Light fools could accept.

Yet he threw it away so carelessly that in the end he got his family banished from the Isles that had been his House's home for over a thousand years.

He'd heard some rumours there were some amongst the Norwegian nobility that hated the man so much that they had expended significant effort to find him though from what he knew, even the ICW had no idea where he and the people that left with him went.

In truth, he had no idea why they were so interested in finding him…

Perhaps it was the arctic snow in the air that was addling their minds. They'd all already secured a victory by eliminating someone who upset the power structure as much as he did…trying to find someone like him who left with thousands of magicals, even if most of those thousands were little better than dragon dung, was practically inviting a Horntail to your manor's living room…

There was a reason why, as far as he knew, Sayres family in MACUSA was well and truly left alone. The responses to the few attempts on the lives of the Sayres had been enough to indicate provoking beyond what he was willing to tolerate was a bad idea…which the Italian Senate incident should have only solidified…

And then there was the risk of finally raising the ire of the half-blood Slytherin who'd trounced the International duelling competitions with contemptuous ease and was rumoured to be an Archmage as well…

He shook his head. They'd have to deal with those fools if they took things too far. The last thing they'd want is for their plans to be upended by their need of vengeance.

Nevertheless, the terms the ICW had given had proven to be fruitful as the economic crisis could have been even worse than it was.

Now, finally, years later, the economy was picking back up faster especially after several new industries based on the Sayre family's products had opened up.

That M-Vision creation had opened a fascinating industry where Quidditch games, Wizarding Chess and other sports could be shown directly in homes and from it came opportunities.

Unfortunately, it seemed as if rumours of Sayre's Seeing capabilities were truer than false as he had the foresight to clandestinely sell the patent of the invention to the Delacour family in 1947, a family that had grown as influential in France as the Blacks were in Britain, with only the stipulation that he retained the rights to use his own invention as he saw fit.

Years of court proceedings had finally yielded a result in 1951 that was, perhaps not as favourable, but at least enough to ensure profitable business as now goods and businesses were advertised directly into the homes of their potential consumers.

Now, with the growing recovery of the economy, it was beginning to finally be time to remove the ICW's influence in Europe and restore the rights of the nobility.

And speaking of restoring the rights of the nobility…

He spotted someone heading towards him, a man with short dignified blond hair dressed in fine black Acromantula silk robes carrying a glass of champagne in his hand.

He recognised who it was and as their eyes met, the man looked at the balcony at the end of the gala and he understood.

Minutes later, he walked through the large windowed door and the chill of the autumn cold lashed against his skin. He released his wand and waved it over himself, the immediate relief of warmth coating him caused him to release a content silent sigh.

He walked towards the edges of the former battlement stations, now repurposed as a balcony, and stared out into the distance of the night.

His eyes turned towards the crescent moon half hidden by foreboding black grey clouds, the Moon's light shining peaks at the Jotunheimen mountain range.

Ulthöst Castle, or as it once been known Jotun Fort, was said to have been built as a stronghold by the Ancient Norse in the 6th​ century during the beginnings of the Goblin-Norse Wars.

A place built within the depths of the mountain, stones made with ancient magicks protecting the structure even to this day, even if the enchantments had fallen long ago.

There were just a few forts like this, the most famous was Durmstrang which had been built on the carcass of one such fort, its rubble stones repurposed as the foundation of the famous school.

He looked to the side, his gaze trailing of over the ancient stones that to this day none knew how to replicate. Not even this protected those ancient Norse mages, having been eradicated to the last enclave. The Goblins had made sure to wipe any traces of the magic that had killed tens of thousands of their kind.

"Lord Ælvisson" a smooth German accented voice called in Norwegian as the man's steps became audible.

He turned around and saw the blond man approach him. "Lord Zandorf" he said with the incline of the head.

The Zandorf family were one the most prominent families in Germanic speaking lands, able to trace their roots over a millennia and a half to the Vauci clan, an offshoot of the Chauci tribe from North Western Germany.

They were also one of the Darkest family around.

They had been one of Grindelwald's first supporters and had assisted greatly in his rise in both the German and Austrian Ministries. As such, they had been one of the harshest punished families.

It was not a surprise that they were unhappy with the way things were going and they had no path to turn things around in their favour.

Until now.

The blood traitors in the German Ministry were waning in power as many noble families regained a growing measure of their political influence owed to them as was their right, the constrictions that had been placed to them falling away with every election that was held.

The 'democratic system' was nothing more than a façade, one that could be manipulated easily through the exchange of galleons and job security, something that the average pureblood prefers more than the notion of 'representation'.

The Zandorf's were one of the families that had one of their members elected in the Parliament though there were at least a few more that had direct links to the family.

The man arrived next to him and turned towards the mountain rage and the half frozen lake. "Did you know that depression" he pointed with the hand that held the glass towards the lower points in the landscape "was not natural?"

Otto tilted his head curiously "I didn't." he stated, wondering where he was going with this.

"Not many do. I wouldn't be surprised if the Ulthöst family didn't know either." He said calmly before he drank of his champagne.

"This was a site of a great battle between the Goblins and the Norse, one that came to define who would become victorious in the war and who would…die off." Lord Zandorf turned to him, their gazes meeting.

"The Ancient Norse had powerful magicks, the kind that caused muggles to worship these mages as gods as they shaped the world around them on a scale that very very few magical peoples are or were capable of." Zandorf's eyes grew cold before he waved his wand towards the site of the depression.

"Yet for all their power, for all of their mountain shattering capabilities, numbers had been their undoing as waves of Goblin hordes kept coming and coming, killing every single one of them…man, woman…child…none were spared, not even their shrines or their ritual sites beyond the few broken rubble that had been left behind as a message." He turned to Otto, a spine shivering smile worn on his face as he brought his glass to his lips and drank.

He brought the glass away from his lips as he tilted his head as he glanced at the mountain range. "I always found that to be a lesson to remember." Lord Zandorf turned to face him again.

"The goblins are little more than neutered beasts now, nothing like what they once were." He stated and Lord Zandorf's unblinking eyes were a little disturbing before he spoke again.

"Oh, they were merely an example however we did not come here to speak of ancient history" Lord Zandorf smoothly transitioned, his countenance shifting towards to stern seriousness "How many have you brought on board?" he asked sharply.

Otto remained silent for a moment "Sixteen Dark families." He finally answered. "Six Norwegian families including the Gunnarson and Haelaand families."

Lord Zandorf's eyes shone with approval though a shine of curiosity entered "How did you manage that? I thought they were bound to the Blacks?"

"They are." Otto said with a scowl before he smiled thinly "But the conditions of their alliances do not prevent from acting on their own as long as it is does not impact House Black negatively."

Zandorf said nothing for a moment until he broke the silence "That would be right. Breaking the ICW's dominance in Europe has nothing to do with them." He turned to Otto sharply, his gaze calculating "You'll need sound out more, many more. Sixteen noble families are a good starting point to get backing to our cause but it will amount to nothing if we cannot form a much larger block."

Otto narrowed his eyes "It is in progress. You know as well as I do that many aren't willing to risk the lenient terms granted to them. The ICW for all of its domination has at least ensured their freedoms, however diminished it is."

"A divisive tactic made to pit both sides against each other on far more equal terms." Zandorf waved away dismissively. Zandorf's eyed spied at him "You realise that don't you? They forced those laws onto to us to make sure we'll spend years, decades whittling them away. They don't care a single knut about the mudbloods or half bloods or those creatures but what they do care about is to ensure no ministry grows strong enough to pose a threat to the world order they've made.

They will not allow any one nation to grow strong enough to be able to contend with its armies, not after how much they struggled to deal with just a few Ministries backing the Dark Lord. It is better for them for us all to be mired in political battles rather than be strong enough to build up a force that would give the ICW more than a little pause in interfering in our business." He concluded before he continued "It is why it is important to twist this system to our advantage as soon as possible until we've regained the power we've lost in the Dark Lord's defeat and undo everything."

It was unlikely they could restore the hereditary governmental system completely, that would be a step too far but they could alter the laws to make it so that it makes little difference.

The blood traitors would ruin their countries with their muggle loving ways and it was their duty to prevent them from doing so.

It disgusted him to think that a Danish Minister couldn't run their government without gaining approval from the Danish Monarch, something that had not been doing for centuries previously.

It was bad enough that the Minister had to treat the muggle Prime Minster as an equal.

"I will accelerate our plans." Otto finally acceded and Zandorf nodded his approval.

He eyed the man carefully "Have you succeeded in your…insertion?" he asked carefully.

Zandorf said nothing for a moment before he downed his champagne. "I have. It won't be a while until it'll pay any dividends but that is fine." He turned to Otto "Keep that to yourself. You know the consequences should that information be leaked." He commented idly and though his voice was calm, the undertones could not be missed.

Otto narrowed his eyes "Understood." He said calmly, swallowing the indignant response.

The Zandorfs were every bit as ruthless as the Blacks were or the Kolya family. They were a significant reason as to how Grindelwald managed to take both German and Austrian Ministries without much resistance.

"Have you been to the Vault recently?" Zandorf asked, breaking the silence that had fallen. He began walking back towards the Gala and Otto locked step with him.

"I haven't." He admitted. He hadn't had time in the last few months. Though…

"I thought they had closed down recently?" he asked curiously.

Zandorf opened the large door and stepped through and Otto followed.

-...s the night when the gateway between

He looked at the direction of the music and realised it was the band playing Solemn Nights, an old song made out of the traditional Vetrnætr prayers.

"No, they only changed location. More stringent protocols to keep the eyes of the ICW away and to avoid gaining the attentions of the Hounds of Death" Zandorf said with a hateful sneer.

It was understandable. The Hounds of Death had destroyed many…suspect avenues of revenue to the point that it scared them – not that any would admit that – from starting it up again, the recent failed and disastrous attempt by one of the Norwegian nobles had made any ideas of restarting it idiotic.

They were ruthless and killed hundreds of good purebloods without any compunctions and had it not been for the fact that they all died gruesome deaths, they would have suspected some of the more vengeful blood traitors had a hand in it.

For now, their best assumptions were that they were rival Dark Houses from Eastern Europe.

Thankfully, the Vault had been spared their attacks.

"I see." He said with a nod as they came to a stop and grabbed filled glasses of champagne.

"I will have them send you an invitation next." Zandorf offered.

Otto inclined his head in gratitude before he turned to the band that played.

our world and the spirit world is thinnest.

"I actually haven't been in recent weeks though I have received some interesting news about one of the nights at the Vault." Zandorf said.

Tonight is a night to call out those who came before.

"Really?" Otto asked curiously. He wouldn't exactly call what happens there…interesting. Unless you were speaking in terms of the deaths that could happen.

There were really some gruesome deaths in those fights.

"Yes…there was a new fighter. Won eight fights in a row in the Lower Rings. Said to be likely at least a Lower Sorcerer."

Tonight I honor my ancestors.

"Really?" he drawled out slowly, surprise in his voice. "You don't usually see someone of that strength fighting amongst the rabble." Usually it was desperate dregs of society of little magical talent that fought for a decent amount of galleons.

If he was that strong, even if it was nothing too special, he should have at least been fighting in one of the official duelling competitions before being…scouted to see if he is of the right sort to invite to take part of the Premium fights.

"I know, surprised everyone else too. He killed them brutally too. Upset the bookies a lot. The last four were favourites." Zandorf said musingly as he brought the glass to his lips.

"Interesting." Otto murmured softly.

Spirits of my fathers and mothers, I call to you,

"What's his name?" he asked after a moment.

and welcome you to join me for this night.

"No one knows but apparently he's young." Zandorf said with a frown.

"Surely the organisers know?" he asked as he turned to Zandorf with raised eyebrows.

"They don't. Signed up under an alias. Apparently the cloak he wore had some kind of obscuring charm but they could tell he was young. Cloak seemed unique too given that it was made black feathers." Zandorf said informingly.

"Properly a mudblood though I can't imagine they wouldn't have killed him then and there." Otto said with a frown. How did he find the place anyway?

You watch over me always,
protecting and guiding me,

"He wasn't, he made an oath that he was a pureblood to one of the organisers." Zandorf said a little impressed. "Wouldn't say how he knew about the event but the oath combined with surprising them allowed him to get on. They probably thought he'd die anyway."

Silence reigned between as the band continued their solemn hymn, rapturing the crowds with sweeping vocals and delicate music.

and tonight I thank you.

"I see." He said contemplatively. "Possibly could be from one of the ruined families."

Your blood runs in my veins,

"Possibly." Zandorf conceded though there was a tinge of doubt which Otto could understand. Zandorf continued past it, moving away the conversation from speculation who he might be "The organisers apparently are hoping he'll take their invitation to join the Premium Events."

your spirit is in my heart,

"Probably at the behest of the bookies?" Otto asked amused.

Zandorf looked at him amused "Wouldn't be surprised."

"What was his alias?" he asked curiously as the band drew nearer to the end of the song.

Zandorf remained silent for a moment until he spoke up "Raven."

Otto's eyebrows raised. Interesting choice…

"Raven? Odd" he said thoughtfully.

"Quite…" Zandorf said with a strange expression before it flittered back into a neutral expression as he glanced at him from the corner of his eyes.

"Until next time." He intoned before he walked away.

your memories are in my soul.

He turned towards the band as they reached the dying parts of the song.

Hail to our ancestors who passed through the Veil and returned,

To watch and to protect over us!

Hail to the Dead!

Hail to the Dead!

Hail to the Dead!

In Bucharest, Romania…

"With the gift of Remembrance…" he whispered as the dreary rain coated over him as he sat on the edge of the building top, his feet hanging over the ledge.

The night was cold but memories kept him warm…memories that roused the burning rage within his chest like kindle filings, rage that licked and charred at the confines of his chained lacking soul.

"You are dead but never forgotten…" his voice was eerie, haunting as the pattered sounds of the rain threatened to drown out the softly whispered words.

"You live on within me…" the words died on his tongue, the familiar desolate pangs of weakness bleeding through.

KRAAA!!!!!

Quick fluttering of wings ceased as the raven landed beside him.

He raised his hand, tired, languidly, his coal black eyes gazing emptily at the raven.

KRAAA

KRAAA

The raven barked out as it nudged, closer and closer, within striking distance…

A single swipe of the hand and his fingers would be wrapped around its neck and a singly twist would snap its pitiful, weak neck…

His hand descended and stroked the feathers of the raven, caringly, tenderly…

More and more ravens descended and surrounded him on the turn of this new day…

"You sense it too, don't you…the thin veil that separates the living and the dead…" he whispered to his flock of ravens, his unchosen companions, his chosen flock.

"Hmm…" he hummed softly, as he looked up, gazing at the crescent moon, a pang of companionship passing through him at the sight of its incompleteness, an absence that in his case would forever be lacking, even if on a day such as today, he was as close to complete as possible...

"And just like me…" he whispered to his flock "You're more at ease when the barrier is at its thinnest."

The air around him shimmered, danced…

Faint whispers, faint presences, all in a scale that they were little more than a speck of dust on a perfectly clear window, just, only just noticeable…

"I know…" he whispered, comfort seeping into his soul, the chains that surrounded it were loosened. "Soon…"

"I promise…"



My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Treken, UndeadFlowerBoy, chibrow and 99 others
mosefboombox117
Oct 31, 2022
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 6 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Nov 13, 2022
Add bookmark
#76
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think! Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next three chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 6:

3rd​ of November 1952 – New York, McDowell Estate

Sophia POV

"Well done Derek" Sophia said approvingly with a raised glass, one that clinked once the other glass touched it.

"Thank you, Sophia" Derek said with a gentle chuckle as he leaned back into his chair. "Third consecutive quarter where we've exceeded profits by ten percent over the previous quarter." Derek said almost preening.

No, he was definitely preening, she thought with amusement as she stared at her friend and subordinate.

The muggle conglomerate, the Sphinx Group of which Derek Saunders was the CEO of, had some of the fastest companies within its wings with the largest growing companies being in the shipping, manufacturing and in the telecommunications industries.

They were now the de-facto largest sea-freight haulers with a whopping seveteen percent shipped on either sea-freight ships made by Endrian Anchorage Company, a subsidiary of Endrian Shipping Company, or actually shipped on Endrian Shipping Company ltd sea-freight haulers.

Trade was also now expanding into Asia as more countries were building the necessary infrastructure at ports that could handle the logistics and the disembarking of goods.

With the growing normalisation of television and radio in wider America, their company Pear Incorporated which made television sets and cameras – which also included sub-divisions that supplied other television producers with parts and components – had the largest share of the market.

Having bought out manufacturing companies that churned out weapons and vehicle components by the thousands, all of that industrial capability had been turned into becoming a key supplier for several large companies in the automotive and aeronautics industries.

They had the potential to become a producer themselves however it would be a risky venture even if they had the Ancient Humanity knowledge.

Besides…it would also mean that they were directly involved in improving the muggles and that was hardly any of them wanted.

All of these industries had been key in the rise of Sphinx Group in the world and with the subtle use of magic, nearly all of it with regards to ensuring secrecy and preventing espionage – which was a serious problem especially with the communist threat, they were able to limit their expenditures without giving away that there was something afoot.

Despite the harsh MACUSA laws, most of the laws with regards to business in the muggle world were strangely lax as long as magic was not used in any capacity. Most of the laws were geared in limiting magic being exposed in the mundane world but MACUSA had always depended on the ability of magicals of being able to mingle with the mundanes which obviously included a senses of good old American entrepreneurship.

Derek continued "I'm hoping Congress reduces some of the restrictions when it comes to international trade" Derek said as he leaned back into his chair "There's opportunity in Asia when it comes to sourcing some of the cheaper less advanced goods that could free up some capacity for more valuable work" he said before sipping on his wine.

"Seems unlikely" she said a little sceptically "There's still a lot of support for protectionism. Just last year the Extension Act made sure the cotton and tobacco industries were protected just because their export interests were weakened. I can't imagine they'll be willing to extend that to other industries either given that it would outsource plenty of American jobs abroad."

"Not as much as you think" Derek rebutted before he drank of his glass of wine "Those like Eisenhower are increasingly gaining traction when it comes to increasing international trade. The decades long guaranteed prices are inhibiting greater world market share not to mention causing the federal government to stockpile tonnes of cotton and other farmed goods." Derek shook his head "No, I think we'll see a shift in legislation and trade agreements that'll throw away many of the restrictions currently in place."

"Hmm. Perhaps" she acceded before she peered a glance at him "I suppose there is a likelihood they'll loosen restrictions if only to bring other nations closer to Western influence."

Derek's eyes darkened "Yes…there is that too. After what happened with the Chinese, they'll want to make sure as few countries end up in their sphere of influence."

Derek's despise of the Communists was something that prevalent amongst most informed magicals, not only for the butchered implementation and practices of Marxist principles, but also for what was done to the Chinese Mages in Communist China.


During the Second World War, the Chinese Confederation of Wizards had initially refused to war against the Japanese, something that the Communists later used as an excuse to persecute magicals, but soon changed their minds when it was clear that the Japanese magicals were aiding the war effort of the Japanese Empire.

Had the Chinese magicals not aided as much as they had, it would have been doubtful enough leaders in both the Chinese Communist party or the Republic Party of China would have survived which all the current situation in China all the more disturbing.

As the Chinese Communist Party was removing much of the magical population of China out of their native home regions and cities, even going as far as destroying entire magical villages if they could find them in their quest of consolidation of power and misguided retribution.

Even the most tolerant of mundanes were appalled by the actions of the Chinese Communist government and only reinforced that mundanes should not know of magicals at any cost.

It was not surprising to know then that in many parts of the world there were new initiatives to remove any knowledge of magic from even the highest offices of government especially those who had proven to be untrustworthy to know.

Derek's expression brightened as a small grin formed on his face "Which I suppose is only to our benefit. With our new class of freight ships which nearly doubles load capacity, we'll be able to secure even more market share of the shipping industry" he said with a twinkle in his.

She almost smiled at her friend's optimism. He lived for the cut-throat world of business and he happened to be excellent at it.

"I doubt it'll be that easy." She said before drinking of her wine, pausing once she'd taking a sip and looked over the rim "Do not get too embroiled in creating a monopoly." She warned.

"No one likes monopolies, not even allies."

Derek laughed "True but I'll find a way around it, don't worry." He said with a grin, one that turned slightly mischievous "I've got enough examples from both yourself and your brother how to manage to get around such snags, don't I?"

She rolled her eyes at the comment before they continued talking.

Whilst Derek was in charge of the muggle ventures and businesses, she was directly in charge of the businesses in the magical world.

They did not nearly create the same kind of revenue as the muggle businesses did but they were far more profitable despite the vastly smaller consumer market, a consumer market that was even smaller now than it was only five years ago.

Her brother, during the short period where he reigned over all of the Sayre interests, businesses and so on, had massively expanded the portfolio away from just simply creature ingredients and other common household goods.

There had been practically no industry or niche left unturned as he forced his way into those industries – and at the same time creating entirely new ones from scratch – causing them to effectively gain unrivalled influence and wealth not seen since the days before the near extinction of House Sayre in the 17th​ century.

Atticus had intentionally antagonised many powerful peoples – and organisations – and for a moment it seemed like they might once again come into conflict with enemies keen to destroy House Sayre.

Thankfully that conflict had never come into play – no matter how incredible and creepy Atticus' seeing abilities had become, she'd never forgive him for causing their family such strife even if she understood his reasons and plans – though it had cost them severely.

The Sayre magical businesses were mainly constrained to the New World where there was a greater appetite for their advanced magical products such as the Reader-Tablets, basic Magi-Comps, M-Vision sets, and others like it.

The loss of business in Europe was a blow but it was a blow that was lessened somewhat with the revenue that was still coming in in the form of royalties as licences were sold to friendly families like the Delacours.

Plus, North America had more than doubled in population from the waves of immigration from Europe as a consequence of the increasing intolerance – and through the subtle aid of Illos – of squib-descendants and squibs, something that was set to continue over the coming decades, increasing the consumer market and lessening the financial impact of losing Europe.

Dayton walked into the room and met her gaze. "My lady" Dayton bowed before he stood back up straight "The President is here."

Derek's eyes widened "Ah." He said before he got up though not before taking a large swill of his drink, emptying in the process. "Time for me to go, I see."

Sophia hugged him before releasing him "Thank you for coming to see me, Derek."

"Ah, I'm always keen to visit you Sophia." He said with the incline of the head and a warm smile.

"Give Sandra my well wishes."

"I will." Derek said as he walked out of the office.

She turned to Dayton, a quizzical expression on her face "Did she say why she was here?"

Dayton shook his head. "No, my Lady. But…but she seemed slightly off." He told her and she frowned in response.

"Off as in unhappy?" she queried as she gestured him to walk with her towards their guest.

Dayton was the chief security of the guards that guarded her family, a job he took with a stoic ferventness that she'd ill seen in anyone else.

There was no one else that was as loyal as Dayton was to their family, to Atticus.

She was glad that Atticus assigned him to her family. She could trust him with her life and more importantly with the life of her most precious.

"Yes" he said in affirmation.

"I see." She said contemplatively before she nodded to him.

She proceeded down the stairs and the sounds of laughter echoed as she reached the bottom of the stairs.

"Auntie! That's not fair!" a childish voice cried out with a mixture of outrage and giggles.

"Oh? Maybe I should make it even more unfair?" a tickling voice of Aunt Voila echoed slightly as she rounded past the corner and into the living room.

A little girl of age four was stretching towards a plushy polar bear held by Aunt Voila out of the little girl's reach, a plushy bear dressed in a little suit with a bowtie around its neck that made it rather adorable.

"Marie." Sophia called out a firm but gentle tone. The four year old jumped up, her eyes wide as her head swivelled around faster than Sophia thought her little neck should have been capable of.

"Mama!" Marie said with a gasp before she rounded towards the older woman with a petulant glare "She took my bear!"

"Your bear?" the older woman said with a raised eyebrow "When did it become yours?" she said with straight expression though mirth in her eyes were rather easy to see.

"When you floo'd into my house!" Maria exclaimed.

"Your house?" Sophia said with a flat tone though inwardly she was amused and exasperated by her daughter's spoilt nature.

'I'll have to talk to her father about toning it down' she thought to herself.

It didn't help that her husband was rather wrapped around their daughter's finger.

"Mama's house" Marie corrected herself with a pouty smile, one that suggested she knew what she was doing and Sophia resisted to smile.

She was far too precocious for her own good.

Marie had not come long after she married her husband Louie Kōnstantînos, a third son of the Founding House of Kōnstantînos and who she was married to matrilineally. A political marriage, one she chose, that she grown to appreciate with her fondness of her husband growing over the years.

She did not bear him love, not like she did Charles, but she had grown to care for him nonetheless.

Still, it did not mean that she had no love in her life as she stared at the little girl who resembled her and her family so much.

Sparkling emerald eyes that shone with bright mischief and intelligence, rich dark hair that was just like Atticus', Marie was something she loved more than anything else.

The bear floated down towards Marie which she snapped up with rambunctious delight "Thank you thank you thank you!" she babbled towards Aunt Viola whose expression cracked and let off a warm smile.

"You're welcome." Aunt Voila said before she turned to Sophia and her expression shifted to seriousness and Sophia knew whatever it was that her aunt was unhappy about, was something they needed to discuss immediately.

She glanced at Dayton and nodded to him who took the cue to take her daughter away.

"Come along little Princess" Dayton said as he went to guide Marie away from the room "Why don't you introduce your bear to your Mr Sphinxy?" he said to Marie.

"Yes uncle!" Marie said as the sounds of her hurried steps disappeared into the distance, the sounds of Dayton's steps a source of comfort.

She watched her daughter being led away before she turned to her aunt "Your guards?" she questioned her aunt.

"By the floo room with your other guards." Her aunt confirmed and Sophia nodded. Even if the President was her aunt, protocol must be followed.

Something she was all too familiar given her own permanent guards of the family though only Dayton was allowed to be alone with Marie.

Whilst they were in little danger in their own home, a home warded personally by her brother and fitted in with some deeply hidden technological security systems that would soundly incapacitate anyone not permitted on site, it was for her own piece of mind to know that there was someone she trusted – to a certain extent – with her daughter at all times.

She dreaded to think of letting her go to school when she got to that age. Marie was by far the most important anything to her.

A serious expression grew on her face as she studied the older woman for a second before asking

"Aunt, what can I do for you?"

Aunt Viola looked her, a discontent expression replacing that barely held together expression that had only moment ago filled with amusement "Not here as your aunt, Senator Sayre" she said in a brusque tone.

Sophia's expression didn't let her surprise show.

She'd taken the Sayre seat amongst the MACUSA Senate when she'd left Britain for America from her Great Uncle Richard who'd been all too pleased to let it go.

The senate was majorly comprised of elected senators but the Twelve Founding Houses, one of which Sayre was part of, curtesy of Isolt Sayre's contributions to the early magical settlements in North America and her founding of one of the Great Schools in the form of Ilvermony, were grandfathered into the Senate with a permanent seat in their 'home regions'.

In the grand scheme of things, with a total of 104 senators, it was not as powerful a seat as their seat was in Magical Britain as their vote counted the same as any other senator but it was a useful tool for gaining influence, influence that had served them well in the past during their rebuilding era after Henry Sayre – Isolt Sayre's brother and their direct ancestor – had brought their family back from the brink.

Just as it served them well now during their more…challenging era.

In any case, her great-grandfather Benedict had passed up on taking it full time, preferring to spend his time travelling the world with Sara visiting and excavating ancient sites of magical civilisations forgotten and lost to the Magical World.

If her aunt was here on official business, then it was serious.

"Then, Madame President…please" Sophia gestured towards the sofas as she spoke respectfully.

As they got settled in, her aunt began, a harsh expression on her face "How does your brother know so much about MACUSA?" she asked, harshly and to the point.

Sophia's eyebrows raised. 'What did he do now?' she wondered.

"What do you mean?" she asked carefully.

Her aunt narrowed her eyes. "I think you know." She said sternly.

She continued "It would be one thing if he knew information that made sense for him to know. Things others within MACUSA might know" her aunt raised her hand to halt Sophia from interjected and levelled a glare at her "I'm well aware of the espionage that happens – that is happening especially by the ICW – so I don't expect your brother to be any different even if he is Morgana knows where" she said before a halting sigh escaped her lips.

"But for him to direct me towards twenty-eight cases of abuse of magical children in the Deep South under the age of eight – children that were never been logged as magical despite the magical nets they were located in – that is far from being something that leaves me comfortable knowing he is capable of without knowing how he is doing it" She said with a cold look in her gaze.

Sophia remained silent for a moment as she processed what her aunt had said.

There were still very few who knew about the technological inheritance that Moira's people left behind for them.

Herself, mother, Emily and of course Atticus were the only people who knew everything. Others knew various degrees but never the full details. The Flamels, the Saunders, Dayton and a few others of Atticus' close circle knew various degrees of the truth but never the full truth.

Just as their family only knew what they were allowed to know.

Grandfather knew some about the advanced technology as he got to know about Moira's origins – just as her Aunt Viola and her cousins knew that she was from an ancient civilisation from space – but none of them knew the extent of the technology.

Moira, before she left with mother on the expedition, had requested that they keep it a secret for as long as possible as her people had known hundreds of examples of alien civilisations, some according to her similar to humanity, that died out because they were not culturally or socially ready for the technological and scientific advancement…often leading to their extinction.

She'd read up on some reports on the excavated ruins in the Ancient Database and was rather eerie to know how many civilisations had ended because of atomic science just as mundanes were at the cusp of reaching that same level of development.

For all she knew magicals were different from mundanes, they really weren't, at least temperament wise.

For that reason, she knew that it was best to limit as much as possible until things were different…even if she hated what she was going to do next.

She trusted her aunt immensely and she owed her much…just as she owed MACUSA.

MACUSA had taken her in like she'd been a long lost relative eager to offer the best room in the house and she'd grown to love the country more than she'd ever cared for Britain and its stuffy atmosphere.

She married Louie as a way to solidify her family's position here in MACUSA…something that had paid off immensely as it brought in the Kōnstantînos and their alliance into their sphere of influence allowing them to rise to new heights politically but…

It was the people who she had come to cherish the most.

It was why she wouldn't do anything to harm the country and she knew that Atticus excluded the country from his more…harmful methods to get things ready to move to a world of their own.

Of course it helped that he admired much of MACUSA's – and the United States – history and formation…and it was obvious to see in the Constitution of Illos.

For all that he changed, he was still a romantic at heart…A nation of people from different backgrounds coming together and sharing the same core principles…of core ideals…

Still…no matter how much he admired things, she knew that he had penchant of sticking his fingers in places they didn't belong. Even if it was for a good cause.

"Atticus…" Sophia began carefully as she eyed her aunt "Atticus' Seeing abilities have…grown, Madam President"

Her aunt scoffed as her eyes closed to near slits "Don't give me that, Sophia" she said as she leaned forward, her eyes unflinching. "I know much about Hyper-Percipience and I know that even the most powerful variant could never See events or people this precisely."

"Unfortunately, Atticus is throwing out much of what we knew about our family ability" Sophia said to her aunt. "You know that Grade Three had never really been documented all that well with the last person claimed to have that strength being thousands of years ago."

Her aunt scowled but said nothing further for a few moments before a flash of uncertainty and concern cut across her face.

It wasn't really surprising to see that. As much as she was their aunt, she was still a leader of a nation and to know that someone could obtain information that precise, even if it was someone you cared for, was troubling.

"Even when your brother has disappeared of the face of the Earth, he is a pain in my…" she stopped and let off a deep sigh.

Sophia watched her aunt carefully

Her aunt might have taken advantage of her links with Atticus and his victory over Grindelwald to get elected some six years ago but her popularity in MACUSA was all down to herself.

Through her, MACUSA had reflected their mundane counterparts spectacularly and had grown to become the most powerful economic magical nation in the world and it was in her administration that the population had more than doubled as refugees, either from the war or from consequences of the revelation that muggleborns were really all squib descendants, had made MACUSA their new homes – which had been done nearly seamlessly as nearly American magicals made them welcome, even housing them in their own homes until they were back on their feet.

Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.

Enchanted figurines of Lady Liberty had become a staple in households during those years, something her aunt had been very clever in taking advantage of as she drew parallels to the early days of American settlement running away from obstinate nobles who turned away good people because they weren't lucky to be born in the right families.

If there was something that could be truly described as American, it was the smugness they revelled in as they rubbed moral victories into the faces of obstinate nobles.

"At least he's warning you of troubling injustices." Sophia tried with a wry smile causing her aunt to bark out a short laugh.

"Oh, I'm sure that's the only reason he's doing it" Her aunt said sarcastically, drawing towards a topic that she knew occupied her aunt's mind more often than she'd like.

Sophia let off a mild shrug as she give a light smile at her aunt. Her aunt knew of Illos though she'd never been…yet.

Aunt Viola had more than once said to her that she wished that he would come back to Magical World only when her second term had ended and it was far from said in jest.

Whilst MACUSA held Atticus as a hero, a hero treated unjustly as he tried to bring about equality to an unequal Magical Britain and Europe, he was hardly someone MACUSA would blindly follow.

As much as the ICW liked to profess differently and claim that her aunt's relation to Atticus was why MACUSA left the ICW, it was truly because of the horrific casualties MACUSA had taken as a consequence of the war, a war that many in MACUSA had seen as a war that was heavily mismanaged by the ICW and the European Ministries.

As such people recognised his contributions, actions that aided or affected MACUSA positively in a long line of other Sayres doing the same, but it would not mean he could capitalise on that to more than a reasonable extent.

Not even Merlin himself could.

Still, her aunt was rather worried about the international political quagmire Atticus would bring to MACUSA once he brought Illos into the open.

The ICW had firmly established themselves as opponents to Atticus – and the rest of their family – and inevitably MACUSA would find itself drawn into the conflict that the ICW would instigate.

"In any case, if you happened to speak to your brother soon, let him know that MACUSA does not appreciate the violations of its domestic security" she said with narrowed eyes before she lost the expression "I might just set the DDMR against him to figure out a way to block his Sight" she said as she looked at Sophia "If it is his sight anyway."

"If you figure out a way to do it, let me know" she said half serious with raised eyebrows. Even if Atticus didn't know about those poor children via his Sight, his Seeing abilities really had cranked up to ridiculous standards. It honestly was terrifying that such abilities existed even if it belonged their family.

How do you even fight someone who knows what you'll do days, months, years before you do it?

"You have no idea how annoying it can be when he sends a congratulatory letter for something that hasn't yet happened yet" she said exasperated.

"What?" Her aunt said a little flummoxed.

"Atticus sent Marie a congratulations letter for passing her Latin test…four days before she took it." Sophia said in a deadpan expression. "A test that literally no one but myself and the tutor would know about as it was meant to be a small surprise test to see how she was getting on."

Her aunt shook her head before she stopped and spied a look at Sophia "And?" she prompted.

Sophia sighed and gave her aunt a weary exasperated look and nodded "She did pass. With flying colours." She said with a hint of a smile.

Her aunt's face went through a number of expressions, some that seemed like she was quite disturbed and she got to find out why when she asked "How often do you think he sees embarrassing moments?"

Her eyebrows raised before she looked at her aunt disturbed and disappointed "Why? Why would you even put that contemplation into my head?"

Her aunt flashed a mirthful look and soon the direction of the conversation went towards gossiping and far more disturbing things than she liked to think about but it eased away from the tense topic.

They talked for nearly an hour afterwards, from Marie and about her cousins Sara and Odette and what they were doing and more.

One thing was for sure though…Dayton had mentioned that Atticus wished to speak to her soon and she'd talk to him…

The least he could do for their aunt with how much she's done for the family is to at least wait a few more years.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

10th​ of November 1952

Ryan Smith-Rowe POV

He stood straight with his arms hanging loose, his eyes fixed as the next individual walked up to the Swearing Stone, a large round stone that lay on a dais on a podium in front of a packed crowd as nearly everyone from Illos came to watch the ceremony of the first elected Representatives of Illos.

His fellow Representative placed his hand on the stone which glowed slightly and began to speak the oath

"I, Harold Filch, solemnly swear upon my magic that I will support and defend the constitution of Illos against all enemies, foreign and domestic, that I will discharge the responsibility required of me by virtue of my membership of the Council of Representatives as so demanded by those whom I serve to faithfully represent and as so decreed and permitted by the Lord and Lady of Illos, Rightful Guardians of Illos, the realm to which I bear solemn allegiance to.

This So I Swear!"

Filch glowed slightly as he completed his oath and the crowd gave a warm applause as Filch walked away to join the others who'd sworn before him.

The next one stepped up and began the same ceremony.

Not long after it was his turn.

As he swore the oath all other Representatives had done, he reflected on the words that he spoke, the words that he had bound himself magically too.

It was a strange mix in truth, one that borrowed heavily from several other oaths of allegiances and oaths of offices. A mix that was almost contradictory in ways…one that swore to uphold the Constitution, to serve the people and at the same time to remind Representatives that they serve the people by the grace and will of Lord and Lady Sayre.

The constitution was written – and he applauded whomever had worked on that masterpiece – just as contradictory but one that burned into the minds of all those who had read it that Illos, above all else, belonged to all those who espoused its values.

Values of meritocracy, of hard work, of academia, of ingenuity and above all else, of a shared destiny.

A destiny that espoused common good and care, to be guided by the reaching hands of Lord and Lady Sayre, hands that ensured that their grip on what they had built would never slip, but a shared destiny nonetheless.

He wasn't ignorant or unobservant enough in the fact that the governmental system was built to check the powers of individuals and ultimately ensure that the right of intervention in domestic matters remained in the hands of the Lord and Lady of Illos, a way of power that resembled the constitutional monarchy of Britain yet at the same time not as limited or artificial, and he wasn't sure how to feel about it.

Illos was their creation, and, just as any tenant or landowner, they were entitled to protect their home and establish rules that ensured their rights but at the same time…

It left him uneasy that the power of office was limited by people who were unelected, people who were nobles…even if they were more like monarchs than they were nobles.

He shook his head as he walked towards the others as he completed his oath, his eyes trailing across the faces of his fellow Representatives.

No matter.

He had more pressing issues to concern himself with at present…

His expression shifted into mild neutrality as he mentally recalled what he knew of the other Representatives.

Yes…he had more pressing issues to concern himself about…such as winning the right to be the first Chief Representative.

Twelve days later….

"He will see you now" Pierce said calmly as she looked at him with her hands behind her back.

He stood up from his seat, feeling more nervous than he'd like, and made it through the door

He walked through the door and breathed in deeply.

It's been twelve days since the elections, six since he was voted in as the first Chief Representative of the Representative Council and four days since he was Oath-Sworn into the office of Chief Representative.

It hadn't been easy to convince the other Representatives to give up the prestige and power of becoming the first Chief Representative but he had done it.

His face contorted slightly in distaste.

He had to promise some things that he wasn't too happy promising but none of it was detrimental either to himself or to the public.

Still…

It was rather jarring to see the men and women wilt under the weight of their ambitions and desires.

Perhaps he shouldn't have expected so, after all…

Even if most of these people had never before held a political position before, with the exception of purebloods like Filch who'd worked at the Ministry for a time, people were rather simple when it came to power.

Just because Illos valued different things did not mean people who'd come from places like Britain would so easily get rid of their habits and what they knew.

Illos may have been founded on different principles, principles that everyone he knew cherished and equally valued but it would not be enough to dissuade people of their vices and politicians…

Well, it took a certain kind of person to become a successful politician no matter if their motivations, their politics or their sense of integrity was different.

They were all deeply ambitious.

Even himself.

His own motivations may be different but ultimately they were all alike. He would not lie to himself about that.

Their oaths would not punish them from achieving their ambitions and desires as long as it did not conflict with the spirit and understanding of the oaths.

Oaths that he foresaw would be tested over the years and in truth he was intensely curious to see the public ramifications of breaking the oaths.

The punishments would not strip people of their magic nor would it cost them their lives but they would be branded as Oath-breakers on their forehead, a marking that would not be removed until the oath breaker had repented and paid penance to the society he betrayed.

Oath breakers were viewed harshly in the magical world, much harsher than in the mundane world. It was a damning sign of a person's untrustworthiness and dubious character and when even magic, something that judges impartially, damns you as an oath breaker, it is enough to ostracise and maybe even persecute said oath breaker.

It was an ingenious way of dealing with the creeping nature of corruption in truth and he had to tip his hat to whomever came up with it.

Death and loss of magic could have created a martyr but someone marked as a traitor to society forced to vividly live in that society he betrayed with an unavoidable reminding sign of his crimes?

Well, it was certainly something that no one would want to experience, not even the most avarice of people.

Given some of the disposition of his fellow Representatives, he could see at least one testing the limits of the Oath. Though Filch was rather a clever man so he may not be lucky enough to see Filch remove himself from power.

Power and influence that was growing if he manages to convince some of the Representatives of his ideals.

He expected groups to form among the present few Representatives but not as fast as Filch seemed to move. Groups that eventually would become parties, parties that shared the same ideals, the same goals.

Parties that would be on different sides of the political spectrum.

He'd have to makes sure that he was involved even if he was expected to be a mediator between the growing groups.

As he walked in deeper into the office, his eyes widened as he caught a glimpse.

He stared at the ceiling and faltered in his steps.

Lord Sayre's life was well documented, everyone knew every little bit of his life, his years at Hogwarts, the tragedy that befell his family, the war he won and what ultimately led them all here.

The sight of the naked universe, the stars, the galaxies and the beautiful yet distant colours of nebula, surprised him though perhaps it should not have, he pondered, as enchantment hung atop the surface of the ceiling stared back at him.

It was well known that Lord Sayre had a deep fascination with space and the stars.

If he recalled correctly, this was the, or at least the newer version of the 'The Night Sky' enchantment, one of Lord Sayre's first creations.

He had not seen the first iteration at Hogwarts – it was after his time – but he had seen a much larger variant at the Observatory at one of the peaks of Mount Celestis.

It was an amazing Observatory, one that could zoom in into distant stars and even be capable of capturing silhouettes of the planets that orbited those stars.

He had kept several images of the planets that orbited different stars of the triple star system Alpha Centauri, striking images that sparked the imagination about the wonders of the universe.

It was a marvel, a truly wondrous creation, entirely made with magic, and he knew that many Pandrosion students were inspired by what they saw and it reflected in the high percentage of students that chose Physics, Arithmancy and Astronomy in their electives.

It helped that it was also a good career path with how the Offices of Magical Innovation and Technology were famously invested in 'cracking the secrets of the universe', something that Lord Sayre had bid them to do.

"Mr Smith-Rowe" he heard and he snapped back into to reality and the realisation he'd ignored the very man he'd come to see as he turned to him.

"M-my" Ryan cleared his throat and tried again "My Lord" he said with a deep bow.

He might only be what had once before might have been called a second generation half blood from an unimportant family, but he was well aware of etiquette, especially before someone who might not bear the title but was, for all intents and purposes, king.

He stood back up straight again and saw Lord Sayre staring at him with a mild smile on his face before his eyes flickered towards the ceiling.

"Don't feel too embarrassed. I often get distracted myself once in a while." He said as he stared at the ceiling enchantment, a certain hint of something passing in his eyes, something he couldn't quite identify. "They have a kind of draw to them, don't they?" he said with a soft inflection in his voice and Ryan was unsure what to make of it or how to react.

He'd heard that Lord Sayre was a…unusual person to speak with but someone who could speak of anything and everything and probably knew more than you do on your subject of expertise too.

That was most he could really draw on, the words of acquaintances and people he at times worked with as he collaborated with some of the Offices given his nature as a Chemist which didn't overlap much what Lord Sayre is known to be heavily involved in.

That meant he had not met Lord Sayre all that often.

Something that was a bit of a weakness at present.

He looked back at Ryan, his smile curling ever so slightly at the edges of his mouth "Jen sometimes has set off a mild explosion to get my attention back again." Lord Sayre said with a hint of humour in his voice but before Ryan could say anything, Lord Sayre's expression changed and the humour fell away as if it had never been there.

Ryan unconsciously stood straighter at the change. One thing that was made clear to him though…

Lord Sayre was sharp, sharper than you would have thought possible, no matter how…unusual he could be.

"Please." Lord Sayre said as he gestured towards the seat across from where he was seated, behind a wide desk that had an ancient look to it.

Probably was as ancient as it looked, he thought.

He traipsed his eyes across the desk, a desk with piles of paper work and several Holo-Tabs lain across it.

"Congratulations on your elevation to Chief Representative, Mr Smith-Rowe" Lord Sayre in a congratulatory nod.

Ryan smiled slightly "Thank you, my Lord. It's an honour to serve the people and to be elected among my peers as the first Chief Representative of Illos" he said, hints of pride creeping in his voice.

It hadn't been easy to convince the other Representatives to choose him and he knew that the next time in seven years would be even harder but for now, he could breathe a little easier.

"It no doubt is." Lord Sayre said with a nod. "Have you selected your advisors yet?" Lord Sayre asked curiously.

"For the most part." Ryan confirmed. He'd chosen his advisors now, a spread of senior individuals from the Offices that the Overseers recommended to him along with a few from the High Council Departments that came recommended to him.

For now, anyway. Later he'd chose people who proved loyal to him.

The system of governance was different from what he knew most other governments to be like, in both worlds. His role as Chief Representative was not as Head of State, no that belong Lord Sayre and Lady Sayre-Slytherin.

The Chief Representative was the Head of the legislative branch of the State.

The Legislative branch consisted primarily of legislative functions of State, that is submission and ratifications of laws in compliance with the Constitution but also was responsible for setting directives and inquiries for the Offices of Responsibilities.

For example, the Representative Council could set directives to the Office of Agriculture to alter the current percentages of produce in order to maximise yield of profitable foodstuffs but it could be refused by the Overseer if said Overseer saw it to be impacting Illos negatively…at least that would be the reason publically.

Thankfully though there were procedures in place to override that refusal by lodging a protest to an independent Council of Judicial Arbitration that was part of the State Department who had presently Silas Merek as its Director who liaised with the Overseers of several Offices, including the Justice Office.

They would be able to overturn that refusal pending an investigation.

Similarly, the control of the budget of Illos was rather more complicated.

The national budget was controlled by the Director of the Treasury, Eldric Carson but as Chief Representative he had the authority to dictate how use that budget as he saw fit – within a certain limits.

Limits that primarily involved the Offices who'd take the vast majority of that budget and with whom he'd have to work with in order to set their budgets.

"Good." Lord Sayre said before hints of contemplation covered his expression as he seemed to study Ryan.

Several minutes passed without anyone speaking and it was growing to be unsettling.

"Lord Sayre…" Ryan began, slightly hesitant.

"Do you know why Emily and I formed this method of governance?" Lord Sayre spoke up, cutting off his question as why exactly he was here given that he'd already met the man in an official capacity – and the rest of the High Council – during the swearing in into his role as Chief Representative.

The question startled him but he didn't let it show.

Ryan had ideas, well-educated ideas to be sure but nothing concrete. He did not know the man personally to know his character.

But he knew what the man championed for, meritocracy, competence and equality but his very position and even the High Council itself was in direct violation of the ideas he had championed.

Perhaps the members of the High Council were competent, perhaps they did deserve their positions but ultimately, they were selected by Lord and Lady Sayre.

"I don't" Ryan confessed, not quite telling the truth.

Lord Sayre smiled and almost seemed indulgent.

"Institutions…" Lord Sayre began, his words seemed to slip from his lips like driftwood on a calm river stream, his calm voice making Ryan pay utmost attention.

"Institutions are what make or break a nation…a people." Lord Sayre said, his eyes now boring into Ryan.

"Ideals and laws are not enough…you must have the institutional framework and the right social attitudes to allow laws and societal cohesion to work." Lord Sayre leaned forward, his hands placed on the desk like a heavy anchor as his eyes shone with an intensity that froze Ryan in his seat.

"At present, people trust those institutions. They trust in a fair legal system, in a fair and helpful policing institution" Lord Sayre drew himself up in a way almost made him seem as if he was towering over Ryan.

"They trust that the institutions of Illos are for the benefit of the people as a whole." Lord Sayre said with a tone of finality, words that carried a crackling truth.

It was true, after all. The people had unwavering trust in Illos, an optimism and a sense of responsibility that he had rarely encountered in Britain…everyone had bought into realising Illos and its promises into reality.

"Are you concerned that this may no longer be the case with my election and final selection as Chief Representative?" Ryan asked as he recomposed himself, his eyes meeting the gaze of Lord Sayre.

He felt a sense of unease, perhaps even a tinge of guilt for what he had promised to some of the more cut throat Representatives to get his position.

He wondered…

Did he know?

Lord Sayre sat back in his gaze, his gaze not breaking with Ryan's own as he remained silent for a moment.

"Yes." Lord Sayre said after a moment and Ryan felt his stomach drop.

"Why?" Ryan asked, his voice held a creeping hints of dismay and deep unsettling unease, something that startled him.

Lord Sayre broke away from Ryan's gaze and stared towards the window where Mount Celestis loomed over the city.

After several moments, he spoke again. "Do you know why citizens of mundane Scandinavian nations such as Denmark or Norway trust their government the most and have the societal and cultural practices that value and place highest importance on a common good?" Lord Sayre asked as he peered out of the window.

"No." Ryan said, his voice level as he tried to keep a sense of irritation out of his voice by the evasion of his question as why Lord Sayre believed they…he would lose the trust of the people.

"Geography, conflict, religion and institutions." Lord Sayre simply said as he looked back to Ryan.

"These Scandinavian peoples were communities that experienced harsh winters, harsh winters that necessitated the formation of traditions of communities working together for a common good, to survive winter, and from those traditions, they developed societal attitudes that good times as an opportunity to prepare for the bad times." Lord Sayre waved his hand in an unconcerned fashion as he continued

"Not just individuals but also as communities. As time passed, through the storage of supplies, common economic institutions were established by the peasantry that were run by the peasantry." Lord Sayre smiled thinly, his eyes were radiant and the green flecks in his eyes were aglow in a sea of purple like the stars that draped the ceiling above.

"These communities started to create communal institutions for the wider benefit of their society, run by them and trusted by them." Lord Sayre said as he paused for a moment as he tapped on the desk with his index finger.

"Of course, harsh winters are not something that is unique to these Scandinavian peoples. In Russia, in the lands near the Black Sea and so on, the criterion of harsh winters is also met but what prevented those peasantries from developing similar medieval practices was access to the sea and the institutions kept in place by absolute monarchies and powerful aristocrats who were able to completely exploit the peasantry as much as they could without limitations or restrictions.

Whereas the Scandinavian peoples, through access to the sea, were granted the opportunity to trade unencumbered from the looming and restrictive presence of the nobility that levied high taxation on goods through tolls and other means.

They became traders and merchants, developing means of gathering wealth unimpeded by aristocrats and through traditions, through communal social attitudes, they developed institutions that were free from the socially suffocating restrictions that would have otherwise been placed on them by the aristocracy. The nature of the Baltic Sea made such policing and restrictions impossible in the medieval era.

In Britain, the peasantry was unable to grow wealthier as the aristocracy were able to maintain control over the shorelines and just as mainland Europe, aristocrats were able to restrict trade and required heavy tolls to use roads or river systems." Lord Sayre paused in his historical accounts, his hand lay flat on the desk as he sent a penetrative gaze towards him.

"Complete economic power had lain with the aristocracies." Lord Sayre said and Ryan moved to interject but Lord Sayre raised his hand, preventing Ryan from speaking up.

"I understand that this may be long winded but you will understand" Lord Sayre said, his gaze unflinching.

Ryan swallowed and nodded, signalling Lord Sayre to continue.

"As centuries rolled over, whilst the peoples of Europe waged war against each other – in major part due to the power and interests of the aristocracies and in part due to religious unrest – and peasants struggled to obtain rights and privileges, in Denmark, much of that had passed it by. While in most of Europe it took until the industrial revolution for the peasantry to gain some economic power, it happened centuries earlier in Denmark and it was centuries earlier that the Danish peasantry gained political power as well.

Through religious doctrines of Lutheranism, one that demanded that people to be literate in order to read the bible, the rates of literacy exploded in the peasantry and they, in turn, along with a centuries long established interest in the common good of society, developed into a well organised, well educated social class that started to act more assertively and demand more political rights and powers.

They became more enfranchised – in part thanks to the political struggles between the aristocracy and the king – and began to shape what Denmark is today; a developmental democracy.

They retained strong communal bonds despite the industrial revolution because of this long history of communal good that allowed them to prosper when all other peasants were little more than cattle for the aristocracy.

They set the standards of the wider norm of society and their institutions reflected the societal attitude of common care and service, their society solidifying on the idea that it was inherent to them to look after each other, to care for each other…and in turn…they are countries whereby equality is the strongest, the average person wealthier than the average person in the strongest economies in the world and, of course, far more pleasant to live in no matter what social class you are in." Lord Sayre paused momentarily, the words he spoke in strong passion simmered to a quiet but intense tone

"A powerful aristocracy can cause major damage to the state, perhaps even destroy it if they feel powerless, if they feel their privileges are not as extensive as their wealth supposedly demands it should be.

They would destroy their own country if it benefitted them.

Mundane Denmark and Norway are not the norm, especially in our world. Many of the Ministries around the world are inherently contrary to what these mundane nations have formed…

Institutions that ensure social insurance and social responsibility that combine to form a state that exists to serve and work together to improve society, that finds problems for the state to solve rather than let unknown problems to fester and grow.

They worked actively to prevent social inequalities from arising and that otherwise would have driven a wedge between the communal bonds that centuries of time and effort has established." Lord Sayre paused, leaning back in his chair as he maintained eye contact.

"Laws and institutions are not enough." He said firmly, his eyes almost narrowing.

"Institutions once established, by those who established it or work within them have an invested interest in preserving said institution however it may be the fairest, the most just institution in the world but it may mean nothing if political structures that ensure and grant liberties can be readily hijacked by those work within and without those structures and abuse those institutions and those liberties to undermine the liberties of others." Lord Sayre paused momentarily, his eyes softening ever so slightly.

"Liberties are far more fragile than you might think. Just as aristocrats can and likely will undermine the state and the good of the people, so too can wealthy businessmen and politicians who seek to use the system to enrich themselves, to empower themselves or limit political and economic inclusivity to an exclusive elite." Lord Sayre paused briefly, his expression showing no emotion as he spoke once more

"The core principles of a people, of societal attitude is just as key what is formed as law. If a people believe in a shared common good, like those Danish peasants who became a literate and economic social class of their own right over centuries of development, or like the people of Illos who are becoming a new form of social class unseen in most magical society, then what is enshrined in law will only be enhanced and succeed to work…

However, none of that will be possible if the people who are chosen to represent them do so without the right principles and social attitudes, social attitudes that emphasise and exalt common good and common care as is so expected of them and pervades throughout society…

Social attitudes that must pervade at the top as well as at the bottom otherwise…cracks will form in the bedrock of the state…" Lord Sayre's voice trailed off to a crushing calm.

"…Do you understand the importance of your position?" Lord Sayre asked, his calm voice not once wavering.

Ryan closed his eyes momentarily.

"…I see." Ryan said after swallowing harshly. "You know what I have promised to Filch."

He'd promised Filch to push through approvals for his Grocery Company to obtain the rights to sell any produce made by the Office of Agriculture.

At present, people who owned their plots of vertical farms had their own little shops that sold their produce whereas his idea would allow Filch to purchase all produce and have it sold in one central location.

At present there is concerns about impact to the business of small farm owners which is causing a delay in granting an approval…something he promised to step past to get him his approvals.

Lord Sayre only smiled thinly and his eyes were cold. "I will not interfere with how you deal with the Representatives. That is not within my jurisdiction nor has it breached any of the established laws."

Lord Sayre leaned forward, his eyes glimmering like frozen embers of emerald and violet ice "However…" he whispered, his deathly tone caused Ryan's heart to skip a beat.

"It is a slippery slope, Mr Smith-Rowe. Avarice is a nasty trait to encourage even for a minor matter. Today it is pressuring Offices to push through approvals for matters that are outside of your jurisdiction and tomorrow it could be something worse that would heavily weaken the authority of the Councils or the Offices and breach the trust of the people." Lord Sayre cold expression melted away as he leaned back, his unblinking eyes remained steadfastly onto his own.

"Emily and I have chosen this method of governance because of the flaws that power inspires in people. We created comprehensive checks and balances and ensured our own legal power within the state for emergency purposes all that what we have spent on Illos never deviates away from the greatness it can achieve." Lord Sayre sighed as he picked up a Holo-Tab and broke away his gaze from him.

"There is a reason why corruption is considered to be creeping, Mr Smith-Rowe and the reason why I believe you will break the trust of the people is because you have already shown that you are willing to compromise on the integrity of your office before you had even taken it." Lord Sayre said as he looked down at his table.

"But I ca-"

"You may go." Lord Sayre's voice was cold as he interrupted him. Lord Sayre looked up from his tablet, his expression was neutral but his eyes startled him. They showed a bottomless fury that made him swallow harshly and made him comply.

Lord Sayre fury ridden eyes vanished and a blank expression settled on his face before he looked down at his Holo-Tab.

Ryan felt his face heat up.

Out of shame and out of anger. Anger at himself and anger at Sayre.

Shame for his actions…

He turned on his heel and began to walk towards the door.

No, he practically screamed in his mind as he came to a half turned around, anger burbling in his chest.

"I understand that what I did was wrong, that I should have refused to even entertain what Filch demanded of me but I am not betraying the ideals of Illos nor will I ever." Ryan scowled out as he clenched his fists.

Lord Sayre placed the Holo-Tab down on the table and met his gaze with an impassive expression.

Ryan continued "What you say is true, that it is a slippery slope that could lead to anarchy, that could lead to the loss of trust of the public, that it could mean the end of what Illos promises to be!" Ryan said impassioned, his voice regretful as his hands shook in anger and his eyes closing for a single second as he levelled himself.

He reopened them "And I realise that now, the truth of what my actions could set precedents for and I vow to uphold the integrity, the honour and the duty that my office requires of me." He walked forward, his eyes brimming with determination.

"I will guard society against the avaricious, against the corrupt, oppressing influence of wealth and against the morally bankrupt. I understand now that is what is required of me, what is needed from me and I will not sway from that position again. I promise you that!" Ryan nearly growled out and his eyes widened as he remembered who he was speaking to.

Ryan took a step back "M-my" he cleared his throat "My apologies my Lord. I let my anger influence me." He said as he bowed his head.

Lord Sayre said nothing for a few moments, causing his nerves to rise.

"Good." Lord Sayre finally said and Ryan's head snapped towards him.

Lord Sayre had a small smile on his face. "We all make mistakes, Mr Smith-Rowe. We all at times can take the wrong choice, not even I am immune from such a thing. However…" Lord Sayre leaned forward, his eyes aglow

"What makes us different, what makes us great, is our willingness to learn and to not make the same mistake again. That is what will be our greatest strength Mr Smith-Rowe. From learning from a bad moral choice, to a bad economic decision, to a bad investment of time and money into a magical or technological idea." Lord Sayre sat back in his chair again, his glowing eyes dimming slightly.

"I will hold you to your promise, Mr Smith-Rowe." Lord Sayre finished.

"As will I to myself and to the public, my Lord" Ryan said with a nod.

Lord Sayre gave a tiny nod. A Holo-Tab began to rise from the table and floated towards him.

Ryan's eyes widened for a moment. He'd known that Lord Sayre was capable of wandless magic but he hadn't realised he could do it without any gestures!

He resisted the urge to swallow.

'This was the man who I was practically shouting at' he thought to himself as he picked the Holo-Tab from the air and began to read it.

His eyes almost jumped out of his eye-sockets.

"It is time for people to own their own homes in Illos." Lord Sayre said as Ryan looked up from the Holo-Tab.

No one owned land in Illos and he knew that many wanted that to change. It wasn't an issue yet but he could easily see it becoming one.

'Did he foresee that?' Ryan wondered.

He knew of the legendary Seeing capabilities of their Lord but he had trouble understanding it.

He looked down again and began reading more of it.

"This…" Ryan tried as he processed it.

The document specified the condition of sales of occupied homes to the present tenants along with future condition of sales of plots of land outside of Illos.

The sale prices were affordable, the conditions of which homes could be sold were reasonable…

"You'll have to establish inheritance laws before I sign that document" Lord Sayre spoke up, breaking his reading of the document.

Ryan blinked a few times "Yes." He said as he shook his head slightly "Inheritance laws, property laws, maintenance laws…" he said as he thought of all the things that would have to be established.

The laws on property and land were incredibly vague as far as he could tell from his initial readings of the concise Representative self-updating Guidebook – readings that everyone who ran for office had to read – which was on purpose he now realised.

He turned to Lord Sayre "Why?" he asked simply. He had not expected the history lesson nor the chastisement let alone this.

"You need several victories under your belt in order to establish yourself…and of the importance of integrity of your office." Lord Sayre said calmly as he intertwined his hands.

"You have shown yourself to be someone who promises to be worthy of your office and this…this will enable you to become what you promise you'll do and uphold, be what every Chief Representative after you should aspire to be like." Lord Sayre smiled slightly.

Ryan laughed loudly as he shook his head.

Merlin…

He peered at the man, silently studying him for a moment.

"I think I understand now." He finally said to Lord Sayre who tilted his head inquisitively.

Ryan bowed his head.

"Thank you my Lord for setting me straight and for giving me the opportunity to do right by Illos." He said.

"It was my pleasure." Lord Sayre said and Ryan straightened before he twisted on his heels and walked out of the office with Holo-Tab in his hand.

Yes…

He understood now.

Why Lord Sayre was needed.

Illos needed a guardian and Lord Sayre was the man for it.

A defender of the people, a defender of the health of the society.

He chuckled softly to himself as he reached the elevator.

He really was more than just a noble, wasn't he?

"King Sayre…" he whispered to himself. It didn't sound as ridiculous as it had once before, his mind replaying what had just happened again and again.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

10th​ of November 1952

Jason Harrison POV

Jason apparated in at the edge of Godric's Hollow and walked towards the Crying Castle pub.

As he entered the pub, he briefly exchanged a few pleasantries with a few men he recognised before heading down towards the far end of the pub, towards the stairs that led down to the backroom meeting room.

He nodded towards the lookouts who stood by the door and was allowed in when they checked him with standard identifying charms.

He looked around and saw about half dozen people, all of whom he recognised except for two. He narrowed his gaze at them.

Their robes were robes of good quality, the kind of robes that purebloods wore.

"Jason." Michael Carmichael called out, snapping him out of his thoughts. He met the gaze of the man who gave him an approving nod as he gestured him forth, towards two unknown men.

"These are Samael Danton and Beli Allord…representatives from the Order of the Phoenix."

"Order of the Phoenix?" Jason asked inquisitively.

"Yes. We chose it because it is fitting. Rebirthing a corrupt ministry into a fair from new beginnings." Samael said with a shrug before a grin plastered across his face though there was something in Samael's eyes that sent shivers down Jason's spine.

It was almost as if there was a kind of…hateful vacancy there. He was snapped out of it as the man continued, that vacancy having lost its glare.

"Helps with the recruiting too. Phoenixes are Light creatures too so it gives a positive idea."

"Your names…" Jason began, his eyes flickering towards their clothes.

"We are mostly half bloods and a sizeable number are purebloods" Beli confirmed as he gave Jason a hard look "Muggleborns aren't the only ones that suffering under an oppressive and incompetent regime."

Before Jason could interject, Michael intervened "Now that we all here, shall we move onto more pressing matters?"

Jason bit back a retorted and nodded firmly and the other two agreed.

The meeting went on for several hours, disagreements had almost escalated to conflict but reason had somehow managed to win to out and as the meeting ended, he was left with Michael.

"Michael…" he began before he reached for a full glass of Jack Daniels and drank it on one go, his face contorting slightly before he met the gaze of his leader.

Jason had risen through the ranks of the Movement with his swift ideas to garner support from the public eventually leading to him being considered a leading voice in the Movement he'd only recently joined.

"I don't like them." He said flatly, his gaze boring into Michael.

Michael sighed "I don't either." He said with a thin smile "But they have at least thirty people in their group and if they are to be believed, that number is actually only half." Michael swept his hand lazily towards the empty room.

"We have only forty people and most of them are not prepared to fight for the cause." Michael turned to him, his eyes hard. "Not like they are."

"There is fighting for the cause…and then there is fighting for the cause." Jason said meaningfully.

"They are bloodthirsty Michael." He said with a sigh as he looked away from Michael and towards the rather plain portrait which contained a hilly landscape. "We might just endanger everything we're trying to fight for."

Michael said nothing for a moment. "What other choice do we have?" Michael said quietly though the hint of bitterness was not hard to miss.

Jason turned to him and saw Michael staring at his glass.

"We are still, at best, second class citizens that have no real right of representation, no real right to purchase homes in wizarding villages, whatever inheritance we might have is not safe from the Ministry, we can be killed at a whim by purebloods who the Ministry will bend over backwards to give little more than a slap on the wrist." Michael turned to him, a cold angry sheen covering his eyes.

"No…the only thing these people understand is violence." Michael downed his drink before he placed the empty glass hard onto the table and got up "And it is high time that we make them understand that we can be just as violent, just as determined to get our way as they are."

"We might not have been alone with our friends in the real government aiding us with supplies but with the Order of the Phoenix…" he turned to Jason, sparing one last look as he held onto the knob of the door.

"We can truly change things for the better." He turned away from Jason "We simply have to fight for it."

Michael left the room and Jason slumped into his chair, his eyes staring at the ceiling.

"Aye…perhaps you're right." Jason whispered quietly to himself.

Muggleborns were leaving right left and centre to go to the United States which was reported to be everything Britain should be.

As much as what some people were doing, like that Slytherin woman with her initiatives in Hogsmeade or those progressives, it did not deal with the heart of the issue.

He leaned forward, placing his hands on his thighs as he paused for a moment before getting up, letting off a soft sigh as he stood up.

The lack of true equality.

It seemed like blood, sweat and tears were needed to be shed to obtain it.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

2nd​ of November 1952
International Magical Press


EXECUTION OF JACK COULSON IS THE BEGINNING OF TYRANNY CLAIMS LEADER OF ISONOMIAN MOVEMENT
By: Barnabus Cuffe

Just days after the execution of Jack Coulson, the former head of the now dead Ancient House Eymer, outcry has sparked all across the British Isles and has been condemned by several Ministries around the world, including the Irish Minister of Magic Moran who had this to say

"Instead of coming together during a difficult few years, the British Ministry is all the keener on polarising society, perhaps even doing so implacably. I urge Minister Lowe to reconsider his current path" Minister Moran comments come after…

[…] Whilst the Isonomian leader Michael Enoch, said "This is the last draw. Jack Coulson was a victim of a systemic attack against all those that they consider to be lesser than they are! This is not about being a squib descendant, this is not about being a half blood or even a pureblood, no, this is all about taking what they think belongs to them which they believe to be everything! I say enough and I know that many of the good folk of the Isles in these difficult times believe that to be the same as well!"

Fiery words from an impassioned man and they are words that may cause significant penalty, perhaps even the same sentencing that got Mr Jack Coulson sent through the Veil.

"Someone has to step up and say enough is enough. No one else is doing that in the Wizengamot chambers! Even the so called Progressives are doing nothing but letting the Ministry and the Traditionalist run roughshot over the country! No, if the Ministry wants to shut me up on some bogus treason charges for calling them out on their racist, discriminatory policies against those who aren't 'pure enough' even when it is proven that muggles can't have magic then by all means, they can try!"

...

These are concerning words but are they concerning words of a concerned yet determined man or words that unnecessary and serve to fuel the growing unrest?

Stay tuned for more breaking news!


12th​ of November 1952
Daily Prophet

DIAGON ALLEY PROTEST! DOZEN ARRESTED!
By: Rupert Scrimgeour

In what Minister Lowe hails as 'excellent policing by a strong Auror force', a series of arrests have been made during a scandalous protest that disrupted law abiding citizens from shopping peacefully yesterday afternoon…


26th​ of November 1952
International Magical Press

SEVERAL INJURED IN 'BRAWL' BETWEEN AURORS AND 'PEACEFUL PROTESTORS'
By: Hubert Higgins

As the nation is rocked by nearly a month of protests against the current administrations, matters escalated on the 26th​ of November as messy duels broke out between the Aurors and the protestors resulting in at least five injured innocent bystanders.

One shopkeeper who prefers to keep his name out of the papers had this to say "They were behaving well. They hardly disrupted the quiet high street on this morning. They were mainly chanting and had signs up to protest against a, well pardon my French, a rather ineffective and harsh Ministry!

Pah! The way those Aurors just came swooping down on those protestors wasn't right, I tell you. They just apparated in and fired against the protestors without warning!

I'm not happy about the way those Aurors behaved, especially once they stunned those poor folk and dragged them away. Seems to me there might be some truth in what they saying!"

This latest incident returns us to the questions that were raised several years ago about the status of the Auror Department and whether the cuts in personnel has led to a loss of experienced aurors who could have deal with matters better…


30th​ of November 1952
International Magical Press

THE MINISTRY IS UNABLE TO FIX DISASTROUS ISSUES SAYS LORD LESTRANGE
By: Jules Jebbins

In what seems to be an escalation of disquieting proportions, the once protests have begun to turn into what seems to be a growing storm of unrest as Aurors led dozens of raids in the past two weeks leading to over sixty individuals to be arrested including several prominent members of society such as Potion Master Angelus Eibon who has been charged for 'aiding and abetting a rebellious organisation known as the Order of the Phoenix'!

Lord Lestrange had this to say "The Ministry is only escalating the situation when it should have been de-escalating it. It's handling the situation poorly and it is just reflective of its current predicament."

Over sixty individuals were arrested in…


11th​ of December 1952
Daily Prophet

MINSTER LOWE ASKS FOR PATIENCE, CLAIMS FORMER LORD SAYRE HAS DONE MUCH DAMAGE TO FIX IN SHORT TERM

By: Rupert Scrimgeour

Last night, Minister Lowe held a press conference and had this to say "The issues that has gripped our society has deep roots, roots that Mr Sayre has inflicted on this proud nation. I can understand people are unhappy with the current state of affairs but the damage done will take time to solve and it does not help for people to unlawfully cause havoc on the nation with these riots which is worsening the economy.

I implore people to come to the Auror Department with any information about these miscreants and I ask for your patience. We will get through this." Minister Lowe

This comes after…


18th​ of December 1952
International Magical Press

IS THE MINISTRY USING THE EXILED LORD SAYRE AS AN EXCUSE TO COVER UP THEIR INCOMPETENCE? RESPECTED MERCHANTS SEEM TO THINK SO
By: Hubert Higgins


22nd​ of December 1952
International Magical Press

MINISTER LOWE SETS CURFEW AND BANS GATHERINGS – IS THE MINISTRY OVERREACHING?
By: Jules Jebbins


25th​ of December 1952
Daily Prophet

LORD LONGBOTTOM CLAIMS THE MINISTRY IS ONCE AGAIN MAKING THE WRONG DECISIONS AS HE COMPARES CURRENT PATH TO THE NEUTRALITY AGAINST DARK LORD GRINDELWALD
By: Cordelia Smith


5th​ of January 1953
Daily Prophet

PROTEST ESCALATES INTO 'NEFARIOUS RIOTING BY UNSCRUPULOUS RABBLE' AS EMBATTLED MINISTER LOWE HITS OUT
By: Barnabas Cuffe

10th​ of January 1953
International Magical Press

HAS THE MINISTRY LOST CONTROL? DIAGON ALLEY UP IN ARMS ABOUT 'MILITANT AURORS'
By: Jules Jebbins


15th​ of January 1953
Daily Prophet

BREAKING! HORIZON ALLEY RIOTS TURN DEADLY! BYSTANDERS CAUGHT IN DEADLY SPELL EXCHANGE!
By: Cordelia Smith


22nd​ of January 1953
International Magical Press

BREAKING! MINISTER LOWE ENACTS MARTIAL LAW!
By: Hubert Higgins


30th​ of January 1953
Daily Prophet

EXCLUSIVE! REBELS UNCOVERED: AN ALLIANCE BETWEEN THE ORDER OF THE PHOENIX AND THE ISONOMIAN MOVEMENT
By: Rupert Scrimgeour


2nd​ of February 1953
International Magical Press

'TIME FOR CHANGE' SAY LORDS ABBOTT, AVERY, NOTT, PRINCE AND SMITH IN A UNPRECEDENTED CROSS-FACTION JOINT STATEMENT
By: Jules Jebbins


9th​ of February 1953
Daily Prophet

ORDER OF THE PHOENIX DEMANDS DEMOCRACY, SAYS WIZENGAMOT'S TIME IS OVER AS CONFLICT GROWS FEVERISH!
By: Cordelia Smith


14th​ of February 1953
Daily Prophet

RIOTS BREAK OUT IN MAJORITY OF WIZARDING SETTLEMENTS, SHOUTS OF AVALONIA, OF 'DOWN WITH THE MINSTRY!'

20th​ of February 1953
International Magical Press

CALLS FOR MINISTER LOWE TO STEP DOWN GROW DEAFENING SAYS UNNAMED HIGHLY PLACED MINISTERIAL OFFICIAL


22nd​ of February 1953 – Malfoy Manor

Arcturus Black POV

His cold gaze fell upon her as she sat across from him.

She was the picture of calmness, her expression fixed in coolness as her dark eyes radiated out from her pale flawless porcelain skin.

Oh how he hated the bitch, how much he wanted to let loose a damn killing curse just so he could wipe that tiny curl of the lips and savour the look of fear before she died.

But they were sworn to ancient guest rights and he would not be the one to violate it as much as he wanted to.

No…he'd leave the violation to her.

It was what she was good at.
He knew she was heavily involved in what was going now, the anarchy that had befallen Magical Britain but there was nothing that even suggested a Merlin-damned link between the half-blood and those filthy mudbloods.

Not even to those blood traitor filths who are more of a problem than the mudbloods were!

Yet he was powerless to stop it.

The Ministry was but a step away from falling apart, his own faction was growing uneasy and traitorous and the progressives were not much better off.

Yet the Ouroboros faction was calm, united and had been, more importantly and for the most part, silent.

Until recently.

Lords within the faction had been quietly seeking out other seat holders to test the waters, to slither into their embrace and offer poisonous solutions.

He suppressed a snarl.

He interrogated Lord Avery and find out what they were planning and he despised the fact that it would likely mean that they would succeed, at least in the short term.

How long have they been working on this?

Since Sayre had been exiled?

Or even before that? When Ouroboros had been formed?

In principle, he did not disagree with what they were offering.

But in principle he was loathed to let her succeed.

Whilst the Black family was far from destitute, in the past few years they had spent millions of galleons propping up the Ministry giving them unprecedented political power but…

The damn Ministry was a sieve, a bottomless money pit that was unable to deal with the economic crisis with any kind of competence.

He had his suspicions on how that came to be but once again, he would never be able to prove it, not without forcing down veritaserum down their wretched gullets.

He'd been surprised when none of the families that were members of the Ouroboros faction bought controlling shares – or any shares – in businesses in Magical Britain when the opportunity had arisen.

Yet now he likely knew why that was. With the way the Ministry was structured, the incredibly low rates the Wizengamot Houses paid in taxes, effectively what they had done was rip out the major income of galleons.

Where before businesses paid forty percent tax, now they paid two percent.

They were never going to fill that deficit, not without major conflict breaking out amongst the noble families.

To even suggest they give up the businesses they purchased would only result in Lords breaking away from his faction and making it damn easier for them to join the bitch.

He suspected that she had agents in the Department of Company and Taxation for years, the central department that dealt with the registrar of companies, where all companies file annual financial statements, and with the taxation of both businesses, individuals and households, they would have had critical information they would need to cripple the Ministry.

He knew now that the Department had encouraged Traditionalist members, and certain Progressive Lords, to sweep in and buy out entire businesses, all adding up to a Ministry that was struggling to pay for the pitiful Auror force that barely could contend with rabble and mudbloods with how many veterans and high ranking, high salaried aurors had been let go at the onset of the economic crisis.

Even the higher import tax and tariffs did little to turn things around – not when the rampant corruption had resulted in several high ranking Ministry officials pocketing hundreds of thousands of galleons – and in fact only resulted in worsening relations with several European Ministries.

If only he had known what game they were playing, then.

He expected her to be brutish, to be a Dark Lady pretender in the mould of Morgana, of Grindelwald, an insane whore with too much power who didn't know her place.

Yet she was outplaying them in a way that was worthy of the name she barely had the right to bear.

He grimaced internally.

Their victory against Sayre had made them overconfident and they missed far too much.

Sayre wanted to fundamentally change Magical Britain from what it was and had promised to be an existential threat to them all.

He expected her to be the same only with force and wielding a wand instead of using the public sphere to win yet…that had not been true.

And it drove him and Cassie furious once he had come to realise was she wasn't behaving as he expected her to.

He thought all of this philanthropist nonsense was something Sayre had persuaded her to do yet it was something she was entirely driving herself.

And it worked in a way he had never expected.

She insulated herself against what Sayre had done, successfully preventing people from associating her from the actions of Sayre that had ruined this country.

The threat of what she would do with Hogwarts would have been empty had it not meant that the Ministry would have faced hundreds if not thousands of furious purebloods who benefitted directly from her schemes.

The ICW had been ready to intervene on their say-so but the risk was too high and none wanted to risk conflict that could have escalated into a civil war within every part of society.

Perhaps they should have he thought bitterly. At least then it would have been on his terms and not like on hers like it was now.

They were breaking Magical Britain at the fault lines that had been left behind by Sayre and there was nothing he could do to stop it.

It was infuriating and for the first time in as many years he could remember, he felt outplayed.

The grip that he was holding onto the Traditionalist faction was slipping and it didn't help that the bitch was a damn Archmage, one that was as Dark as her cursed forbearer.

He had never been blind to the sympathies and allegiances of the heirs of his allies and had worked to ensure they did not abandon the faction to join hers but it seemed like it would be all for naught.

The fact that he was here meeting her, in the home of what should have been a firm ally instead of a neutral ground was telling.

He snarled internally.

Slippery traitorous lot of them, those Malfoys.

"So you've come to bargain." She said without inflection or hint of emotion in her voice as she broke the tense silence, said in a way that was as dead and empty as her black eyes were.

"Bargain?" He scowled, his stare piercing down at her.

Her eyes shimmered as the ends of her blood red lips curled upward even more "What else would you call this meeting?" she leaned forward "You are here to bargain with me to retain a sliver of power when Ouroboros will be asked to fix this mess you helped made."

"I made?" Arcturus stood up, his face contorting in a hateful snarl. For years, the bitch just wouldn't disappear to the filthy muggle sewage she came from.

For years, she stymied any attempts of removing her from the lofty position she planted herself in, even after he focused entirely on her after he'd gotten the Sayre family out.

Not even the subtlest form of assassination worked and the last time he thought of other means of forcing her to bend like the whore she was, Sayre had sent him a message, one that had stayed any forms of retribution through the weak links that might have been bound to her.

The hatred he felt for this woman, the slow but certain usurpation she was committing of the Black family's claim as the Darkest family that ruled all others…

What she made him do to his own son…

"Yes." She said simply unfazed by the magic that boiling off of him as she slid a strand of hair behind her ear, her cool dark eyes gazing at him impassively. "You have acted against myself and Atticus again and again, hindering, sabotaging even directly acting against us and all that is happening is partly because of you." Her smile was now acidic, her blood red lips growing to a vile smile.

"All because you acted out as if we slighted you."

Arcturus laugh was cold and it reverberated across the room as he sent a withering look "You did slight me. As did your husband." He said with a mocking smile.

Her smile fell off and he felt a deep sense of satisfaction at it but he wasn't done "Your husband slighted me and every noble family with what he planned to do, he even slighted his ancestors as he turned his back on his noble heritage! And you…" he said with a violent rumble in his throat as he sat back down.

"You made this personal." Arcturus growled out as he placed his hands on the table.

"Ah…that." She said with the barest of movements of her facial muscles. "I see you still hold a grudge over what you did to your own son and heir." She said with faux innocence.

Arcturus resisted the urge to let fly a killing curse as he acidly narrowed his eyes. "What I did?" he growled out, the rumbling in his throat added a dangerous and harsh undertone to his words. "You twisted my heir into a damn slave."

One that would have gotten House Black vassalised to House Slytherin once he'd passed!

"Is that what you see my friends as?" She spoke again, her melodic voice was insidious with how beautiful it sounded.

"Orion was a dear friend of mine, Lord Black, never a slave. I resent such statements." She said as her eyes lit up in cruel mockery "He was perhaps too heavily dedicated to our…friendship…but he was still himself" her eyes were now sharp and cutting in their cruelty as her beauty twisted to show the evil that lay behind that thin veil.

"You could not say that now can you?" she continued as she poked at him with false insincerity, false concern "I hear that he is little better than Walburga's pet with how…docile he is now."

In a blink of an eye, he unholstered his wand and the tip of his wand crackled with a sickly green glow.

She remained unfazed as she met his gaze unflinchingly.

They stared at each for what seemed an age, his wand tip levelled directly at her forehead until…finally, the boiling anger in his chest simmered into a cool hatred and he put away his wand as he sat down.

"What do you want?" he asked coldly and curtly.

At this her eyes began to glow, a caustic black blue, one that seemed like it could strip flesh from bones had it been a liquid dripped onto skin "What we all wantsss...." She began, her words stretched and tinged with a sibilant undertone.

"Security"

Arcturus narrowed his gaze "What are you blathering about?"

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes still aglow as her face twisted in an angry distaste, one that seemed break through what had been an antagonistic approach this this…ceasefire.

"Do you know that as we speak, the Statute of Secrecy is shattering even more than already is?"

Arcturus' eyes widened momentarily before he coldly demanded "Explain."

Her eyes narrowed momentarily at the demand but she spoke anyway "The muggle government has over a dozen traitors working with their military and their scientists and they have wizards spying on us. I'm not certain yet how long it has been going on but I believe it may have been since before the Grindelwald war."

"Impossible" Arcturus denied. They would have known. They would have known.

"I'm surprised" she purred "That the great Black spy network is unable to find out that Underhill, our attache to the Royal family is comprised and has been for years." She said with a mocking tone in her voice before her expression shifted to cool seriousness.

"Through him the muggles have found about our supposed treachery and lack of allegiance to the Crown. You know more about that than I do, Lord Black." She said with an amused smile.

Arcturus scowled.

Of course he did. His family had made sure that Queen Victoria and her descendants were unable to wield the power granted to them by ancient covenants many centuries ago.

Their allegiance to the Crown had ended after the Statute and it was unthinkable that a muggle could wield power in their world to the extent that family could.

Over the centuries they whittled down any avenue of that family into the magical world to the point that they were only allowed to know as little as possible – their allegiance allowed them that much

"They have recruited more than a dozen now amongst their spy organisation and it is a near certainty that they are partly responsible for the rise of the Isonomian Movement."

Arcturus shook his head "I cannot believe this."

Her hand went into her pocket and she threw a file onto the table and it slid across to him.

He scowled at her as he looked at her coldly "How do I not know that this isn't doctored?"

"You don't" she said with a shrug. "I am willing to take a vow that it is not doctored and that what I am telling about the traitors to the magical world is true." She said calmly.

"Swear it." He demanded and she pulled out her wand and swore the oath.

He narrowed his gaze and felt the oath settling in. Reluctantly he began reading and what followed rocked his entire notion of what was reality.

"This…" Arcturus trailed off as he looked over the images of the guns with runes etched onto the surfaces, runes that would make what was already deadly weapons into absolutely lethal ones.

"We have traitors to the magical world." She simply said.

"Underhill is a pureblood…" Arcturus murmured.

Why would he betray their world?

She laughed coldly as she stared at him with black eyes "You underestimate the muggles and their ruthlessness in obtaining compliance."

"At least when it comes to Underhill." Her eyes darkened "It wouldn't surprise me if they somehow managed to get the upper hand on him. From there.." she opened up her arms as if to signal how easily they would find invading the magical world like she claimed they did.

He wanted to deny it but he couldn't see the angle of why she would. Nor could he discount the oath she swore.

"What do you mean security?" He finally asked.

Her smile was cold. "Do you think this would have happened if we did what most other wise Ministries do with magical children? If we had not allowed this issue of blood purity to fester to the point that they could use it to instigate civil war?"

"You want to initiate what your husband championed." He simply stated. Sayre wanted to rid every shackle of the muggle world from the magical world.

A worthy cause but one that was ultimately doomed to fail. The blood traitors in the Ministry and amongst the Progressive would never have stood for it.

It would have caused far too much unrest if his measures had passed, measures that included informing families of the magical world as soon as underage magic was detected and effectively make them part of the magical world.

It would have allowed more time for mudbloods to familiarise themselves with the magical world whilst also ensuring an eye could be kept to the families of the mudbloods.

It was a decent idea but one that would have also costed significant amount of galleons and manpower.

In the end, it was doomed to fail.

"No." she said calmly as she stared at him. "We'll go further."

His eyes narrowed "You want to go the route of taking magical children away from their families?"

"When the other option is risking the destruction of the Statute of Secrecy, just as what is happening now, extreme measures are required." She calmly said before she leaned forward. "We may fix this now but in two decades time, in five, in ten?"

She shook her head. "These magicals born out of squibs will keep being born in the muggle world and one day it might expose us in a way that we can't stop. And even then…it might not be enough."

"Do you think that the British muggle government are the only ones that employing magicals in their clandestine operations?" She said with a cool tone, her lips curling in an almost grim fashion.

"You've heard the rumours of the Russian magicals aiding the Soviet Communists, I'm sure." She said with a tilt of the head.

Cassie had mentioned that there were rumours amongst the ICW about the likelihood of magicals aiding the Russian muggles.

The fact that the whore knew rankled him and more than a little worried him. It spoke of her abilities to ferret out secrets that had taken decades for their family to set up.

"I have." He said simply "The ICW is dealing with it." That was true at least.

She inclined her head, her expression remaining unchanged "True but they underestimate the muggles and the pervasiveness of their nature."

"I find it laughable that you speak to me about muggles in this manner. Are you not the one who claims that we are superior to them to all of your followers?" Arcturus asked coolly.

"I am" she said unfazed as she leaned back in her chair, her right leg crossing over her left "and yet it does not detract from the truth. Are we not superior to Dragons? Smarter and more capable? Yet can a single dragon not defeat a dozen wizards despite our intellect and capabilities? Are they not more destructive?" she posed to him with a mocking smile before it fell away, a cold sneer marring her face

He remained silent to that. He was not as ignorant to the threat of the muggles as some may believe. For all of their inferiority they were a stark threat to the magical world.

Even when they had little more than little sticks that fired little balls that would take minutes to reload they were a threat.

When they only had bows and arrows, spears and swords, they were a threat.

Most magicals were pitiful and never used their magic at the same level they did once they were in magical schooling.

Their skills atrophied as they aged, as their inherited power lay largely unused except to conduct everyday mindless household tasks or apparition.

It had been like that since the beginning of dawn. There was a reason why families like House Black…House Nott, House Bones and so on were Lords.

Magical families of limited talent or drive sought the protection of those who could provide it and had the strength to stand up against hostile muggles.

That meant that were few families that could truly stand up and lead against hordes of hostile muggles.

With how drained most noble families were of members, it was bad news. Very bad news.

Between the years 1000 and in the mid 1500s, most magical families could have claimed members of over thirty and that was without considering branch families that took up different names.

Now…

House Black had three magical scions in his sons Orion and Cygnus and his nephew Alphard.

None of whom have any male heirs with only Cygnus having a newly born daughter in Andromeda.

This was the case for many other families.

That meant a strong Ministry was vital.

If things were as dire as they seemed, and they were dire, they were in imminent danger.

The Ministry was in no condition to sort out this mess and should they go to the ICW they would never leave.

The agreement they had with them had only covered conflict with either or both of Sayre and the half blood.

Should they find out the Statute of Secrecy was breached in a worse way than even in China…

But why would the muggles involve themselves in our own conflict? His eyes widened and they snapped towards her.

"They are seeking to directly rule over us." He simply stated and she smiled coldly.

"Yes. Instigate unrest before coming in and appearing as 'saviours' whilst installing a puppet regime that is beholden to the muggles." Her eyes darkened

"And if you're wondering why now, well..." she smiled thinly as she continued "The moment they found out about Grindelwald and what he'd done and planned to do was the moment they were set against us."

He remained silent for a moment as he weighed up his options.

"How do I know you won't turn against me once you've gotten your pawn as Minister?" he asked curtly.

"Why would I turn against my allies, Lord Black?" she asked in return, her blood red lips curling with dark humour.

Arcturus snorted as he leaned back, his gaze fixed on her. "Not good enough."

He narrowed his gaze "I want your guarantee you will not act against House Black."

She tilted her head, her black eyes seemingly boring into him "You want to extend the ceasefire." She simply stated.

"Yes. Into a permanent peace."

She narrowed her gaze. "I didn't think you were capable of setting aside your personal grudges." She commented idly.

He chuckled coldly "Oh, I am not. Not usually. But this is a problem that supersedes any grudges." He might not act against her…or his House but that did not mean there were not any other matters he could…pretend not to know about and allow to happen.

She said nothing for a moment. "Very well. But in return I expect the Traditionalist faction to not oppose any of my measures."

"Your measures?" Arcturus smiled coolly.

"Ouroboros and I are one and the same."

Yes…they most certainly were. After all, she was a snake that would devour itself for any measure of success.

"As long as they don't impede on our rights I don't see that as an issue, at least for now." Arcturus conceded before he continued "However…I want those mudbloods, those traitorous scum and the rebels dead" he said with a narrowed gaze.

"I can accept that." She said as she stood up.

Her eyes glittered with amusement "Shall we shake on it?"

He sneered at her and got up. "I will send the documents to you to sign of our…peace." He said distastefully before he walked out of the private room.

As he descended down the stairs, Septimus Malfoy was waiting for him. "Has an accord been reached?"

'As if you hadn't charmed the room let you hear everything' Arcturus snorted to himself. "Yes." He said curtly as he stopped before the man. "Do not think House Black will forget this…favour."

Septimus' smug expression disappeared and a flicker of fear came across his face before he composed himself. "Noted, my Lord." Septimus said evenly.

Arcturus snorted before he simply walked past the man towards the floo. He grabbed a handful of floo powder and went back home.

Hours later…

"Morgana…" Cassie whispered as she left the pensieve, her expression pale.

Arcturus' eyes flickered towards his son who was almost as distressed as his sister was.

He'd shown them both the meeting – of course he excluded the parts of when they spoke about what he'd done to his son even if the dark memory suppression mind magic should prevent him from retaining anything related to that event – and waited for them.

"Well?" he asked impatiently.

Cassie snapped out of her thoughts and turned to him "You should not have offered her peace" she spat out.

"Even in the face of muggle aggression? Aggression that could doom us with the state we're in?" he asked evenly.

She snarled and walked towards her seat and sunk into it.

"I despise the whore." She simply grouched.

His son walked over and sat in the other seat before he spoke up "Why hasn't she acted?"

Arcturus turned to his son, surprise etched on his face.

Cassie cackled mirthfully "Why would she?" she said as she turned to him.

"What benefit" she spat out "Would she have in eliminating the threat they pose when she could use it to maximise her gains as she is now?"

"Still…" Arcturus murmured "It is an unacceptable risk."

Cassie smiled grimly "And why would she care of the risk to Magical Britain? When she could go to wherever he took thousands of magicals?"

Silence reigned for several minutes.

Charlus' words on what the man had likely done was something that he tried hard to ignore.

"We keep underestimating her." Cassie finally said before she straightened up. "No more."

"We can't do anything to jeopardise the peace." Arcturus warned.

Cassie turned to him and sent him a withering look "Of course." She said mockingly "The peace." She said with a sweet smile etched on her face before it fell away and a cold look replaced it "As if that will stop the enmity between our Houses." She shook her head.

"You may plan to bound our family to a peace but that does not mean we are not enemies." Cassie said with a sigh. "Anyway…" she said as she got up.

"It seems like I have some work to do." She scoffed "I knew filthy mudbloods couldn't be trusted." She muttered as she walked out of the room.

Son and father remained behind, both stewing on the happenings of the day.

"Father…" Orion began and Arcturus turned to him, a steely expression on his face.

"What does this mean with our agreements with the ICW?" he asked tentatively.

Arcturus said as he swiped his hand across his face.

The agreements with the ICW had been to corner Riddle and use her to find out where Sayre was.

He knew they were tracking Sara Beauclerc and Benedict Sayre but the political situation and immunity they had as direct offspring and parent of the President of the ICW made it into a situation that could spiral out of control against a powerful united MACUSA whereas with Riddle…

That was different.

And unfortunately it seemed like their dealing with the ICW would have to come to an end.

"It means we're done with them. At least for now." He told his son as he got up tiredly.

"For now, we are tied irrevocably with her." He said with a grimace.

In some ways he was relieved. She was an archmage that kept outplaying him in his own field of expertise.

Now that they reached an accord, he could breathe a little easier for the safety of his family.

He shook his head. It was far from time to relax he thought as he left the room.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

2nd​ of March 1953

Fleamont Potter POV

"We cannot agree!" Lord Smith said with a scowl as he slammed the butt of the cane on the marble floor.

Fleamont sat back in his chair, his hands in front of his mouth as he remained silent in the discord before him. He was here with Lords Abbott, Bones, Longbottom, Prewett and Smith to discuss the…offer Lord Abbott had been given.

"We may not have a choice." Lord Bones said calmly as he stared at Lord Smith.

"I cannot believe Lord Black would completely reverse course" Lord Prewett said with a shake of the head "Not after all that he's done to aid the removal of the Sayres"

"Why not?" Lord Longbottom growled, anger etched on his face. Longbottom had almost broken away from the near millennia long alliance he had with several of the Progressive Houses when it was clear that they would join forces with the Traditionalist in combatting the Sayre in any means necessary.

He wasn't sure what made Longbottom stay but if rumours were true Atticus Sayre had asked him not to get involved.

To ask your allies to abandon you when you needed them the most did not make sense…but it did if Charlus' suspicions were right…

That Sayre never intended to stay long term and that everything he had done was to get people to leave with him.

"That snake would sell his own soul for power perhaps even that of his son's!" Longbottom said with a harsh laugh "You all know the rumours of what Black had done to his own son to make sure he kept control over his own heir."

Fleamont grimaced.
The rumours had started not long after Heir Black had returned to Hogwarts with a changed personality…and changed memories.

According to the rumours it hadn't been noticeable at first but it seemed as any interactions the young man might have had with Slytherin was altered heavily…misremembering events at best and at worst…well…

"It should not surprise you that the bastard made a deal with the Ouroboros to deal with this mess" Longbottom said with a dismissive wave of the hand "And truthfully, I don't blame him." He said with a scowl as he peered at them all.

"It's not as if we're likely to do any better if our track record is anything to go by." Longbottom added scornfully and Fleamont sighed.

It was going to be a long meeting.

Hours later…

Fleamont sunk into his comfortable chair as a hand with a glass full of firewhiskey entered his line of sight. He looked up and saw his brother looking at him with a commiserate look on his face.

"I might just abdicate in favour for yourself than to deal with something like that again" he said with a sigh as he took the glass and took a large gulp of the drink.

Charlus grimaced "No thanks. I'm happy just being the reluctant heir." He said cheerfully and Fleamont chuckled before it ebbed away and a morose expression fell on his face as he stared at his drink.

"That bad?" Charlus asked quietly and Fleamont looked up and saw his brother's concerned expression.

"Yes." He said with a sigh "The offer that Ouroboros has given us is good but it is meaningless once they get their man as Minister and the backing they'll get from the Traditionalists."

"What's the offer?" Charlus asked after a moment.

Fleamont told her brother and after several moments had passed his brother spoke up again
"The traditionalists agreed to it?" Charlus asked bewildered.

Fleamont smiled grimly "They did though the reason they might have is that Ouroboros offered to pay them the same amount they paid for the businesses they effectively ruined."

"Bribes." Charlus said with a distaste.

Fleamont inclined his head "Effectively." He agreed "However Ouroboros also intends to return those businesses to their original owners in return for higher taxes over a set period of time." Fleamont drank of his glass as he paused speaking for a moment.

He continued "That would reduce the deficit massively and with some of the projected earnings Ouroboros estimates the Ministry to be gaining with their initiatives, within six months the Ministry would be in a stable condition. Something they might even help along if they took over the debts the Goblin Nations holds over the Ministry."

"That would give them unprecedented control over the Ministry." Charlus pointed out.

"Yes." Fleamont said with a sigh "That would be the case." He peered at Charlus "And at present they are also the only ones that the public will accept being in power even if we promised to do all that Ouroboros promises to do."

Charlus scowled for a moment before it faded away "I can understand that" he said tiredly "There hasn't been a violent outbreak for nearly two weeks now, not since Ouroboros broke their silence." He said with distaste.

Fleamont stared at his brother for a few seconds "Has there been any evidence?" he asked.

Charlus shook his head "Nothing. No links between the Isonomian Movement or the Order of the Phoenix and Ouroboros." Charlus said disappointedly "Even the ones we caught and interrogated with veritaserum got us nothing." Charlus' expression darkened ever so slightly as his eyes showed something disturbing.

"But you found something?" Fleamont pressed slightly.

Charlus looked up and met his gaze. It seemed as he was struggling on the decision on to tell him or not. Eventually Charlus decided "Yes." He said hesitantly.

Fleamont waved his brother along with patience.

Charlus grabbed the bridge of his nose for a moment before he brushed his hair back with his hand and sighed as he met Fleamont's gaze "There is evidence…" he pursed his lips as tension filled his expression "that the muggles might be involved."

Fleamont's eyes widened "What?!"

Charlus then took the time to explain and Fleamont crashed into his seat. "And nothing leads us to this…muggle group?" he asked his brother concerned.

Charlus scowled and shook his head "No. It seemed like the vast majority of information is constrained to this Michael Enoch and a few others…none of whom we have in our custody."

"Merlin…" Fleamont whispered. This was bad. "How many know?"

"At the moment only the Director of the MLE and a few other key Department heads." Charlus smiled thinly "the Former Minister Lowe hadn't needed to know."

Fleamont remained for a while. "This changes everything…" he murmured as he trailed his hand across his face. He met the gaze of his brother "We need the Ministry back in order as soon as possible. We need to find out how far this all goes."

Charlus nodded "The Director has already made this a priority. Half the reason why we've been so…zealous…against the Isonomian Movement has to do with this."

Fleamont stared at his brother disapprovingly "And it is also half the reason why this completely spiralled out of control!"

Charlus glared at him "We are the only reason why this hasn't gotten bad enough to devolve into a bigger conflict. We are preventing them from gathering in public, preventing them to spread their chaos amongst the population."

Fleamont shook his head "And yet it seemed to be to no avail given how much the public has been supporting them."

"They support the Order of the Phoenix." Charlus corrected "People who are like them, not these muggleborns."

"Squib-descendants" Fleamont corrected distractedly as he thought on the Order of the Phoenix.

They were the major reason as to why so much compromise was going around. Most of them were from pureblood or half-blood households and worked in a way that had the public very much on their side…even to the point of demanding a change of how the government worked!

It was honestly disturbing how effective they were.

He drank of his firewhiskey to the last drop and got up "I'm turning in for the night." He stopped as he glanced at his brother "Will Dorea be here tomorrow for dinner?" They usually had dinner twice a week together.

Charlus got up as well "Yes. The past few weeks have been quieter at St. Mungos so I doubt she'll have to work late." He confirmed and Fleamont nodded before he bid his brother farewell.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

16th​ of March 1953 – The Leaky Cauldron

Rupert Scrimgeor POV

"The Chudley Cannons continued their spiral towards the bottom of the table with the demoralising loss against the Appleby Arrows…"

He tuned out the rest of the Quidditch Recap Show that was playing on the T.W. as he necked down the last of his pint, his gloomy mood unable to disappear.

He ordered another one and watched the people in the pub with weary eyes. He wasn't the only one that was gloomy or tense.

Recent months had raked up tensions to its highest that was only recently subsiding, the long inactions of the Wizengamot and the economic downturn that plagued Magical Britain for years enhanced what had previous lain below the surface of the black sea, what had been simmering.
The inequalities of life.

There had been a quiet discontent amongst the populace before it all went wrong, that had been waiting for a spark, a spark that the smart people had been dreading, dreading that it would get worse.

And things had gotten worse.

The end of Grindelwald's war was meant to be the turn of a long prosperous peace yet, he thought grimly, it seemed like those had been the good days, the days of when the collective fear of the war arriving on the shores of Britain kept the long held divisions and anger at bay, of when there was a sense of unity.

Something that had been shattered and crumbled in the past seven, six years starting when muggleborns suddenly no longer were 'born from muggles' and became politically powerful.

The Hero of Magical Britain who saved Britain from the 'dastardly' Grindelwald had been chased away and in his wake left economic ruin where before Britain had flourished.

In that ruin came a morally bankrupt Ministry too incompetent to get out of the mess it created. A Ministry that was embattled now with riots and perhaps in reality a rebellion.

Merlin how did it get so bad? He wondered.

At least now with the Ministry effectively crippled and a change of government imminent, he no longer had to bow to their decrees and restrictions.

He had hated the 'Ministry approved' stamps that forced him to write what they wanted and how they wanted it.

To this day he had no idea how the noble families allowed the Ministry to take control of Daily Prophet.

Actually he did know. They feared Atticus Sayre more than anything else and were willing to do anything, allow anything.

In some ways, he had sympathies with the cries of the rebels, of wishing to tear down the corrupt Ministry and rebuilding into something that did more than cater to the nobles who were almost as responsible for this mess as the Ministry was.

He knew Sayre had been taking things too far and perhaps it was for the best he left but what the Ministry did after Sayre left with his wealth was criminal.

Sad fact was that it was probably in part completely due to incompetence.

At least Lowe was ousted now and Crabshaw, a member of the Ouroboros faction, was set to be sworn in.

It seemed like the promises the Ouroboros were making had calmed things down a bit. There hadn't been a conflict between the Ministry and the rebels since they began to speak publically.

They made a lot of promises, promises such as equality and abolishing of discriminatory policies and heavy investment by the Ouroboros in fixing the economy, an investment of twenty million galleons if the figures were right.

Merlin, what he'd do with that much money…

In any case, it seemed like things might turn out to be alright.

The door jingled and a messily dressed boy stormed in, his eyes wide as he looked around until they fell upon him, his eyes widened more as he recognised him and paced quickly towards him.

"You're late" Rupert said gruffly as he stared at the young man.

"Sorry" Pyrites said a little abashed as he plodded down opposite him in the seat of the corner booth they were at, one that had a little more privacy than the rest of the pub.

The waitress arrived and handed his second pint of the day. "Before you go" he said stopping her from leaving "Can you put on the Wizen-Watch?" She looked at from him a moment before her eyes went to the clock and after seemingly mulling it over for a moment nodded.

He thanked her with a lazy gesture and she left.

"Isn't a bit early? It's only 10 in the morning" he said with wide eyes as he glanced at the pint of beer.

"It's evening somewhere in the world" he said in a deadpan before he drank of his beer, closing his eyes in pleasure as he did so.

"R-Right…" Pyrites said a little unsure.

Rupert looked at the young man for a moment. Theodore Pyrites had been a friend of Atticus Sayre during their days at Hogwarts and had chosen to become a reporter at the Daily Prophet.

One might think there was something suspicious going on there but it seemed to be have been of his own volition especially after he'd made some decent contributions to the paper about the man though he kept private associations with the man to himself.

Rupert at least could respect that even if at times Pyrites was a bit...underwhelming.

He glanced at the T-Watch, a knock off version of the M-Vision and saw things were being set up.

It seemed like every Lord or Lady was attending the ceremony today.

Rupert scoffed. No one wanted to miss this today.

Not when the tentative peace was on the line.

"Do you think it will last?" Pyrites asked.

He turned to the young man. "The peace?" he muttered and Pyrites nodded slowly.

"I don't know." Rupert said after a moment. "In truth I never expected that it would get so bad so quickly and so…effective."

"You think there's a lot more to it?" Pyrites said with a shine in his eyes.

Rupert said nothing as he turned his gaze towards the screen. He did think there was something more to it…his nose was telling him so.

Of course his wife would say he was just smelling the dragon dung that was his mind was conjuring up but it was a real thing.

The thing was…

He was directionless. His nose was directionless…as if it was surrounding him completely rather than leading him to a specific location.

"Most things have more to it than meets the eye, Pyrites" He said as he stared at the screen "Now be quiet, I'm watching the screen" he said to the young man.

He gestured towards the barmaid to up the volume and he listened as he watched the swearing in ceremony be conducted.

There was light applause and soon enough, Crabshaw was in his seat in the Wizengamot.

As the man spoke up with a certain eloquence suddenly he was interrupted as someone leapt from the top part of the visiting gallery and grabbed one of the aurors that had been too lax.

"What?" Pyrites exclaimed and he wasn't the only one. The pub's noise picked up substantially as the man held a wand against the Auror's neck and etched closer to the central part of the chamber.

"Surrender" "Cease or I will fire!" the voices of the aurors were ever more harsh until one of them fired a Reductor at the man's feet and the man stopped.

"Let him go. NOW" the Aurors barked out but it was to no avail.

"What is going on?" Pyrites asked confused. "What is the point of that? Doesn't he realise that even if he gets a spell off he'll never get away?"

Rupert said nothing as he watched the screen with avid eyes.

The man began to speak. "Just as a Phoenix rises out of the Ashes reborn from the waste of the old, so too will a government wiped clean from its sins for I and my comrades are the destroyers of false hope and the TRUE MESSIAHS!"

The man began to glow and an awful ripple of explosions rocked their screen as hurried cries were drowned out by the sounds of overwhelming noise.

The Leaky Cauldron was deathly silent, the sounds of the crackling fires and the eerie faint sounds of pained moans and distant cries of pain was all that could be heard until…
Until the smoke, the dust, whatever it was began to clear from the screen and what he was seeing now shook him to the core.

"Merciful Merlin…" Rupert whispered, his voice hollow as he stared at the carnage, the rivers of blood that splattered down in every crumbled seat.

Body parts could be seen in the blown apart far from any body it belonged to just as bodies lay below crumbled stones.

And, in the distance, he could see some survivors as shield protected some pockets of surviving people but they were few.

He saw in the neutral faction there were more survivors, Lady Slytherin was obvious to see but even they suffered more deaths than there had survived. In the Progressives, he could see Lords Longbottom and Potter and a few others whilst in the traditionalist section…there were hardly any standing.

Merlin…

There were a hundred seats within the Wizengamot yet he could only pick out clearly less than a dozen survivors.

The gallery had fallen and suffered just as badly as the others in the Wizengamot.

Rupert stood up and somehow managed to tear his gaze away from the screen and turned towards Pyrites who was pale and in shock. He glanced around and saw similar expressions, of shock, of horror.

Things could never be the same again…

He grabbed Pyrites on the shoulders and pulled him up which seemed to draw him out of his shocked state even if he was still dazed.

"Come on kid, we need to get back to the office." He said to Pyrites who blinked several times and nodded slowly.

"Yes" he said dazedly before he turned to the screen as Rupert dragged the young man with him "I guess we'll need to" he said distractedly and it seemed their movement out of the pub was enough to force others out of their shock and the pub…

The pub descended into chaos…

And as he walked out of The Leaky Cauldron, he realised the calm in the last few weeks might have just been the calm before the storm and now…

The storm was tearing into them, breaking it all apart

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Twenty days after the Bombing of the Wizengamot…

Atticus sat on the highest peak of Mount Celestis, his eyes gazing down at his country.

Nations…

The history of nations was varied as the people themselves. Some were built through fire and brimstone whilst others were built out of commonality, through community.

Yet in all of these nations…blood, sweat and tears went into them. Their own blood, the blood of others…the blood of innocents…

Sweat of labour, of hardship and of true belief.

Tears of pain, of joy and of relief.

"Hmm…" he let escape from the gap of his lips.

Things were falling into place.

Pieces were nudged, pieces were pushed, pieces were placed and the portrait they created became clearer each day.

He glanced upward, towards the heavens, his eyes turning cold and harsh.

Uncountable unknowable whispers made millennia upon millennia years ago were culminating closer and closer to reality…

Seeking…

Hoping…

Desperately, endlessly, that repeating horrific cycles of time would finally come to an end, at least in a small insignificant way, that a minor victory on the cosmological scale would finally come, a victory that had never come in the billions of years of existence and in the trillions upon trillions of years before the existence of this universe.

A desperate wish that he had come to know from the horrifying truth of the nature of existence in this universe…of its hopelessness, of its wickedness…

He closed his eyes, traversing through the flow of Living Time…

He reached out, into the Domain, linking, learning, waiting…

Remnants of images, feelings, knowledge…

All of it flowed past him and through him in the form of shards of shards of shards, tiny quantities that held nuggets of experiences of those that came before…those that had the fortune of escaping the abominable endless torture many of their brethren had been unfortunate enough to fall to yet they were far from being at peace.

For how could they…

For beyond this Milky Oasis lay a sea of monstrous uniformity, one that continued to push and stretch into an endless sea drawing ever nearer to the beginning of Time once again…

If he understood rightly, there were only few pockets of islands in this terrible sea, those few lucky ones that were exempt of the painful sterility and unending conscious torment yet…

Their time was drawing nearer.

Just like in this Oasis, there had been others strong enough to deal a blow but at a cost of most of their existence, of their people.

Did they know their victory came because it was allowed?

That their pyrrhic victory had been allowed to pass as so enrich the flavour, the sweetness of their existence before it passed into the Domain?

That in the end, whether or not you join the endless sea or die and join the Domain, the same eventuality is reached?

Like crops, Life was seeded, allowed to grow ripe and tested before consumed whole…

In one way or another…

Time and Time Again…

What a truth that was…

It was a truth that could drive entire civilisations into suicide…

Yet…

There was a glimmer of hope…

A desperate hope that his people could escape…

That they could break through the Cycle…

He understood more now…

Of what it meant to be him…what it was he was to guide into existence…

At times he wondered if Moira's daughter had known what she had tasked him…

What she expected of him…of them…

The scale in which the buried conspiracy ran…a scale he only knew a fraction of a fraction of…

A future that ran tens of thousands of years into the future, long after he and all he knew was gone but...

Like a cornerstone, all he was to do was to till the soil that would allow a tree to grow, a tree that would breach the endless circle.

Though he was not certain if it would in his lifetime or if it would be after him…

He supposed in a way it did not matter…

A wave of magic pulsed from behind him, dark and rich, overwhelming and drowning.

Emily had arrived.

He gazed down from the sky and towards Celestis City before his eyes trailed downwards, towards the jagged edges of the Mountain on which he was sat perched on a peak with his feet hanging over the edge.

She sat next to him, her beautiful legs hanging over the edge just as his own did.

He looked up, towards the stars.

He wondered if people would understand…if they wanted to understand.

Why they were doing what they were doing…

No one but Emily knew of what he had seen in Living Time, the threads that stretched endlessly into the past and into the future, threads that looped and looped to the point that none could know where it started…where it ended…

Divergences, split threads, were little more than an eventuality, no matter how improbable but in the end they also looped back to a point of the 'main' thread…

The Domain, filled with shards of lives spent, knowledge stored, of remnants of consciousness, had more often than not vague hints, images or feelings, not shared without cost and each time it was shared, it would never be the same individual again as if there was a central controller that limited information, had given him enough to understand what it was they were up against…

"Complete?" he asked, his gaze still remaining towards the stars.

"Purges are nearing completion and peace has been restored. All of the Isonomian Movement and the Order have been executed. I have the unwavering support of most of the new Lords and Ladies and almost all of the public." She said calmly.

In the end, it had been remarkably easy to set things in motion that led to the path of this thread.

"And?" he asked, this time somewhat quieter.

"It felt hollow" Emily said after a moment.

He hummed noncommittally.

Idly, he wondered if she saw it as a hollow victory for breaking centuries old society so easily or because it meant little to her.

"A waste yet necessary." She said and he turned to her, their gazes meeting.

"Our best has often come after strife and loss." She said with an expressionless look.

He smiled though he wasn't sure if it was bitter or sweet. "No matter if we're magical or mundane"

Her expression shifted slightly as she turned away from his gaze "That is true. We share that with them. Though our best will far exceed theirs."

Yes…

Much depended on that single belief.

More than anyone could possibly know…

Atticus followed her gaze and saw the three Orbs that were dimly lit in the same luminosity as the Moon.

He basked in the silence, in her presence.

A momentary respite of the enormity that rested on their shoulders.

He extended out his hand with the palm facing upward on his thigh and, without turning towards him, she extended hers and met his hand before interlacing her fingers with his.

"And so it begins…" he whispered.

"And so it begins" she agreed, though it was not with a whisper it was quieter…quiet with heaviness in the way that the situation warranted…

…In the way destiny warranted.

For the destiny that promised to unfold itself was terrible…

Yes…

But great.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Treken, UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy and 123 others
mosefboombox117
Nov 13, 2022
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Interlude #1 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Nov 26, 2022
Add bookmark
#87
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think! Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next three chapters are available on Patreon
Interlude #1

16th​ of February 1944

A piece of porous rock broke away when his foot settled onto it. Atticus stopped in his tracks, his eyes roving around, observing, scrutinising the sight before him.

The heavy light of the floating enchanted orbs shone down from up on high, causing some faces to gleam like dull burnt out stars under the blazing light.

The lands of Illos…

It could not hide from the truth under the light.

It was ugly.

Jagged.

Rocks with edges that cut through skin with mildest of pressures, dull bulbous unsightly surfaces that hid between those unforgiving peaks.

Yet…

This only preceded what was promised…

What was to come…

He breathed in deeply, his magic allowed to permeate the world around him and just as it expanded into the lifeless world around him, he connected to the vast power that was within the membrane of the universe itself and it poured in like starlight into his frame.

The emptiness melted away as the universe opened up to him, once more profoundly immersed in the greater whole of magic, of the universe…of existence.

Even in this disconnected place, apart from the magic that coursed through the earth, he still sensed much.

Magic permeated the universe, it was limitless in scope and in possibility…

The currents of magic, the endless streams that touched everything and anything shone before him, even in this lifeless place and it wasn't all that he could See…

He breathed out and let the future fall into place.

With a ghostly shimmer, rolling hills with evergreen grass and plants replaced the desolate land in an iridescent light, towering gleaming buildings stood above houses, apartments and markets, filled with silent bustling faceless people.

Illos was alive…

It had been in his dreams…

And it would be in the future…

The future and its probable possibilities had unfurled with his increasing understanding of Living Time. He was aware of the threads that bounded reality and he could see the paths those threads wanted to take, could take.

He Saw Illos in moments, in captured echoes along its gentle march through Time to what would once be.

He shook away his Sight and the future faded away as the present settled in.

A present where millions of sharp, uneven glossing rocks peaked out from destitute and hard surfaces, surfaces that were grey, black and stark, bereft of life – save for perhaps microbial bacteria.

For now, Illos was little more than a hollow egg, sterile and unfertilised, an empty space with kilometres of thick seamless, gleaming silvery grey shell sheltering it.

Illos would not taste open air for some time to come, not until the mechanisms that would open up the top half like shells sliding away were complete.

A process that was ongoing as golems worked on cutting at specific points by annihilating atoms on the outer surface with modified Ancient Human beam weaponry.

It would be a year or so before the runes that were being inscribed by his elves onto the outside surface of Illos were complete and another year before the mechanical systems were in place that would open up the shell and expose the surface of Illos to sunlight and the air of Earth.

Long before that point, the lands of Illos would be ready, he thought as he stared at the current landscape.

The transfiguration array had 'turned out' the surface inward as the rest of the asteroid had been transfigured.

It was almost as if he was walking on the surface of the Moon itself…far from the fertile land it would one day become.

The transfiguration array had been complex enough, the transfiguration of untold tonnes of iron and nickel into Adamantite in the desired shape had no further leeway to also transfigure rock into soil, a complex task that could not be so easily left to transfiguration arrays.

He wasn't sure if he could do it even if he spent over a decade working on it, not on that scale, not without aid from Magic herself, to guide and interpret his desires and somehow create the complex chemistry and biology that even the most starved soil on earth would have.

It was inordinately easier to create more of something than it was to create something from nothing or without equal sacrifice.

There was a reason why fertility rituals had mostly remained unchanged for thousands of years and it was one of the few large scale rituals that endured despite the widespread banning of rituals in most parts of Europe and elsewhere.

Soil was a part of Life and the only forms of magic that could create Life or allow Life to thrive was through one form of sacrifice or another.

He had not been keen to spend years or longer attempting to create forms of transfiguration that violated that tenet just so that the transfiguration array could work.

It had taken long enough to build the transfiguration array that had created the frame of Illos, most of which had been time spent in the Time Room in one of his trunks, and he would have delayed things far longer than they needed to be when he had another avenue.

No, there was no reason not to do it the old fashioned way, not when most of the time consuming work had been covered, work that had hollowed out billions of tonnes of metallic material and transported that material out into hidden storage facilities all around the world that would feed a secondary factory that Moira had planned to build to sustain the production rate they needed before and after she left for her mission, creating the hundreds of cavities Illos would need to integrate all of the technology that would allow it endure for millennia.

And all of that had been achieved at the same time as the array completed the outside ovoid shape, a frame that now consisted of hundreds of cavities that would in time be filled with systems, machinery and technologies of all kinds…

Power systems and its infrastructure that ran along the lengths and depths of Illos that would feed from the power plants that would nestle in the core, the slip space drive located at its dimensional centre and its support systems that would run along the spine of Illos, the thrusters and engines nozzles that would protrude out through most of the outer surfaces of Illos, the tracks just a kilometre – and in some locations several kilometres – down from the inner surface where mithril would eventually run through primarily as artificial leylines, all of that…and more.

No, he would draw inspiration of his ancestors, the mage priests that performed rituals to keep Egypt drought free.

It was rather fitting, that despite his expertise in magic, he would draw back towards his roots, towards his ancestors, the ancient mage priests that performed rituals that were beautiful with its peeled simplicity that kept Egypt drought free.

Far from his initial plans of when he intended to transfigure seawater into rock and then into soil.

'How unrealistic was I?' he pondered in tired amusement to himself.

To transfigure rock into life sustaining earth was almost akin to creating food. Possible yes, easy?

If only…

He reached down and picked up one of the shards of rock and looked it over. Like most things, even the most simplest of things has a degree of complexity to it and soil was just like that.

There was bedrock, there was parent material, subsoil, a horizon and then there was the top soil itself which was comprised of organic matter, silt, sand and clay which created the texture of the soil.

He smiled to himself as he stared at the rock whilst he was crouched down near to the surface.

He rolled the piece of rock in his hand.

It had taken billions of years for life and nature to flourish on Earth and in hundreds of millions of years since, magic had nurtured it, touched it, resonated with it.

It had become so deeply entwined with nature that it had taken a form of sentience, its own form of magic in nature magic and it deepened Life itself.

Caused people, animals, nature itself, to be greatly in tune with the cycles of Life to the point that Atlanteans could glean enough to create the perfect symbolism in Phoenixes.

And so, Life needed the right conditions to flourish.

Life needed Death to thrive, to wither and die so that more could grow.

It also needed magic to become more.

And to bring the world to Life, he needed to sacrifice, to destroy existing Life so that it gives opportunity for Life here on Illos to flourish.

Thankfully, the ritual did not call up any human sacrifice and instead livestock was used. He had read allusions that the Plagues of Egypt had been because of dabbling in human sacrifice by using Jewish people as a medium.

He could understand how those plagues could have come to be if they'd sacrificed even one vengeful magical who had cursed them all with his/her sacrifice.

Goats blood would be more than enough, fortunately.

His elves had bled thousands of goats without killing them. In ancient rituals, goats and cattle had tended to be what was sacrificed and in ancient Egypt, in lieu of human sacrifice, it had been no different, he thought amused.

His smile fell of his face as a mist like ghost figure appeared to walk before him, an apparition that almost impossible to see but just enough that you make out the outlines.

The world around him began to ebb and flow with undulating ripples until the ghostly visage became clearer and he was amidst a bridge of a highly advanced ship with several dozen people around him.

The atmosphere seemed rife with controlled anxiety and simmering fear. People worked quickly as demands were worded out with a stoic expression by a man whose face was becoming ever clearer, his ghost like features solidifying into features that he could see…white face markings that he could make out…

'It was getting worse' he thought with frustration as he stood back up as he clamped down on his magic and his Sight, drawing it ever closer to himself.

The apparitions faded away as reality settled back into existence before his eyes, the sight of barren rock a welcome sight.

It seemed like not even staying awake could keep it at bay.

The texts that Moira's people have left behind, these Perceivers, on how to navigate Living Time, had enhanced his Sight to the point that he could now see the road clearer with more clarity and with active control.

A road that before had been mired with metaphors and obscuration of most of what had laid before, only showing him the relevant sections of the road, the obstructions of what was before him, the splits in the road, was now clearer for the most part even if it was silent and lacked the depth of weight of the visions he had before.

He could See the road when he looked, when he was looking at what is and saw in the same breadth of what could be.

His mind still had trouble wrapping around the possibilities that he could See and it was his fortune that he could unconsciously and increasingly consciously focus on a few probable paths.

But with this deepening of the ability to traverse Time itself, somehow came the susceptibility to the Domain itself and all its chaos…

It had been a surprise…when he had realised what was forcing him to see all of those experiences in his dreams. He at first thought he'd found a way of best of both worlds.

Whereas he could feel himself at times drift away as he traversed the future in Living Time, not unlike a feather surfing on a warm summer's wind, the Domain was akin to an elephant sitting atop a pole with its end boring into his skull.

Even after the first few times he had experienced the experiences, it never got easier and each time he'd experienced the same depths of emotions, often of soul tearing horror and hopeless dismay with very little sense of self, of who he was, resolutely becoming the one whose essence he wore…

A chaos of experiences that the Domain kept on forcing on him, one that wreaked havoc on his slumbering – and now wakened – mind again and again and again…

He didn't understand why…or how.

He knew his ability to traverse Living Time with growing ease had something to do with it but why was that the trigger?

And what could a repository of knowledge want with him?

Even as he thought that, he knew it was wrong.

He knew that the Domain was more than that. His father had been real, or real enough that it made no different…a haven for souls, of essences…

Yet what could it want?

It was these kinds of disquieting and unsettling thoughts, coupled with the intense desire to avoid feeling so out of control in his own dreams, that he had not slept.

Yet it had not brought him peace, not when it had begun to seep into his conscious mind for the past few days, battling with his will and magic as it attempted to force his consciousness to experience what it wanted him to experience.

Shapeless forms breaking and shattering into each other, ghosts of men and women and beings that stood sentinel over hopeless moments, sights that drowned him as rivers of oozing fetid, rank and infectious unity spilled over in sun blotting waves across a field of living green on which he stood…

He closed his eyes as he tried to banish those thoughts.

Surely not…

Always it was like that, ancient happenings of desperate war against an indomitable insatiable enemy that grew stronger as you grew weaker…

Objectively, he had discerned possibilities as to why it was showing him that.

It wasn't hard to understand.

But he wanted nothing to do with it.

He didn't want to know…why it kept showing him that…those ancient conflicts that should have rid the galaxy of their menace and threat of Life.

Because…

They were gone…

…Right?

He hated the feeling of burrowing unease that he could not rip out...

He rose in the air almost frenetically, almost as if he were seeking to outfly his troubling thoughts, his robes fluttering as he climbed and rose several hundred metres before he begun to fly at a more sedate pace towards another part of Illos.

His eyes roved around catching several golems shattering rock before they would place a charged wardstone in its designated area.

The lands of Illos had an area of almost 8000 square kilometres, nearly the size of Crete, as they adjusted the final ovoid dimensions to 83km long and 120km at its widest, greater than the original 77km by 97km they had originally intended by the time they finished the final adjustments a mere few months before they transfigured the asteroid.

This was partially done to allow for greater living space on the inner surface of Illos but also to allow for a wider body that increased the capacity of what be lain within the cavities of Illos with future expansion of capabilities in mind.

Not all of that inner area was just land of course as he neared towards a body of water. It was roughly just over a thousand square kilometres and at its deepest three kilometres deep.

The water was captured from the nearby cold arctic ocean with the use of a modified vanishing cabinet, a simple and inexpensive way to transport the large body of water that did need any further use of magic, and was in the process of purification.

As he neared, he could see the grooves that were made into the surface of the barren rocks, deep grooves that would ran throughout Illos and where certain streams would be turned into the purest of drinking water whilst others would be turned in the clearest streams that would reach out and encircle the future city.

He approached one of areas marked out as a beach front where Emily was.

He outstretched his hands slightly as he slowed down and as he neared her, he hovered in the air for a few seconds before he brought himself down.

She turned to him, her deep blue eyes that glowed brilliantly bored into him as she looked at him.

He offered a small smile to her, once she returned as the corner of her lips curled ever so slightly, before he walked over to her.

She broke their gaze as she returned towards the water "I have checked and the coral groups have taken hold"

"All of them?" he questioned impressed as he turned his gaze towards the body of water.

It had been the first thing they did before the water was transported in. It had served as a good large scale experiment to see success or failure of large scale fertility and eco-establishing rituals.

They'd placed wardstones from the shallow regions to the very seafloor several kilometres down and changed the surface to match tropical and sub-tropical seafloors.

After that, they'd taken diverse range of corals from coral reefs mostly from South East Asia and 'grown' them in all of the shallow regions of the inland sea where they had built substrates for the corals to grow in.

"Not all of them" she told him, a hint of annoyance creeping in her voice "There were species that starved due to the too calm waters." She turned to him as she explained further "It seems like we will need to simulate greater turbulence if we want species that reside in shallower conditions to thrive."

He nodded "We can do that with the pulsers" he said as he stared at the softly ebbing sea. They'd have to increase the rhythmic pulsing of the enchanted devices that were laid out on specific locations that generated the waves.

"Yes." Emily agreed "I've already moved the pulsers towards where I have marked out where the new corals will be encouraged to take hold. It's just a matter now of finding the optimum rate of surges and tides at this location." She said as they continued talking on how to improve the conditions of their ocean.

One of the elves came by to give a status update in that time whilst Alice winked on to report on the numbers of wardstones implanted and when it was projected to be completed.

Not long after a bleeping sound interrupted them.

"Time to go back" she said as she brought out a timeturner from her pocket.

He looked at it with a grimace.

Emily noticed his grimace and her lips twitched with amusement, bearing into the territory of schadenfreude in truth.

"It's going to be a long couple of years if you're dreading going back to Britain this much." Emily said idly.

"Easy for you to say. Your role is as easy as getting a niffler to take a galleon." He said with a pointed look.

Honestly, their roles weren't comparable at present.

"Do you think it's easy to appear as a saint?" she said with a raised eyebrow. "Whilst at the same time trying to ensure that the chaos we're seeding leaves me, largely, free from your taint?"

"No" he admitted "But you have to admit it's rather easy to endure when everyone is fawning over you whereas…" he said with a wave of the hand.

"Whereas with you people are growing ever more discordant as you bully your way into all kinds of businesses, bully your way into forcing centuries old society to changing to your whims causing all those with even a speck of power within the ministry and Wizengamot to look at you with weary and growing distrustful eyes?" she said with a humorous lilt to her voice and with smug amusement in her eyes.

He glared at her for a moment before he allowed a grimace "Yes. Mother Magic, I never realised how tiring it could be."

Honestly, how did other people bear it?

Even if it was just a show, a pantomime, it was god awful and it was tiring. Especially with how he had to restrain himself from ripping some of them apart.

"It if helps, you are doing a spectacular job of it." Emily said. "I've been approached by one of his Slughorn's contacts in the ministry, an undersecretary of some sort yesterday."

"And?" he asked if only to satisfy his curiosity.

Her lips twitched as her eyes sparkled with amusement "I've been asked to convince you to at least retract some of your rather…inflammatory comments."

"Ah." He said with a nod as he begun to smile "Of course you said you'll try"

She shook her head as her face melted into an impressive mournful expression "I explained to him that I am unable to convince you away from the distressing path you've set yourself onto"

"How unfortunate." He said with a shake of the head before he peered at her "We still have many years to go before I'm forced out."

"Yes." She said with the incline of her head "However seeds need to be planted even now." A small smirk grew on her face "It helps that the wider masses are easy to manipulate."

Atticus nodded with a hint of distaste.

Yes…it did help. It always simmered in the back of his mind, the mild guilt, with how much they were contorting people's beliefs, their perception of truth and the…ease in which they allowed them to do so.

The public adored them on a scale that he could only describe as being a mixture of A listed celebrities combined with all the reverence that people like Gandhi or Mandela would have gotten from the people they championed.

The fact that Magical Britain grew up on tales of heroes and champions made it all too easy for them to worm their way into their lives without much resistance…now or in the future.

Whereas he spoke on 'their behalf' in the Wizengamot and churned out invention after inventions that changed society, Emily moved towards gripping the younger generations and British Magical culture, each move and task done to cement her own individuality from his own and solidifying her status as 'A Founder reborn'…

After all, the Founders had effectively built the centrepiece to British society and Emily was only reinforcing that image of hers as someone interested in furthering their legacy.

When the time came, it would be hard for there to be justifications to oust what many would declare part of their own legacy…

And in the wake of that truth, she'd continue to identify and root out the last obstacles.

She continued "The conversation will be relayed to the upper echelons of the Ministry and it will cast some doubt of our relationship, doubt that they won't voice out but it will be a doubt that they'll remember."

He nodded "Perhaps. But it needs to be believable if you don't want to join me in exile" he said with a teasing tone. There was always that risk however small in probability, if they miscalculated, if they overplayed their hand…

If…

She rolled her eyes as she closed the gap between them "Don't worry about my performance, Lord Husband" she said placed her hands around the time turner.

He grabbed her the shoulders as she continued to speak "Just worry about your own." She said with an amused glanced from the corner of her eyes as she turned the time turner back to seven hours, the maximum in which a time turner could go back to.

She'd found it in Grindelwald's caches at not far from Nurmengard when they'd raided it for Atlantean scrolls whilst they left most other tomes behind as the ICW had been on their heels.

Grindelwald had cast a strong obscuring charm that kept the base from being found immediately after his defeat and it was not the only present he had left behind.

Suffice it to say, they were rather forward thinking by bringing some of Seeker Drones to trigger some of the more unique variations of Egyptian death traps.

"I'm never worried about my performances, Lady Wife. I'm sure if we had neighbours, they could attest to that." He said salaciously with a teasing grin. She glanced up, her smile growing as her lips twitched at the comment.

"I expect you to keep true to those words, dear husband" she said as her eyes burned a vivid blue as her lips stretched wide and, with a swirl, they were back in time and back to their lives in Britain.

For the next few weeks, in between moving their plans for Britain along, they continued to work on the ocean whilst they also worked on finalising the large scale ritual that would transform depths of several hundred metres of barren rock into soil.

They'd settled on turning the soil to Welsh and central English soil. Most of the barren rock was uneven with several hundred metre high peaks of rock. Transforming it into similar but fertile topography was the most efficient way to do it without resorting into long, tedious projects that would take months to complete.

They could have diverted The Facility to build some automated machines to speed up the process but it was unnecessary.

After all, there would be other opportunities to make Illos more fertile.

During that time, his mood had deteriorated as continued to prevent himself from sleeping as much as possible with Occlumency, only worsening with each experience in the few times he had slept, something that hadn't gone unnoticed by Emily though it was uncommented upon.

She knew that he wouldn't lie to her but it seemed like she was waiting for him to tell her. It was heartening, this show of patience and care yet he knew it was coming to an end.

Whilst he continued to sleep alongside Emily in their bedroom, he never fell asleep, his Occlumency never dropping and when he needed to sleep, he'd been alone.

And each time he awoke from those episodes, his magic had been out of control and his mind sluggish, briefly unaware of where he was…

Each time, he tried harder not to sleep.

Unfortunately, those experiences, though diluted, were happening several times a day now while awake.

He knew that it was not sustainable, he was already feeling more and more haggard, worse than he had felt during the worst of the war in the early months in France.

Creatures, horrors in truth, that had indomitable wills, indomitable desires to consume and to ruin all life…

"You've been gone for a little while." He heard and it thankfully shook him out of his troubled thoughts as he turned towards the source of the loud but soothing voice.

His mother was looking at him with inspecting eyes as she walked towards him. He plastered a smile on his face for her.

It wouldn't do to worry her for no reason. Not tonight.

His mother, Emily, the Flamels, Dayton, Sandra, Derek, Moira and Rockwood were all here tonight, here to witness the grand effects of the ritual that would start as soon as the clock struck midnight.

All of them had come before, at one stage or another, to Illos and had expressed interest in seeing the ritual performed though Nicolas had helped somewhat with adding an alchemic component to the ritual that maximised the effect with the volume of goat's blood used in the ancient ritual.

"Just wanted to take a last moment to take in what Illos was before it was changed forever." He said to her with a smile, the lie effortlessly rolling off his tongue.

He extended out his hand as she walked up the hill and gently guided her on top of the small mounted rock. He glanced past her and gazed at towards the barren rocks as tens of thousands of squares glowed faintly all around them.

"It won't be long now" he commented and she hummed in agreement.

She smiled at she stared out "Markus used to love to tell me tales of his family in Egypt." Her smile grew as she focused on the glowing squares. "The land had been a fascination of his like it had been for so many of his – yours – forbearers."

He remembered. Father had often told him about the ancestors who 'adventured' to Egypt in search of lost heritage.

"He'd have love to see this." He said a little quietly.

"Yes." She agreed with a fond sadness. "He would have loved it all." She finished as mother and son stood by each other, comfortable with the other's close presence before they continued talk – though this time about happier things – for a little while.

Time ticked away and soon enough it was time for the ritual.

"Mother, are you up to arrive there in style?" he asked her with a slight grin as he checked the time. There were about five minutes to go before the ritual was set to start. They could apparate there since it was half a mile away but he thought his way might be more fun.

His mother turned to him, a fine eyebrow arching as she took a moment to process what he was talking about and the moment she understood, a mischievous smile cut across her face before she nodded.

"Grab hold of me. Tightly." He warned her lightly.

She grabbed hold of him and he sighed inaudibly as he let go the reigns of his magic slightly and soon enough they were afloat and flying away.

After a minute or two flying, they saw the congregation by the Ritual site and as they crowd turned to face them, he set his mother down with care as they arrived.

"He took you flying?" Nicolas asked "He never once accepted my pleading." He said put out.

"Didn't you fly around just earlier?" Derek asked with a raised eyebrow.

"Pah! That's not the same." Nicolas waved dismissively "Anyone can make cloak of levitation."

Derek and Sandra shared a glance that said much, something that was worded out by Rockwood.

Rockwood laughed "I think you estimate everyone too much. I don't know how you got that cloak to work so well even turning a corner without effort and I do well in Runes!"

Nicolas turned around and faced the young man who was still in his Hogwarts uniform. "Ah, you see, it's not Runes, its enchanted! Runes wouldn't be able to respond so well with reading slight body movement."

"So you have tied the enchantment with read minor movement of some part of your body, likely your hands?" His mother asked curiously and Nicolas smiled as he nodded.

"Yes." He said as his face turned sour "It's not as smooth as you think either. You can get used it, I suppose, but it's not as fluid as his method is." Nicolas said grudgingly.

"And that is why I don't take you up." Atticus said with a grin. "You'd figure out exactly how I do it and it wouldn't surprise me if you managed to replicate it, in your own way."

Nicolas' eyes widened before he narrowed them deep in thought. Atticus waited for him to say anything further but it seemed like he was lost in though.

Perry walked to them and took one look at his face and turned to him as she wrapped her hands around his arm. "He'll be like this for a few moments, ignore him." She said with a kind smile. "Emily's waiting for you." She added as she walked towards the others.

He nodded to her before giving his mother a brief smile before he left.

He saw Emily standing there, her back facing him as she stood by the ritual centre, a centre that had well over a dozen lines that emanated from the centre and would split off into hundreds and then thousands as it connected with wardstones in this massive, elaborate runic circle.

He approached the ritual centre, one that was tied to the wardstone squares all around Illos, and stepped next to Emily who had a knife in her hand.

His hand rose and his fingers twitched as a clock appeared above them.

11:58 it read out.

Emily turned to him "Had fun clearing your mind?" she asked him, her tone light but her knowing eyes bored into him.

"Not so much." He admitted to her. He turned away from her gaze

"I will tell you when you ask." He told her after a moment passed.

He saw her looking at him in the corner of his eyes, her expression softening in a way none other than him could know and he knew her silent thanks for what it was.

The clock ticked to 11:59pm.

He extended his hand before her and she took a glance at the clock and when it struck 00:00am, she slashed his hand and the drops of his blood fell onto the marked circle, and with a dim glow, it seeped into the earth.

Emily extended out her own hand and slashed it, her blood adding to his blood.

His wound healed within seconds just as hers did and they raised their hands in a praying motion.

"Ⲛⲉⲙ ⲙⲁⲥ ⲥⲛⲟϥ ⲁⲛⲟⲛ ⲇⲁϥⲉ ⲛⲓ ⲁⲡⲉ. Ⲛⲉⲙ ⲛⲓ ⲥⲛⲟϥ ⲛⲓ ⲇⲟⲣⲟⲛ, ⲁⲛⲟⲛ ϫⲟⲩ ⲙ ϣⲗⲏⲗ ⲟⲛ ⲁϥⲧⲟ ⲑⲉⲣ ⲩⲉⲇⲉ ϫⲁⲣⲓⲝ, ⲥⲏϫⲉⲙ ⲙⲁⲥ ⲧⲱⲣⲱⲛ, ⲙⲉⲧⲣⲉϥϯⲫⲁϧⲣⲓ!" [With our blood, we pay the cost. With the blood of the sacrifice, we ask and pray for this land to live, hear our offering, Lady Magic!]

They chanted out, the streams of blood that coursed in channels from one wardstone to another lit up, its radiant red glow almost outshining the sunlight orbs, the magic in the air growing more and more as they stepped back.

His eyes glowed when he opened himself up to the full breadth of the streams of magic, intent on feeling the ritual effects as the wardstones grew brighter and brighter.

Bubbles of multi-spectral light ruptured around where the wardstones had been placed, spheres of magic that grew as each second passed and as it continued to pass through the rock, he could see the change, so tiny, so minute but growing as time went by and it was almost akin to seeing a flower opening up its petals to the nurturing warmth of the sun.

"Do you see it?" he whispered to Emily as neither broke their gaze of the sights before them.

"The spheres of magic? Yes…faintly." She told him, her voice was even but he could sense her excitement, her pleasure at seeing such large scale efforts of magic.

He was pleased for her before he refocused on the changing environment.

The bubbles passed through them all, at first just the nearest ones but then it was all of them, like unrelenting waves of energy, of magic, passing through them harmlessly even as the soil they stood upon changed physically.

It had been gradual, slow but undeniable as hardened rock made way for hardened earth and then soil, no doubt comprised with organic matter, silt, sand and clay, all of which had been the part of the ritual as the 'base' on which to convert the barren rock to.

Neither of them said anything and none behind them did either and it was twenty eight minutes later that the last of the magic ebbed away.

Atticus crouched down and sunk his fingers into the soil.

It broke apart under the pressure and his fingers dug into it.

It was perfect.

"Magic never stops to amaze me…" He heard Sandra say as she approached them with the rest of the people.

He stood back up, a smile on his face "I couldn't agree more."

The earth may still be barren but it was earth and now complex Life can grow on it.

It was not long after that they celebrated with a feast around a campfire, drink and food had been consumed as Poker was played.

Merriment and outrage had been the entertaining song of the night as scuffles and arguments accompanied competitive games of Poker, different generations and different experiences of life melting away as all were immersed in the friendly games.

And when the games had played out, conversation sparked about how to seed plant life, to ensure all kinds of plants, trees and forest plant life could take hold in the new earth, Rockwood questioning and Nicolas and Perry answering, whilst Moira spoke amusedly with an increasingly inebriated Derek, his mother speaking with Emily about the next phase for Illos…

It was on nights like these, nights of sharing and comradery that had made him forget the future and the past as he lived in the present, with those who had come to share in the small but significant step towards the realisation of Illos.

It was not long before people began to depart. Moira and the Flamels had been first to leave. His mother and Dayton had been next until he, Emily, Derek, Sandra and Rockwood remained for a little while longer.

Derek snorted at something Rockwood had said and Sandra slapped him on the shoulder "What was that for?" Derek asked a little perplexed.

"Don't make that noise. It's unbecoming." Sandra said almost in an imperious tone but it was rather tainted with the clear notes of inebriation in her voice.

"What noise?" Derek asked.

"You know very well what noise. You know, that pppprttt" Sandra mimicked exaggeratedly "The noise you make when you effectively want to say hippogriff shit in a rather obnoxious way."

Derek turned away from Sandra and drank heavily from his pint of strong ale "I'm not being the one who is obnoxious right now" he muttered under his breath but loud enough for everyone to hear.

It resulted in Sandra slapping his shoulder again though this time causing Derek to yelp out "What is it with you woman and turning violent when you have a bit of drink in you?!" he exclaimed out though he was more amused than at all angry.

"Violent?" Sandra asked with dangerous narrowed eyes.

"I meant affectionate" Derek said with an appeasing tone as he grinned awkward whilst at the same time shifting ever so slightly away from his fiancée.

Emily gave Atticus a look as she arched a brow, as if to say 'Your associates, your problem' and his eyes shined with mild mirth before it evaporated away.

As entertaining as it had been, it was time for it to end.

"Derek" Atticus said commandingly, his voice travelling through the air with a crispness that demanded to be heard. Derek turned to him and after the look Atticus had given him, he had understood despite the haze of drunkenness.

"Come on dear" Derek said as he stood up "It's nearly five, we've got to get home."

"It was lovely to see you all!" Sandra said before they disappeared in a swirl.

"I think it's high time for me to go as well" Rockwood said as he stood up. He turned to them and bowed.

"Lord Sayre, my Lady" the young man said with a deep bow. "I wanted to thank you for allowing me to see an opportunity of a lifetime. I do not think I will have it again see such incredible displays of ritualistic magic." He finished with hints of amazement in his voice as he straightened up.

"You've proven yourself to be a capable and keen student of magic, Rockwood. It was only right to invite you along." Emily said with keen eyes.

"Even if what had happened afterwards wasn't what you were used to" Emily said with a playful smirk.

Atticus' lips curled at her playfulness. He didn't have much to do with Emily's…associates.

Emily no doubt had a stern and dominating presence that her people saw and knew so to see her act so…out of character amongst people likely was a strange experience for the young man.

He wasn't surprised that Rockwood got to see this glimpse of another side to Emily.

Out of her associates, he knew she favoured Rockwood.

Rockwood flushed as he smiled sheepishly "Yes…I certainly didn't expect to be playing a muggle game with you, the Flamels…or with muggleborns."

"No, I doubt you would have." Emily said with a tug of her lips.

Rockwood looked her at understandingly before nodded and took out his portkey. He bowed once more before he disappeared in a swirl.

"You trust him." Atticus simply said as he stared at his wife.

She glanced at him. "I trust his loyalty." She simply answered as she stood up.

"He is devoted to me just as Lestrange is though each of them will serve a different purpose. Seeing me like this…at ease and informal, far different to how I was at Hogwarts and now in the public sphere, gives him the feeling that he is close to me, that he holds a privileged position that none of the others in the inner circle do."

She turned to him "He will do all that I ask without question, without coercion." She said with a faint smile as her dark blue eyes set on him.

From what he knew, he was an intelligent young man who had a mind for research and was able to approach things from a creative viewpoint.

He would be perfect for the Unspeakables…and their goals there.

A mind free from alteration or influence was necessary for their more difficult plans.

Atticus hummed as he moved towards his wife. "And the others?" he asked her as he stopped in front of her, his hand rising as he placed the back of his hand gently across her face. "How are things shaping up with them?"

"They are eager to persuade their families join their banners to mine." Her eyes shadowed, no doubt memories played at that moment before they flashed away. "Offering me their families' influence is the height of what most of them can offer me so it is not a surprise it is what they think will get them into my grace." She said with no arrogance, as if such behaviour was as natural as breathing. To her it likely was. To have others offering more and more of themselves until there was nothing left.

"Lord Malfoy has reached out to me a number of times, persistent and keen to establish a cordial relationship with me. Abraxas must have been convincing to his father. No doubt witnessing the creation of Illos remains a firm fixture in his mind." Her smirk grew as her eyes lit up in delight.

"Not surprising given that he was quite shaken for some time after the event." She added, taking joy of ruining someone entire worldview even as her eyes dilated as he stroked her hair back behind her ear.

He brought his lips down to hers, stopping a mere half inch away. "And?" he let escape from his lips as brought up his other hand and caressed her face.

"The Carrows, the Princes, the Notts have all had their heads of Houses inquiring about me beyond just their heirs…questioning whether or not I am someone that could be allied with." She said, her warm breath coating his lips as she moved closer to his body and her arm snaking around his back.

"Cautious." He said slowly as he stared at her beckoning lips. "Likely to make sure despite their heirs' encouragement, that they don't ally with someone that shares the same beliefs as her husband despite their heirs' assurances." He said in a humming tone, the rumbling in his throat sounding more like a growl as he neared the end of his sentence.

Her tongue swept across her blood red lips, a motion that resulted in the bottom of her tongue touching his own lips with a passing glance, one that he could hear sent both of their hearts racing.

"That sounds right." Emily whispered musically "Eventually they will bow like any other insignificant being but until then…I suppose I must suffer the consequences of your…" she whispered in a near entrancing tone "foolisshh…" warm air was pushed from her lips in a deliberate manner pressed against his lips "carelesssss…." She said as her hands travelled up his arms "gambit…"

"Hmm…my husband is all kinds of trouble…" she trailed off before she leaned forward, placing her plush, soft lips onto his and he pulled her in, deepening the kiss.

Emily broke the kiss almost violently as her eyes blazed with intense longing, a longing that roused the lust within him even further.

`Home` Emily hissed out as the portkey took them away in a swirl, a swirl that leave them back to their home and where they would in a feast of passion, satiate their desires and love well into dawn.

……..
[Excerpts and Alternate perspective from Halo Silentium by Greg Bear]

He appeared before her with his most loyal warriors.

They stood between her and the orange sun and it was apt that it was so, to stop her from marching into distance without knowing the danger that remained unknown.

"Librarian" he said as he stepped forward, into the light.

He sees her eyes soften in pity for she sees what he is, for what he feels.

He was ravaged, darkened by blotches and his flesh rotting from within. Pain was his state of being.

He should be angry at this woman, at this being whose race ended his yet he found himself only holding…affection…for this woman that had championed his people's remnants, this woman that had raised them as her children.

"We have been allowed to come here to die. The Gravemind…" he coughed, harshly, painfully, but he pressed on. It needed to be said

"The Gravemind is on its way to the secret Ark, preparing to devour whatever hopes you've laid up there. But it has sent us to you with a final message, Great Mother…"

He said as he and his warriors closed the gap between themselves and her.

Her expression is pitiful and horrified.

He understood.

They were pitiful, they were horrific.

Death, when it came, would be a final release of the torment his enemies had brought upon him and his warriors.

"This we're told by the Gravemind, the greatest of them, who has consumed ten thousand planets and brought entire galaxies to an end. This is what we're told…"

They kneeled at her feet, the love and affection his host had felt turned overwhelming.

This woman whom they had come to see as their mother.

Life mocked them all.

How terrible it was that their descendants had come to love the wife of the man who destroyed them all yet he could not disagree however much he could?

That within his essence he had come to see her as a mother too?

"You are my children." The Librarian whispered and he spoke in his host' tongue, affectionately and lovingly as the grip of death tightened around them.

"I listen, Forthencho"

Memories flashed by him as the name resonated within him, memories of a proud warrior, equal to this woman's husband, fighting a hopeless war on two fronts with all the violence and destruction it necessitated yet ultimately coming short to save his people from its inevitable doom.

It was proud name. It was a defeated name.

"The precursors lived in many shapes, flesh and spirit, primitive and advanced, spacefaring and locked to their worlds…Evolved over and over again, died away, were reborn, explored and seeded many galaxies…this I was told. I understand little."

He understood little but he remembered that there were others of his people who had understood more, who saw more.

"We are your children, Librarian. But we are also their children. And what they learned across many billions of years they stored in this galaxy. We do not know where. The Gravemind tells us something impossible to understand – that most of what has been gathered comes from before there were stars. We do not believe in such a time, but the Mind insists...The life-patterns and living wisdom of a hundred billion years.

They tell me the immense field projected by this reserve is known to Forerunners, was once accessed by them. Is that so, Librarian?"

Her expression turned to horror as she stepped away, as she began to comprehend.

His people once knew of the Domain and traversed through it yet they had never known where it had been stored.

"I'm listening" she said, more urgent this time.

"The Gravemind no more understands the whole truth than we do. It is past all our understanding, from the greatest, to the smallest. This reserve was wrapped around Precursor architecture, protected for many billions of years. Out there" he said as he pointed towards the blue sky "Perhaps if there were enough time, we could find it. But when the Halos are fired, not only will sentient life across the galaxy vanish but all that knowledge will vanish as well. The greatest treasure of all will be destroyed.

Her expression turned into unsettled dismay as Life and its experiences were set to be destroyed twice over with the firing of the Halos.

"I will send a message" she told him.

Forthencho found himself echoing with the Gravemind's horrific humour as his cracked lips stretched to allow a laugh

"You don't understand me, Librarian. The effects of the Halo radiation are already felt" he told her and saw the flicker of anger and disbelief on her face.

He grabbed hold of her hands, squeezing once before he let go and fell to his knees.

"The Halos will be fired" he said as he felt the horrifying unity trembling and withering "They are being fired. They have been fired!" he said in growing agony as he collapsed forward into the dirt and grass.

He wheezed and tried to sing an old warrior song.

It was time, he was finally dying.

An end to this horror.

Their vain attempts to plant the seed of their parent, their awful parent, would never come to pass.

Perhaps it was for the best.

…………..
[Excerpt from Halo Silentium by Greg Bear]

He stared out into ocean of space.

The time had come.

The installations have been sent to their strategic positions within the galaxy.

Almost nothing is moving out there. Many questions remain unanswered. What we do know to a virtual certainty is that the power of the Flood and the reawakened might of the Precursors will be extinguished.

The beam energy of the installations cannot travel slower than light, and ultimately, will propagate at near infinite velocities. Already, two of our Halos report pre-echoes that suggest the combined discharge has already happened.

What choice remains to me, then?

Somewhere, sometime, I have already given the order …

Offensive Bias passes along more messages. Broken, fragmented, desperate—from individual ships, the survivors of decimated fleets, outposts finally able to send data, now that slipspace has resumed its mysterious liberation.

One purports to be from the Lifeshaper, but there is high probability it is fake. After all, it is signed Librarian. She would not willingly use that name to sign a message, not to me.

There is nothing to say, no way to respond to their cries for assistance, for attention, for one last chance to connect with what remains of the ecumene. No way to respond to their cries to give them time to make repairs, to move.

I take complete responsibility. It is my decision.

"Do we delay?" Offensive Bias asks.

"No delay," I say.

"Check point for final abort, ten seconds. Installation 04—Alpha Halo, it shall be called—will initiate discharge, followed sequentially by the remaining installations. The rings will fire once their fields intersect."

And then follow so many details, all handled superbly by Offensive Bias. The metarch has taken its final fleet back to the Line, running ahead to meet Mendicant Bias and the Gravemind—and a fleet of Flood ships larger than has ever been witnessed. That battle will delay our foes long enough to finish what has already been set in motion. Ironic that in this deadly act there is such grace and perfection of execution. This will be the greatest combined operation in the history of Warriors, in the history of Forerunners. It is proceeding flawlessly. We will feel side-effects, how intensely, no one can tell.

There has never been such power unleashed all at once. I press the activation plate and close my eyes.

"Forgive us," I say. Have said. Will always say.

Deep, harrowing rupturing howls of unknowable consciousnesses bawled at him, its reverberations echoing unfathomably within the very structures of magic herself, torn and ripped and shredded as if unbreakable claws were sunken deep within its membranes, within its universal flesh.

Consciousness came to him as he rode waves of unending maelstroms of disharmony, of madness and his body shook, tremored, in the wake of this quake.

"Atticus!" he heard a stern but concerned voice calling his name and he realised that he was afloat and it wasn't him that was shaking, not entirely, but rather their bedroom as his turbulent magic wrecked and sheared at the world around him.

He calmed his racing heart and slowly withdrew his magic as he tilted himself back feet downward. He was shaking, glancing around with wide eyes, in cold clinging sweat.

The bed was ripped apart, as if a Taurus had come and ran it through with its horns, shredding it to pieces. The wardrobes were shattered and splintered, the marble walls and floor were cracked.

His stomach dropped, realising the degree in which he'd lost control.

"Atticus." He heard once more and his eyes turned to her. She was furious but there was naked concern in her eyes, concerns that echoed from the feelings he was picking up from her.

Her nightgown was ruffled and her wand was out. From the bend of the damage around her, he realised that she likely had to shield herself from his…episode.

A feeling of loathing crept within him.

"I'm…I'm sorry." He said quietly, almost in a resigned tone as their gazes met.

Emily said nothing for a while before her wand twisted like a blur and their bedroom began to repair itself as shattered woods creaked back together and pieces flew into cracks and cracks closed up.

Everything began to return to where they once were and during that time their gaze never broke.

"I've been having…trouble with an unintended consequence of traversing through Living Time." He admits as the last piece of furniture returned to its original place.

He turned away from her gaze and sat at the foot of the bed as his hands trailed across his face.

"You know it's been…growing. I see more now than ever before…to the point where I can See the future in my waking moments" he told her before he looked up at the ceiling.

"But there are also the involuntary visions and experiences of the past. Visions, experiences that I have little to no control over. Glimpses of ancient happenings, of wars fought in greater magnitudes than I ever imagined possible…" he said almost to himself as he closed his eyes. "Horrific choices that were better than none…"

The damage caused to Magic herself…

Not even Moira's tales of what had happened during their wars prepared him for months of grim experiences of what her people and the Forerunners had faced…

What the Forerunners had done…

He felt her magic reach out to him and he closed his eyes with contentment. She sat next to him and he reopened his eyes and turned to her.

Her expression was gentle and soft, a rare expression that was worth more than any priceless artefact. She raised her hand and caressed his face.

"That's why you've been refusing to sleep." She stated as her startling blue eyes met his own.

"Yes." He said with a weary and worn half grimace.

"Show me." She asked of him. "Show me what you see."

And so he showed her.

He showed her of the battles in space, the horror of the Sickness, the wicked intelligence of the beings that stemmed from the Sickness, all of it – almost.

And through all of it, the glint in her eyes slowly sharpened before like dark sapphire gems as he showed her of what the Domain had made him see.

"You're right." Emily said after moments had passed, after she processed the experiences and visions he'd shared.

He saw that she was concerned, not shaken but unsettled. He spared her the depths of emotions that came with each experience.

"This is intentional." Emily said with narrowed eyes. "And I'm not so sure whatever it is that is making you see all of this is benign." She said with pursed lips.

"You don't think it's Magic?" he said curiously. He didn't think it was either, his mind going back on what he had felt after those weapons were fired.

It had shredded Her.

Yet what he had felt from the consciousnesses was far too distinct, too Abstract for it to have been Magic herself.

"No." she said after a moment as she peered at him seemingly studying him "Your relationship with Magic has always been…silent but present. Less so when you pleaded to her when Grindelwald…" she trailed off.

He looked at her with mild surprise. "Silent but present?"

She tilted her head as she spoke, almost annoyed "Surely you have noticed, Atticus? Magic clings around you like you are a part of it…more so than any other magical, may it be Beings or Creatures or otherwise."

He said nothing for a moment.

He hadn't noticed.

Was he really that in tune with Magic?

She continued, breaking him from his contemplation "There is more to this…Domain than we know. It's effectively a Realm within Magic, no? We all know that there is precedent for creations of Magic to develop sentience when it had not been planned for…or worse" Her eyes darkened.

"There could be something that wants you think that." She said, her voice low and agitated.

"I thought that might be possible." He admitted to her. "That I'm being influenced by one of those things"

He had wondered about that ever since he began to understand what he was seeing.

But…

Why would they give up their advantage if they were still out there?

Even under subterfuge?

Was it taunting him about what it would take to stop them?

He clenched his fists as he steadied himself.

He could never condone that to Her, to his people.

No…

As he calmed himself, as his mind whirled on the possible motivations whatever it was forcing him.

It was possible it wasn't them but wishful thinking would not do, not when he had gleaned so painfully for months of the kind of insidious intelligence they possessed through experiences of lives once lived.

"It's possible." Emily allowed "If what I saw that creature speak of is true…" a flicker of unreadable emotion flashed on her face before it disappeared "That there is a link between these Precursors and the Sickness, then it stands to reason that they could be doing something to the Domain. Though why exactly, I don't know." She adjusted her nightgown slightly as her emotions leaked.

Suspicion and grudging anger.

She knew as well as he did that psychological torture was a good enough reason on its own.

"When did you say this started?" she asked absentmindedly.

"It was after I got the hang of traversing Living Time…in truth it was soon after I managed to figure out how to layer the future onto the present." He said to her.

He learned to turn his glimpses into broadcasts and it unravelled the threads of possibilities in Living Time in the present. His ability to see the infinity of magic, knowing magic, Neurophysical Energy, was entwined within the fabric of the universe, allowed him to layer the future onto the present in his mind, in his eyes.

After all…

Visions were merely glimpses of Living Time granted through Magic.

Yet…it had the unintended side effect the Domain suddenly opening up to him. A feat that he never wished to happen despite its alluring knowledge.

The temptation of seeking out his father had been strong but he remained anchored. These experiences with the Domain only strengthened that anchor.

"You've shared with me visions of what is likely to come but never what you've just described" she said with intense curiosity.

They'd always talked about what he'd Seen, many times he'd share the visions with her, and from that they worked out the steps they needed to take for their plans but he hadn't shared this with her yet.

"Do you want me to share memories?" he asked her and she shook her head.

"Just describe it to me."

"It feels like I'm part of time itself." He said after a moment. "Just as I see the footsteps of my future self, I can also see the future selves of others…silently moving before they move just as I see echoes of possibilities, of probable steps and paths." He said with hints of reverence.

Like a watchmaker who could see in his mind the position of every single gear within his watch with each passing tick of the second.

She looked at him with a strange look, one he couldn't quite place.

"You watch my future often, don't you?" she asked after a few seconds.

He met her gaze. "At times. When I'm not with you." He confirmed. He wouldn't lie to her.

He liked watching the possibilities around her and he found himself gain a newfound admiration for how well she understood the threads that held people together…and how well she understood where to pull to unravel them.

"I can't see everything. The further I see, the more the road snakes unless I look in macroscale which is clearer but no less changing all the time." He said with a weary tug of the lips. It seemed like people were like lakes always pelted with little pebble stones whilst places, like Illos, were more like calm oceans surfaces quietly ebbing and flowing within a scale but still prone to major unrest

"I try not to but you're often on my mind." he said with an unashamed look on his face.

She rolled her eyes but he sensed she wasn't too displeased by it.

"Do you want to learn?"

She looked at him oddly "You've seen me learn" she simply stated.

"It's a possibility." He told her before he continued "The future is never set. Like rivers they change. At our hands or by itself." Though it was likely she would learn.

He'd seen more often than not that she'd develop what seemed a tangible sense for probabilities and what lead to divergences of significance.

It was different to how he saw Living Time, an array of visual stimulation that worked in perfect harmony with his Sight, former glimpses turned into broadcasts that became clearer each day that passed.

He suspected from his visions that people with the Sight likely would likely see what he saw and whilst everyone else could only further develop their sixth sense towards the threads of Living Time.

"Not until we can find out exactly what has led to this loss of control." She said finally, shelving it for another time.

"Do you think Moira might know about this…phenomenon?" she asked.

Atticus gazed away from her. He was almost certain she did.

"Yes." He admitted. "I think she knows and I think she expects me to come to her."

"But you haven't."

She said she couldn't access the Domain and he wasn't sure if she'd be much help. In reality, he didn't really want to.

"No. I don't want to rely on her." He said carefully. They were relying on her too much in the first place. Illos would have been built. It would have taken longer, yes but eventually it would exist.

But…but would they have been able to leave Sol within the next hundred years? Even if they could have, they would have gone into a Universe that they knew little off and not even he with his visions and Sight could have prepared them.

They were very dependent on her and while Moira was his ancestor, she was still manoeuvring him into place, had been manoeuvring him into place. She confessed as much with the tale of the long term plot of her people that included her own daughter.

The more they wean themselves off of the dependency on her, the better off they would be.

"Good." Emily said almost satisfied. "She might be an ally, an important ally" Emily said grudgingly "But she isn't to be trusted, not completely."

She pointedly averted her eyes after a few seconds from his knowing gaze. Her wariness was strengthened by her dislike of the woman. Emily was a very prideful woman and Moira had dented it last year. Still, despite the mostly one sided enmity, Emily worked with Moira well enough.

His expression shifted as he returned his mind back to the problem at hand. "There is only one path." He said with much resistance.

It was going to take time to train his mind and his magic to subconsciously prevent the forced experiences from happening.

He avoided it long enough, he supposed. He'd Seen it working from the way he'd seemed at ease but he'd also seen that it would be a worse time than he had so far. In truth, he dreaded it. What could be worse than what he'd experienced so far?

She turned to him, her eyes showing that she reached the same conclusion "To train yourself to avoid it even in your sleeping state?" she asked and he grimaced affirmatively.

"You'll have to avoid being in public until you've gotten this under control." She mused.

"In case it gets worse?" he said mirthlessly.

"Yes. Last thing we'd need is an occurrence whilst you're awake" She said firmly before she paused, a mild frown on her face. "It was somewhat like at the beginning of Hyper-Percipience, right?" she asked keenly.

"That took years to control." He pointed out. That would be a cakewalk in comparison to this.

And he'd taken his time with it.

Something that he wouldn't be able to, or do, in this instance.

"Yes." She agreed, her eyes sharpening "Years we most certainly don't have. That is why you'll sleep every night until you can force it out, until you can sense when the intrusion of visions is coming and keep it out." Her lips curled as her eyes bored into him

"You've already said that you could force it out during your waking hours proving that you can do it at all." She sighed and her tone was softer as she continued "You don't do yourself any favours by delaying what needs to be done." She said as her thumb circled softly on his cheek, a knowing glint in her eyes.

"It will take months." He said after a moment as he looked away from her.

"If it must." Emily said matter-of-factly and she continued before he could speak "We can adjust our plans. We have always adjusted our plans as and when it was needed. We're still early enough in it anyway that there is little consequence." She said promptly.

He gave her a small smile, one she understood when she spoke

"Did you think I was going to let you to deal with this alone?" she asked as she removed her hand from his face but he snatched it before she could withdraw completely.

"I didn't. You never would." he said implication clear in his words. He brought her hand to his lips and kissed it gently. "You are, after all, my partner in everything." He said after he gripped her hand tightly.

Something passed in her eyes before she allowed a smile to form before she grew serious again.

"We can't ignore the possibility that the parasites might still be around…that this Domain is in fact warning us." She said with tight lips.

"I know…we'll need to prepare for that possibility." He said slowly. He had thought on what they could do and he had some ideas.

He thought they might have to defend their civilisation from other, unknown threats. Perhaps even the Forerunners that might have retreated somewhere. Not resurgent parasites that might have infected whole ga-…

"I will have Alice prepare the groundwork for the research projects that I have in mind." Atticus said finally.

She nodded. "Good." She paused for a moment as she peered at him for a while until she spoke again "Do you think we should accelerate our plans?"

After a few seconds had passed he spoke up "No."

"We can't change our plans that drastically without stabilising everything which will be counter to our long term goals." He shook his head "I'm not getting the impression that it is imminent." He looked away from her.

"You know I have seen a few decades into the future Emily…not too much, mostly of Illos and the war in Europe but nothing has happened in that time that involves the parasites." He had seen Illos grow and he'd seen Britain turn.

He'd seen Europe flock to a conspiracy, whilst the rest of the world beckoned forth.

"Very well." She said with a nod.

"You know…" he began slowly as he turned to her completely.

"We could have that honeymoon we never went on."

She raised her eyebrow before her nose pinched slightly "That would be a good way to get out of the public sphere until you re-establish control." She said thoughtfully.

"India." Atticus said after a moment.

She looked at him curiously and he explained further. "It's large enough that we can disappear from anyone watching us and has enough going for it that we can occupy our time with. There might be plenty of ancient magical sites that we can plunder after we check with the satellites and there is also the fact that we can visit the parselmouth village that I visited before Hogwarts with Benedict."

Her eyes lit up as the idea of finding more magical texts and she liked the idea of visiting other parselmouths even more from the way she relaxed until she stared at him.

"How long have you known we'd go to India?"

"Weeks." He admitted. He'd seen the path he wanted settle in then. When the possibilities led to the man on the mountain temple.

She remained silent for a moment "Even for myself, it's hard to comprehend that you live in the future as much as in the present." He felt something from her, nothing clear but he understood enough.

"Even then, I never forget you, Emily. How could I? When even in the future we are as bound as magic is to existence itself" he said quietly.

"You are my anchor. In our present. In our future."

That was the truth and he made sure she felt it unhidden in his magic as he reached out to with his magic, his magic washing over her with eager truthfulness, of sincerity.

The corner of her lips ticked upward as the edges of her eyes softened.

"And that will always be the case, I promise." He said before he brought her hand to his lips and kissed it, his eyes shining with an unbridled pledge.

It was a few days afterwards, after they put things in order and a few restless nights, that they left and soon enough they were on the international floo to India.

As they exited the international floo station at the Indian Ministry, they were met by group of men led by an immaculately dressed greyed man with dark brown skin and wore a beaming smile on his face.

"Namaste Lord and Lady Sayre" the man said kindly as he joined his palms together, a greeting several others of the group did whilst what he presumed were guards remained at attention.

Atticus smiled at the man and incline his head "Namaste." He said just as Emily did as his eyes read the people before them.

"I am Darshan Jaganathan, Deputy Minister of the Indian Ministry and these men here are Anuja Kondalwar and Sanjay Joshi, senior undersecretaries of the Ministry." The man said to them.

"Quite the welcoming." Emily remarked as she looked at them with a raised eyebrow.

The man chuckled exuberantly "Of course!" he exclaimed as he clapped his hands, gripping them tightly for a moment as he continued "It's not every day a defeater of a truly terrible Dark Lord comes to visit our wonderful country, let alone the fact that both of you are from such storied noble lineages!" the man unclasped his hands and waved one of them lazily.

"To not come to welcome you personally would have been discourteous, as I'm such you understand." The man finished with a smile.

Atticus smiled politely "Of course." He turned to Emily who met his gaze briefly before they broke away and he continued "And we're honoured by it." He said which made the man smile even larger.

The next hour had been tedious but informative as the deputy minister 'welcomed them' to India. They hadn't been shy in the way they displayed utmost respect whilst they carefully questioned why they were here.

"We should have snuck in" Emily commented dryly as they stepped out of the illusioned alleyway that hid the entrance to the Indian Ministry. Emily waved her wand around them and their clothes changed to the local attire before she waved once more and an illusion charm spread over them that changed their features and skin tone to that of locals.

They turned a corner and walked out further into the busy street that was packed with people.

Atticus waved his hand over them and a mild aversion charm settled that ensured a healthy distance between them and the locals as they traversed through the street.

"Back home they're already reporting that we're on a 'honeymoon' in India" he said with a glance at her. "As much fun as sneaking in might have been, I'm not sure the trouble would have been worth it" he concluded to her with a light amused smile.

She rolled her eyes but said nothing further knowing the truth of the matter. They were 'public figures' now and their disappearance for a month or longer would have stirred a beehive which was why they let this trip to 'leak'.

"At least we know that the Indian Ministry is receptive to us." He added he looked around. They were near Connaught place around which was a hive of activity.

It was a relatively new building though it didn't look it architecturally.

He'd been here before with his great grandfather Benedict when he'd gone on a world tour just before Hogwarts though he hadn't spent too much time in New Delhi.

Not that they would this time either though he wouldn't pass up the opportunity to spend a little time in the magical quarters of Old Delhi, where most of the magicals in the city resided. It was also where the famous magical market Navaratna was.

"Wasn't hard to miss." She said a little dryly though it was clear that she was pleased about it.

He smiled to himself, of course she was.

They had taken especial care to make them feel welcome, more than what he would have expected from Ministry officials of any country even if they were nobility.

Perhaps the fact that either one of them could wipe out an entire Auror force probably had a lot to do with the receptive welcome.

Atticus whistled as he dropped the aversion charm as a tanga neared.

"You can't be serious?" Emily deadpanned as she stared at the rickety carriage that was drawn by a horse.

Atticus laughed cheerfully "What did you think when I said we would travel muggle at least first"

"Vehicles." She deadpanned as she scowled at their taxi.

His grin grew "What is it they say? When in Rome…" he teased as he turned to speak to the driver about where to take them in very poor Hindu but the man nodded happily as he understood as he stepped out and drew open the door.

He turned to Emily who glared at him for a moment but sighed tiresomely as she climbed in anyway and he followed cheerfully.

She scowled as the horse moved, the carriage unevenly taking them away. She turned to him "I can feel the number of stones that the wooden wheels are running over." She said with narrowed eyes.

"Wait until we're travelling on elephants." He said with teasing smile.

Her eyes widened and he laughed, even as he dodged a mild stinging hex. The driver saw a flash of light and looked confused momentarily before he was hit with a wandless Obliviation by Atticus. Emily looked amused for a second and he shrugged. "No need to leave traces" he said before looking out into the city.

As they travelled through the chaotic city, he took the moment to simply…watch.

The world shimmered as buildings vanished and new building rose in its place.

Markets and stalls ebbed and flowed away like ticking seconds as people unrecognisably blurred into crisscrossing lines.

Time encouraged change.

Time favoured change.

"Show me." He heard softly and turned to her, her illusionary brown eyes bored into him.

He did as she asked and shared with her the change through Legillimency.

"I can see why you can get lost in it." She said before she looked away, silently, into the distance.

"If there is one thing I admire about the muggles; it is their capacity to change." Emily said. "Where they change their entire world in mere decades, it takes us centuries or longer."

"Until us." Atticus added.

She turned to him with a slanted mocking curl of the lips and she radiated pride and warmth "Until us" she agreed.

And just as suddenly the moment had come, it disappeared as her expression fell "I'm not surprised this city remains filthy in the future." Emily said with distaste and he chuckled inaudibly at the change.

He smiled at her amused before he looked away, back at the passing masses.

There were so many people here in this city, busy and uncontrolled, almost lawless yet there was a kind of energy that defined the human race so well.

Always changing, always improving.

For all the plans they had for magicals, he did hope that the muggles would succeed and meet them among the stars when old fears and hatreds were forgotten.

They were family after all. Dysfunctional but family nonetheless.

A car beeped and beeped as it aggressively cut people off, causing their carriage to swerve as the man driving it veered out of the way. The man shouted at the man in the car who shouted back before it drove off, beeping as he did.

Emily narrowed her eyes and stuck out her hand and pointed her finger at the car. A spell fired and a loud bang sounded out.

Emily sat back in her seat satisfied and he asked her with exasperated amusement "What did you do?"

"Nothing permanent. To the muggle anyway." She said blithely with a pleased look on her face as they passed the car and saw that the wheels had fallen off.

His lips twitched.

"We have to make sure we set up some proper vehicle and street laws in our city." She said with a scowl and it caused him to laugh out loud this time.

They soon arrived at a worn temple in a quieter region of Old Delhi, a temple that had fading yellow paint and cracked red stone pillars though the fresh wreaths and colourful flowers that were lain at the front of the Buddha statue indicated that it was still in use.

As they climbed out of the tanga, Emily commented "Reminds me the Leaky Cauldron" as she gestured with her hand to cast a strong aversion charm over them.

He hummed in agreement as they walked into the temple. Presented as innocuous and unremarkable to deter most muggles.

There were a few in there but they walked past them unnoticed as they walked around the large statue and towards the back of the temple where no one was.

"That's a strong notice-me-not." He said with a whistle as the magic passed through them when they reached a more dimly lit part of the temple and as they continued to walk, they reached a set of stairs.

They climbed up and were faced with a brick wall.

"Similar to the barrier of Platform 9 ¾" Emily mused. She stepped forward and placed her hands on it "Spatial manipulation with Illusionary elements. It warps." She said impressed before her hands disappeared into the brick stone and with a further step forward, the brick wall consumed her.

He followed suit and placed his hands on the wall and it shimmered, briefly, before he also stepped through.

Emily stood in front of him, gazing at the sight before her. He smiled as he stopped beside her and saw her gazing intently at the sight that they were greeted with.

He turned and saw vivid yellows, oranges and purples painting the busy street as market stalls that sold food, goods or trinkets all out competed with each other about whom had the most colourful stall.

It was a Saturday morning and there were many people out today.

His attentions were grabbed upward as an illusion of a golden horned cow stormed across above the stalls whilst by others there were illusions of large monkeys dressed in saris beckoning customers over with winks and trinkets in their hands that disappeared in a puff of smoke.

"Too gaudy." Emily said after a little while, her charms falling off as she walked away with poised steps, towards the busy markets filled with crowds of magicals.

He chuckled to himself before he followed her, his own appearance returning as well.

They spent the next few hours walking around the markets, picking up a few things here and there including a few gifts for his mother and sister though generally most of their purchasing had been a number of books.

Last time he visited India, he had not taken the opportunity to pick up some of the more unique forms of magic local to India…namely talismans and amulets.

Gods and animals were deeply entwined with Indian Magical culture, more so than other ancient cultures as they revered them more than anything else.

The history books noted that amulets were used for sacred priestly duties but that was only for the benefit of the muggles. Amulets were used as mediums in a similar way totems, staves and other such focuses were used to channel magic.

It lacked the preciseness and variety of wands, or its speed, but it did allow magic to moulded easier to the will of the castor.

For the next couple of weeks, they travelled throughout India visiting famous sites and markets whilst at times meeting with a few notable families like the Patil and Ubhi families, two families who held extensive influence within the Indian Ministry.

From them, they learnt the differences in regions on how they were governed.

India was a subcontinent rich with over 150 languages that were spoken with 22 of them the predominant ones. With different languages came with often however mild or severe, different cultures, different values and different social structures, all of which was inherent within India so its governance was built to suit that.

India was a place of legends, one where deities served to embody elements, ideas, human vices and human virtues or natural phenomenon. Hindu, the oldest remaining religion that remained dominant in their place of origin, adopted new deities of foreign origin easily just as they created new deities to conceptualise new ideas, new understanding of life, of humanity, of existence.

Though most of the major gods were unlikely to have been mages, there were many 'minor' deities that were recorded to be powerful mages, one such 'god' was Agni.

Agni was someone who had bent fire to his will that few could ever claim if his tales were remotely true. It was uncertain if he was an elemental or not but one thing was clear. He could command fire as easily as a modern day mage could command a levitation charm. Agni became deified as his tales become mythologised in muggle India, tales of righteous fury taken form in deathly fire the colour of a blood red sun, descending down on armies who'd dared to pillage villages in his homeland or committed slights and crimes he deemed most foul.

A god that had two faces, one of benevolence and one of malignancy. A god that was flawed just as humans were, just like many other gods in the Hindi Pantheon were and it was that, that truly stood out to him. The belief that none could be without their flaws.

He admired that about Hinduism and it was a way of life more than it was a religion much like Confucianism was, just like Shintoism was or the nomadic peoples of central Africa. It was a faith closer in tune with what he'd come to see the universe to be and the majority of the magical settlements in India incorporated within their own cultures even if none of the gods were worshipped.

Perhaps that was because throughout its history, India had magical settlements separate for the most part from the Empires and Prince States that had popped up. The constant rise and fall of dynasties that lasted less than a century had made it difficult for magicals to take root in muggle civilisations and so most of the settlements where most of the population lived were warded villages and towns far from most cities and muggle populations.

This disconnect between unique magical societies on the Indian subcontinent left India untouched of most of the impact the British Empire and its magical Lords typically brought onto magical cultures and it meant that they retained most if not all of their unique cultures that might have otherwise been washed away or changed.

As such, the Indian Ministry left these settlements the right of self-autonomy with several caveats such as foreign policy and trade negotiations remaining in the hands of the Indian Ministry.

During that time, the situation with the Domain had become worse before it got better. The experiences were worse as he was made to feel entire planets die by the thing that controlled the Domain, something that was connected to magic greater than he could ever imagine, as the Sickness ran roughshod over them.

Yet as the weeks rolled by, he began to develop a way to push out the Domain from grasping onto his psyche and little by little, it became less debilitating as he exited his dream state before he could experience the worst of it. Emily had played a strong part in this. Her comfort, her presence, continued to be a source of strength as he built up a way to push out the visions and experiences

Slowly, it was working.

It was in their third week in India that they decided to go hunting.

They apparated right by the bank of the Ganges river that stemmed from the Western Himalayas and ran through Uttarakhand.

He raised his hand and a hologram of their position and of their target came into view. Their position was shrouded by thick trees that obscured the view from the satellites. The satellite imagery had allowed them to get the visuals and coordinates they needed to apparate straight by the clear bank.

"Only a few kilometres inward of the forest" he said to her and she turned on her own hologram.

"It won't take too long to reach it." Emily stated as she stared at image of their final destination. They shared a glance, her eyes glinted as a challenging smirk grew on her face.

He met said smirk with one of his own as her body began to change just as his did.

His body elongated, his legs and arms lengthened as the flesh around his bones thinned until all it seemed left was a thin leathery skin, thin skin. His body darkened to a black that seemed to absorb all light from his surroundings as his feet narrowed and grew into hooves. Wings sprouted from his back, the flesh thinner and looser than the skin around his bones and cracked as he flapped them.

The world around him was in greys as it always was when he was in his animagi form. Whether it was in day or night, it mattered not. Yet it did not mean a Threstral sight was bereft of colour…no...

He huffed as he looked at Emily, her soul shone with a deep dark blue core that had bright blue racing streaks around it. She hissed lowly as she stared at him unblinkingly, her head almost swaying as she preyed on him.

Her gaze was sharp, predatory as she stared down her long beak that was as sharp as her claws. She grew to twice his size in a bid to show playful dominance but one could never dominate a creature of Death.

He reared up, his wings whipped around as he snapped his jaws in his reptilian, dragon like face at her, meeting challenge with challenge.

Her tongue tasted the air and he huffed/snorted, his gaze never breaking from her until he looked up into the sky, an act that she didn't miss and she tried to lift off before he did but he was airborne first.

'Serves her right' he thought amusedly. Her large size had worked against her with her little display. He dove just in time to the right as a tail flew past him and he glanced behind as the tail went back.

Emily had exploited the ability to grow or shrink to a ridiculous degree as she managed to do it at will instead of conforming to the available of any closed space, however small or large it was.

As he flew, his long leathery wings rippling each time as he powerfully flapped his wings. Flying in his normal form was a pleasure, it felt powerful. But in this form…

It felt like freedom.

They continued this song of dance, this dance of playfulness and competitiveness for the entire journey until he cleared away from her, his powerful strokes of his wings outpacing her quick but weaker wings. As they neared their final destination, it seemed like she had another cheat up her sleeve.

A small figure raced past him with effortless ease, its triumphant cry pierced through the air as it dived towards where they were headed. He hissed, the reptilian part of him agitated and he moved to oblige it as he fly up a little before twisting downwards, his wings flush against his body and he rocketed down.

He closed the distance between them, uncaring of how fast he was diving towards the tops of the trees. A few hundred metres to Emily, half a kilometre to the trees.

A hundred metres.

Four hundred metres.

Fifty metres. He saw her twist her elongated neck around and look at him and she dove faster, harder but physics worked against her. His terminal velocity trumped whatever acceleration she managed even if it delayed the inevitable for scant seconds.

He crashed into her mere seconds before they both fell through the trees, Emily hissed as she grew in size but he held firm whilst their velocity reduced with each branch that broke beneath until they fell to the ground besides thick tree roots with his Threstral atop Emily's Occamy.

She snapped her beak at him and he snapped his jaws at her before she hissed dangerously at her. He hiss/growled at her lowly, the bass of his growl was palpable as they never broke eye contact.

She grew smaller, her neck shortened until the hue of her skin became a light grey. He too began the transformation back until they were both back to normal. His hands crept up surface of her sleeves until they were around her wrists, their gaze never breaking from the moment he'd pinned her down.

He leaned forward, his nose barely an inch away from hers "It seems like I've snared myself a prize." He said with a tug of the lips.

She stared at him silently, closely, her dark blue eyes were shadowed as tangible tension manifested into physical reality.

"Are you so certain of that?" she said with a quirk of the lips and before he could respond reality had bent around them, dark blue strands of power ruptured from beneath him as roots sprang loose from the earth and twisted around his body, lifting him off of her and into the air.

A wilful smile grew on his face, his eyes sharpening as he was hoisted in the air and Emily rose vertically before she planted herself on her feet, her eyes aglow.

Magic danced around her, as if she was the eye of an arcane storm, a storm that twisted and whined with quiet crackling of power and their surroundings surrendered to her as trees, plants and even stone buckled under the heaviness of her magic.

It was intoxicating, the way her magic bent and overflowed reality at the merest of expression of will and thought, a mere taste of the limitless potential she held within.

She looked every bit as divine as their gazes met, one where all time seemed to be meaningless until a pulse of his magic rippled out of him, the roots withering into ash and he hovered into the air, his own magic streaming around him in greens and purple eldritch strands of power.

He levitated down towards her, their gazes remaining unbroken, two sets of glowing eyes that moved closer to each other through unseen force.

"I've never been so certain about anything in my life." He said, his voice gravelly, echoic as the sound of his voice bounced out in the world like a rumbling storm.

It was a truth that tied deep within and between the filaments of his soul. Even during his most troubling nights she never once wavered, never once abandoned him. She remained. She remained despite the naked weakness he'd shown one debilitating experience after another.

Her eyes slanted into a smile, her magic ebbing like a tide at sea just as he reached out with his own, his magic growing to a bubble of protective power as it washed over her. Her magic seized the moment and twisted his into its own creating a swirling pool of power that tinged with warmness, affection and love.

He set his feet down on the ground and just as he stretched out his hand to caress her face, his magic withdrew into his own. Her face softened under his touch and she leaned into it.

Their love transcended words and each year that passed, it only deepened.

"We should get what we came for" she intoned softly, the mild hitch in her breath unmistakeable, her magic lessening and the glow of her eyes that had cast shadows over her beautiful face washed away leaving startling blue eyes that were as clear as the most perfect sapphire gemstones.

He smiled at her, his hand leaving her unblemished face with reluctance though his eyes promised a continuation of their dance once it was over, a promise that Emily returned with her lips curling with beautiful understanding and future intent.

He raised his forearm and looked at the hologram. "That way." He said as he turned towards their destination. A dense group trees stood in their way that obscured their path.

His arms rose and he clapped, a pulse of magic shot forth as the trees creaked apart to allow unimpeded passage for two. They walked for another ten minutes before they began to pick up faint traces of magic and soon enough they were almost there.

They came across rubble stones, crumbled walls and carvings that carried remnants of ancient history. "The stones are magical." Emily said with sudden surprise. She waved her hand and a piece of the rubble broke apart and floated before her.

He tilted his head as he latched onto the tiny strand of magic within the stone.

It began to take qualities of his own magic, so starved was the magic within the stone yet that simple act made him understand.

His mouth twisted into a broad smile "I think I understand the purpose of this." He turned to her "Somehow they managed to replicate the way family manors exude certain degrees of safety and comfort, not unlike the way Hogwarts feels like home to students. In just moments the stone felt like Sayre Manor but obviously weaker."

"And it took centuries for Sayre Manor to be that way" Emily said with a narrowed gaze at the stone before she pursed her lips and decided. The piece flew into a pocket of her robes.

They continued their travels through the ancient ruins of a town. Not every ruined walls of former homes were filled magic which made them conclude that this might have been a shared place for both magicals and muggles.
They reached a far point of the ruined settlement where magic was stronger than elsewhere in the ruins and they stopped when they reached the source of the magic.

A bronze statue, hidden under an outgrowth of thick tree branches was uncovered as he swept his hand across banishing away the obscuring plant life.

It was a large bronze statue, remarkably free from blemishes, of a woman who sat on top of a scaled fish that was chasings its tail. She had four arms, each pointing in different directions whilst her legs were crossed. The statue also emitted magic not unlike enchanted objects.

"I think that might be Ganga, a Hindu goddess." Atticus said with scrutinising eyes.

"The personification of the River Ganges." Emily said and he turned to her with a query in his look.

She arched her eyebrow "India's history was of interest to me after we'd talked about the parselmouth tribes that still remained there when we were still at Hogwarts." She turned to the Hindu goddess "I read up on their gods to see if any of them might have been obvious magicals."

He nodded though a shadow of a smile grew on his face as he turned back towards the statue "As far as I can tell, there isn't conclusive evidence she was magical. If she ever existed at all."

He had looked up the goddess when he'd seen her in his visions of this trip. Compared to Agni there was little record of Ganga amidst the magical communities of India.

He stepped forth and scrutinised the statue "This is the entrance" he said quietly whilst he let his Sight overlap onto the present.

He watched a ghost of his future self standing still before the bronze statute for hours. He knew what his Future Self had been doing, watching, studying, noting as Future Selfs flashed before his Future Self, each of them trying to break through the bronze statue to no avail. His Future Self had watched and watched iterations of Future Selfs try something new, something different from the iteration before it.

Until one version, one possibility had cracked it and his Future Self strode forward and keyed in the right combinations. He delved out, his sight returning solely to the present and he breathed with mild strain.

Emily had been watching him the entire time, her eyes brimming with intrigued calculation. Only minutes had passed. He stepped forth and touched the right combination of scales.

He stepped back as the sounds of clanking gears and whining stones reverberated around them. With a puff of stale air, the bronze statue bisected down the middle as the fish beneath Ganga circled around before vanishing down into the earth. In between the two halves of the bronze statue, there was a set of stairs that lead down a light starved passageway.

"The man who built this tomb was paranoid." He said with a glance to Emily. "There are many traps there so be careful. It's Egyptian scale." He told her meaningfully and her eyes narrowed with dark understanding before it passed away as she nodded.

Their trek down the stairs seemed to be endless and the light of a floating orb barely touched further than half a dozen arms lengths.

"These shadows cling" Emily mused half impressed.

Atticus hummed thoughtfully "They do. Not sure how." He said with a frown before he shook it away.

"I suspect it's a form of necromancy." Emily stated "I've read about similar manifestations in a book from Grindelwald's cache."

"In the book made from human skin?" He asked with distaste.

"Yes." Emily said simply before she continued "You should read it sometime." She said with a raised eyebrow "The author claims that many of his spells were based from what he had read in the Book of the Dead."

Atticus mulled it over. "I might at some point." He conceded. He left most of Grindelwald's books about dark magic untouched save for the couple of books about the Soul Manipulation.

"So this might be necromancy?" Atticus questioned. They used their magic as barrier between themselves and the shadows and it seemed to do them no ill will.

"Yes. If what I suspect is right, then those shadows have the ability to sap life force."

Atticus head swirled towards her with a disbelieving look on his face "Really?" he asked fascinated. Her eyes lit up in fondness at his eager curiosity as her smile broadens.

"Yes. Most of these kinds of magic are not easy to turn into active magic and are typically used as curses set upon homes or tombs. It's meant a defensive mechanism against those who offend resting places or are threatening the safety of the homeowners." Emily stated.

"I see." Atticus said contemplatively. Most forms of death wards, like the ones on Sayre Manor, were all extremely lethal towards the attackers.

"In this instance, I believe the combination that you put in saves us from the more…unpleasant setting of the curse." Emily said with thinned lips, her expression grim.

"Yet it remains active." He said warily "The moment we set off a trap…" he said with hardening eyes.

"Best not to then." Emily said with a teasing lilt to her tone though she was serious about it.

They could protect themselves from the magic, that was hardly an issue but neither of them wanted to potentially lose any of their life force.

Once they'd reached the end of the stairs, they reached a mouth of a cave that had been carved out from within. The stones were cut with sharp angles and had Sanskrit etched into its faces.

On the face there was a tale of a wandering physician, a man who healed throughout the lands but one whose name would be consigned to be lost to history due to his beliefs.

"Charaka" Atticus read out. "Whomever's tomb this is, he was named Charaka."

"Isn't that what some of the Indian magical settlements name their healers?" Emily said with a frown.

"It is. Perhaps he was the first healer and his name came to be known with the practiced?" he mused aloud.

Emily hummed "It seems the most likely answer." She agreed and soon after they ventured deeper into the tomb.

The deeper they went, the more intricate some of the carvings became and the more they had to be careful to bypass the traps that were embedded within the tomb.

More than once they had to avoid several pedal stones that would have unleashed one form of deadly attack or another. In one instance, they nearly activated a trap that was based on body temperature and it was only after Emily cooled the air around them using her elemental ability that avoided the trigger. Her nuanced ability to control water molecules was more accurate than what he could do quickly.

Finally, after getting through the final segment of the cave, they managed to enter the tomb room proper once they passed what seemed to be a form of early stasis charms.

"It seems like the man preserved well." Emily said as they looked the dead man on top of the stone bed. He looked like he hadn't desiccated or rotted away at all, seeming like he had only died hours ago.

He looked around he whistled as he realised the success of their little trip. There wasn't much gold and what gold there was, was in the form of small statues of people and animals. Gold hadn't been of use to them anyway. No, what was truly impressive was the collection of scrolls that filled the shelves that were carved out from the stone walls. There were thousands of scrolls.

"This was worth it." Emily said with a pleased tone as her eyes shone with glee before she walked towards one of the shelves.

Atticus watched her go before he looked at the stone bed that was at the centre. He walked towards the corpse and he looked down at the man's face. He was elderly, that was for certain. Somewhere between sixty and eighty in muggle years. The man likely lived for at least a century and a half if he looked like this and most likely two centuries or more.
"You valued knowledge more than you did earthly possessions, it seems like." Atticus said the corpse in a thoughtful tone. "That I can respect." Atticus said with a nod before he walked away and towards shelves.

They spent most of the last few days studying the scrolls and texts in the tomb, finding out that most of it was related to one form of healing to another, including the rather incredible cache of original work in blood magic.

The dead ancient mage was a prodigy from what they could gather in the ancient Sanskrit texts. He was a healer that had travelled across India, China and Persia, improving existing healing magic and creating his own variants or in some cases entirely new ideas like in the case of healing life with life.

Emily had looked at the corpse with new sets of eyes that glinted with hints of admiration for the man's dedication in magic and his craft. There was something universal about respecting someone who chose to strive to reach the highest point in his chosen field.

As they exited through the bronze statue, just before they left, he glanced back. He didn't know what happened to this civilisation or why this man seemed to hold a place of honour in their society but what he could do was make sure the man's work would be credited when they'd publish some of it in time.

That was the least they could do.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Emily POV

"The Slitherahans are a cautious people." Atticus said as they walked up a steep hill that overlooked the towering Himalayas. "Outsiders are not welcome in their village and even the Indian Ministry is forbidden from entering the village proper. To them, their village is sacred ground and only Speakers or someone who can prove their descent of Speakers may enter it. It's been like that for thousands of years."

"Be careful with them." He warned as he glanced at her and she narrowed her gaze at the sharp comment. He continued before she could respond "They are good people. They helped me when I was younger." He paused for a moment "And they're craftier than you realise. Just consider what I have said, alright?" he said with a softer tone.

She nodded after a moment "Fine." In truth she had no intention of offending them. Her curiosity was too stimulated. Meeting others like them had that tendency.

He smiled at her gently as the corners of his eyes softened "Thank you." He said as they reached the peak and began to descend down the snaking pathway. "I think you'll find it comfortable with them anyway." He said with a knowing glint in his eyes.

She thinned her lips at the look. She knew he would tell her if she asked but she was rather curious to simply wait for now. She glanced at him as the face of the hill blocked their view of the mountain.

He was better now than he had been since that incident in their bedroom. It had been shocking to wake up to an erratic Atticus who moaned pitifully in his sleep as he performed accidental magic at the age of nineteen.

His vulnerability had equally been disconcerting.

Whatever it was that forced him to experience those experiences was powerful. She knew that the Domain was where the souls of the departed went and she also knew that there was more to it.

It had to be if it could force Atticus to experience lives of people who died hundreds of thousands of years ago. The latest experiences before he ended them with growing ease had proven that it was not confined to simply humans or Forerunners either.

In some ways she had been tempted to convince him to experience those fantastical experiences again and again in order to gain insight of what may still be lurking in space but she couldn't find it in herself to ask that of him…Not when seeing him in that much pain brought her pain.

Perhaps in the future, when they understood things better and Atticus proved himself to be able to control these experiences, would she bring it up.

She had many theories on what the Domain could be. In truth, she imagined it was not unlike a world of pure magic. One that was built within the fabric of magic just as this world was built in the fabric of reality.

A fascinating thought she was almost tempted to outright believe if only for the possibilities it provided them. If they continued to grow as they did for the next thousands of years…Perhaps then could they seize control over the Domain from the hands of whatever creature controlled it now.

In any case, this past month had been good for him and she knew it wouldn't be long before he'd be able to lock away access to his mind from whatever the creature was.

In a way she was disappointed for the trip to end.

This past month had been…pleasant.

Their relationship had somehow deepened despite the circumstances that had led them here. Perhaps it was because of the circumstances that led to their trust for each grow unbreakable. In much of their relationship, Atticus had always been the more…secretive between them. Something that had rocked their relationship more than once.

She could readily admit, only to herself naturally, that she had some part in it. She knew she wasn't the easiest…to love…but Atticus' had secrets on top of secrets that frustrated her to no end.

With this unforeseen problem, she'd seen him throwing down his barriers more through this vulnerability and she knew it was not something she could take advantage of, not that she wanted to. Despite the fact that he was vulnerable she had not considered him weak, not when some of those experiences had him screaming in pain, his magic tearing apart their temporary home in Goa, not even when he had chosen not to speak for hours after one of the more…debilitating experiences.

In a way she found it comforting, that he could still be vulnerable when his skill in Living Time were slowly making him as close to omniscient as possible.

When her other half could see her act before she even contemplated acting and plan accordingly if he so wished, it was hard not to feel out of control and in truth it was a reason why she would choose to train in it when they returned home.

She wasn't unaware that she might not gain the same proficiency as he did but at least if she could gain some measure of skill, it would at least allow her to understand how she might be able to defend against it.

The truth was…if Atticus had been dangerous before, he was now equal to the one of those ships she'd seen in his experiences. Lethal and capable of devastation on a scale the world had never seen before.

What he did with the Ganga Statue, to wait patiently and let future versions that would never come into existence solve the puzzle key was when it became clear how far he'd come, how far he could go.

It was going to make their future plans for magical world trifling.

Perhaps that was part of why she loved him more for it. That despite his growing invulnerability, he'd chosen to be vulnerable to her. He could have easily disappeared and do this alone.

He had Alice and his elves who could have watched over him as he built up his defences. Yet he chose her to watch over him, to care for him. In that, he'd shown how much he'd loved her, trusted her and valued her, something she had at times doubted and admittedly had left her insecure. Doubt that permanently disappeared as their trust in each other had become unbreakable.

And because of that, she knew the world was doomed to fall before their feet. It was as inevitable as the sun rising from the east and setting in the west.

They crossed passed the bend in the snaking pathway and they felt a muggle aversion ward wash over them that would have made muggles turn away before they came across a gated wall that was several stories high. There were some wordings on the gate door that asked to present your magic to the door. Atticus walked over to the wall and pressed his hand onto the gate door.

Atticus turned to her "There should be someone on their way now."

She looked at the wall curiously "This looks ordinary." She said with a scrutinizing tone in her voice.

"That's because it is. It's kind of a first step in truth. To see if you respect their boundaries. If you know of the village then you also know of their wariness of strangers." He told her. She could understand it but she felt it was still far too light.

"I take it that they have other means of defending themselves?" she mused aloud.

Atticus smiled at her mischievously "I did say they were crafty, didn't I?" he said as he looked past her and she turned around. Her eyes widened when she finally noticed a small carved snake looking right at them half hidden beneath a small outcrop of grass.

"They're all over the place I think. They know if someone long before they get to this stage. And not just at this side either." He told her.

It wasn't long before the gated door open and an elderly man huddled over. His skin was brown whilst his hair was grey white but his eyes were sharper than a man of his age would suggest.

`Young Sayre` The old man said with a cheer as he trotted along, his weak frame somehow still enabled him to find another gear in his step.

Her eyes widened when she realised the man spoke in parseltongue.

`Elder Adarsh` Atticus with respect in his voice as he bowed deeply to the man and she resisted the urge to look at him with dubious eyes. Atticus never bowed to anyone that deeply, not even elders of Houses equal in rank to his own when he'd been just an heir and not a Lord.

Whoever this man was, it seemed like Atticus respected the man deeply.

The elder man laughed cheerful as he embraced Atticus with a warm hug. `You are late.` The man said with a bob of the head.

`I am not late nor am I early. I have arrived just in time` Atticus said with a grin on his face and the elder man chuckled deeply, his grey beard bristling as he did so.

`Repeating my words to me, young Sayre?` he said with a smile.

`They are wise words, Elder` Atticus said easily earning him a wider smile before the elder looked to her.

`This is my wife, Elder Adarsh. Emily Sayre-Slytherin` Atticus said with a fondness clear to hear in his voice, something the elder man did not speak of if he picked it up. `Emily, this is Elder Adarsh. He helped me with parseltongue in my youth before Hogwarts`

The elderly man had looked at her with interest, something that grew in intensity when Atticus said her name.

`You speak?` the elder asked, his voice losing all cheer and it almost startled her the way she'd lost all sense of his emotions and it was if he'd suddenly turned to stone, unable to milk even a hint of his mental state or feelings.

`I do` Emily said after a moments and the elder's expression didn't change for a few tense seconds until he smiled widely and warmly.

He walked up to her and she stiffened when he reached out to her hands. She passed a glance at Atticus who only nodded gently at her and she returned her attentions to the old man who, after halting a brief moment, went and seized her hands.

`It's a pleasure to meet you, child. It has been too long since a member of your family has come to the tribe` The old man said kindly.

`There have been other Slytherins that have come here?` Emily questioned as she resisted the urge to widen her eyes. She looked to Atticus who shook his head, indicating he didn't know.

The old man inclined his head `Not many but a few have come over the centuries.` the man looked saddened `The last time was some four hundred years ago. It is said he was nothing like his father who had been popular and respectful with the tribe. In the end, misplaced arrogance trumped over sense and blood was spilled.` the old man paused for a moment as he grew serious `He was banished and told never to return`

Emily considered that. The later generations of Slytherin Lords were Gaunts and whilst they were the better Gaunts in her rather…unstable family, they were still reported to be easy to anger. Coming here to find an entire tribe of people who shared a well coveted ability, one that would drive the Gaunts to obsession of preserving it in the family.

There was a reason why there were no more parseltongue speakers in Europe than herself and she supposed the Sayres who hadn't exactly advertised they had the ability in the first place.

`I see. Thank you for telling me` she paused for a moment before she began carefully `If you could tell me about my family…those who left…better impressions, I would be thankful` she said diplomatically.

Most of the family history she knew were from the Slytherin vaults which bore only a few journals from Slytherin Lords other than Salazar Slytherin himself. The other history she knew were from the perspectives of others and she didn't trust the fallible recollection of jealous, spiteful or flattering purebloods.

After all, History rarely is told as it was than how it was seen, something she knew very well.

Still, perhaps she could glean more into the behaviours of her predecessors and what this tribe may know further about her family could prove to gift her an insight into what she may have lost access to.

`Did your elders not to tell you?` the old man asked confused.

`I do not have any elders.` Emily stated `I am an orphan`

The old man looked at her sympathetically and she resisted the urge to scathingly remove the look of pity in his eyes.

`A shame. You have my condolences` the old man said kindly.

`Don't be. Both my parents were terrible people and undeserving of your condolences.` Emily said dismissively and it seemed to have caused the man to nod slowly as he looked at her sadly.

Atticus intervened `Elder, now that you have met my wife, may we enter the village?`

The elder broke his gaze from Emily and nodded to Atticus `You may enter. As your wife, she is considered a member of the tribe` the elder looked at her again `But even then, she had always been a member of the tribe. She is welcome to come and go as she pleases` The elder finished with a hum before he huddled away back towards the open gated door.

She looked at Atticus with a quizzical expression and he explained "They consider anyone who speaks parseltongue as a member of the tribe." He said with a soft smile as extended his arm out to her.

She took it and they followed the old man.

"Why?" she asked genuinely curious.

"Because to them, it is a sacred talent that they believe was bestowed to them by the Naga and anyone who has the gift is a descendant of a single half Naga half human person. As such they believe the blood that courses in the vein of a parseltongue speaker is the same as theirs."

She considered that. Truthfully, it made sense to her. Bloodline abilities such as parseltongue, Sight, metamorphmagi or Hyper-Percipience could only be passed through the blood. Most of the time it was highly patriarchal and could only be found in main bloodlines but in some instances it was an ability that take root in other families.

It seemed like parseltongue was one of the kinds of abilities that persisted in other bloodlines given that it remained with the Sayres even if it skipped generations at a time. In a way, the Gaunts' obsession in their blood made sense if they believed they could pass it on to others.

Still, it didn't excuse their idiocy. By the methods they chose to preserve their talent they had only doomed themselves into extinction.

She was never going to allow the name Gaunt to rise up again. It would die in the past like it belonged. House Slytherin did not need their taint.

They were passing through a tunnel that seemed to have been bored into the hill and soon enough they reached its end as the light of the outside streamed into the exit.

Her eyes widened as she stared at the sight before. The dusky sun shone down a fertile land that was nestled in between the forested mountain whilst a river snaked in between the village.

"Welcome to Slitharsa, home to many parselmouths for thousands of years." Atticus said, drawing her attentions. He smiled at her softly before he looked away, back at the village.

She followed his gaze and stared. It seemed…idyllic, as if war and misery had never touched these lands. Considering where they had first arrived, the cold and hard ground this far north by the Himalayas, perhaps war and misery truly had never touched this place.

When they entered the village proper, they were welcomed in a way that had left her uncomfortable. Their kind and genuine expressions that did not hide any malice or hidden agendas had surprised and what she sensed from them even more so. They were genuinely…happy to see them, a happiness that was untainted by hidden intentions.

She found herself at more ease than she'd expected and she'd come to enjoy her first few days especially once they were shown the libraries. She remembered Atticus had said that they'd gifted him parseltongue texts, rare tomes that despite their usefulness being less than zero in the hands of any non parseltongue speaker, was incredibly valuable in certain circles.

Yet despite that, it left her unprepared for the number of parseltongue tomes that were here, thousands of tomes and scrolls that were collected over centuries.

Parseltongue wasn't just a language nor was it even a magical language. It was an expressional branch of magic, a branch that shared similarities with runic languages but where they needed to be dead, fixed, parseltongue was alive and vibrated within magic itself.

It could alter reality just as spells could and it was why parselmagic was powerful, even if it was mostly constrained to healing magic. Largely due to the fact that the ability mostly stemmed in this tribe of four main families who believed in the sanctity of life.

It was a few days later that she was alone with a female elder who had wished to speak with her. She wasn't sure why but she'd agreed. Curiously, gender did not matter amongst the Slitharahans tribe. To them, those who prized serpents and considered themselves to be kin to them, such rigid social structures did not make sense to them when a female serpent could be just as deadly as male and was even more deadly.

Something she rather liked.

The elder woman offered her tea which she politely accepted.

'Do you know of your family's origins?` the old woman asked her before she took a sip of her chai.

`You mean in relation to this tribe?` Emily inquired.

The old woman smiled as she nodded.

`Not for certain. There are references to your tribe in the few journals remaining within my family's treasury but nothing explicit. The family name Slytherin though makes it more than likely that I am descendant from this tribe` Emily admitted.

`That is true. You are a child of the tribe. Your ability to speak is proof enough but there is more to it. Your ancestor, who was named Sita, left the village many centuries before the one known as Salazar Slytherin had come to be.` the old woman told her.

Emily considered that `Why did he leave?` she wasn't believing the woman straight away but she was giving her a chance.

`Why does anyone leave?` the old woman said with a knowing smile `Youth have always been the same. They seek adventure, they seek meaning outside of what they know and sometimes that leads them to leave. Most return, often with wives or husbands, some do not. Your ancestor did not return even if his descendants did visit at some point or another.`

`I see.` she said with a thoughtful expression on her face. It made sense why her ancestor might wish to leave. Slitharsa was a…pleasant place to be but it was not a place a Slytherin would remain.

If this Sita was anything like Salazar or herself then it must have been the case for him as well. Still, at least she could an inkling of how she came to be. In that, she was thankful. She at least knew her ancestry

`Did any of my predecessors know this?` she asked curiously.

`They were told` the old woman said affirmatively `We keep good records of who comes and who goes and when it happens. To us, it is merely a goodbye for now. We might not see them personally again but we may see them in the form of their descendants.`

`How do you know if someone is truthful? How do you know if they are who claim to be?` Emily asked curiously and the old woman huffed a laugh.

`Magic` the old woman said mirthfully and Emily rolled her eyes which only made the old woman huff louder in laughter.

`Our records are not normal records. These were made by the help of the Naga who helped us in our endeavour to make sure we knew if our people lived or if they died.` The old woman said finally and Emily's eyes widened.

They had thousands of years old tapestries that practically tracked everyone that had even the tiniest bit of their blood.

`That…That must be incredible unmanageable. Surely there are tens of thousands of magicals alive right now?` she questioned baffled.

The older woman shook her head `Not that many. We have not had that many alive at any single point in many hundreds of years sadly. At present it is less than four thousand that carry our blood of which over three thousand are here and less than seven hundred that can speak the tongue. Over six hundred and eighty are in this village alone.`

`Can you track people?` Emily asked warily.

The old woman smiled `We cannot. We can only know if one of our kin has returned and only then can we trace back their lineage`

That was acceptable she mused. She might have had to destroy a priceless artefact otherwise no matter how…reluctant she was about it.

`Did Atticus know about Sita?` Emily asked curiously.

The old woman shook her head `There was no need for him to know. The Sayres are well known to us and despite being of the tribe, they are first the craftsmen of Egypt. Their story is not of Slitharsa even if they carry its blood`

Curious…`I don't quite understand` Emily admitted. `They are part of the tribe but not permitted to know of their ancestor?`

`An ancestor Sita might be but they do not claim his line as their own. His story is that of yours, young speaker.` The woman said kindly. `Your husbands' blood sings the song of another and we respect that`

If she understood correctly the elder woman meant that Atticus' Sayre heritage trumps that of his links to the Gaunt family. She wondered what she meant Atticus' blood sung the song of another.

She decided to change topics `Why aren't there more of the tribe? This place…a city could grow here. From what I understand, Slitharsa never experienced war`

`The tribe rarely has more than a few hundred children at a time. It is simply something that has passed through the ages. Our lives are peaceful and it has worked for thousands of years.` the old woman declared.

It was a belief that was prevalent in many magical societies. Muggles tended to breed in the dozens because they kept dying so easily over pitiful reasons and because of their own weaknesses. Unfortunately, as time went by and their technology and medicine improved, more lived than died of their weaknesses and their society had not caught up with their improving understanding.

Something that the magical world did not suffer for they had reached ways to avoid easy deaths thousands of years ago and their population had largely stabilised ever since. Disease in magicals was rare and the only way most died before several generations had been born was because of war.

In secluded magical communities, war was rarely something that happened and it was only in societies that share a deep history with muggles that warred frequently with each other.

Magical Europe had suffered major wars again and again of all kinds of variety.

That is not to say it was constrained to Magical Europe. Wars between magical societies in the Americas happened quite often and Africa wasn't immune either but in those lands it was easier to seclude your tribe away from muggle masses and in that, there was peace as magicals rarely combatted with each other large scale war.

That is until a few hundred years ago when the magical world became more connected and wars between European mages and indigenous peoples became prevalent with the Statute of Secrecy the predominant reason behind it.
`What is parseltongue?` Emily finally asked `I know that is seen as an expressional branch of magic but your people must know more than that`

The old woman smiled `It is true that we know more. It is an expressional magic but the language also holds a touch of divinity. To us, parseltongue is a divine blessing from the Naga, the ancient race of half serpentine beings`

`The Naga…Were they real?` Emily finally asked

The old woman's smile grew wider `They were. Ancient, truly ancient and were recorded of being capable of wondrous feats of magic. Most of our parsel magic comes from them` the old woman said proudly.

`One of the texts made references that our form of parselmagic was akin to what a grass snake was to a hooded cobra.` the old woman said with an amused look.

Her eyes gleamed at the thought of stronger parselmagic.

`Does your tribe have any surviving texts on their form of parselmagic?` she asked

The old woman shook her head `We do not if we had ever been given them.` she eyed her knowingly `We might not have been capable of performing it. The Naga were a highly magical race, perhaps even truly divine as our ancestors once believed.`

Emily felt a bitter disappointment at that. She didn't believe she couldn't succeed at the Naga form of parseltongue and it was a bitter shame the tribe didn't have any texts on it.

`They spoke the higher form of parselmagic and though the serpents do not remember as it has been a long time since a Naga last roamed this earth to our knowledge, it is known that their accents were distinctly different than any of ours. Texts described their voices like music that moved the soul with even the most common of words.` the old woman continued

`Do you believe they might still be alive?` It was odd a supposedly powerful race could die so easily.

`I do not know` the old woman admitted. `They disappeared almost a thousand years ago and the scrolls do not say what had happened which is likely deliberate given that many more texts of that era remained. It is said that they lived underground, that their kingdoms, their lands were all under the mountains`

`Perhaps that is still the case and they will return to the world when they believe it is time` the old woman said though it was clear it was more hopeful than anything else.

Emily pondered on what he said. Moira might know more about these beings and those satellites might be able to point out where they might have once been…where they might be.

They talked for an hour more before she got up to leave but she hesitated for a second `If I have more questions, will you answer them?` Emily asked.

The old woman stood up and grasped Emily's hand `You are always welcome to ask any question of me, Daughter of Sita. Just as you are welcome to return to Slitharsa anytime. You are kin.` the old woman said with a warm smile.

Emily nodded slowly as a soft smile crept in her face.

Days later she and Atticus left and as the gated door closed, Atticus had sent her ponderous look "Did you find what you were looking for?"

She turned to him, her expression slightly guarded. "No." she said after a moment. She'd hoped for more than she what had been told about her family even if it was more than she knew before and their collection of texts were not that useful to here.

It seemed like she may have to develop her own form of parselmagic.

She made to leave but she stopped in her steps as she looked over her shoulder "But perhaps I found something worthwhile anyway." She added quietly before she twisted on her heels and disapparated away, away from the place, and people, that she somehow felt a connection to. It was minor, it was insignificant but it was there nonetheless.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

"I sense no magic here." Emily stated as they walked up the old stone steps that were embedded in the mountain.

"There is magic here…just hidden. Very well hidden" Atticus said. Had it not been for the fact that he saw where this led, he might have suspected the same as she did.

Finally, after a while, they saw something embedded in the cliff side that barely stood out from the surroundings as they walked up the steps that snaked around the face of the mountain.

A monk dressed in orange garments that exposed half of his body stood at the top of the steps. As they neared they saw he was a relatively young man with a shaven head and he smiled at them.

Atticus frowned as he stared at the man. He could sense no magic from the man. Weren't these monks meant to be magical?

"You can't sense his magic either?" Emily asked agitated, clear that she was displeased about the possibility of wasting their time.

"No." Atticus said "But this is the right place." He told her.

One of the elders at Slitharsa had told him that he was expected here by the ancient sage. Someone who had hailed from their village many centuries ago.

She frowned heavily "They never said there would be muggles here." She turned to him "Did you know?"

He shook his head "I didn't. I can't sense in my visions."

She said nothing to that as they reached the top. The smiling man looked at them before focusing on him. "He is waiting for you." He said. "You may find him at the end of the temple."

He turned to Emily "Please follow me to the library. You will find it to your liking." The smiling monk said as he turned around and walked with an impressive serenity through the rickety door.

Emily turned to him, her eyes narrowing "He might actually be just like you." She simply stated and he felt offended.

"I don't do that" he said with a wave. He didn't get people to deliver messages like that.

She raised her eyebrow in response.

"Not to that degree." He protested.

She said nothing.

He thinned his lips, his eyes twitching. "Fine. I'm going to meet him." He paused for a moment as he looked at her seriously. "Will you be alright?"

"I have no issue going to the library. I expect the man won't have pertinent information for me specifically anyway. I might as well find some links as to how he reportedly is over six hundred years old." She said before she walked into the temple.

Atticus entered after her and continued inward until he reached a floor up the stairs where he found a man sitting on a cushion in an empty hall. He was aged, very old but he held a quiet dignity about him even if he sat with his eyes closed and slightly huddled forward.

Just like the other monk, Atticus could sense no magic from this man.

Was he magical or not? Were any of them magical?

It was confusing to him, the way the paths had made today seem…as if it changed something fundamental for him.

If he was from the village he was at worse a squib and he most definitely did not feel like a squib. A squib could still be sensed and interact with magic…it was just that their magic was somehow incomplete.

Somehow the man figured out to occlude his magic completely and that was something he thought impossible. How do you even manage that?

The sage monk did not move from his position for some time, his eyes were closed and his breathing inaudible. Had not been for the fact that he could see the man's soul, he would not have been able to tell if he was still alive.

He wasn't sure what this all served, why this charade was being performed but he knew eventually it would end. All paths looked like he would not get the opportunity to question the sage if he left. It grated him that he needed to wait ho-

The sage's eyes opened and Atticus' straightened up in shock.

The sage smiled, the wrinkles on his face widened as he looked at Atticus with mirth.
`Do not rely on your Sight, young mage.` The sage said in parseltongue.

`How?` Atticus asked in wonderment. He had not seen this path.

The man raised his hand and stuck out his index finger with the rests curled up in a fist.

He traced a circle in the air `Time flows in one direction. This is the truth of the universe. It can be stretched, it can be accelerated but it will never go back.`

`You, young mage, know this and see this. It is a river to you, one that you peddle into as it moves in one direction. But what you do not see is below the surface. The little currents, the wavelets and the fishes.` the sage said with a huffing laugh.

Atticus frowned `And you exploited this to hide this moment from my Sight? Should this outcome not have been apparent to me as soon as you made a decision?`

The sage smiled as he shook his head `How many paths did you see?`

`Twelve and what happened now had not happened in any of them.` he told the sage.

The sage hummed pleasantly `You focus on those paths, correct?`

`Yes. It allows me to see further and reduces the noise.` And he used to see outcomes of certain decisions and paths in the near future.

`And in doing so you have played into my hand` The sage said serenely as his eyes sharpened into him. `You see possibilities, never the future as it will unfold. You see decisions that lead to outcomes and other decisions and so on. In that, you leave yourself unaware to those who know how to manipulate the rivers of time as you do`

And so it was confirmed. There were already others who could do it. That was fundamental enough. Morgana, could there be others out there who knew of his and Emily's plots?

`You can see the possibilities as well` Atticus merely stated.

`I do, son of Morrigan` the sage said and Atticus narrowed his eyes.

`You can hear the possibilities too" Atticus said with a penetrating gaze. At some point or another, he must have heard that phrase. He never heard that phrase being uttered before. There was a chance he could have heard it said by someone in his family in the distant past but by the time the man was born, their family history with regards to Moira was little better than legend so it was unlikely he'd seen and heard it said at any stage other than the current future.

`I can` the sage confirmed.

`How?` Atticus asked with unbridled curiosity.

The sage smiled `In time you will manage this on your own. Your journey is yours to walk, young Sayre. You are here for another reason`

Atticus suppressed an annoyance. `And that is?` he asked calmly and as he asked, he realised that for the first time ever there was someone who knew more of the future than he did.

Moira had known about the future thanks to whatever those Perceivers had concocted to get to this point and her daughter had helped it along but she didn't know anything for certain.

This man…this man might have hundreds of years to hone his skill and that actually terrifying. He could have ended him before he'd even been born…

Any of these people who could see the future could have ended him.

`Good. You realise` the sage said, this time very serious `You have been protected your entire life, son of Morrigan, son of the Sayres.`

`You know what I intend to do` Atticus stated, his voice devoid of emotion.

`I do and I have known for centuries` the sage said affirmatively `My order has known for almost two thousand years`

It was then he realised `Moira's daughter`

The sage smiled `Adair was the founder of our order.`

Atticus wanted to laugh. Even with his sight, he knew nothing.

`Your journey has been foretold for a very long time, kin of Adair, and it is my time to play my part in it.` the old man straightened up, a wave of engulfing magic spread from the man, magic caused him to shudder in shock at the pureness of it.

It was utterly untainted, pristine and it felt like he was bathed in enlightenment.

Just as soon as the magic rippled out of him, it receded and back into a steely but unflinching core that radiated serenity.

`Your magic…its…` Atticus tried.

`Many years of enlightenment.` the sage grew saddened `And it is not your path, young Sayre. Your path has never been one of peace and tranquillity.`

`Do we not make our own paths?` Atticus said quietly, sardonically.

`We do.` The sage confirmed `But more often than not, our paths choose us just as well. We may take the mantle of our path or not, that is our choice but fate has a curious thing about her` the sage said with a mild smile.

Atticus said nothing to that. Had he not chosen his path after the Centaur's prophetic words? Had he not chosen it again before he'd gone to war? And again when they decided to tear the magical world apart?

`Who was I protected from?` Atticus asked finally, bringing the conversation back to point.

`An order that is almost as old as our own, one that stemmed from a gifted disciple who learnt just enough to become a nuisance` the sage sighed `and from him, more came and exist today. They are committed into guiding the magical world into a future of their own making.`

He frowned. So a shadowy group…

But for a shadowy group to exist, there needs to be a front of some kind…but there were no magical societies powerf- His eyes narrowed `The ICW?`

The sage smiled briefly `The ICW is merely the horse that pulls the carriage. They hidden behind the curtains within the carriage` the sage said.

`How do I know you're telling the truth` he asked suspiciously `For all I know you're the order you speak of.`

`You cannot know, young Sayre` the sage said amused `At least not now. You will have to determine if what you hear today is truth or untruth on your own.`

Atticus' eye twitched before he tilted his head, his magic slowly crawling out of his skin `I could force you`

`You would harm an old man` the sage asked amused.

`If you know what I plan on doing, then you know the answer to that question`

The sage nodded serenely `Yes. I am a danger to your family and you don't allow dangers do you?.` the sage paused `You would likely defeat me in a duel, young Sayre, that is perhaps inescapable but you would not break me in any possibility. Ask your questions and I may choose to answer if I can.`

Atticus met the gaze of the sage and withdrew his magic. `Very well.`

`What is the name of this group and how did your order blind them to me?` Atticus asked.

`They call themselves Men of Symbols and we blinded them by the same way I blinded you to this path.`

`Through manipulation of the rivers of time` Atticus said with a frown `What does even mean?`

The sage looked at him amused `It means that is something you must find out on your own. You have a keen mind and it will not take you long I suspect`

Atticus stared at the man as he thought it over. How was he caught unaware? He resisted the urge to growl out in frustration.

If he could be blinded so easily then it meant that he couldn't rely on his Sight at all. How could he rely on his Sight when something utterly unexpected could happen?

Unexpected in all the pa-

`You see more than just a few paths` Atticus said in wonder `And you know exactly how to pull a path of the lesser probability whilst at the same time ensure none except yourself can know`

The sage smiled `I did say it would not take you long to understand.`

`But that is just…` Atticus shook his head `How can you comprehend that? Even now I cannot see more than maybe a few more than a dozen paths. We are not built to see infinity.`

`I cannot see infinity, that is true. But what I do see thousands of paths at any given time. Something that took many years to accomplish. With that came the subtle skill to manipulate possibilities around others.`

So at some point he could tangibly manipulate the possibilities of others? To the point that he could manipulate the Sight of others who could traverse Living Time?

`Wouldn't they recognise it eventually? How did they miss such manipulation to hide me from the Sight of others for so long?` Atticus wondered.

`Through difficulty` the sage admitted `We have failed almost in several instances and only through assassination of their skilled Seers were we able to reduce their effectiveness in traversing time. The ones that exist today are unable to see more than one possible path, maybe two. They believe that the future is immutable and it is because of their arrogance and self-assurance they will not see the truth for what time is`

Atticus understood now `They saw Albus Dumbledore defeating Grindelwald.`

`That was the likely possibility before you entered the war` the sage confirmed.

So that's where their enmity came from. He must have shaken them to the core if he was utterly unexpected. Ironically he could understand their viewpoint. After all, he was shaken today with what he had heard today.

Atticus traced his hand across his face before he looked at the sage `Thank you.` he hesitated for a moment `I regret threatening you`

The sage laughed `I accept your non-apology young Sayre` the sage said amused.

Atticus smiled slightly before he grew serious `So if Moira's daughter created your order, do they know of what might be out there?` he said pointing upwards.

The sage expression shifted `We do and I cannot tell you. Neither can anyone else from my order. That is absolute.`

`Why?` Atticus asked baffled `Surely it is better for me to know now! So that I can prepare` Atticus said agitated, his parseltongue descending into fervent hissing.

`No. The journey is as important as the destination itself.` the sage said resolutely.

Atticus frowned heavily `Then why am I being bombarded by experiences of those who have long passed? Why I am made to feel magic sundered and violated? What use is ancient history that has long since been treaded and forgotten?!` Atticus said with muted anger, the frustration that he had kept within himself leaking out.

`Manu has granted you access?` the sage asked with inscrutable eyes.

Atticus stilled. Did the man know about the Domain?

`I wouldn't say access.` Atticus said bitterly `It's been forced onto me. Experiences of dreadful nature wrecking my mind until I figured out a way to block it out`

`Manu always has a purpose in mind. His wisdom is beyond measure.` the sage chided. `You should consider it an honour it allowed you to see the highest tier of the realm.`

`And what is Manu?` Atticus asked intently unwilling to discuss what honour it was to be mentally tortured. `The Domain?`

The sage shook his head `Manu is not the realm. He is of the realm. A first born of the Manu.`

`The Manu are beings?` Atticus' mind whirled. A Precursor?

The sage shook his head `I do not know what they are. Merely that they exist. Much of what my order knows comes from few passages in texts from previous monks` the sage looked at him `If Manu sent you those experiences then be assured they have purpose in them. Manu is far more powerful than you can know, young Sayre. If Manu intended you harm, you would have known.`

He said nothing to that. At the beginning when he'd been so defenceless, this…Manu could have trapped him. He'd begun to recognise the feelings of being pushed experiences and he realised that just as much as he was pushed, he could have been held.

`Why do you think he made me experience those lives then?` Atticus asked after a few moments.

`Likely why you here today. You needed to understand. You are on a path that will grow to mirror a tsunami. Manu likely wishes you to understand.` the sage concluded.

If this Manu wanted him to understand…

Well, let's just say he understood well enough.

He shook his head `What now?` Atticus asked finally.

`For us, it is time to part ways.` the sage said with a smile `I and the monk you saw are the last of our order which will die with us.`

Atticus scrutinized the man before him `All of this…all of this for me…` he said trailing off.

`Why?`

` It is not you that was chosen but the role itself. In the end, the possibilities led us to this moment and the possibilities from here onwards will lead to other points which may take different shapes or filled with different individuals but ultimately led to occur all the same.` the sage said kindly `Just as my role was always to be filled and I simply happen to be the one who filled it.`

The sage stood up. `I wish you good fortune for the future young Sayre. Many hopes of many peoples rest on your shoulders.` the sage finished before he hobbled away.

Atticus wasn't sure how long he sat there, confused and unsure of himself.

"Atticus." He broke out of his disjointed thoughts and he turned to his wife's voice.

She crossed the distance and looked down at him, her gaze calculating and boring deep into him.

"You look like you have no idea what's happened."

He laughed as he stood up. "Honestly…I don't think I really do." He admitted. "Emily, the man knows everything."

Emily's eyes widened before they turned into slits. "I see…" she said dangerously.

He shook his head "He'd likely see us coming a thousand different ways."

He met her gaze "He's not a threat to us." He smiled wanly "We have much bigger threats to deal with." He said tiredly as he explained to her about the possibility of the ICW being a much greater threat than they realised.

He knew he had to spend time to digest what he heard today about Living Time…about the Domain and this Manu…and the fact that he had little control over what was happening.

Merlin…He'd come to this trip to deal with his problem and yet he had found many more.

They walked down the stairs as they exited the temple hall and his eyes widened at the sight before them.

The two monks were back to back with a white lotus in their hands, their bodies soulless.

"They killed themselves." He said in a dead voice. They killed themselves after their task was complete. He hadn't even had the opportunity to ask what their order was called.

"At least that solves one threat" Emily said with a hint of satisfaction.

Somehow, that fact did not ease him at all.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 90 others
mosefboombox117
Nov 26, 2022
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 7 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Dec 10, 2022
Add bookmark
#98
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think! Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next three chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 7

16th​ of March 1953 – British Ministry of Magic, Day of Bombing

Charlus Potter POV

"Jellings better realise he'll be assigned to a desk for the rest of his life" Junior Auror Alastor Moody muttered under his breath as they paced quickly towards the Wizengamot Chambers.

"Keep your wits about you" Charlus barked out harshly as they approached the twin doors of the Wizengamot Chambers. They'd received a message of a tense hostage situation within the Wizengamot with one of theirs held at wand point which was embarrassing and would later have consequences, that was certain.

Still, the protections within the Wizengamot made it a low risk problem which was why they would proceed at a careful pace and see what the offender wanted before subduing him once the opportunity arose.

The people in the halls parted ways as they gasped at the sight of their Auror Squad "De-escalati-"

An explosion outward from the twin doors rocked the second level of the Ministry as stone, marble and wood splintered and cracked under the force of the explosion, the air rippling from the shockwave of dust and violent air, slamming into them and throwing them off of their feet.

Charlus' mind slowed what happened even as he was in the air, dazed from the force of the explosion but had enough wits about him to protect himself further from any harm. His wand twisted around and with a sharp slash, halted his momentum before he let himself drop to the floor on his feet before he crumbled to his knees.

He winced, his ears ringing all the while, as he placed his hand to his sides and felt the unpleasant familiar feeling of cracked ribs.

Moans and cries and screams reverberated around him brought him back into the present and he glanced up, a chill travelling up his spine as he saw the devastation that was levelled within the Ministry.

Bodies lay scattered amidst rubble, unmoving and seemingly lifeless. He swallowed harshly as he glanced further away and saw the explosion had reached the far edges of the hallways to the point some rubble had smashed into other offices and chambers and in the midst of that, the casualties of the explosion were calamitous.

Screams and cries and desperate calls for help rang louder in his ears as his hearing returned back to a semblance of normalcy.

He looked around as he shakily stood up, turning towards the Wizengamot Chambers and he suppressed the urge to sharply intake a breath.

The regal doors that cornered off the Wizengamot Chambers from the outside world like gates to a sacred temple, was no more…having been pulverised into non-existence and the walls that separated the chamber had fallen apart like rotted wood wilting under the weight and touch of hands whilst the floor had cracked apart, spidery cracks that gave way to a new entrance to the lowest level of the Ministry.

If the explosion was bad enough to rip through the centuries old enchantments and cause this much destruction here, he was afraid to think what that would mean for those within the Chamber.

'Fleamont' Charlus thought grimly, his mind going to dark places.

He shook his head clear, he had to refocus.

He turned around and saw half of his Aurors were at best out cold and at worst…

His brown eyes snapped to Moody was amongst the least injured, blood caked around his head, his hair matted with dust and blood but his eyes showed that he was aware if only slightly dazed. Carlinger, Scamander and Conway were all more or less fine all things considered.

His eyes sharpened as he set his jaw and with blistering speed waved his wand around and levitated the rubble that had fallen atop some people before he banished them away.

"Conway" Charlus barked out as he continued whirl his wand around, removing the debris from people, something Scamander joined in doing whilst he paced quickly towards Conway.

"Sir!" Conway's response was slower than he wanted as he walked over to the man and pulled him to his feet. Charlus waved his wand over the man and his diagnosis spell made it clear the man had minor internal injuries, nothing life-threatening but enough that he could not rely on the man for further action.

"Go get help from St. Mungos and after that call everyone in" He ordered 'If they haven't already heard the explosion already' he thought to himself. Conway nodded dazed before he walked away.

Scamander and Carlinger were checking on the most critical and stabilising them as he walked over to them. Charlus turned a woman who was relatively uninjured

"You! Miss..."

"Vance" the shaken woman said, her face pale in shock and horror. Charlus snapped his fingers in front of her face and she jolted aware as she turned her gaze towards him.

Good. She was more or less fine.

"Miss Vance, I want you to gather all the largely uninjured individuals and help Auror Scamander with anything he might need." Charlus turned to his Aurors which now consisted of Moody "Carlinger, Moody, you're coming with to the Wizengamot Chambers."

Both glanced at the devastated place and turned back to him and nodded grimly. It wasn't hard to understand that they both realised that if things were bad here.

"I'll send through whatever reinforcements come." Scamander promised and Charlus nodded before they made their way towards the Chambers.

They vanished some of the dust and smoke away as they arrived within the Chambers, taking careful measure of the unstable flooring before they reached deeper into the domed circular chambers yet they collectively stilled as they realised the scale of the destruction, the dust and smoke having reduced in intensity and thickness only to reveal the sundered chamber that once housed those who ruled their world.

"Merlin…" Carlinger whispered shakily as he turned green and retched at what he saw. The calamitous situation outside of the Chambers could not be compared to the scenes before them.

"Animals…whomever did this…animals" Moody muttered, his expression ashen and his eyes expressive with restrained gloom at the horror before them.

Where before there was a gallery, high above the near top of the domed circular chambers, instead there was nothing more than crumbled stone and burning ash, the remaining structures that held up the gallery were broken, burning and torn asunder under the wave of destructive power from whatever had detonated.

Blood dripped from atop the remaining structures that pitifully held up a fraction of the famous gallery, a gallery filled with press or visitors that were kin or members of the Houses seated within the Wizengamot.

It was macabre…

Dead eyes in half torn faces stared out into the abyss whilst their faces remained fixed in shocking fear, hands and feet peeking out from rubble and broken marble, their bodies buried underneath the weight of the once great gallery.

It was the sight of horrors and grief struck within him at the desolation of what had happened, the senseless murder of almost a hundred civilians. It was sickening and it tugged at his mind, the sight of such horror reminding him of what he'd seen in the war and he had to pull himself out of the memories with heaving effort just as he physically swivelled around, pushing himself further and farther away from the sight of the innocent dead.

Yet that feeling of sickness only filled his core ever more as he grew fearful…fearful of seeing the same dead terrified expression frozen in torn faces in his own brother's face as he lifted his gaze towards the tiered seats of the Wizengamot and a sharp intake of breath escaped his restraint, his hands shaking wildly.

The Ancient seats that stood for centuries no longer resembled the tiered assembly, box seats were proudly belonging to those of ancient descent were now defiled with the remnants of their descendants' blood and flesh.

The elevated seats had crumbled under the force of the explosion and not even the Most Ancient seats had survived, seats that bore the original enchantments of Merlin Emrys and it was another shock to the system as an enchantment deemed unbreakable had been destroyed just as ably as the rest of the chamber had been.

It chilled him to his bones, the thought of whatever that explosion was, an explosion that could rip through as unbreakable through the enchantments enchanted by Merlin himself.

But there was hope…hope in the form of standing survivors. Hope that this day of horror that struck a blow against the heart of their nation had not struck a fatal blow…however costly the injuries would prove to be.

His eyes flickered towards the Progressives camps and he allowed a breath of relief as he saw his brother survive and giving aid to the few others with Harfang.

His brother looked injured but not overly so and he knew it was a minor miracle he had survived this. He glanced at where the Potter seat had been located and he noticed it was one of the few mostly intact even if it had sagged into the crumbled marble like most others, just the same as Harfang's.

His eyes travelled towards the rest of the Wizengamot and he saw only one more of the same deflection, the same pattern as that of his brother's at the Longbottom seat before he spotted similar deflections by Lady Slytherin who had survived with a few others of the Ouroboros who stood nearby her yet they were just as decimated as the Progressives though both were far better off than the Traditionalists who had none standing amidst the crumbled tiered section.

In that moment, he realised why that was, why his brother had survived, why it was likely Harfang and Slytherin had survived when nearly none other had…

"Ego Custos…" Charlus whispered to himself. A shield that Atticus had taught him when he'd been promoted as Senior Auror.

A shield that could defend against Fiendfyre just as much as it could defend against the most destructive forms of magic or physical objects and grew more powerful – and more magically intensive – the more desperate you were.

Something Atticus had told him had been inspired by his duel with Grindelwald and that he wished for him to have in case he ever needed it.

And he'd taught it to Fleamont…his brother who survived only because of this shield when many others had perished.

His throat felt tight as he began to speak.

"Moody, Carlinger." Charlus said quietly before he gathered himself, his mind drifting away from his thoughts.

"Go and help any survivors at the gallery. Stabilise them as much as you can before moving on to the others." He said sharply, breaking his Aurors out of their horrified shock with the way his voice managed to be unwavering despite the fact he was as shaky as the structures of the chamber itself.

"Yes boss" "Sir" Aurors Moody and Carlinger sounded out before they rushed away towards the crumbled gallery.

"Fleamont!" Charlus shouted as he made his way towards the Traditionalist section. His brother looked up from where he was huddled, applying some kind of treatment to the injured. His brother's expression was tired but grateful as the brothers met each other gaze.

His brother nodded to him and Charlus was relieved to know that his brother was fine and returned it before quickening his pace towards the Traditionalist section.

The magic in the air rose, thickening the density of the air, the dust that clogged up the surroundings began to slow, as if it was caught in a thick liquid slurry, unable to fall as unrestrained as it once was.

He turned his head and saw her, on her feet like an eternal wave of palpable power, aglow with thick strands of dark blue magic surrounded her like a torrential storm about to sweep aside mountains as her magic pressed against the boundaries of the destroyed chambers.

Her hands rose and it felt like an age as he stood still, her hands rising like slow moving glaciers yet it felt as it weighed a dozen times more than even the greatest mass of ice.

And then…

Reality shifted, the world responded to her demands, her orders, her command.

The broken stones, the burnt out husks of the formerly tiered Wizengamot rose in the air as if hung by strings, shattered burnt shards of wood and stone smelted into one another all the while bodies were separated from the debris, floating aimlessly but unharmed towards the centre of the circular chamber where the floor was gliding back into a semblance of what it once was, the cracks within the marble flooring disappearing like vanishing streaks of lightning.

The few that seemed to be awake and conscious were being attended to by the surviving Lords whilst Slytherin moved those who had been lost in the destruction.

He moved into action and brandished his wand as he carefully levitated the bodies down and quickly checked to see if there were any still alive but it was in vain. Lords Avery, Brown, Cornfoot, Crabbe, and even Malfoy were all almost unrecognisable and he could only identify them by the emblems of their rings.

Again and again he came across dead Lords and Ladies, a few having seemed to have lasted only slightly longer than others, having protected themselves better from the blast than other but they were all dead and he stilled when he came across the next body, his knees feeling weak as he crouched down, his stoic expression breaking as he saw the one person who he hoped not to see here.

"Arcturus" Charlus sighed quietly at the sight of his brother-in-law. He waved his wand around him and his diagnostic charm indicated what he thought had happened.

He bore a deep wound in his chest not far from his heart, a piece of banister buried into his chest having gone through the opening of his Wizengamot robes.

He had not died from the explosion or whatever magical effects it caused, no, Arcturus Black, the Lord Black, had died because he was unlucky.

He closed his eyes. 'Dorea…' This was going to break his wife, he knew. She loved her brother very much despite all appearances and he knew they were each other's favourite siblings.

To die in this fashion…

He checked on the others and found none lived. He turned towards Moody and Carlinger and saw that they had also arranged the dead in a cleared space and laid them down. It seemed there were would be no further survivors.

Charlus twisted his wand and conjured dozens of plain white sheets before flicking his wand and causing the sheets to cover the bodies. For Arcturus, he covered him with a sheet that bore the famous emblem of his House, a Grim.

'Rest in peace, brother. I will ensure they won't get away with this' he swore to himself as he crouched down and placed his hand on the emblem on the white sheet.

"Brother." He heard and saw his brother huddling over on a cane that he must have just created.

Charlus rose up from his crouched position and turned to his brother completely, a concerned look on his face.

His brother saw and waved it away "Nothing a day in St. Mungo's won't heal." Fleamont smiled bitterly "That shield of yours saved my bacon, brother."

"Seems like it saved more than just you." He peered over to Harfang who was speaking with Atticus' wife.

"Yes…Harfang used the same shield as well." Fleamont said with a sigh "In truth, Harfang's saved my life just as a part of my shield saved Abbott's life. He was the one who called out for us to raise shields when the man almost finished speaking."

It seemed like Harfang's battle intuition was still working just fine, Charlus thought to himself.

Charlus' eyes drifted to Harfang. "I'll have to thank him." He said with a relieved sigh before he looked at his brother. "How are the survivors?" as his eyes hardened into cold brown embers.

His brother seemed to pick up on this though he did not comment on it "Not good." He said with a gentle sway of the head, his expression pained. "Lords Abbot, Shafiq and Prewett will survive but they will not be able to live a long life from what we could tell. They had not been covered by my Ego Custos shield completely and it seems like the explosion had damaging corrosive elements that are dark in nature."

His brother sighed as he glanced away, over his should towards the injured Lords and the few Ministry officials that were being kept stable by Lords Lestrange, Prince and Harfang, the only Lords that were healthy enough to walk unaided whilst Slytherin went over to Carlinger to aid them with the couple of survivors he'd found.

"The others…the others…I'm not sure they'll live passed today." His brother more quietly as the sounds of coming people grew louder by the second.

"Who is responsible for this?" He asked with a cold tone, an arctic fury rippling underneath his skin as the weight of today's disaster.

"The man made references to Phoenixes." His brother with his eyes closing.

Charlus' lips tightened, the arctic fury that lay underneath his skin broke into a smouldering molten fury rising from a newly formed caldera just as a wave of healers and Aurors burst through into the Wizengamot Chamber.

"Dorea is here." His brother said quietly and the hot fury within him vanished just like that when he saw his wife amongst the healers and his expression turned sorrowful.

He hadn't realised that she was still on Emergency Call shifts as she looked at the Wizengamot in shock and dismay before she turned towards him and a clear sense of relief was apparent on her face.

She rushed forward towards him and hugged him tightly. "Oh, I'm so glad to see you're alright." She whispered in his ear. "I thought maybe…"

"I'm fine Dor…I'm fine, really." He said as he sighed contently in their embrace until he remembered what she had lost.

"Where's Archie?" She asked as he broke off the embrace, a pained expression on his face, something she noticed immediately.

Her eyes widened. "No…" she said with shock as his eyes flickered towards the body with the Grim emblem. She swivelled around and gasped despairingly.

"No…no….no…" she cried out as she walked over in stiltedly towards the body. She fell to her knees and uncovered his face and her cries turned silent and he walked over, crouching next to her with his arm around her shoulders.

"I'm sorry Dor…I…" his voice died in his throat and she clutched tighter onto him and he closed his eyes as he let her cry out in his chest.

She wasn't the only one amongst the reinforcements that cried or raged that day. Not when so many had lost family members in the bombing yet it was the cries of the one that matters by far the most to him that tore him to pieces.

It was a day and a half later that he met up with Emile Tiff, the newly promoted Acting Director of the MLE, several other Senior Aurors and Jeffrey Bracker the Director of the Department of Mysteries to discuss how they managed to devastate the Ministry like that, despite how exhausted he was.

The bombing of the Wizengamot had not been the only attack that was orchestrated…no, it seemed only the prelude of hastening escalation as several homes of noble families were razed to the ground with casualties on more than just one occasion.

The Ministry which was already left reeling was chaotic, in shock and these attacks only made it worse and the pressure on the Auror Department was almost unbearable. They were stretched and a massive recall of former Aurors, retired or fired, was made as news filtered through the public about the massive terrorist strikes that were being perpetrated.

One thing was for sure though…This had escalated to a degree that had hardened them and the Department was united in rooting them out completely.

There were already several Auror squads out apprehending suspects with links to both terrorist organisations leaving no stones unturned.

"The explosion was unique" Bracker said with a pursed lip as he waved his wand, the Wizengamot Chambers forming in a ghostly mist at the centre of the table as the scene was reconstructed.

"From the memories donated by Lords Potter, Lestrange and the Ministry scribe, we've managed to ascertain some idea of the nature of the explosion." Bracker said as the murderer that held Jellings began to dimly glow before erupting into an explosion that lay the devastation he'd seen.

"The magical residue that remained is dark in nature, true, but it is more than that. It is willingly sacrificial."

Intakes of sharp breath could collectively be heard before Bracker continued.

"From what we could ascertain, we are relatively confident that the man was under a form of ritual that was activated with a delayed trigger, requiring him to willingly sacrifice his magic and his life. We also suspect that this trigger set off a secondary reaction, possibly a potion he consumed prior to arriving within the gallery, that amplified the explosion that happened today." Bracker finished.

"How?" Senior Auror Kinston asked, his expression grim "How could that be enough to fuel an explosion that could rip through Merlin's enchantments?"

All eyes fell on Bracker who had thinned his lips and remained silent for a few moments. "We're not sure." Bracker admitted "But…we do have suspicions that it might have been the intent of the sacrifice that might have proved to be enough to destroy Merlin's Enchantments."

Emile Tiff frowned "Intent? What intent?"

Bracker hesitated for a second before he answered "The intent to break the power that resided within the Wizengamot."

The silence was eerie as the full implication of the attack settled on them.

"You meant to say…" One of the Senior Aurors trailed off.

"That Merlin's Enchantments are destroyed in totality?" Bracker finished. "Simply…yes."

Emile Tiff looked gravely at Bracker "You mean to say you don't know how to re-apply them? Any of them?"

"You have a high opinion of us, Acting Director" Bracker said with a thin smile "But in this instance, it is misplaced. We have never replicated Merlin's Enchantments nor do we know how he had done it, only theories." Bracker moved his hands to behind his back.

"Unfortunately, today's tragedy has larger consequences than most will realise. The Wizengamot tiered seats was almost sentient in a way and as it was expanded, some of Merlin's Enchantments had expanded to cover it…all of which is now forever lost." Bracker finished.

Silence reigned for a few moments until Charlus spoke up "You mentioned a secondary reaction."

Bracker turned him, a fleeting flicker of surprise crossing his face before he nodded, this time grimly and more serious "Yes. That potion I mentioned…there's a reason for why we believe he consumed something. The explosive residue once we removed the inherent magical residue indicated that it was dynamite."

"Dynamite?" Tiff asked confused "Is that some kind of obscure explosive potion?"

Bracker shook his head "No. It's a muggle invention." He said simply and the room tensed, the temperature dropping as if Death itself walked amongst them.

"Explain" Tiff said dangerously, his voice low.

"You are aware of gunpowder?" Bracker questioned the room and several nodded, likely those who took Muggle Studies in Hogwarts.

"It is similar to that, in that it is a chemical concoction consisting of several elements that explodes once it triggered by certain conditions." Bracker pursed his lips.

"We believe the potion altered him alchemically, perhaps his fat stores were converted into dynamite until a critical point had been reached and detonated."

Charlus exchanged a look with Emile Tiff, whose expression darkened substantially, something the rest of the occupants in the room noticed.

Tiff looked at Bracker "Are you certain?" he asked, his voice grave.

Bracker's gaze flickered to Charlus, an inquisitive look in his eyes before returning them to Tiff. "I am."

Tiff straightened stiffly in his chair, his dark expression worsening. His eyes swept across the room.

"This does not leave this room, not until we first apprehend the traitors to Magical Britain, is that understood?" Tiff said in a growling voice and once he'd gotten the affirmatives, he continued

"We have evidence that both groups, namely the Order of the Phoenix and the Isonomian Movement, have been provided funds and resources by the muggles." Tiff said blankly and Senior Aurors rose to their feet, outraged.

"You meant to say muggles are partly responsible for what happened tonight?!" Senior Auror Kinston asked furiously.

"I'm saying that they may be involved in more than just this attack." Tiff said calmly though the harsh glint in his eyes were obvious to see. "That is why it is utterly important that none of this escapes this room, not when the fervour of hate and anger is so high." Tiff's eyes narrowed dangerously.

"We do not need another element to this crisis." He said with a threatening tone and one that Charlus understood very well was needed.

The last thing they needed was for word to break out that muggles were partially responsible for yesterday's attack…not when some people were calling for all those who supported the two groups to be rounded up and executed.

The country was teetering on civil war and he, along with Director Tiff, knew that they were on the very edge.

The deaths of the Heads of Houses was shocking to the public but he knew that it was the death of the visitors that truly upset them. Much of the message of the Isonomian Movement and the Order of the Phoenix had elements that the public felt sympathetic to.

Thankfully, the attacks on family homes had lessened that support but it had not eradicated it completely and they knew that they had to apprehend them all before it could escalate any further.

Which would happen if the people who lost family or friends in the attacks knew of the muggle involvement. The last thing they needed is for some idiot to attack the muggles when all evidence was pointing towards their intent to take control of their world. If they have more of these weapons…

Tiff turned to Charlus who understood his look and Charlus picked the rest of the conversation

"We have evidence to suggest that the muggles have been thoroughly informed of our world and actively involved." Charlus said with a deathly calm tone despite the gravity of the situation "I met with the Lo-" he cleared his voice

"The late Lord Black just over a week ago informed me of what he had learnt. The muggles have magicals working for them and to make it worse, it has been the case for years." Charlus said grimly.

He'd been shocked when Arcturus had asked him some suspicious questions. It was only after point blankly asking him what the reasons behind the questions were that Arcturus admitted that he had evidence that the Magical World was intensely compromised…that there were traitors working with the muggles to undermine their world.

That it was happening ever since Underhill was assigned to guarding duties to the muggle Royals over ten years ago!

Arcturus had spoken that the muggles had their own form of magical researchers intently working on weaponry and this bomb was very likely to have been one of theirs.

"Why?" Senior Auror Blithwick asked disturbed "What's their motive?"

"Isn't that obvious?" Senior Auror Kinston asked darkly "To destroy us!"

"We don't know that." Bracker spoke up, his gaze falling on Kinston "Such thinking will only prove to change what is already a dangerous situation into a deathly one."

It was more likely it was as a result of their actions against the muggle royals, Charlus thought cynically. Arcturus had mentioned that he believed their motivations might have something to do about the Magical World supposedly not honouring their duties to the British Crown.

"Though Director Bracker is correct in some ways, Auror Kinston's thinking is not entirely without basis." Tiff said with his hands steepled in front of him "As for their motives, we have a clear picture of what they want." He turned to Charlus.

"Senior Auror Potter under the direction of the late Director Wilkins, headed interrogations of Liaison Underhill and with full authorisation under Section 14.4B of the Statute of Secrecy, Underhill was interrogated under the influence of Veritaserum." Tiff said with a cold tone, his eyes glinting dangerously.

"What we have discovered is that Underhill is utterly incapable of speaking in any capacity under the influence."

Bracker's eyes widened "He's under loyalty oaths." Bracker said musingly.

"Yes." Tiff confirmed "But that's not the worst of it. On more than one occasion, he came close to dying in breach of his oath and we had to apply the counter-agent several times. Still" Tiff said as he tugged at the edges of his sleeve "We managed to understand their motive nonetheless."

"Underhill did look relieved that we managed to understand the gravity of the situation." Charlus commented.

"So an unwilling traitor" Kinston mused.

"It seems so" Charlus said with a nod "We've interrogated him several times and obliviated him each time and that reaction so far has been genuine. We have under heavy surveillance and it seems that he is directly working with the muggle equivalent of the Aurors."

Charlus glanced at Bracker "We could use your help with this."

Bracker met Charlus' gaze. "That is not our purpose, Auror Potter. We will be providing you with whatever countermeasures to this form of bombing we can but that is all we can do."

"No, it isn't your purpose." Charlus agreed, his gaze not breaking "But your purpose is ensuring dangerous forms of magic isn't in the public domain, to ensure knowledge isn't used to create great harm to the Magical World." Charlus smiled bitterly "Surely this creation…this…bombing and the way it was done falls under that banner?"

"Not to mention" Tiff interjected "The fact remains that it is highly likely that we have traitors working with the muggles to come up with new muggle inspired weapons that we may see used in greater effects in our world." Bracker's eyes narrowed minutely at that as Tiff continued "Surely that warrants the involvement of your Department, Bracker?" Tiff said as he leaned forward.

Bracker remained silent for a moment "It does." He finally said as he met Tiff's gaze. "You will have the Department's assistance in dealing with this…problem."

Tiff smiled, his eyes shining with triumph before it flickered away as he nodded. "Good." Tiff's smile fell away, a cold look taking hold in his face.

"For now" Tiff continued, his voice now deadly serious "For now we deal with the terrorists first." Tiff turned to Charlus "Charlus, I'm depending heavily on you on this. After Director Wilkins and myself, you have been the preeminent man dealing with both groups." Tiff paused for a moment, his eyes boring into Charlus.

"I want you to deal with this in however way you see fit." Tiff's voice was arctic and unforgiving "We may have been under Martial Law for months now however I expect you to completely adhere to it…is that understood?"

Charlus met Tiff's gaze.

Ever since Lowe declared Martial Law since January, the reality was they were still largely under the restraint of normal conditions with the exception of enforcing curfews. They had not used the authority to arrest individuals that normally required warrants or to carry out large operations without the approval of the Minister.

They did not think they needed to do so, not at the time. They'd believed preventing them from gathering in public, arresting those who were clearly guilty of being part of the two denounced groups, was enough.

Not anymore.

Charlus nodded stiffly "You have my word, Director. I will do all I can to end their threat." And he knew that also included dealing with the muggles.

He exited the floo and arrived back home, the feeling of guilt and sorrow he'd felt when he'd informed his wife of her brother's passing coming back to the front of his mind.

He walked down the hall and saw his wife still sitting where he'd left her though now it seemed she'd cried out all the tears she may have had from the way she was silent and unmoving, simply staring at the hearth.

He moved towards her and sat next to her, his hands seeking out her own.

"Dor…" he said quietly, almost beseechingly.

It seemed to be enough as she looked away from the hearth, finally realising he was there. "I've spoken with Cassie…the funeral will be in seven days." She said with no emotion in her voice.

"Alright." Charlus said delicately as he looked at his wife's composed expression that was unsettling him.

"Dor…I…" She raised her hand, her expression softening, a semblance of normality re-entering her cool violet eyes.

"I know Charles…I know." She said softly, her voice jilting ever so slightly "It was a miracle anyone survived that. I just…I always thought he was invincible…the Lord Black." She laughed croakily "I thought only Death or illness could take him for they were the only ones that could stand up against him."
"He almost pulled it off too." Charlus said with a weak smile "He protected himself against the blast…it's just that a piece of banister got him in an angle that made him drop the shield which ultimately…" he trailed off.

Dorea closed her eyes, fresh tears sprouting from the corner of her eyes. She reopened them, her beautiful violet eyes were hard. "Promise me you won't take it easy on them."

Charlus stared at those eyes for what seemed like an age.

"I promise." He said to her, entirely truthful of his intent to put them down.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

17th​ of March 1953 – Isonomian Movement Headquarters, past Midnight

Jason Harrison POV

Jason strode forward, pushing past the guard as he handed over his wand and into the beckoning open room.

"What have you done?!" Jason raged at Michael, his rage bursting out of him as he slammed into Michael's office uncaring that the door from which he entered remained open. He did not care if the others could see his rage.

"What must be done." Michael said calmly unwilling to look up as he carried out writing in his notes infuriating Jason only further.

"What must be done?! WHAT MUST BE DONE!?!!" Jason bellowed as he slammed his hands onto the table, the inkpot spilling over onto the desk finally resulting in Michael looking up at him with cold eyes.

"What do you think war meant, Harrison?" Michael said with cold disdain. Michael leaned forward. "That it was going to be some kind of glorious and honourable fight, old chappy?" Michael said with a cruel sneer "Like how those who've never been in it say it is?" Michael laughed coldly.

"There is a reason why your father and grandfather never speak about the war, Jason." Michael said with calm detachment "They have sacrificed more than just their blood, sweat and tears, kid. They sacrificed their souls for their cause and it is what we must be willing to do if we are to win this war."

Michael leaned forward and a shiver ran down Jason's spine. The same look was in his eyes, one that he had never seen before in Michael's. The same hateful vacancy that he'd seen in Samael's eyes.

"The Order of the Phoenix have delivered on their promise and with the deaths of ninety percent of the Wizengamot and all of the new administration" Michael raised himself, every bit seeming like a vengeful creature "We are halfway there. And the attacks on the families have only begun and we will continue to strike at the rest of the Wizengamot families!" Michael's gaze was terrifying, one of fervent fanaticism.

"Where will that end?" Jason asked shocked. He had not been privy to this…to this madness.

He had thought their quarrel was with the Ministry, with the discriminatory system that needed to be destroyed not this…scorched earth violence that would destroy everything they said they were trying to accomplish.

"Until we have what we want." Michael said coolly. "As we have always intended" he said as he leaned back in his chair.

"Equal rights. Democracy. An end to the wealth concentration in the few pureblood families." Michael thinned his lips "And…if need be…We'll go as far as ridding those families root and stem."

"Even children?" Jason asked in an appalled tone, his expression dismayed, the full reality of what was happening settling in his mind.

"This is war." Michael only said in return as his eyes hardened, confirming the worst as disgust settled in his core.

Jason noticed suddenly the entrance of other people and he glanced over his shoulder, a cold stone dropping in his stomach.

Jason turned back to Michael, the feelings of imminent betrayal oddly casting a disturbing calmness around him. "I have supported you when we needed to strike"

Jason began lowly, his voice quivering with hostile assuredness "I have orchestrated our strikes against targets that we knew would not garner sympathy from the public only increase our reputation and message to the masses, I have planned the steady path we needed to take to ignite this…this…" Jason trailed off as he exhaled deeply, his eyes once more setting onto Michael's detached ones

"This campaign of liberation into a campaign of revolution." Jason laughed bitterly as he shook his head "Yet all you have done is ensure our revolution is doomed in the cradle."

The people of Magical Britain would not stand for this. They'd had given the Ministry the tools they needed to survive and not only that, to make things worse for them all.

Jason sneered contemptuously at Michael as he was seized by the arms. "If you think you'll be seen as a modern day Guy Fawkes, you'll be mistaken, Michael!" Jason shouted as he was dragged out of the room.

He was hit in the stomach and Jason churned out what he ate for dinner and yet, despite himself, he laughed contemptuously even as he was dragged out of the room but not before hearing

"Take him to the new cells. We may have use for him still."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

23rd​ of March 1953, St. Mungos

Cassiopeia Black POV

She stared at the body of her brother as he lay there on the cold stone slab. The healers did a fair job, she thought as she stared morbidly at her mostly intact brother only one thing running through her mind again and again.

What did she miss?

None of her network suggested anything of this scale of attack! Not even her contact within the Order of the Phoenix had known anything about this attack.

A useless idiot that she had the pleasure of torturing every scrap of information from before she passed that along to her contacts within the Auror Department, something that allowed them to take out the cells the dead man had known about it.

Still, it did not bring her any comfort…not even making all of her resources available to the Aurors from the shadows knowing that their lives would shortly end did.

"Cassie." She heard and she glanced over her shoulder. Her younger sister…her now only sibling in the world was by the door of the private room in the mortuary at St. Mungos.

"Dorea." She said curtly as she turned back to her brother's corpse.

This wasn't supposed to happen, you damn fool…

Not when their House needed someone strong…now more than ever.

Her sister stood next to her. She glanced at her from the corner of her eyes. Dorea looked like she'd come to terms with the death of their brother.

For all of her soft-heartedness, she did have a core of strength about her.

She glanced back at her brother's corpse. It bothered her that he looked so peaceful. It was so unlike him.

Morgana, she could use a damn bottle of firewhiskey right about now.

"He looks unnatural without that permanent glare of his." Dorea spoke up suddenly.

She kissed her teeth. "Yes…he looks like he's just passed a particular troublesome kidney stone out." She murmured.

Dorea choked for a moment before she looked at Cassie with a scandalised look. Cassie looked to meet her gaze with a raised eyebrow. "You're only scandalised because you know it's true."

Dorea said nothing before she began to giggle which burst to a laugh, one that Cassie joined in soft chuckles.

Their amusement petered away, soberness settling on both of them.
"I thought he'd outlive us." Dorea confessed.

"So did I." Cassie admitted after a moment. Arcturus was many things but he was smart. Smarter than most give him credit for. And far keener to abandon things if he felt like it. It wouldn't been odd at all if he'd given up his Lordship to Orion decades from now and just…disappeared.

"How's Melania?" Cassie asked after a moment.

"Grief stricken." Dorea said quietly. "According to Druella and Cygnus, she's not left her room for days now. Kreacher's has been needed to bring her food."

Cassie sighed inaudibly. Melania had always been…soft. Softer than even Dorea. But the love between their brother and Melania had been true.

Which was remarkable given that Archie could be a bastard to care for.

"Will she make the funeral?" Cassie asked.

"Undeterminable." Dorea admitted and the conversation stopped for a few moments.

"They'll move him in the next hour to our family estate." Dorea spoke up and Cassie frowned as she looked at Dorea.

"I thought they'd do so later today?"

Dorea shook her head "The Mulcibers have been attacked" Dorea said a little jittery. "The entire mainline has been killed."

Cassie's eyebrows raised. "How? The Mulciber's may not be an Ancient family but they are certainly have the wealth to have some very good wards." She said as her mind whirled on what she heard.

More than a few families had been decimated in the attacks, several having happened directly after the bombing. Some had even taken to flee their ancestral homes to more private and secure homes not registered with the Ministry.

In truth, it perplexed her the scale with which this was all happening. The Order of the Phoenix and the Isonomian Movement were showing levels of competency that should have been far beyond them.
Their goals of wanting to rid the influence of the noble families were flights of fancy, delusional aims.

Yet…

Here they were, gaining far more success than she ever thought possible.

"I don't know." Dorea admitted. "Charlus has been quiet about the investigations. When I see him anyway." She said with a sigh.

Not surprising Cassie mused.

Charlus had risen up the ranks of the Auror Department thanks to this crisis and it was likely he'd take the position of Assistant Director once things were back to a measure of normality. He'd be the youngest to ascend to such a position ever.

"He did say they were getting close." Dorea added and Cassie hummed. She hadn't heard that yet.

She turned on her heel and began to walk away though she stopped momentarily when her sister spoke up. "I'll be at Black Manor in the evening." Dorea said and Cassie looked over her shoulder.

She met the gaze of her sister and nodded minutely before she paced away. Her soft hearted sister intended her not to be alone. It was a foolish sentimentality.

Foolish but so very Dorea.

The next day the funeral procession happened and in truth she barely paid attention, only doing so when she added her own flame to the pyre.

She had no patience to deal with the lickspittle that roused out of their damp holes only to hang off of Orion's teats. Their words of condolences were meaningless when she knew that they were only looking to see the mettle of the new Lord Black.

For once, she wasn't all that disappointed in him, not when he looked the part at least. Her eyes spotted the one person she was loathed to see, her mood darkening.

Riddle was here.

"I'm sorry for your loss." Riddle said with a commiserating look after she'd come over a little while later.

It even looked genuine.

"Those terrorists have taken much of our people and Lord Black did not deserve such a fate."

Cassie smiled with false sadness "Thank you, Lady Slytherin-Sayre. It means much, I assure you." She said with a hard glint in her eyes.

Riddle nodded magnanimously before she sighed long-sufferingly "And we were just turning a new leaf after the unfortunate differences we had." She turned to the burnt out pyre.

Cassie narrowed her eyes. So she was here for assurances that the deal that Archie struck was still in play?

In truth she had not thought about the 'peace' that was struck. Not when there were far more pertinent issues to deal with in the more immediate term.

She was tempted to sink the bitch's peace but she knew that now was not the time. She glanced at Orion. And Orion was not the man that could contend with her.

"The accord between House Black and House Slytherin will be honoured." She said curtly and Riddle turned around, their gazes meeting.

Riddle smiled and it was serpentine with the way her lips stretched. "I'm glad to hear so." She turned around and looked at Orion "Lord Black has alluded to such and I am glad to hear it from you." She said as she turned back to Cassie, a glint in her eye.

"These days, all of our noble houses must stand together if we are to triumph in these perilous times." Riddle said and despite her desires, a chill raced through her spine.

It wouldn't be the only time she wished her brother had survived.

Days later…

"You're going to her meeting?" Cassie asked, her voice devoid of emotion as she stared unblinkingly at her nephew…the new Lord Black.

He looked every bit the proud Lord Black yet it was a façade, a false mask to hide his timidity, his lack of will and strength.

Gods, how far had they fallen that now her timid nephew was the Black of the Blacks, the Lord that should be commanding the world to his will and instead they now had a man who was incapable of commanding his wife, let alone his family or his vassals

"I am." Orion said calmly. A flicker in his grey eyes indicated his hesitation "And it is not her meeting. It's Malfoy's meeting."

She scoffed derisively "As if that hides the damn truth that he's as good as her servant." She snapped harshly and he flinched causing her to look away distastefully from him and towards Walburga.

"And you're fine with this?" she asked disbelievingly. Walburga had been the most Black out of her entire generation. It was unfortunate she was a damn woman…and more than a little unhinged. And that was saying something as Cassie herself wasn't exactly the perfect picture of sanity.

Walburga scowled foully "I am not. We all know that this is a meeting for her to gain loyalty of the purebloods." Walburga looked away with a sneer on her face.

"Which doesn't change the fact that she is also the most powerful amongst the nobility and they all want to hear if the half blood has something worth to say."

Cassie's eyes widened before she sagged in her chair. "Kreacher!"

*POP* "Mistress" The elf said with a bow as a filled glass of firewhiskey floated towards her. She snagged the glass sharply out of the air and drank half of it before she refocused on Orion.

"You are the Lord Black. You cannot simply go like a dog running on a master's beck and call." Cassie said critically.

"I am not." Orion said with a flicker of anger in his eyes. "Not when the invitation has been sent to all those of importance to meet at Malfoy Manor. To not go is not an option, you know that very well, Aunt Cassie."

Cassie scowled. She did know. Orion did not have the reputation to simply not attend what would prove to be a meeting filled with newly invested Lords and Ladies.

He'd offend many of them and only alienate Houses that should be allies.

"Are you allowing our vassals to attend?" The Selwyns, the Crabbes, the Goyles…

Orion nodded "I am but the exception of the Selwyns. The heir will have his aunt as his regent for years to come and I see no need for a representative to go when I can speak on their behalf. The others will be my support." He finished.

She said nothing though inwardly she at least approved.

"She'll want your unconditional support." She said with a pained expression.

"I'm aware." Orion said with a sigh. "And I know I will be forced to give it."

Her nostrils flared as she sent a scathing look at him before he continued before she could speak.

"Especially now that the public have been informed that Merlin's Enchantments are gone."

Cassie expression shifted away once more to a pained one. A millennium of ancient magic shattered and destroyed by mudblood lovers completely intent on destroying centuries of tradition and history.

Magic that enforced the noble families' rule over Magical Britain and had never been questioned, not until now, not to this scale. Despite the support for the mudbloods and those traitors having been largely broken, there were still a sizeable number amongst the populace that wanted a change of government, that wanted a greater say.

The scars that Sayre left behind, the words he spoke still remained even years later and the Order of the Phoenix were capitalising on it even if they lost support. At this rate, even once they were eradicated, they might actually win if things didn't improve soon.

She shook her head in disgust. To upend centuries of ruling only because the peasants demanded it?

Foolish. What made uneducated peasants think they could do better…when they knew nothing, learnt nothing about the intricate aspects of power and governance?

Unfortunately, she also knew that with the Ministry as broken as it was at this stage, still without a Minister, even an acting one, was leaving the country on a perilous edge that could easily escalate to a civil war if things didn't settle down quickly.

Something she knew Riddle would offer and highlight to those weak fools and inevitably turn it into her advantage.

"Do you know what she might want?" Walburga questioned.

Cassie's expression flickered into annoyance "What does any mudblood want?" she said scathingly before she sighed deeply. "Before this debacle, I'd say she'd want to twist the country the way she wanted. Now…" she smiled bitterly. She might actually have an easier chance once the mudbloods and the traitors were dealt with.

She would take a mile, she knew now.

She shook her head as a headache settled in. She couldn't deal with this at present.

She downed her drink and sent a last glare at her weak nephew.

"Do not give her your support. Not without understanding what it entails. Let the others suffocate under her poisonous air. You're the Lord Black. Act like it." She said before she left towards the floo.

…...

She came to though she made no appearance of it as a cold gust of wind caressed her face like frozen fingertips crawling across her face. Her eyelids creaked open, slivers of light entered her eyes as she realised the cold, hard, unforgiving place she laid upon was mountain rock.

Fleeting memories of her time in the Alps came to mind and left as soon as they arrived as she glanced at the sky above and was struck by the unfamiliar stars…no…

She knew them but they were wrong. The stars were brighter, more pronounced, like the edges of the patterns of crystal glass, the stars were brought into greater focus than she'd seen before.

Where was she? She remembered leaving the Black Manor and then…

She heard something move, a trickle of rocks being displaced, and she moved towards her wand and stilled when she realised she had nothing with her.

"I'm aware you're awake, Miss Black." A smooth voice cut in, a voice she recognised yet had not heard for years.

Her eyes flashed open and she sat up. She saw him with his back turned towards he with his hands behind his back in a slackened grip, overlooking over the sharp downward ledge of the mountain. His hair was longer, falling free past his shoulder blades while he seemed to wear simple tunics.

"So you are still alive then." Cassie said as she raised herself from the cold rock she'd been placed on.

"Did you ever really doubt?" Sayre said musingly.

"Of course not." Cassie scoffed as she glanced around. Men like Sayre never died when you wanted them t…

Her eyes widened as she caught on where she was.

A massive ring of silver grey metal ringed the surroundings like elaborate city walls stretching far into the distance, curving and hugging the landscape like a mother bear. She saw three dim lights floating in the air in the distance, like still wet snowflakes, but didn't overshadow the luminous stars that painted the night sky.

She didn't think it was in the Alps…the Swiss were rather territorial despite their largely fractious history. Now that they were united, she doubted they would have let something like this go unnoticed.

Not to mention…the stars were too wrong to be there…it's almost like they were upside down…

Australia? No…she never heard Australia having mountains.

No…this was something else.

"So this is where you've holed up after your exile then." She stated, already realised that this place was built rather than it being somewhere isolated, her mind in overdrive as she thought on where this might be.

As she pilfered through her pockets she realised that she had nothing on her, not even her well hidden second wand.

How long was she out? She wondered grimly.

"Where are we?" she asked finally as she stretched out her hand and a piece of mountain rock fizzed into her hand.

"Illos. My home." He told her as he glanced over his shoulder "And no, we're not in Australia or anywhere near it. We're…further south if that helps."

She stilled when he mentioned Australia "How…" she said dully. How could he…

"You've improved your Sight." She simply stated, her concern rising evermore.

"Yes." He said as he turned her, his purple green eyes aglow with an ethereal sheen.

He looked older, more refined than the boyish Lord that once had his boot on the neck of British Magical society. The boy that'd been cast out for his threatening and radical beliefs and ideals.

He looked every bit pureblood Lord that many believed themselves to be but could never be.

"Why am I here?" she finally asked, breaking their gaze as she looked over the ledge and saw a city of some kind in the distance, a city with buildings that looked like they were fashioned out glittering marble stone.

Was she here to hear him gloat? That he outlived Archie, that he won in the end?

Her eyes turned cold and they flickered to his, locking onto them with a hardness that would turn lesser men into quivering messes.

Yet it did not affect him, he looked unconcerned, the calm almost serene expression on his face remained unbroken.

"You have tried hard over the past decade to find out what my motivations were…to find what it is I was really after." He allowed a small smile to come across his face.

"I thought it was time for you to understand." He said as a shattering noise reverberated around them, almost startling her and she looked to where it sounded it came from.

Her gaze went up, into the sky and she saw an arrow shaped creation impossibly speed across the face of the sky like it was nothing, gaining and gaining as it continued to grow smaller and smaller.

"That was Conatum Caeleste, the first Ilosian made ship." Sayre's words broke her out of her confusion.

"Ship?" she asked confused as she turned to him. What kind of ship was that?

"A ship. But instead of sailing the seas, it will sail through the space between stars." Sayre said with a proud smile on his face and she looked at him with disbelief.

"Impossible. Nothing can survive in the void. The tales of Icarus had proven that." She denied. "And the mages since who followed in his foolish endeavours had only confirmed that belief."

His expression changed, the corners of his lips creasing. "Confirmed that belief…" he said in a soft tone, his words were almost said in the way the sounds of beating hummingbird wings carried through the air.

"For all of our race's superiority, we often tend to latch onto beliefs that were long since established by people who knew very little." He said with an amused glint in his eyes.

"Not unlike the muggles in truth."

She bristled at the comparison but all she showed outwardly was the narrowing of her eyes.

"And where's this ship headed?"

"Towards Luna. The third mission since it was built several months ago." He told her calmly, his gaze turning upward. "They improved on the design of my first ship considerably." A smile tugged on his face as he kept looking at the sky.

She sprang forth, the stone in her hand levitating before dashing forwards headed towards his head. Her eyes widened when the stone disintegrated into cloud of dust that remained still just inches from his face before they thinned and twisted around his head before reforming into a crystal clear glass ball.

He turned her, an inquisitive look on his face. "Can you do more wandless magic?" he asked curiously, dumbfounding her.

"What?" she asked deeply disturbed. He had not even flicked his hands. She knew he was capable of wandless magic, everyone knew but to think he'd improved to this level…

"No." she told him, not quite the truth. She could do a wandless Confundus and Reparo but other than that, it was mostly banishing and levitating she excelled at.

"A pity." He said in a musing tone.

"So that ship…it's headed for the Moon." She stated uncomfortably.

He smiled at her and nodded slightly. "It is. They'll set foot on it and take a few rocks for examination." His smile took an amused quality "The researchers are excited to see if the rocks will have a different magical signature to native rocks here though I suspect they'll probably be more curious about the different gravity"

This was…

She had trouble grasping what this had to do with why she was here. Even if she chose to believe the insanity he was sprouting.

"And that is part of the reason you're here." His smile fell off, the density of the air surrounding them grew slightly as she felt waves of magic rippling out of them.

She stilled under the heavy magic, under the heavy gaze that oozed domination as they remained aglow though this time with far less magnanimity and more the gaze of a predator playing with his food.

"Progress…progress is never easy. Especially when it is fundamentally different to how things used to be." Sayre's gaze was penetrating, his voice seemed to weight like a mountain would on her chest as beginning of understandings was settling in her mind.

"Here in Illos, progress is cherished, desired, something that I have painstakingly fostered and will continue to foster for many years to come." He said, his words rumbling into the world like a thunderous storm despite the fact it was soft spoken.

"Yet I cannot be selfish, not when there are entire communities out there that are suffocating by those who wish to keep the status quo, that wish to keep their world the same for a thousand years more when the other side of the world is progressing faster than they can ever elect to understand like frogs sitting in a slowly boiling pan of water." He said, his words unsettling her gravely just as his radiant eyes sizzled with boundless passion restrained by the cold unforgiving logic of the intellect that hid behind his those chilling eyes.

"You're responsible for the troubles in Britain." She hated how her voice quivered out of fear, out of rage, out of grim realisation…

"Not quite" He said with an oozing fetid smile that felt so slippery. "Though it would be a lie to say that the events that led to this point had not been allowed to happen."

"allowed to happen?" she mimicked despite the precarious situation she was in.

His smile sharpened, his eyes growing dull and into hard shards of ethereal embers. "What is happening with the muggles, the ones that are using disaffected and subjugated Squib-descendants, muggleborns, will only be the beginning as time passes. The more magical societies refuse to change, particularly European magical societies, the more avenues the muggles will have to exploit the weaknesses in our world until they discover how to destroy us."

"And so you help them destroy us now so they don't destroy us later?" she said with a scoff

"Charlus will deal with them in time." Sayre said with almost a flippant tone, as if it was already done and it sent chills down her spine.

"No…I'm not helping them, rather I am ensuring our people are aware of the slippery slope of leaving the situation unattended, to leave the door open for them to burst through and to rip us apart. A house divided cannot stand after all and what I have done is ensure a new house will be built"

"Riddle…That's the play." She said with cold realisation. All of this…all of it was orchestrated to take out the old guard and leave the new Heads to fall under her influence.

"Part of it." He said calmly as his magic receded from the world. "Magical Britain as it is now is not to our liking nor is it capable of advancing society in the way that it needs to."

Not to their liking…

"You've never stopped wanting to change Magical Britain." She said as she closed her eyes. All of her efforts, all of her brother's efforts of ridding them of Sayre's dangerous ideas were all for naught.

"Illos is my home but Magical Britain is my family's. I was never going to let go." He said with a calmness that only exacerbated the defeated feeling she felt.

"Why…Why do all this?" she asked as she opened her eyes. "And don't tell me it's because you fear the muggles." She said with a mocking laugh as she waved her hand around. "You can do all of this…you can wield magic like I have never seen before…the muggles could do nothing if you led us in the world that made you!"

He looked away from her penetrating gaze and towards the skies. "Perhaps." He said after a moment. "Perhaps I could have left things as they were and simply led when the time of the destruction of the Statute of Secrecy came." He said in a contemplative tone.

"It would have been easy too. I would have had decades of research, decades of engineering a weapon that could eliminate millions, billions of muggles" he raised his hand and snapped his fingers, the glass ball that floated in the air breaking into dust that spread like a mist "Just like that."

He turned her, the picture image of quiet control whilst his eyes danced on the edge of a burning chill.

"Yet…what is the point of such slaughter? Of such waste of life? When we have the entire universe open to us?" He said in a chilling musing tone.

"You're insane." Cassie said with a biting laugh.

He only smiled at her "Perhaps from your perspective. Sometimes I do wonder though…" he said in a fleeting quieting tone.

He regained his sharpness and his gaze settled on her, his magic rising once more as spoke again "I see our destiny out there amongst the stars, Cassiopeia Black. And everything I do is to ensure our people rise towards our potential as a people." The emeralds in the sea of purple danced like twilight stars with the way they stood aglow. "And I will see it done. Whatever the cost."

Her eyes closed. This was insanity…

For years she wanted to discover what drove him to do what he said, to push for laws everyone knew would never pass, no matter how powerful or charismatic he was.

He'd let them believe that he could be ousted without war only for Magical Britain to be taken gratefully once Riddle was done with it.

She reopened her eyes and met his gaze. She understood then.

Why she was here…

"You're going to kill me." Cassie stated, her voice surprisingly calm.

Sayre said nothing for a moment, his gaze losing its glow and turned penetrating and she felt unbalanced under it "I am." He said finally his voice calm even as her calmness broke under the weight of what was going to happen to her.

She swallowed as she broke the gaze and peered out into the distance.

"I had not wanted to." Sayre continued a little quietly. "But you are a disruptive presence, one that could have been a boon to my cause had I your loyalty but I do not and I will not."

Cassie laughed hollowly "Spare me the routine" she said scathingly as she turned him, her eyes wild with fury "Do not give me some strung up Morgana damned nonsense of reluctantly" she mockingly sneered "needing to kill me." She straightened up, her nose in the air as she looked down her nose at him.

"I am your enemy and you're going to kill me. It's as simple as that." She said with a vicious look in her eyes as she met his gaze unflinchingly.

Sayre in his arrogance smiled wanly at her, one that was teemed with accommodation and misplaced gentleness "You're not my enemy. You've never been Cassiopeia. In truth you have been nothing more than you have ever been. An opposition I respect. Nothing more, nothing less."

She bristled at the dismissive attitude "You dare reduce to me to that" she almost raged. She knew she was going to die as soon as she realised who it was that took her but the fact that he was considering her little more than a filthy curb to step over rankled her. Her, the one who elevated the Black network greater than any before, her who had set up the motions to boot out the Sayres out of their homelands.

How dare he?!

"I dare, Miss Black because it is the truth. And you know it too." He said calmly with a tilted head. "You've known for a long time."

Cassie closed her eyes. "They'll look for me."

"They will." Sayre agreed quietly and she reopened her eyes and saw a minute expression of sorrow in his face "Dorea will be frantic in her worry."

"Keep my sister's name out of your lips!" she said with chilling, seething hate that masked her fear for her sister…her family.

Sayre remained unfazed. "They'll find your body with a number of dead suspected Order of the Phoenix members." His words took the fight out of her and she laughed bitterly.

"At least I will be found dead having fought." A lie that couldn't be further from the truth. A lie that was Atticus Sayre, a Dark Lord worse than she'd ever thought possible.

"Sol Black should have helped the Gaunts kill Henry Sayre." She said bitterly, hoping to at least leave one more mark, however she could, on him.

"It is to the good of the Black family that Sol Black had not otherwise the last male heir would have likely been dead in 1996 at the hands of his female cousin." Sayre said with a non-expressive look.

"And that debt my family owes to yours will be repaid a final time when your family reaches greater heights than you or your forbearers imagined." He finished as the magic in the air thickened.

Her throat felt tight and her eyes widened as she rose in the air, her feet dangling as she tried to touch the rocks with her toes.

He had not moved an inch and his gaze remained the same, impassive yet chilling in its indifference.

Arcturus…Our family needed you now more than ever…

She though despairingly.

"Goodbye, Cassiopeia Black." He said before she felt herself pass through oblivion after a loud crack and a fleeting moment of intense pain.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

25th​ of March 1953, Malfoy Manor – 9 days after Bombing

Abraxas Malfoy POV

Abraxas stared at the full assembly with a cool expression on his face, his fingers rotating the Head of House ring on his ring finger, as he sat stiffly on the right of Lady Slytherin's empty seat at the head of the table.

It barely felt real, the death of his father, a man he had thought capable of swindling decades from Death itself…yet he lay dead just as many former Lords and Ladies of the Wizengamot had been just as the eve of the beginning of their victory had started.

A victory that would have felt like a loss had they not uncovered the devious plot of the muggles that allowed Ouroboros the opportunity to rise in the first place.

He clutched on the bout of hatred that was boiling within him. To think his father died because of them…it was unthinkable that the proud House of Malfoy was laid low because of their deviousness…just as it was unthinkable how close they were to being held hostage by the muggle filth.

His father would be rolling in his grave if he knew how close that plot had been to succeeding…

He stared down at his ring, his mind whirling with complicated thoughts of how he felt about his father's death. He had not…loved his father. Such a common thing was below a Malfoy but he had…cared for him.

His father had taught him all he needed to know to thrive in this world, all he needed to know to become a worthy heir of the Malfoy family that continued to grow as the decades passed, passing by failing families and usurping their positions, ever growing nearer to the top of the chain.

Something that seemed to be in their immediate destiny with the capitulation of the Black family and the victory of the Ouroboros faction resulting in its elevation as the dominant faction within the Wizengamot with one of their own elected as Minister.

His father had known the game had changed when Lord Sayre defeated Grindelwald, when he'd seen a sliver of her power and her ability to twist others into supporting her and more so when his father had seen his shaken form when he'd come back from that night when he'd seen them raise a foundation of Illos.

From that point onwards, his father had told him that he was to establish himself as her right hand man, to be to her what Agrippa had been to Octavian even if their roles were reversed, something he knew he was well on his way on achieving despite the challenges that Lestrange and Rockwood presented.

Yet he would not see it happen, not now when in one single mad night his father was killed in an attack that caused a Wizengamot to lay broken just as the ancient magicks that held it in place was broken.

He was now Lord Malfoy in the wake of his father's death in an event that shook the realm to its core just as it was an act that shook the very foundation of the nobility within the Isles but not with him…no…

He was burning with dripping fury, full of unrelenting and consuming hate at the thought of those that dared to strike at his father. The fact it was unlikely they'd live for long mattered not.

No…not when he knew that they had not acted alone.

He would have retribution, one way or another…in whatever form it may come.

His expression remained unchanged as he looked up, peering to his left and met the gaze of Rasmussen Lestrange, who had been there that night, only saved by the fortune of being near enough to their Lady whilst nearly everyone else lay dead with only Prince being the only other important survivor in that night. Next to him was Lord Theodore Nott, just as newly invested in his Headship as Abraxas was, his hard grey eyes were unyielding as they stared across towards the other Nobles within the Assembly.

Nott had not taken the death of his father well, a firm inflexibility was beginning to settle within him that reminded Abraxas of the late Lord Nott…just as cool cruelty was. It was unsubstantiated, he knew but he was sure Nott had taken care of one particular vocal supporter of the terrorists on the morn of his taking of the Nott Headship. The way the man had been butchered had been with a surgical hand, one of patience and professionalism and Nott was all that and more.

He stared contemptuously as the gathering tonight, at the looks of confidence and impatience as they waited on her yet he could see underneath the surface of their bravado, of their false confidence, an undertone of fear and longing for safety.

His eyes flickered across, his eyes measuring up each of the Lords and Ladies that were here tonight talking amongst themselves and there were many.

Every single Head of House or Regent from the Traditionalist, Ouroboros or Neutral camp had come, two thirds of the entire nobility that sat on the Wizengamot, filling the ball room that fashioned as an assembly hall nearly completely.

Yet what he saw…

He found them wanting.

Even Orion Black was nothing…the man who Arcturus Black had practically rewritten into a lesser than what he could have become.

Many of them had been his classmates, his fellow Slytherins yet all he saw was weakness, frightened little animals who'd forgotten what it was to be magical, resting on their laurels to the point that filth no longer had to dream to strike against them, not when they could so with near impunity or with a gleeful eye from afar.

He knew that many present today had personally pledged their allegiance to her as Salazar's Heir on that fateful day in Hogwarts but he also knew that it was support from a distance barring a small few who'd chosen to join Ouroboros.

Half-hearted support that had come from being unwilling to risk their positions as heirs of their Houses when Lord Black had wrung his hands around the necks of the Traditionalists, at most extending their influence over their Heads of Houses to ensure they kept the 'peace' that had been reached between themselves and Lady Slytherin during the Sayre crisis even though Lady Slytherin had ensured such actions would have devastating consequence anyway.

Something that many of them were hoping would not be brought up now that they had ascended to Head of House but he knew it was foolish wishful thinking.

She was far from the forgiving type.

And now, they had come because they were fearful of the violence that was levied against them, their purity and their vaunted position in society having turned into less than nothing, seeking her out for security and safety like children.

He allowed an infinitesimal smirk to grow on his face. At least now, with them feeling fearful and threatened, it would become easier for them to accelerate their plans for Magical Britain. The goal of herding them to their cause slowly was no longer needed, not in the degree they'd initially planned. Not when it was made so much easier with the filthy enemies they uncovered.

The doors thumped open and all eyes moved towards them. She strode forward with elegant grace, as if she was gliding over the floor.

She wore no smile, no expression, merely blankness on her pristine unblemished face yet the power that rippled out of her like waves of darkness was unmistakable, the presence she gave off stilled any conversation, stilled all into focusing their attention on her like she was a beacon of darkness and they were moths to the irresistible allure to the power she so effortlessly emitted.

Lestrange was the first to rise, then Rockwood until all of her faithful rose and the others were compelled to do so as well.

If any had doubts of who led this meeting, it was dispelled now.

Her dark eyes swept across the room, taking in face after face, a gaze that he saw many unable to meet for longer than a few seconds, before she arrived at the head of the table, the seat sliding across without her moving any of her hands, an act that left more than a few wide eyed at the blatant use of magic.

She sat down, the chair sliding across behind her and Abraxas took this as the cue speak. "Welcome my Lords and Ladies, to this meeting to deal with the existential threat we are facing." Abraxas said with a cool silky voice.

"And what do you mean by that, Lord Malfoy?" Lord Yaxley asked in a cold tone, his eyes flickered momentarily to Lady Slytherin who looked on impassively and Yaxley returned his gaze back at Abraxas.

"The Aurors have been rooting out the traitors and the filthy mudbloods" More than a few hissed out at the mention of the mudbloods, faces contorting in anger and hate.

Something he could more than understand. It might not have been them that killed most of family members of those present here today but they were complicit and they were partaking in the raids that Order of the Phoenix were leading.

As far as they were concerned, the mudbloods would pay dearly once the crisis was over.

"And once that is done, and the filth executed like the beasts they are, things will go back to normal, back to how they have always been." Lord Sykes picked up from Yaxley.

Rasmussen scoffed derisively as he peered down contemptuously at Sykes "You are delusional if you think the attacks on us hasn't changed things at all." Rasmussen leaned forward, his gaze dark as he stared at Sykes before turning his gaze towards Yaxley.

"The bombing destroyed the Wizengamot, the ancient magicks that reinforced our noble rights as rulers of Magical Britain is destroyed and the public knows it." Rasmussen said with a dangerous tone.

"The small part of the public that have withdrawn their support from the filth?" Lady Travers said with the shake of the head before she peered down at Rasmussen "The same public that are now decrying the attacks by the filth and condemning them instead of agreeing with them? You're making this an issue larger than it is."

"They have withdrawn their support, true, but they still support the idea of greater representation within the Ministry." Lord Prince said with a croaky voice. His injuries had not healed completely and likely never would.

"Once they are dealt with, they will return their attentions back to the core issue of the situation. The conversations in the Alleys have already moved towards this." Lord Prince finished.

"Why would they not support the measures the Ouroboros championed?" Lord Gamp asked with a frown as he looked at them with a concerned look "The public had been in favour of that."

"Why would they…" her voice echoed in the room as every gaze fell on her and a constricting wash of malice flashed momentarily as the magic in the room grew heavy. Wisps of shadows seemed to ripple around her even as her eyes were aglow.

"When they've started to think it's not enough?" She said as she leaned forward, her hand stretching out on the table.

"These attacks…are not going to go away." Her eyes swept across the room "Not even once the traitors are dealt with. They may not even violent either but the attacks on our nobility will continue, in one form or another. Maybe not for years, perhaps not for decades but eventually, when things continue to simmer into a boiling point, someone else will rise and take advantage."

Concerned murmurs sprang around and Lord Wilkins spoke up, the nephew of the late Director of the DMLE "And in that time, we will be ready for any such threats." Wilkins said with clenched teeth, a rhetoric that many approved of.

"Perhaps." Lady Slytherin said in a conciliatory tone, the corners of her lips sharpening as her eyes darkened further. "It is even likely such threats would be dealt with before they even crop up but…" she said as she leaned forward, her face darkening as the shadows around her twisted.

"You've already seen the length some desperate people will do to remove us from our positions…lengths that failed this time, lengths that may not fail next time but what about after that, to our future heirs?" She intoned softly as she looked around.

"Do you see how easy it can be for some clever ambitious filth to rise and to offer an alternative that would give the masses an illusion of power, a path to riches that would be confiscated from their betters?" she said alluringly, her words seeming to permeate within their minds.

"It will only take one clever man, or woman, to whisper in the ears of the masses…to rile them up in a way that is likely to be worse than what have faced only days ago. Truth is, the next movement may not be as incompetent as these fools were who squandered a golden opportunity." Lady Slytherin said in a cool voice.

"With your power, we can ensure we don't lose anything. You're the most powerful magical alive!" Lord Gibbon called out with more than a few murmurs of agreement.

"You want me to lead?" she questioned with a curious lilt to her voice.

"Yes!" "Of course!" "…Isn't that why we're here?!"

Lady Slytherin looked around before she laughed and it was chilling "And why would I do that?" she asked, her laugh having petered out as her voice shifted into menace, one that seemed to scratch and bite at the back of their necks.

"Because all of this is your husband's fault!" a chair scraped across the floor as the new Lord Burke stood up, an angry expression on his face. As far as Abraxas could remember, the man held a deep grudge against Lord Sayre.

"He was responsible for setting off everything! He was the one who put it in their heads in the first place, he was responsible for destroying the social order and he was responsible for destroying the economy!" Lord Burke said furiously as he waved his hand around angrily.

"You owe us." Lord Burke finished and Abraxas leaned back in his chair, his surprise kept off of his face. The fool must believe that she wouldn't act amidst a gathering of Lords.

He could see why Burke would think she wouldn't. She had kept her reputation pristine and even in those private meetings she had with the late Heads of Houses, she rarely allowed her true face to show.

But the game had changed…unfortunately for him.

"Are you done?" Lady Slytherin commented with a bored tone though her eyes were dimly aglow as they bored into Lord Burke who met the gaze defiantly despite the fact that her gaze was unsettling him.

"I'm far fro-" Burke began to choke, his hands wrapped around his neck. He jolted into the air, above all of their heads.

"My husband…" she began slowly, her eyes never leaving those of Burke whose face was growing redder and redder "recognised the pitfalls of our institutions and the exploitation that it allows madmen to take. Tell me…my Lords, my Ladies…how did a madman like Grindelwald rise to power?" she said with an easy calm as her eyes flittered across to the room, her eyes latching onto another set again and again before she continued.

"He rose to power in the ballrooms of the elites within the Austrian and German Ministries. His silver tongue swayed and charmed powerful families to his cause despite the fact that war and revolution are never in the interest of the wealthy families." Lady Slytherin's eyes began to gleam.

"In this instance, revolution was spoken and roused in the pubs, in the living rooms and in the streets. The pattern remains the same even if the environment changed." Her eyes were half lidded as she spoke without an ounce of care.

"Something that will happen again and again in time when the conditions do not change. The Isonomian Movement and the Order of the Phoenix have overplayed their hands with the brutal murders they committed and continue to commit but eventually? Someone smarter will exploit the same weaknesses to much greater effects." She said as she raised her open hand and slowly closed them.

The sounds of bones breaking reverberated in the deathly silent room as Burke's bones snapped and his screams dying in his choked up throat until Lady Slytherin flicked her finger and sent Burke flying into the wall before landing on the cold marble floor with a thud.

"You ask me to lead you against such threats…" she continued, the room spellbound in their seats as the thickness of magic in the room grew and grew, her dark eyes shining with cold cruelty.

"Yet I have sssseeen your weaknesssssssssssss and none of your sssssstrength" She snarled with disgust as she descended towards sibilant parseltongue.

It shocked the room into deathly silence as she leaned forward, her predatory eyes dark with menace as waves of magic rippled out from her.

More than a few bowed their heads, some in fear and some in shock.

"Do you deny…" her voice was soft but could not hide the deadly intent behind it.

"…that you're only here because you're fearful…fearing the threats outside of your homes, outside in the streets where you may be picked off like the rats those filth believe you to be?" Her eyes gleamed savagely as she looked around before she leaned back looking across the room with a bored look.

"I remember when many of you pledged your allegiance to me." She began, her voice calmer but no less chilling "When you pledged yourself to Salazar's Heir. Until it became inconvenient." Her lips curled into a savage smile as her eyes glinted.

Lady Slytherin's eyes flickered to Orion Black who met her gaze. "Some of you may not remember" she said clearly referring to Orion before she looked towards the others "But the rest of you…"

"You did little to honour your pledge to me."

"Lady Slytherin." Lord Crixus Flint spoke up, his voice intensely respectful. Not surprising given that he was amongst the first to pledge his personal allegiance to her back in Hogwarts.

"It is true many of us had pledged our loyalties to you in our days at Hogwarts, to you as Salazar's heir." Flint began with a bowed head before he looked up and looked across the table "Some of us had not kept that pledge of allegiance as well as we should have."

Several faces were shamefaced as Flint glanced at them "And there is no excuse for it. Even if it was largely done to keep our position so that we may aid you in the future."

"Aid that we will provide without restraint!" Lord Avery promised hastily much to the murmured agreement of many of the other Lords and Ladies.

Her eyes trailed across "We will see how true that is." She looked to Flint "For now, I can accept your reasoning."

"However…" she began her arctic cold eyes trailing across the room "Any further wavering will not forgiven so easily." Flint nodded wearily before looking at Burke's collapsed form.

"As to dealing with the threat the public represents, now or in the future, we can easily pre-empt that all the while dealing with the existential threat so…" shadows began to move

"Why let this perfect opportunity go?" she crooned, her eyes glowing like two dark stars adrift in a sea of shadows.

She turned her gaze around the table "Tell me…where does power lie?" she said as she outstretched her hands and a force of magic ripped out of her, the room descending into near total blackness had it not been for the lights of the candles twisting around her form as she stood up.

Her black eyes turned reminiscent of volcanic glass shards with the way they glowed, her eyes flickering from one Lord to the other as she placed her arms back her back.

The shadows around her writhed and wreathed before they flowed across the table much to the surprise and shock of those present which only increased when the table ceased to exist, replaced by a mass of shadows that parted as she strode forward.

"The public, the traitors, the squibborn and even yourselves believe it is within the Wizengamot, believe it is your seats that gave you the powersssssss…" she hissed out maliciously, something that sent shivers down the spine of all those present.

"…To rule the nation." She said with a vicious gleam in her eyes.

"We all know that it is an illusion that has been shattered in the wake of the Bombing and in the poisonous message that has been released into the world." She said, transfixing all to her words as truth rang with her message.

"Power…" she whispered softly, her eyes glowing impossible black as the shadows crept up at the back of each seats like serpents causing more than a few to rise up from their seats but it was to avail as the magic licked at their bodies, at their faces, its addictive qualities calming all under its effect "has always been within our blood, within our bodies. Magic is power and that has been the singular truth since Time itself began." She intoned with a vicious curl of her lips as the shadows withdrew away and back around her form.

Abraxas looked around and saw more than a few sigh in relief at the retreat of the magic but he also saw more than a few agree in principle with her.

"You have forgotten that a political seat is only a veneer of true power." She said with a deathly calmness as she stopped at the centre, turning around with a regal grace as she looked at everyone.

"Just as you have forgotten that the Wizengamot was nothing more than a way to keep those with power in check." She continued and it caused several to blink in confusion.

"Tell me...my Lords, my Ladies…do any of you know of the truth of the power vested within the Wizengamot, from whom that power had come from?"

Gamp spoke up nervously "It's the successor of the Wizards Council."

She turned to him and Gamp stiffened slightly under her gaze "Yes." She raised her hand "But it is also the means by which the muggle royalty ensured we were put in the place they wanted us to be in. It has been the means by which our loyalty was ensured to the muggle filth for generations. Merlin Emrys shackled our families to the muggle Crown, tying our bloodlines to our nobilities that had been ours long before the muggles even rose out of their mud huts." She said with malice, her magic rippling with the fury that shone in her eyes.

She snapped her fingers and a man dropped at the centre of the room beneath Slytherin's feet. He was on his knees, looking haggard but when he looked up, it was clear to see the hate in his eyes behind his horse rimmed glasses.

"This…is John Smith" she said as she raised her hand towards him. The man's eyes widened, his eyes bulging as he was raised into the air.

"It is not his real name, of course. His true name is Jacob Johnston, a muggle" the room gasped as they stared at the man "and the leader of the Magical Division within the Secret Intelligence in the muggle government."

At this there was uproar amongst the gathered nobility.

"What?!" "Magical Division?!"

"Yesssssss…." She hissed out sibilantly as she glanced around "The Magical Division of their spy agency. An agency that is dedicated to our world, infiltrating, learning as much as they can from us whilst also ruffling up unrest until an opportunity arose for them to intervene." The room was deathly silent at the weight of what was said.

"Did they have a hand in the current unrest?" Yaxley asked, his question causing several to draw in sharp intake of breaths.

Abraxas stared coolly at the muggle. He'd known that the muggles had traitors working with them for some time now, having been part of the investigation about where the Isonomian Movement had come from.

Mudbloods had betrayed them all but it was the muggles that were by far the more dangerous threat that would need to be dealt with…after the traitorous mudbloods were exterminated.

"They did. The bomb that was used was one of their designs." Lady Slytherin said with a cool calmness.

This caused several to walk angrily forward.

"Give me my wand" "Kill the muggle!" "Bastard filth" "Kill them all"

A massive bang exploded above their heads silencing them all but if looks could kill, the muggle would be dead a hundred times over.

"Control yourselves." Lady Slytherin chastised with a harsh glare. "If you cannot, leave. There is far more angering information for you hear and you will control yourselves if you remain…is that understood?" she said with a deathly tone.

Murmurs rang out but none left and none challenged her. She seemed to accept that before she turned her gaze towards him.

"Abraxas" she simply said and he bowed his head. He knew that she didn't want it to be known she was capable of this wandlessly.

"Dobby!" *POP*

"Master" the pitiful young elf croaked out.

"Bring Lady Slytherin her wand" he said with a harsh tone.

"Yes Master" *POP* and her bone white wand floated towards her.

Her wand fell into her hand and she turned it to the muggle "Imperio"

Abraxas glanced around and whilst it surprised some, it did not outrage any as it never should. It was only a filthy muggle.

Still, it was a good thing that he demanded they to swear a secrecy oath before accepting their attendance.

"How long has your government been plotting against the Magical World?" she questioned

"Since the late 1930s" the muggle said dully, his eyes blank.

The room descended into furious murmurs, shocked and outrage on their faces and more than a little fear.

"Why?" she continued to question

"Because we learnt you were responsible for Hitler and the Second Great War."

"That was Grindelwald." Lady Slytherin pointed out with a tilted head.

"He was one of you. That is enough." The muggle intoned blankly much to the anger of those present.

"Did you foment the unrest in the Magical World?" she continued to question

"Yes."

"How?"

"By providing funding, by providing spells and supernatural weaponry."

"Supernatural?" she asked the question on many lips.

"Magic is supernatural. Against nature. It is an abomination." This tested the limits of many

"He calls us an abomination" "They are the abominations without magic" Abraxas heard whispered.

"Why now?"

"We have enough supernaturals to make things difficult for you."

"Traitors!" "Mudbloods have betrayed us" he heard angrily and they were not wrong. They were betrayed…more than they could know.

"For what purpose?"

"To restore the Crown's authority over its citizens however unnatural and abominable they might be."

"And how would you do this?"

"By taking advantage of the Oaths of Allegiance tied to the nobility granted by Her Majesty."

This silenced the room to the point you could hear a pin drop.

Lady Slytherin continued "Then why have your terrorists bomb the very place that would have held us prisoner?"

The muggle spoke up blankly "That was not the plan. They operated without telling us what they were going to use the bomb for. We would have ordered them not to and requested they instead bomb Law Enforcement."

The fact that he said ordered did not escape the notice of more than a few, Abraxas noted.

"What would you have done with the Oaths of Allegiances?" Lord Prince asked as he huddled over with cane, staring intently at the muggle.

"Control you like you should be. You are a threat that cannot be left uncontrolled. The threat of losing your magic would be enough to stop from being a problem." The muggle answered dully.

Lord Prince's face twisted slightly at the muggle's words and Abraxas knew that Prince was thinking that for many it was a cost too high to pay for freedom.

"This is the existential threat Lord Malfoy spoke off." Lady Slytherin's voice permeated through the deathly silent room, her eyes trailing across the room.

"Through the imagined power of the Wizengamot, the filthy muggles intended to chain us to their muggle royalty." She said in a whispered tone, the lights of the candles flickering furiously as the shadows writhed around her "Holding our very magic hostage as they seek to pollute and infect our very world with their filthy hands."

The anger of the gathered nobility was rising, the hateful looks the muggle was getting were intense and he could feel the malice pouring out of her, a symphony of rage, hate and cruelty that stroked the flames within the souls of all those present.

She turned her gleaming eyes towards the muggle, the muggle who looked upon with utter fear, something she only smiled cruelly at. She holstered her wand and flicked her fingers, black flames erupting from the tips of her fingers, dancing, writhing as the muggle stared helplessly the flames.

She flicked the black flames towards him, a torrent of black fires engulfed the muggle, and shrieks erupted from the muggles mouth, whatever silencing spell he'd been on having been cancelled whilst his shrieks echoed in the room.

Abraxas looked around and he saw that many were looking on approvingly, the dark fires dancing in their eyes, almost enraptured by the brutal death that he knew she was stretching along.

The shrieks petered out before dying out completely and with a twist of the wrist, the black flames took on a red tinge and within a second, the fires were dispelled, leaving nothing but miniscule amounts of floating ash before she waved her fingers lazily and vanished it away.

She turned her gaze towards the gathered nobility "Through providence, we have been granted an opportunity that has allowed us to escape the chains the muggles had intended to wrap around our necks."

"Through the incompetence of the very terrorists they aided." Rasmussen mocked derisively.

Her eyes gleamed as she inclined her head towards him "Yes…" before she turned to the rest of nobility again.

"However, that is not the end of the threat. The magic within the chamber enforced the Oaths of Allegiances yes but it was not the only thing that bound our noble families to the muggle Crown."

"It's bound to our titles." Lord Yaxley said perceptively, his expression grave. "We'd have to give up our titles to ensure whatever binding is upon is removed."

"You can't be serious!" the new Lord Avery said aghast. "You want us to give up our titles?!"

Abraxas glanced around, watching the reaction around the room. He knew that it would be something that many would be absolutely loathed to give up.

Lady Slytherin stared at Lord Avery with impassive eyes "Yes…and no." She said smoothly.

"The nobility we hold are tied to the titles that many of our ancestors had held centuries prior to the Statute of Secrecy, many of them having been affirmed by the Kings of Scotland and England in 1342." She paused momentarily as she looked around.

"Lands and titles that were relinquished in 1692 and further enshrined into law in 1707 when the muggle Queen Anne ratified the charter for the Ministry of Magic." Lord Parkinson spoke up for the first time.

Lady Slytherin turned to him with a nod "Yes…however." She said with a raised finger "There were provisions made in the event that should the Statute of Secrecy fall, the titles and lands that were held in the Crown's trust would be returned to the Magical nobility. It was meant as a safeguard by the nobility of the day to ensure their lands and titles would be returned to them."

Eyes widened "Which means the magic would never be dispelled unless we magically relinquish our claims." Lord Prince said with a deep frown.

"Correct. Until then, we are bound to the muggle Crown even if we personally have not sworn allegiance and not further enforced by the magic of the Wizengamot chamber."

"So how do you propose we keep our titles?" Lord Avery asked with a frown.

She turned him, her eyes unsettling Avery as he began to swallow nervously.

Lady Slytherin turned her gaze away and looked at the gathered nobility "By altering the system we have now and in a single stroke we remove our binds to the muggle world whilst at the same time placating the public by granting them the greater voice they've so desired."

"A two tiered system of governance, one that separates the ancient covenant of the Wizard's Council from the elected body of governance whilst ensuring the country is protected from dangerous elements and muggle infiltration." She explained to them.

He already knew of this plan days before she suggested it. After the bombing Lady Slytherin had been furious and had personally gone and captured a number of the muggles for interrogation and it was through them that they learned of this muggle.

To say it horrified those in the inner circle would be a lie. He'd even seen her disturbed by what the muggles planned on doing.

She'd known for some time about the muggle infiltration in the magical world and intended to use it when Ouroboros had command of the Ministry but it seemed they might have instead walked into a disaster had it truly happened.

"It would be separate from the Ministry of Magic free from the Charter that binds the Ministry to the muggles yet at the same time it would be enshrined into law."

"And what would be the purpose of this Council?" Lord Gibbon asked with a frown.

Her lips curled to a smile "The purpose of the Assembly of Lords would be to debate legislation and have the power to amend or reject bills through a majority vote amongst the Assembly of Lords."

A chuckle erupted from Lord Parkinson's lips "So effectively it would ensure that nothing would pass from the elected part of the government unless we agree?" he said with a growing smirk, something that many were also now sporting.

"Nothing would really change" Lord Avery said with interest in his eyes.

Abraxas wanted to roll his eyes at that.

"Not quite but essentially yes. There will be work needed to be done to cover the details of course but effectively we will give the public the representation they want closing out any threats of dangerous notions of revolution, representation that we will still have significant influence over given our wealth whilst at the same time we keep the prestige owed to us due to our heritage." Lady Slytherin finished and Abraxas could see she'd won most of them over.

"When will you bring this forward?" Lord Bletchley asked.

"When the Ministry reopens the Wizengamot for sessions again"

"3rd​ of April." Bletchley said with a nod.

Abraxas took the opportunity to look around as the Lords and Ladies began to ask questions and his gaze fell on Orion and saw him frowning.

Abraxas' opinion of Orion had dwindled much over the past decade. Whatever Arcturus had done, it had shackled that unpredictable side of his, one that was closely linked to his more loose sanity, and instead made him timid.

In truth, he wasn't sure if he was elated or disappointed that Orion was now the Lord Black. With the death of Lord Black, House Black was teetering at the top position they held for so long and Orion would prove to be unable to rise to keep them from falling.

It was a shame Lady Slytherin had plans for House Black.

"And the muggles?" Lord Black finally spoke after a while "What will you do with them?"

Murmurs broke out at the question.

"The Aurors are aware of the duplicity of the muggles" She said smoothly as her eyes glinted "And soon enough we will have them dealt with." She said with a cruel tilt to her voice something that many picked up, much to their approval.

Hours later, he was alone with Lestrange, Rockwood and their Lady.

"The Progressives might not agree" Lestrange commented after they'd talked about some of their future plans.

"Not all of them." She agreed "But we don't need all of them to agree...we only need three quarters of the vote to pass. A number we already we have close to given that the Ministry votes are ours anyway at present despite the fact that it hasn't been sworn in yet. Elbert Higgins is the next Minster in line after all."

"Wasn't he just an undersecretary? Not even an important enough figure to warrant to even be there that day?" Lestrange asked with grim bemusement.

"And now he is Minister as the only surviving member of cabinet." Rockwood muttered before he caught what he just said and spied an apologetic glance at Abraxas and the others "Apologies."

Abraxas didn't comment "I take it you will still speak with them?" Abraxas asked of her.

"I will" She confirmed "I have a somewhat cordial relationship with the Longbottoms and he has substantial influence amongst the Progressives…especially now."

"Speaking of support…how many of them do you think recant on their support?" Abraxas asked in a mild drawl before he sipped on his drink.

She chuckled lightly as she leaned back, crossing her legs "Several." She said with a dangerous glint in her eyes. Abraxas almost felt sorry for them. He knew she would no longer restrain herself as she had done over the past few years.

Rockwood smirked as his eyes sparkled "I take it you have a plan in place already?"

She looked at him with a raised eyebrow and Rockwood raised his hands in defeat "I know, stupid question." He said with a laugh.

"It's still risky." Abraxas commented with a serious frown "There's no guarantee we'll have as much influence then as we do now. We are giving up a lot of power."

She turned to him, her dark eyes lazily set on him. "Tell me…Abraxas. Where does true power lie?" she spoke with soft elegance.

Abraxas was silent for a moment "In whatever that makes the other behave as you wish." People believed it was in their bloodlines, in their names…some believed it to be their magic whilst others believed it to be whatever it was that allowed them to lord it over others.

Her lip curled ever so slightly "Exactly." Her eyes sharpened "My power will always remain the same as its always been. For us, little will change. For them…" her eyes darkened maliciously "They'll soon find out they hold little power" her words were spoken with deathly malice.

His eyes shone with restrained excitement, something that Lestrange and Rockwood did not bother to hide.

It was their time now.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

28th​ of March 1953, Leicester

Charlus Potter POV

He looked through his omniculars and saw movement through the windows of the dingy pub at the corner of the street in a sleepy part of this muggle town. He flicked on the alternate setting on the omniculars and heat signatures flashed on and he saw that there four main levels, one underground, and two floors up with the upper most floor only containing two individuals.

In total were twenty two suspects in the pub with most on the ground floor or first floor.

Charlus signalled the secondary force to make the entry at the back entrance once the curse-breakers confirmed that it was safe to proceed and the anti-apparition and portkey wards were up.

They'd been relentless in their pursuit of both groups, having captured over eighty percent of the terrorists over the past few days. They'd been smart, breaking their groups into cells that had only had one point of contact in each cell but they'd gotten lucky with a captured target who'd known more than he should have and from him, they'd taken out most of the leadership of both organisations.

Beli Allord was dead, one of the leaders of the Order of the Phoenix, killed during one of the raids whilst Samael Danton, the other major leader, was already in custody. From him, they gotten most of the information they needed to round up nearly all of the members of the organisation, including several high ranking members of the Isonomian Movement whose interrogation led to this pub as one of their safe houses.

The doors were smashed in and spell fire rippled through the neighbourhood and Charlus jumped on his broom and led his team to the second floor of the pub, and he smashed into the windows before righting himself and throwing up a shield.

A spell splashed against his shield before he flicked his wand up, a hardboard plank from the floor springing loose underneath the perpetrator, slightly unbalancing him and he twisted around evading a nasty bone breaker curse before rounding up with a speedy spell chain that the perpetrator unconscious and chained up.

The wall broke apart, splintering, and he ducked even as others of his team entered through the window "Hostile, three o'clock!"

Two of his Aurors rushed through the doors whilst he flashed a Depulso through the torn hole before steaming through it with a raised shield.

A gush of fire smashed into his shield and he swivelled around, crouching lower as he swept his arm in an arc and generated a whirlwind of wind that snuffed out the flames before twisting his arm up and creating spears of wind which he sent careening towards the source of the flame.

A cry pain hollered around him whilst his Aurors burst through the doors to the room and stunned the man before tying him up.

The rest of the Aurors arrived and he turned to them "We move in pairs, standard cover formation" He ordered and his Aurors nodded in agreement.

They moved through the pub, fighting as they descended down the stairs, the place turning into a narrow constricting battlefield but his Aurors were trained for this as they used their surroundings to discomfort and unbalance their opponents.

He rushed into an room on the first floor and he ducked under a spell that smashed into the wall behind him before he, with blistering speed, swept his wand across and let off several spell chains that the perpetrator had difficulty dealing before a Reducto struck the perpetrator on the shoulder and sent him flying.

Charlus drew back his wand after he flicked his wand in a flourish, the wooden planks of the floor twisting and turning into vines that shot up and seized the perpetrator by the ankle and tossed him into a wall though the perpetrator managed to get a nasty cutting curse off that Charlus evaded by turning his body slightly to the left.

Charlus flicked his wand, sweeping side to side and the vines smashed the perpetrator like a rag doll against the ceiling and the floor, knocking him out. Charlus removed the man's wand before stringing him up tightly with the vines before moving on.

The battle raged on for several more minutes before spell fire dwindled away and all perpetrators were captured.

Charlus walked down the stairs and saw the cuffed and chained suspects, most of them unconscious, before his gaze fell upon their most prized capture of the night.

Enoch was down, out, but it didn't stop him from smiling viciously at the sight of the last leader that still hadn't been accounted for.

A day after they processed all of the captured, he made his way towards the one of the interrogation rooms. He nodded to the Auror and walked through the door.

Enoch's gaze fell upon him and it was one of impassiveness, one showed no emotion at his predicament. His face showed bruises and there were untreated cuts on the right side of his cheek, likely done by one of the more unrestrained Aurors. Charlus couldn't find it within himself to care one bit. Not after they'd learnt.

Enoch had already been questioned on the night of his capture with Veritaserum and they'd wrung out every little secret they could have out of him.

And what secrets he held…

The involvement of the muggles went deep and it was something they would have to deal with very soon.

Charlus glanced at the chair opposite him and took it, settling into it with dragging intent.

He stared at Enoch, who stared back, who remained impassive. This went on for several minutes before he decided to break the impasse.

"Michael Enoch" Charlus intoned as he leaned forward across the table, his elbows digging into the hard wood like knives.

The man gave no visible reaction to his name, something that annoyed Charlus but he didn't let it show. "It's over." Charlus said, a cold glint shining in his eye "The terror you have induced is over. As we speak, every single one of your brethren has been captured or will be captured and soon enough, your organisation will be dismantled just as the Order of the Phoenix has been."

Charlus allowed a cold smirk to form on his face.

"Do you think you have won?" Enoch spoke up for the first time, his voice rough.

Charlus said nothing but he allowed his smirk to grew wider something that seemed to irritate Enoch.

"I accepted my death." Enoch continued, his voice descending down to a whisper "I always had but I will live on long after I die in what I have done." Enoch's eyes shone with fanaticism.

"I have shown you and your ilk can bleed like the rest of us mortals. That the blood you so cherishingly hold onto is just as red as the rest of us. Those fools might have recanted their support for my people but in the back of their minds, they will remember what it is I have fought for and the next time your precious Lords" Enoch spat out, his eyes shining with malice

"The next time your Lords abuse their power, this will only happen again and again." Enoch said a victorious smile.

"With ample support by your muggle friends?" Charlus asked leadingly.

Something flashed in Enoch's eyes "They were a means to an end. A means you no doubt will do your best to remove." Enoch leaned back "In the end though, you'll do nothing more than delay the inevitable. You and your kind will continue to make enemies and one day you won't be able to wipe it away with the wave of a wand." He finished before he closed his eyes, his breathing a little laboured.

Enoch said little else after that and Charlus left not long after. The conversation had little purpose but for Charlus to simply speak with the man, to let him know he failed yet all it left him with was a feeling of incompleteness.

Not long after, he met with Emile Tiff who sat with his arms crossed, intently staring Charlus "You seem bothered. Talks with Enoch not go as well as you wished?"

Charlus met his boss' gaze "Not so much." Charlus glanced away. "He believes himself to be a martyr. And I can't seem to disagree with that."

Tiff hummed for a moment. "For a small minority he might become one." Tiff said as he stood and walked towards his cabinet. He pulled out two glasses and poured firewhiskey in them.

He walked over and handed one glass to Charlus. "But we won't let what happened ever again." He said with a tone of steel.

Charlus met the gaze of his boss and finally nodded after a few seconds. He downed half of the glass, wincing as it burned his throat "Agreed."

Tiff smiled thinly as he nodded before he grew serious "Good. We still have more work to do."

"The muggles." Charlus said with a firm nod.

Their conversation lasted well into the night.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

30th​ of March 1953 – British Ministry of Magic, Atrium, 14 days after Bombing

Rupert Scrimgeour POV

The atrium quieted down to a hush as Lady Slytherin stepped up to the podium.

He wasn't sure why she decided to call this public conference. Most of his colleagues had excitedly speculated that it was in relation to the bombing and the subsequent complete dismantling of the terrorist groups but he wasn't so sure but he couldn't place why either.

The Lady Slytherin, the Lady Sayre, did not comment politically at all, not since the early years since Grindelwald's defeat and he did not think she would break that streak.

She was a beautiful woman up close he admitted to himself. It was odd that none of the publications ever mentioned that even if they quoted her when she spoke about education or about some tradition or some such.

Perhaps it was because of who her husband was, he mused to himself. Sayre might have gone from the Isles but the weight of who he was still carried heavily in Magical Britain.

He shook his head clear as she began to speak "The past couple of weeks have been some of the darkest of this great nation" Lady Slytherin began, her melodic voice carrying a sense of loss and heaviness.

"I saw men and women murdered enmasse in cold blood within a blink of an eye. Bodies of long serving members of society, of innocent individuals who had the misfortune of attending the first session of the new administration…" Lady Slytherin trailed off solemnly and the room quieted down to a very quiet murmur.

None of the Survivors-Of-The-Bombing had spoken up about the bombing despite the heavy interest.

"People who had wished to improve the current conditions that has so divided our nation for too many years, died before their time and it is a great loss that we will feel for many years to come. Yet they were not the only ones who suffered in the past couple of weeks. Men, women and children" a spike of anger flashed across her face before it disappeared though not before people noticed and several journalists placed their notepads down as they looked on with saddened expressions.

"Who had nothing to do with the conflict were murdered simply for the name they carried, simply for the relation they carried to those who the terrorists deemed to be guilty in their insane and addled minds."

Some among the public were teary eyed, others angry and grieving but all were listening intently.

"And in those acts of terrorism, those acts of supreme evil, they twisted the good and the just grievances that many people had with the Ministry." Lady Slytherin said much to his surprise.

Was that…?

Was that truly an acknowledgement? He wondered in great surprise. It was unheard off!

It seemed more than a few realised that too as he glanced around.

"Yes, my fellow citizens, I acknowledge the just grievances the public has had with regards to the unjust treatment of a large part of the public. The forcing of good British citizens to work in low paying and hard jobs, the harassment of the Ministry of squib-borns and the unfair business practices that have caused many lives to be harder than they should have.

I along with many recognise the true fight for the rights of others, the fight to cast away the chains of oppression, discrimination and inequality that is rife in our society. The true fight that was spoken with words, with dialogue, with debate, not with the mindless violence that was perpetrated by the terrorists who selfishly wanted to destroy what had been a noble cause and turn it into something that none of us wanted." She paused for a moment

"They wanted a civil war, my fellow citizens." She said to shock of the crowd.

"They used the mistakes of the Norton and Lowe Administrations as fuel for their propaganda, that there was no other option but to fight with violence yet that was a lie." Lady Slytherin said firmness.

"Before the Bombing" Lady Slytherin continued with a more sombre tone "The Ouroboros party, after the economy had been righted, wanted to start a conversation to heal the nation more than just economically…no we wanted to heal the nation by healing the divide that has grown between us as a people, a divide that those like the Isonomian Movement and the Order of the Phoenix wanted to exploit." She said as she looked around the room.

"My fellow citizens, they are but the latest amongst a long list of Dark Lords and ignoble people who have wanted to exploit the divides in our society for personal gain and it is partly our fault that these keep happening." Murmurs rang around the atrium at this.

"The divide of blood purity, the divide of economic circumstances…and the divide of those whose voices count more than others" She said with a shake of the head.

She looked at the crowd "I have remained out of politics until recently instead choosing to improve our nation through education and offering opportunities to those who need it and have sought it out yet I can no longer remain quiet when I see the chance to make a difference, a lasting difference that takes our nation to greater heights." She paused momentarily.

"Some of you may have forgotten but I have not come from a privileged background, far from so. I have grown up with less than nothing at an underfunded orphanage in muggle Britain where I often went hungry. I have entered Magical Britain as someone considered as a mudblood" Rupert winced at the derogatory term just as few others did "and I have left Hogwarts as the Head of House of Slytherin, one of the Founding Houses of Hogwarts and one of the storied Houses in all of Britain."

"I have been many things in my life and that has allowed me certain perspectives on how things are." Lady Slytherin looked around.

"What I have seen in all of the former administrations is that they are incapable of change, of reform because they are not held accountable to their actions, to the public. Despotism has established itself for ages in this country and instead of law being the ruling principle of Magical Britain, it is instead family heritage that matters more than the good of the rest of the realm and it is something I and many others believe needs to be changed wholesale"

The crowd gasped at that and honestly he was tempted to do the same.

This was…

This was beyond the pale!

"We are a nation that has lost itself ever since the days of Camelot. In the loss of King Arthur, we have lost a champion for the people, a king that strove for equality amongst the races and championed justice and fairness and commonality." She paused for a moment, her eyes flickering around the room.

"However…what we do have, is the people. People who want society as a whole to grow and prosper, people who want the best for their family, for their neighbour, for their fellow countrymen." Excited whispers broke out amongst the crowd as no doubt this was far more than any of them, himself included expected.

"The Wizengamot system has been a system that in its time served a purpose, a purpose that has not reflected the new age we are in and I personally believe that it is lacking." The whispers grew louder.

"It has not kept with the changes in society where there is a greater need of moral, civil and political responsibility to the public and from the public and that is why I am advocating for a systematic change in governance that reflects the needs of the public whilst still holding true to the storied history of Magical Britain.

True representation in form of an elected body by the public that is voted by the public for the public whilst separating the noble seats into a different function of governance that is ensures the heritage of Magical Britain is preserved."

"I believe that this is the best way of compromise that begins to heal the divide that has grown between us for all those within Magical Britain are kin in one way or another." The whispers grew much louder as several stepped to their feet as they sensed Lady Slytherin is close to finished but none had been prepared for what she said next.

"And to signal how much I believe that this way is the best way forward for our people, to heal the divide and begin the true path of equality and prosperity for all" Lady Slytherin raised her wand and he gaped.

She wouldn't!

"I, Lady Slytherin of House Slytherin, renounce my titles as Lady of the Realm of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland." She swore and a glow emitted from her.

It silenced the crowd "Thank you for your time." Lad- Ms Slytherin said and the crowd erupted into chaos.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

6th​ of April 1953 – Illos, 21 days since the Bombing

Emily POV

She breathed a little louder as she stretched herself out in the soft bed. Her eye creaked open and saw that she was alone in bed. She reclosed her eye and sighed for a moment before she rolled over onto her back and both eyes flickered open.

She sniffed the air and could smell blueberries.

A small smile grew on her face as she lifted herself out of her bed, the silk covers gliding off of her body in slow ripples. The smell of blueberries this far up had been done to entice her to come down. She would oblige him for now.

She got out of bed, wearing nothing and she strode out of their bedroom though not before stopping and sparing a look out of the bedroom windows. It never got boring to see Illos this far up in the mountains, the full vision of the city below and the highest peak of Mount Celestis directly in front of their bed.

Moving Sayre Manor here was an inspired choice, she mused before she walked out of their bedroom. She could hear the faint sounds of music now she was out from their bedroom after she'd walked out of the sound muffling charms that was bespelled in the corner of the door.

An amused smile tugged at her lips as she thought that they still hadn't bothered to remove that despite it being years since Atticus' mother lived in the same manor.

She still wasn't sure how the old woman had managed to permanently emplace that charm within the corner of the door but it had been worth leaving there if only to remind her of how red Atticus' expression was that day.

For all his sex drive, he was rather prudish when it came to discussing anything about it with anyone but her.

She walked down the last step of the stairs and made her way towards the origin of the music, the beautiful music that teemed with magic.

She arrived at the room that lead towards the back gardens and she saw him sat there with Cana's Harp on the porch and she walked over towards the recliner chair beside him which had by it a plate of blueberry muffins on top of a small table.

She sat down, taking the plate of food and took the fork before she leaned back in the recliner chair and intently looked at him play the harp as she ate.

She could feel the magic emanating from him, the soft ripples that hummed and drummed as he strummed the strings, minor strands of magic mingling within the notes with beauty and care that she could practically see and feel.

He swayed ever so slightly as the music increased in tempo, his fingers dancing across the strings, and she closed her eyes for a moment as the piece of muffin melted on her tongue.

The song was different than the ones he usually played…those of eeriness, of melancholy or those that imbued as a sense of greatness.

No…this one was smaller but not lesser only…smaller in scope, a song that spoke of taking joy of the small moments as they arrived.

Her magic reached out to his magic that poured out him, magic that rolled off him in line with his music and she fell in a mild enchantment, and enchantment she'd given over to completely.

She loved hearing him play and feel his magic, a love that grown in time as she'd grown to appreciate the beauty he created with nothing but passion, magic and talent.

She wasn't sure how long the music went on, she often lost track of time, yet she already missed it when it ended. She reopened her eyes and saw him looking at her with that same soft smile he only reserved for her.

"Morning." He said to her with a gentle tone, as gentle as a spring's breeze.

"Morning." She returned with a soft smile and the corners of his eyes creased.

For all the satisfaction she felt at her plans succeeding, none compared to the satisfaction she felt when she was in his presence.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 109 others
mosefboombox117
Dec 10, 2022
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 8 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Dec 20, 2022
Add bookmark
#118
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think! Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next three chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 8

7th​ of April 1953 – Illos, Sayre Manor

His eyes creaked open and turned towards the light that filtered through the blinds. He closed his eyes again and rode out the drowsiness that came with his re-entry into consciousness.

He reopened them several minutes later and turned towards his left and smiled.

Her hair obscured her face somewhat, her chest rose silently, slowly, minutely as she laid there next to him in his bed. He would never tire of seeing her like that, to see her at rest so comfortably by him.

His hand rose and he carefully brushed aside her hair from her face, an act that stirred her a little but he reached out soothingly in their bond and she returned back to stillness with a faint hint of content creeping through their bond which made his smile wider with fondness.

She'd been back here for a few days now, longer than she'd been back for over a year, and he'd missed it. More than he realised.

They would see each other on average just a few times a week, often it was her who travelled to Illos through one of the early versions of the Gates that was paired in Slytherin Manor, but that was hardly enough.

It was a slight problem, one that should soon fade away with their progress with Magical Britain.

The time of Illos isolation may still be needed for a couple of years longer but with Magical Britain's fall into her grip, it should make it easier for them to see each other.

He looked away from her and towards the ceiling.

Reality around him faded away in a cloudy mist before his consciousness stood within an enclosed empty space. Slowly, hundreds of threads of Time began to take form within his perception. They inverted and expanded and shrunk, each of the threads resembling endless tesseracts that collapsed and expanded into each other.

He had taken to manifest Seeing Time differently than just the threads of possibilities on its own, an outcome that had been needed when he learnt that it was possible to see thousands of possibilities and further into time. He did not have the skill of the Monk to see these thousands of possibilities at once though in time perhaps that would change.

During his conscious state, when he looked, he limited the depth and number of possibilities to at most a few dozen probable possibilities, and overlaid them onto reality that gave him nuances of the immediate future that he might have missed when he was looking ahead in Time with much greater detail and distance.

In this space, his consciousness was unbound from Time itself, a Living Observer of time who could read possibilities without Time passing in reality, a quirk of consciousness that he'd discovered…one of many things he and Emily were discovering about the nature of consciousness…

He allowed his consciousness to expand a little further, feeling and touching this space of consciousness. Dimensions of a point in space were defined as the minimum number of coordinates needed to specify that particular point and in a three dimensional universe…this was defined with three coordinates…length, width and height.

And in this space of consciousness, he existed in more than just three dimensions.

Not-quite-four dimensions but closer than any other mage would likely get for centuries or millennia to come.

The only thing he knew for certain that actually existed in four dimensions were Time Sands, the sands within the Time Turners, which were paradoxical and existed in different time frames and at the same time whilst also existing in the current now.

A physical impossibility in physical reality – and within his space of consciousness – for humanity, no matter how in tune he was with magic.

He grabbed one of the threads and the possibility unfurled itself before him. Time moved like a physical dimension, days, months, years moved along the axis and his consciousness moved along with it.

He watched as Illos grew and more buildings rise like weeds sprouting from earth and at the same watched people grow older, grow taller.

He turned his attention towards the north and he watched Emily's plan unravel as Britain was brought under her party's control. He saw her becoming an ever present presence in the lives of the Britons as Headmistress, as their leader and their champion.

He saw Illos' arrival and impact at the world stage and the subsequent plotting against him and his people by the men in black and the man in black and red.

He saw himself back in Britain, next to her as she addressed the crowd, the gleaming sword shining in the noon light, one step closer to the creation of their civilisation.

He turned his gaze south east of England's shores, past the sea and saw the embers grow into a fire as rhetoric grew and men flocked towards the Raven and threatened to swallow Europe once more in shadows.

He pushed and pushed, years became decades and he watched as gleaming silver eggs pushed through the atmosphere and into the Void, all following the larger one into the massive blue disk that tore through the Void and swallowed them all whole.

He pulled himself back, back to where he started and decades became years and years became months and soon enough he was back out of the possibility, the probable possibility that had the most number of the same events in the dozens of other possibilities.

He took himself out of this space of consciousness and returned to the physical reality, the ceiling once more coming into view and he let out a long drawn sigh.

The further he looked, the more unstable it became…like stones cast in lakes, the surface was never settled and the future was always in motion, always subject to minor perturbations that could wipe out the probability of that future into little more than nothingness.

The way he looked, now, was to see if they were still on the path of the likely future if they stuck to the plan and it seemed like it still was. But…he would be vigilant.

As always.

He felt her stir and he turned to her. She would soon awaken and decided to help her along.

His hand crept under the fabric of the duvet and glided onto her thigh under her silk nightgown. Her skin was soft, somehow softer than the silk that wrapped itself around her.

She moaned softly and her lips parts into a soundless o as his hand sought out her heat. "Morning" he said softly as her eyes parted open and her deep sea blue eyes showing arousal was a pleasurable sight.

"Your hand has seemed to have wandered." She murmured, her lips curling upwards as she spoke.

"They do tend to have a mind of their own." He said conversationally as he played with her nub with gentle swirls of his thumb as his finger in and out of her, feeling, pressing against her lightly ribbed walls.

She let of a soft laugh, a sound that was music to his ears as he turned to her completely and she allowed easier access as she shifted as well, their gaze never breaking.

Her hand went to his member whilst her other hand moved to his chest, her fingers tracing along his chest. "It seems like my own have a similar disposition." She said with a teasing lilt in her voice.

He smiled widely as he moved his head closer to hers and kissed her slowly and she pressed against his lips, her lips opening as their tongues danced, each second that passed caused their passion to grow bolder, fiercer and before he knew it they were naked and he on top of her, her hands roamed across his back and her fingers dug trenches into his skin.

Their kiss halted, stilled as her lips parted let out a silent gasp as he entered her, the feeling of being inside her again felt as great as it did the first time.

"Atticus…" she moaned out in his mouth, his bottom lip still pressed against hers as her mouth remained open in slow ecstasy whilst he moved in and out slowly.

She kissed him softly before he moved to kiss her neck, his thrusting picking up speed and her legs wrapped around him as he moved with purpose. Her faint moans grew in volume and her hands constricted around him almost akin to a vice, not unlike a boa constricting its prey.

Their bond grew wider, their feelings melting into one as their lowered their mental shields and he felt her climb into orgasm growing nearer and nearer.

He moved quicker and quicker, his member coated with her flowing liquids, and he grabbed her legs that had been wrapped around him and moved them against his chest, her ankles hanging off of his shoulders as he moved onto his knees and gripped onto her hips as he pulled her in, her arse off the bed.

Her moans became louder, higher, turning to cries of exultation, and he felt her climb turn into a crescendo of an orgasm that almost triggered his own but he held firm, withholding his own orgasm with the barest, flimsiest of control.

Until she sat up and wrapped her hand around his neck and pulled him in between her legs, his member somehow never exiting, their lips locked onto each other as she writhed below him, moving her hips in a counter to his thrusts and he gasped and he stilled, his member expanded and he spilled into her and he bucked with each throb of his member like a stuttering motor before he collapsed onto her, the sheens of sweat that thinly coating them merged in between their naked bodies.

His eyes closed and he was still inside her, riding out the wave of exhaustion that hit him as he rested on top of her, her breasts two soft pillows that he enjoyed being on. He rumbled slightly when he felt her soft hands trail across his back in loving gentle motions and the waves of content and bliss streamed across their bond from her.

It was minutes later, when his soft member popped out, that he got off of her and pulled her closer to him. He kissed her softly on the cheek and her hand softly circled against his arm.

He could die happily in this moment as he stared into her eyes.

From the look on her face, he imagined she must be thinking the same.

It was an odd thing…love.

Years had passed since he first fell in love with her and while that searing passion he felt for her faded somewhat, their love had only deepened just as this bond of theirs deepened.

With her, he never felt unbound from time.

He often tried to avoid seeing their futures together as he didn't want to ruin what they had. Uncertainty and disorder within their relationship was important though sometimes he saw more than he probably should have.

Only snaps of their future together, really, not like the kind of reels of futures he'd seen of their enemies and their allies.

Still…

Sometimes he saw something he really ought not to and sometimes it was harder not to fixate on them especially when he knew how easily possibilities changed that far out.

His hand rose and fell on her rose tinted cheek and he moved the strands of her hair behind her ear. His thumb remained on her cheek and he gently circled his thumb on her cheek, an act that was filled with the tenderness and love he felt for her.

She smiled softly as she felt this from him through their bond and she closed her eyes for a moment, feelings of love and soothing contentedness eking out into his side of the bond.

He wondered if it would look odd to others…to see two people who for all of their crimes and deaths they caused had it in them to be so caring, so loving to one another.

Perhaps it did, likely it didn't, he mused internally.

After all, even the worst of humans, may they be emperors or peasants, were never just one thing or another.

He felt her hand moved downward even as her eyes remained closed.

Her thumb rubbed at the eye of his sensitive member and he let of a soft groan as she turned and gripped it, jerking it slightly until the last trickles of his seed rose to the top. Her eyes opened as her thumb picked up the last globule of his seed and she looked at him before she licked her thumb, an act that was beginning to harden him again.

She must have felt his bout of arousal as she took to glance at his member before she met his gaze again, hints of amusement clear to see in her deep blue eyes.

"As much I'd like to spend day and night with you as we did most of yesterday, we should probably take a little break." She said with a glimmer of fond exasperation in her eyes before she turned the other way off of the bed and stood up.

"How little of a break?" Atticus said with a ghost of a smile as he got up as well though it was with a put on tone.

She looked over her shoulder as she conjured a towel "Let's just say not until well after I meet with Sandra." She gave him a mild glare "Somehow I feel a little sore despite all of the rituals"

He laughed gently "That was definitely from last night. You always get a bit like that afterwards." He said with a smile in his voice, fond memories entering the front of his mind. "You like it that way anyway"

Her glare deepened but there was no heat in it "Perhaps." She said a little snippily before her glare changed into a look he knew instinctively he wasn't going to like "Though maybe we shouldn't do it that way again." She said as she walked towards the bathroom.

"Let's not be so hasty" Atticus said a little quicker than he wanted as she entered the bathroom. She glanced at him from the corner of her eyes, shadows of a wicked smile on her face was apparent as she closed the door.

He watched her close the door, leaving him there without an answer though he knew she was probably more serious than he wanted to believe. "I might have gotten us banned, my friend." Atticus said a little glumly as he looked at his best friend since birth.

About an hour and half, they sat and ate their breakfast.

"Should be interesting at the Council of Representatives today" Atticus mused as he finished his bite.

"The talks about petitioning the High Council for the allowance of more magical creatures out of the habitats and into Illos proper?" she asked and he nodded.

She hummed for a moment "I can see why it might turn interesting. I'm not sure why we never considered it beyond the magical creatures in the Solarian Sea."

The Solarian Sea was the large body of water that fed all throughout Illos.

"Because we were more interested in preserving the dangerous and endangered species than anything else." Atticus said before he drank of his water.

He turned to her "It'll pass quite easily. Beyond a few birds and magical insects that are beneficial to the lifecycle of nature here on Illos, it can do with greater wildlife. We have the forests and mountains for it."

"Does it happen?" she asked curiously.

"Yes. I have Seen more magical life eventually. It does vary in terms of scale." He said with a frown. He'd seen Abraxans, Pegasi that were more easily to determine in the reels of Illos. Sometimes they weren't there until years had passed and other times quite a bit later. He rarely spent that much time looking into details of things like that, not when there more important events and people that he needed to See.

"Time and variety of magical creatures?" she asked curiously and he nodded.

She considered it for a moment before she peered at him with a suggestive glint in her eyes. "It may be worth improving our skill with seeing magical frequencies and work on manipulating them."

He was silent for a few seconds "In order to communicate with magical creatures at the fundamental level?" he asked intrigued.

Magicals operated in a different frequency within the magical field than other magical beings and creatures. It was why they could not use their forms of magic, only simulate them like how they simulated dragon fire spells or lightning which were very often weaker and more draining magically than it was for the respective animals.

Though he could see the magical frequencies in which these animals operated, he never tried to manipulate these frequencies into something useful.

The most he ever did with manipulation of frequencies ever since he could see the individuals strands of magic of all things, was to touch and resonate with the magic around him.

She nodded slightly before she took a sip of her water. "Magicals and near-humans are attuned to a different frequency band than other magical creatures as we both know but with our ability to see the full breadth of magic – or in my case most" she said a little sour.

He taught her how to open her field of perception, something that came much easier after her final magical maturity, through guiding her in the use of Nature Magic and opening herself up to the magic of the universe which then allowed her to form a somewhat similar perception to his though it lacked depth and scope of what he saw.

She could perceive the currents of magic, if she focused, but it was shallow, like treading into centimetres of water compared to his lake deep perception. She also couldn't feel a connection to the universe like he did and he was sure that was because of his Hyper-Percipience.

Thankfully what he taught her was enough for her to see most of the magical frequencies within the magical field – neurophysical energy spectrum.

She continued "We should be able to manipulate these magical frequencies somehow to allow us to communicate with some of the more dangerous animals."

He sat back in his chair, thinking.

His eyes snapped towards her and he saw her eyes looking at him expectantly.

`You think you can create magical languages like parseltongue through this?` he hissed out to her.

Her eyes shone triumphantly and she nodded.

`There is no physical evidence that these Naga ever existed.` she hissed with pursed lips `I think it is more likely that they were humans that might have been able to skin change half way than they were truly a combination of serpents and humans`

`Moira's catalogue doesn't have them listed?` he asked curiously. He had never bothered looking into the Naga or any other mythological magical beings like them.

That was more her interest. She liked creating new lifeforms and experimenting with life though he knew it was because she was looking to replicate how the Atlanteans managed to use Higher Forms of Magic to create life from concepts to further her own progression into elemental magic.

Within the Atlantean records there were only methods of creating magical beings through rituals but what they noticeably lacked was how they created beings like Thestrals who were representatives of Death.

`No they don't.` she hissed in a sibilant scowl before she visibly shook away that thought `Which is why I think it's not some divine language` a small amount of amusement crept out of her `As much as I'd like to believe that – but rather a form of high level manipulation of magical frequencies done through observation of serpents.`

`That would mean others through history might have this same ability to see magic on all frequencies` Atticus pointed out.

`Not necessarily. Did you not manipulate magical energies through a spell freezing ward and the creation of prism crystals that isolated individual frequencies of magic?` she pointed out to him.

`It's a hard sell to think and suggest mages thousands of years ago might have done something similar` he said to her sceptically.

`Perhaps` she acceded "Nevertheless, we both know ancient mages were rather more capable than most will ever believe." She said in Latin.

He inclined his in agreement. Their trips around the world searching out ruins and tombs had clarified that quite clearly.

"I'm for it. I'll set up a project for it." He told her and she smiled pleased at him.

He checked the time and took one last bite and walked up to Emily. He kissed her on the cheek.

"I'll see you at the testing facility after" he said as he stepped away and she gave him a small smile before she nodded and he turned to walk away.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

7th​ of April 1953 – Main Tower, Illos

With an impassive look on his face, he watched as the Veela leader entered his office.

He'd already Seen what would be discussed, what she'd say, what he'd say.

Mirages of the future had played out before him, still played out before him as a dozen possibilities unfurled all at the same time.

In meetings like this, those of little importance, he liked to actively use his Sight this way to see what path led to the better outcome, at least in the short term.

"My Lord" the Veela matriarch, Teodora Georgieva said with a dip of the head as she stopped several metres from his desk, her long silvery hair swaying almost with the same grace she walked with.

She was a pureblooded Veela, if there was such a thing, with the same kind of deep blue eyes her race was known for and the same ethereal beauty that women would kill for.

Had he not known she was at least sixty years of age, he would not think of her older than twenty five.

He nodded at her "Please take a seat."

She took the seat and sat down. Her eyes wandered, just as they did when she stepped into the office though this time it was centred on the accessories on the desk.

Trinkets and little wooden figurines that sat at the edge of the desk in a slight clutter. He liked to levitate them when he was busy reading or working, splitting his awareness whilst he stretched out his magic.

"Unexpected?" Atticus asked, drawing back her attention as he glanced at the figurines before returning his gaze at her and she smiled beautifully.

"Yes" she said with a heavy accent. Whilst most newcomers were proficient with Latin thanks to the Lingua Latin potion, they still carried their native accents.

"I had expected more…order" she said with a smile, the kind of smiles that could melt even the hardest of men's hearts even with her allure restrained.

"Sometimes a little disorder is needed." Atticus said with a long glance at the clutter before reaching back to meet her gaze "It makes life a little more interesting."

"Of course, my Lord" Teodora said with a nod as her smile widened "I can understand such thinking better than most. A little disorder in our lives is just right for it allows for new and unexpected things to happen that enrich lives." She said with a hint of something more in her tone.

Atticus felt a hint of amusement at the tentative probing in her words but he had long decided to avoid that conversational thread. It was for her own good really.

"Chancellor Saunders informed me of your interest to seek permission to invite more of your allies to Illos." Atticus directed the conversation to why they were here.

Teodora was a little startled but she recovered and nodded carefully "Yes. These past three months have been…good for my people. Illos has been more than any of us could have expected."

Atticus sat back in his chair, his gaze unblinking as he stared at the woman impassively. She was artfully understating how good Illos has been for her people considering where they hailed from.

For the Veela in Bulgaria and those in the Soviet Union, the situation was not good.

The Russian influence in Bulgaria was keenly felt in both magical and muggle parts of the country especially in the Eastern part of the country where Russian magical influence was highest…and unfortunately it was also the region where most of the Veela population was in.

Post war Soviet Union was a harsher and more restrictive place to many of the magical beings that resided within it and within its sphere of influence mirroring much of attitudes of Central and some Western magical societies towards non-human beings.

The war against Grindelwald had cost the Russians and their allies deeply, almost halving the magical population and with such trauma, many of the people who had fought against them or had chosen not to fight, like the Veela had chosen, had suffered the consequences of their actions…or inactions.

It also didn't help that the Russian magicals were siding with the Soviet Union more than the Statute allowed.

Stalin had known about magic since the beginning of the second world war and after the success of Stalingrad, Stalin had somehow managed to convince several Russian leaders of the merits of Communism…or at least some elements of the doctrine.

Quite the legacy Stalin was leaving behind in his death.

In truth, the opportunity had never been more open for such radical shifts in ideology for the Russian magical society…something that started with the extermination of the Magical Romanovs during the Revolution and that was only put into freefall during the Grindelwald war as most of the influential nobles were wiped out by Grindelwald's forces…or by the man himself.

In the absence of traditional leadership of the nobility, the most powerful amongst the surviving Russians rose to prominence in the vacuum left behind as leaders of the war effort against Grindelwald.

Whilst several of them had nobility in their heritage, they had not been in power and as such used the opportunity to carve out their own power not based on nobility but on the popularity their deeds warranted them and later used Communism to solidify their control of Russian society without having to share power with the surviving noble families.

With the Russians taking elements of the communist ideology to bosom, also came with the intolerance towards many of the magical creatures that were considered as toxic to the new ideological values of the new burgeoning 'Eastern European' society that extended to far and wide in much of Eastern Europe especially since the Veela and the Sirens were considered to be synonymous with 'noble excesses' and 'aristocratic deviancy'.

Which was opportunistic as it played on long held perceptions of these two magical races and helped further along the burgeoning Eastern European 'us versus them' mentality that grew after the Russians swept in and took advantage of the neighbouring ruined societies that were left in the wake of Grindelwald's war to bring them closer to their sphere of influence and thinking.

The nobility had succumbed to Russian pressure as that was seen more favourable than the possibility of ICW occupation.

And as a way to bind all of these peoples to the Russian leadership, they took advantage and deepened an 'Eastern European' mentality and unfortunately, magical races like Veela and Sirens were not considered human let alone Eastern European.

A consequence of something the Veela themselves had propagated rather unhelpfully with their acts. The Veela, before the start of the 20th​ century had largely enjoyed a privileged existence amongst the nobility of Europe.

For centuries, they'd used their beauty and their allure to craft out this place within the higher echelons of society, obtaining protection from persecution whilst at the same time propagating their population with added protection of the same nobles who tended to be the fathers of their children.

Something that began to end at the turn of the century as unrest and uncertainty began to inflame Europe with the emergence of greater numbers of half bloods and squibborns who brought in ideas and sought more freedoms within Magical society in line with more equal muggle Europe which was only driven further into a simmering cauldron by the emergence of radical rhetoric like that of Grindelwald or that of the ever present but growing pureblood supremacy ideology which captured the attentions of disgruntled nobles and disaffected masses in sweeping motions.

As always throughout history, magical or not, times of uncertainty and anger tended to be very difficult for those of minority ethnicities or in the case of the Veelas, race.

There had always been a black market within Europe, one that was riddled with dark mages and scum of the earth but it was only during this turn of the century that the Veela had begun to be exploited at much greater rates as they lost the protections that they so enjoyed for centuries prior.

And despite the end of the war and the ICW influence, it had only grown worse before his Guards went in and eliminated most of the worst offenders that dealt with trafficking or with sexual slavery yet it did not deal with the underlying social and institutional discrimination that the Veela experienced in much of Eastern and Central Europe even if they were 'protected' under the law.

The ICW, to give them credit, was trying to address this issue but by forcing equality onto the Ministries and populace, it was not working and seemed to instead backfire.

Their high handedness and their lack of understanding was doing more harm in post-war Europe than it was bringing stability and whilst he was pleased that it was making it easier for them to push along this unrest into an engulfing inferno, he was…displeased the effect it was having on the non-human populations of the magical world.

For that, he bore responsibility.

Just as he bore responsibility for the rise in death tolls of squibs and the worsening of conditions in most European nations for squibborns.

He was uncertain if this would have happened anyway without his presence or influencing of Europe, if this state of growing intolerance was always going to happen despite him and his actions and he would never know the truth of it.

He could not See into alternative timelines…into what might have been. Those roads were closed and Time, despite him being able to see Time as more something that happens all at once and its coordinates, a living flow that had a sense of itself, he could not see coordinates of something that was wiped out of existence in this universe.

He did not know if this state of Europe would have remained had Dumbledore defeated Grindelwald in 1945, after two more years of war and destruction and loss that could have taken greater toll on people and cause them to be more accepting of peace and unity of all, for all.

Perhaps Dumbledore's willingness to work within existing frameworks and turning them malleable to his desires and will might have made the ICW's endeavours in Europe more successful with influential individuals in Europe weary and careful in the face of a Light Archmage who was intolerant of dark magic and had the backing of the ICW.

In the end, it did not matter on what ifs he'd never satisfyingly bring to a conclusion, even for someone like him who lived and breathed in air made out of what ifs.

Only what they could do to take advantage of these circumstances that he helped speed along.

After all…disasters paved the way for future growth.

"I am pleased to heard that" Atticus said as he placed his hands on the desk, his eyes boring into her "We have put in considerable efforts in accommodating your people in Illos and so far your people have integrated well."

Teodora nodded "It had been a challenge at first" she admitted "even with the introduction we were granted."

He inclined head slightly in agreement. "It's something that most groups find at first but once they find their chosen field or work, they tend to find things much easier."

Thanks to the increase of population, there was a growing market within Illos for consumer products that weren't covered by one of the Offices, one that was increasing the economy of the world-ship which the Veela had seamlessly integrated into, especially with their expertise in Charms and Enchantment.

An economy that likely remain limited but one he set on actively growing. Most magical societies had the potential to be post-scarcity societies, Illos more than any other but he was careful not to let it happen any time soon.

An interconnected economy was important to bind all of the magical societies together in the future and only long after when no one considered themselves as anything other than Illosian did he want to consider setting in the motions of a true post-scarcity society.

Whilst most of the amenities and health could be taken care of by magic or by the basic food, ingredients and health care package that all citizens had a right to, for now there was still a need for more leisurely and bespoke products which he encouraged as a way to inspire more independent industries and markets to form.

Amongst them was the growing gaming and media markets based on magi-tech that he had 'sold' and encouraged to take form. The games market was popular with the youngest of Illos, especially with the way they could interact with the story of the games themselves and within the media, films were growing ever more popular with The Maiden in the Tower being the largest hit so far and one that had a Veela emerge as a star actress.

Teodora smiled "Quite." Her smile fell off "Which is why I humbly request of you, my Lord, that I be granted the permission to seek out my colony's allies and granted leave to offer them a place here."

Atticus remained silent and she visibly grew more uncomfortable.

Teodora continued, this time more guarded "Before we came here, we informed our allies that we were seeking to find a new home given the…volatility of our homeland" she said carefully and quickly continued when she saw no further reaction from him "We did not tell them where we were headed – not that we knew anyway – just that we were leaving."

After some time passed, Atticus spoke up "And do you think they are right for Illos?"

She looked slightly confused. "What do you mean?"

"Do you know why you were invited?" Atticus asked of her.

Her eyes widened and she understood "Because one of your people vouched for us."

"That and because we made sure that such vouching was not made erroneously." Atticus leaned forward, his expression hard "We do not invite anyone without carefully considering the impact on our current citizens and the harmony we are building and we will continue to do so for a long time to come."

She looked upset for a moment "But they wouldn't cause disharmony" she protested.

Atticus hummed "And how certain are you of that? If I were to suddenly allow several thousand Veela into Illos…" Atticus trailed off as he looked at her with a long look and hard eyes.

"Do you not think it would cause friction within the population?"

She looked offended before she schooled her expression and looked at him with hints of anger in her eyes "My Lord." She said, her voice calm yet lost all of its warmth.

"I had not taken you for someone who held people against their heritage." She said calmly though it was clearly it was forced.

Atticus remained impassive under the accusation "I do not care for blood or for heritage. What I do care for is Illos. It is my responsibility to ensure that it remains healthy and that also includes considerations that are uncomfortable to broach." Atticus leaned back in his chair intently studying the Veela matriarch before him.

"For a person who should intimately know about emotions and irrationality along with fact that you are a leader, you are missing the fundamental truth of what the consequences of thousands of beautiful women coming to a nation with only fifteen thousand people would be. Especially when half that population are still children."

As ridiculous as it sounded, that was the main crux of this situation.

She frowned before she understood and raised her hand, her bracelet shining "Isn't that why we're made to wear these out in public?" she asked.

"A way to alleviate the uneasy people, mostly of the feminine variety" Teodora said with a hint of sardonic amusement in her voice before she grew serious again "that we aren't here to ensnare their precious men?"

"People might wish to believe that however that is not the case. Your allure is a form of compulsion magic and pheromones and though it is inherent to you, it is against the law to use against others" Atticus said and he raised his hand stopping her from speaking and he continued

"Nevertheless the requirements of the bracelets were not demanded in a slight against your people but rather because existing laws that protect the minds and liberty of citizens. Your admission into Illos had already been made once we determined the characteristics of your colony and their leader." Atticus entwined his hands as he continued, slightly leaned forward.

"You were determined to be open minded and willing to integrate into Illosian society and it is for those reasons you are here today. The acceptance you have seen here in Illos is because everyone knew you were coming and in their trust of our judgment, they invited you into their lives as future citizens of our country." Atticus paused for a moment as his eyes bored down into her own.

"And that is despite of what most people know of your people however wrong that is. As a people, you have gained, unfairly perhaps, a reputation that speaks of carnal and hedonistic nature." Atticus said with thinned lips and she visibly looked upset at this characterisation but she met his gaze proudly.

"We are a passionate race and our nature does make us more comfortable with the natural way of existence" She said with a proud gleam in her eyes "But it does not sum us up." She leaned forward her eyes blazing with blue flames dancing in her eyes.

"And if we were to believe what people think to be true all the time then we should be believing you to be the destroyer of the magical world no?" she said with a tone of innocence that amused him though he didn't show as his expression remained hard.

She leaned back in her chair, her eyes doused. "I only wish to extend the same kind of peace and acceptance my colony and I have received here to the rest of my people." She said, this time more subdued and he let her speak.

"I know that most of my people in our native lands will have to move sooner or later. Some have already moved to France but even there we're still viewed as something as other and compared to the acceptance we have found here…" she looked to the side, towards the city as she trailed off.

He let the silence settle in for a few moments before he spoke up.

"It does not sum you up. I agree." Atticus said calmly and she turned to him. "And it is also the opinion of many Illosians now who were once warier of you than they have been of others."

He glanced at her bracelet "That has helped them to see you as you are not as what your race is perceived to be of course and in time, once your colony has exercised complete control over their allure, it will not be needed. After all, the Mind Arts are taught here in Illos and only the use of it against unwilling individuals is illegal and I see your allure to be in the same category." He returned his gaze to hers.

"Which brings me back to the main point. With such a low population, for now, immigration to Illos needs to be managed carefully especially when so many different people from different backgrounds are only just beginning to learn how to live together. To bring so many of your people to Illos now would only create tensions that are unneeded and would reverse some of the headway we've made towards acceptance of others that different."

She seemed to accept his reasoning more now that he explained, even she was still upset.

"That said" Atticus said, breaking her out of whatever thoughts she was having.

"I will inform Habe to begin the proceedings of inviting one other Veela colony to Illos. You may put forth a list of your allies and we will consider them first." He told her and she looked very pleased at that.

Mother magic…she really was devastatingly beautiful even if she was older than his mother.

His Sight really didn't capture everything perfectly.

He wondered if it was simply genetic or if it was a combination of magic and genetics actively working together to play a role in her race. It was never clear what the origins of Veela was.

"It will not happen for many months however" he warned her as he banished those thoughts away. "We already have several groups of people set to arrive in the next year or so."

"I understand my Lord." She said happily with a bow of the head.

Before she got up and left, he spoke up "Before you leave…I have something that I wish to run by you." he said and recaptured her attentions as she looked at him inquisitively.

He continued as he leaned forward, a hidden gleam in his eyes "Are there those amongst you who are unable to bear children but wish to be mothers to orphans?" he asked and her eyes widened before she considered it thoughtfully.

It was an hour later that he left and went towards the Magical Innovation and Technology centre. He received bows and nods as he walked through the centre and after he verified his identity through a series of identifying wards and charms, he was allowed entry at 7S Testing Facility.

As he stepped through the large testing facility, he saw an old man visibly berating one of the others in front of the large black metal ring by a round control console.

"No, no, NO!" an old voice barked out harshly as he waved his hand furiously "What did I tell you last time?! Always check your work! Last time, you could have blown us apart! Do you want something like that to happen?!"

Atticus cleared his throat and the old man swivelled around with an angry growl before his eyes widened.

"My Lord!" the old man said with a deep bow, an act that the younger man followed.

"Mr Woodman." Atticus said calmly whilst he looked at the Gate-Ring.

It was about five and a half metres in diameter and was made out of black Adamantium alloy with diamond wardstones lining up on the face of the ring in three concentric circles closer to the rim of the inner diameter. The space between the outside edge of the larger diamond ring on the face and the outer diameter had seven Runes with hundreds of miniature runic schemes connecting the seven larger Runes, runes that he was intimately familiar with…after all…

They were part of the Illosian Runic Language he created with Emily.

"What's this I hear about something else blowing up?" he asked calmly as he returned gaze at the old man. Woodman had been a curious and fortuitous accident. Scrimgeour had unknowingly led him to the man not long after the war.

He'd always intended to figure out a way to create portals that didn't use slipspace as the principle dimension but rather through manipulation of magic, neurophysical magic, effectively a better way of Vanishing Cabinets and portkeys.

It turned that he didn't need to work as much on it when Woodman had already done the legwork when Woodman uncovered the principles behind Vanishing Cabinets in much greater detail than he himself had done.

With the work he'd done with Rowena, with regards to Dimensions and their existence, they'd improved on Woodman's Principles of Space Layers.

The man scowled as he looked at the younger man.

"This…" The old man growled before he visibly controlled himself "He was being negligent again" He gave the young man a scathing look "He seems intent on replicating grave mistakes like the time he got the Coherence Rune wrong within the sympathetically linked runic schemes."

Yes…that could have been bad. He'd asked Woodman to double check the runes prior to shipping the second Ring out when he'd seen that probable outcome.

The younger man looked defensive as he spoke up "That had nothing to do with this! I already checked the schemes thrice before you asked! You just want me to use your insane checking method all the time" The young man threw up his hands in exasperation "All because of that one error and it's not even my fault – not entirely! The Coherence Rune is very similar to the Transference Rune! Why would anyone want to do that, I don't know, I don't even know where these Runes are from! They're so...different to every Runic Language I know or heard about! Getting use to these Runes does take time, you know!" he said with a scowl to his mentor.

"You haven't told him?" Atticus asked with Woodman with a curious look.

Woodman only shrugged "My Lord, I didn't see the point."

The younger man looked confused "I don't understand."

Woodman sighed "Lord Sayre created this Runic Language." He said pointedly.

The younger man looked extremely surprised before he stared at Atticus with wide eyes "You created your own Runic Language?" he asked with quiet awe in his voice "I didn't even know you could do that without it needing taking a long time to manifest into the magic of the world which is almost impossible as it requires a language to be effectively dead."

Most people believed that Runes worked like that.

It was close but not quite right. Runes were able to do what they did because a metaphysical manifestation that stemmed from the collected understanding of what each rune meant and this manifestation was within the magical field that permeated the universe.

It wasn't quite the time to make that known however. Perhaps not ever, he mused. It was after all very dangerous information to let out.

"I did. And this falls under the Gate Non-Disclosure Agreement." Atticus said plainly and the man recollected himself.

"Of course sir – I mean my Lord." The man said with a stammer. "Also I didn't mean what I said your Runes sir, I-I mean my Lord" the young man stammered out quickly.

Woodman sighed long-sufferingly.

Atticus looked at Woodman with a look on his face "What happened to the other guy?" before he glanced at the younger man who looked quite nervous. There had been three of them last time he visited. He tended to let Woodman manage the project on his own and just See into its progress from time to time.

Woodman, the graduate from SIMS and this young man who was more of an apprentice than anything else. He was rather young too, likely less than twenty. From what he did know, he was quite the prodigy himself and age was hardly indicative of skill and talent…even if he seemed to be rather negligent at times.

Woodman looked at Atticus with a contrite look "He quit."

Atticus knew that of course but it was a bit too good to pass up, he thought a little amused though his expression didn't change.

Woodman was rather difficult to work with. It was why his team always only consisted of at most three individuals – well only some part of it. He wanted there to be as few people possible who knew the workings of the Ring. As much as he could have done it himself, he needed others to have great accomplishments to their names.

It was why people knew the Gate Network was being worked on by Woodman.

People needed things to surpass or strive to achieve. What was the point if you had someone do it all for you?

"I see." He said as he looked at the younger man who looked quite uncomfortable.

"He's at least capable" Woodman said almost grudgingly before he scowled again "Just a bit of a ditz when it comes to certain things. Like checking your work!" he said with a growl as he glared at the young man.

'Capable' meant brilliant for Woodman.

"Don't take his words too personal" Atticus said to the young man calmly "Woodman's nature can be simply characterised as rude. It's just how he speaks and acts. If you stick around a little longer, you'll learn enough to make it worthwhile." He said to the young man who calmed and seemed to think it over.

He did mean it. Woodman was prodigy with Runes and could think in an unorthodox way. Before he managed to convince the old man, the man would have just been lost to history without anyone even noticing before dying full of bitterness towards the world and the Department of Mysteries for forcing him to stop his research.

He would be more than happy to have another like him…though with a better temperament if possible.

Atticus returned his attentions towards the Gate-Ring "Are you ready to test it?" he asked.

"Yes my Lord" Woodman said and Atticus drew closer to the Ring.

He placed his hand on the ring, feeling the Runes that etched into it.

"The last minute check was a system check…on both rings." Woodman said with a scowl in his voice and he could just see him glaring at the young man again even if he wasn't looking.

"But it seems like both rings are functioning at optimum levels and I believe the time is right to test it." Woodman said and Atticus stepped back several metres.

"Then, by all means…begin." Atticus said to Woodman who bowed his head and turned on his heels and quickly walked towards the control console.

The old man placed his hand onto the control console and it thrummed with a dim light as the Runic symbols lit up. Everything was connected through magic…the console to the Rings and the controller, in this instance Woodman, to the console itself.

It was a security measure, to connect magical signatures and the presence of magic itself within the controller, that he'd ensure was installed in consoles.

The doors to the testing facility opened up and they all turned to see who it was.

"Are we late?" Emily asked with a raised eyebrow as she strode forward in her graceful gait with Sandra next to her.

"Just in time" Atticus said with a faint smile.

Woodman turned and bowed his head to the ladies "My Lady, Chancellor" Woodman said and the young man followed suit before returning his attentions to the console. He pressed his fingers into the console

"The Gates are initialised." Woodman said to the room and Runes on the Gate began to flare.

The outer diamond ring began to glow, then the middle diamond ring before the last diamond ring glowed and large Runes blinked in a sequence and in an instant, the sight of the back of the testing facility in the middle of the Gate disappeared and was replaced by the sight of grey earth, mottled with craters and boot stamps that seemed to have a timelessness to them yet that was not what drew their attention no…

In the horizon and high above, there was the natural black that loomed over this grey earth, a black night sky dotted with billions of stars that seemed to shine more brilliantly there than they ever did here and at the very centre of this horizon, where all the stars seemed to gravitate around, was a pale blue orb that had strings and clots of white on its surface, a sight that never not succeeded causing something in him to stir.

"Beautiful" the young man said with awe.

Sandra stepped forward, her eyes shining with wonder "It works. It really works." She said with delight as she clasped her hands.

Woodman scoffed before he tried to mask it with a cough "Of course it, Chancellor. It was never in question." He said plainly though it was not hard to miss the glimmer of pride in his voice.

"What are the measurements?" Atticus asked Woodman who turned and looked at the readings on the console.

"Ward integrity is at optimum. Atmospheric pressure is Cradle Normal, consistency of the air within the Ward Bubble is standard." Woodman informed.

"Good." Atticus said as he approached the gate, closer than anyone else had.

The principles of Space Layers – the principles that the inventors of the Vanishing Cabinets had unknowingly and without understanding worked with – provided the grounding theories as to why they were able to shorten distances using magic.

Apparition, portkeys, Vanishing Cabinets and other such techniques all bent space to allow for shorter journeys from one set of coordinates to another.

Apparition worked through puncturing a hole in the fabric of conventional space in the form of a micro wormhole with magic as the facilitator – and protector as the individual is wrapped through a field of magic – before exiting in another location by using magic to contract three dimensional space to be directly opposite to the original coordinates instead of the tens or hundreds of miles that might be between the points in space in conventional space.

Portkeys were a similar concept though more stable.

Vanishing Cabinets worked in that simple principle but it was more permanent.

Where portkeys and apparition temporarily punctured holes in the fabric of conventional space, for vanishing cabinets, two points were anchored together in conventional space through the use of runic schemes and sympathetically links that tied two objects together.

This was done through the semi-permanent hole made in Shunspace, one of a number of alternate dimensions that was layered on top of this universe.

Atticus stepped a little closer to the Gate when the younger man spoke up "my Lord! We haven't tested it yet!" he tried.

Atticus turned to him "The principles have not changed." He told the young man. "The principles have been tested and verified for over three years. This Gate" he said as he waved at the Ring "Is merely a new structure with streamlined Runes that were designed to take into account the theorems that govern this universe." Along with increasing the power of the Gate-Rings.

The Vanishing Cabinets he'd used during the war had susceptible to Britain's War Wards which disrupted the links between the paired cabinets.

Power and magical capacity had been found to be the issue. This new structure overcame that along with the magical power demands over distances such as this…and much further.

That was why he and Emily used the lesser versions of this Gate to travel between Sayre and Slytherin Manor.

In truth, they overbuilt the gate in front of him. From what they were able to tell, this Gate should be able to stay stable for well over forty nine light years.

Woodman did not know it but he had alternative purpose for this overbuild. This method of transportation of matter also opened up the transportation of energy.

Transference of energy would be virtually instantaneous across light years and the first thing that came into mind was harvesting solar energy from stars for the purpose of converting said energy into Neurophysical Energy – magic – and feed it Mithril Seeds.

Seeds that would aid him in future projects for 'just-in-case' purposes.

Emily walked up to him and stood by him, she gave him an inquisitive look which he only responded with assurance through their bond. She nodded her understanding as she stepped forward and passed through the Gate.

Sandra gasped sharply and he heard Woodman murmur but Emily turned out fine as she stepped onto the moon's lesser gravity. She turned around and gave him a look before she said something though he could hear nothing.

As part of the safety mechanisms, there was several shields built into the Gate that separated any chance of the two different locations interacting beyond the admission of light.

The hole – portal – itself only had a cross section of less than half a millimetre.

He stepped through and without even feeling anything he was out at the other side.

He withheld a wince as he felt the world around him. It was several magnitudes lesser than even the most inhospitable region on Earth.

"Success." He said to her as he looked around before glancing back through the ring and saw them staring at them.

He was tempted to wave at them but that felt like it was contrary to his mask.

He turned saw her walking towards the edge of the bubble. He went after her.

As he stood by her, he saw her gaze at the Earth "Will we ever see our own world like we see her?" she asked him, uncharacteristically morose, hallmarks of some aspects of his character rubbing off on her.

Still, he understood her very well as he turned his attentions fully to their homeworld.

"I like to think so." He said to her. She knew he'd seen what their likely new homeworld was going to be and its life capable moons. She hadn't asked to see it, not yet and he hadn't looked at it beyond a glimpse of what might be.

It was a distant future, for now, one that was growing closer but distant nonetheless.

"Hmm." She said in a noncommittal hum before she looked at him, her expression serious and the moment gone.

"At least we now have a way to link the worlds together without needing interstellar travel." She said with a glint in her eyes.

He smiled at her. "Yes." He said as he turned around, still just them two on the surface of the moon "That will make things much easier in the long run."

Until things settled during the havoc of Exodus, they wanted to limit travel until the proper structures were in place. It would also aid in strengthening Illos' authority over the others.

A small grin grew on his face as his eyes sparked with mischief. "You know…We could also build another Gate for Europa."

Her eyes shone with interest. She might not say it but he knew it had been her most favourite place to have visited.

Inwardly, his grin widened even more.

Something she would share with a certain old Japanese man not too long from now.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

8th​ April 1953 – Illos, Sayre Manor

Emily POV

She sat at the bottom of the pool, her long dark hair swayed in the near faint flow of water that only she and very few magical creatures could hope to sense.

She raised her hand and bent her fingers in a lotus like stance. The water grew uneasy and then tumultuous as it began to spiral at the centre of her palm, a small sphere of water that was moving differently compared to the larger body of water yet neither affected the other, the later body of water remained that same faint gentle flow in comparison to the small eddy that was storming in her hand.

With a mere thought, it changed to a perfect sphere of ice before she changed it again into a ball of superheated gas before cycling it into all three different states again and again until she grew bored of it.

Her abilities with the water element was still growing though it was slower than it had been before. Her hand began to change, her pale white skin made way for translucence, the skin and flesh and bones melted away like candle wax under a fire though it remained somewhat stable even as it rippled slightly like the water surrounding her.

She stared at her hand. It wasn't easy, to obtain this level of success of semi-liquid state. It was an alien concept, one that required abstract thinking to a degree that would have made those monks in Tibet pleased with her.

Her week long experimentation with Grindelwald's body had yielded more than a few results, most of which were discarded for being too corruptive but the most promising result had been the underlying theory she developed of infusing the body with magic to the point that the body itself acted like a magical core.

Grindelwald's body had remained highly magical despite the absence of his soul and mind, an impossibility that broke the trifecta of body, soul and mind that made active magic possible, yet he managed to succeed with the necromantic black magic that forced the magic and life force of others into his body.

If it was possible to accomplish such a feat with black magic, then it was possible to accomplish it without it. She stared at her hand.

She was a water elemental, a powerful one. At present she was using her magic to alter the properties of her hand to that of water, a feat that she only had partial success in yet it also confirmed her theory that it was possible to alter her existence without the need of rituals or alchemy.

Her experiments of creating new forms of life using the texts of Atlantis and the Grindelwald experiments, had been to develop a greater understanding of the nature of existence…of life, of magic, of sapience.

She'd created several new magical creatures using both magical and non-magical animals and she'd gotten some result with the creation of life using golems and non animal materials that culminated in those flying failures…all for the purpose of understanding it all better and…

She'd not gotten as far as she'd like.

Oh, she'd gotten a far better understanding in the key components that made life possible from a magical perspective but she needed more.

The Atlanteans had been capable of creating magical creatures that represented concepts…

The concept of life, death and rebirth in the form of Phoenixes.

The concept of nature's fury in Thunderbirds.

The concept of purity in Unicorns.

Yet she could not find the evidence in all of the Atlantean archives of how they managed to achieve it which was a bitter point for her.

Her eyes focused on her hand and her hand became more diffuse yet she still saw the underlining structure of a hand.

She was unable to be water, to be the physical representation of water, the life giver, the life taker, the element that could exist in more than one state.

She focused firmly on regaining solidity and her hand began to turn back into normal. She felt the familiar sting of numbness that accompanied in the few seconds after she regained solidity and she clenched her hand a few times before it returned back to normal.

It was frustrating to see that she'd reached a plateau, a glass ceiling she was unable to break through no matter how often she tried.

She knew she could reach further heights.

That had been evidenced when she began to manifest and fine tune certain abilities…namely the ability to sense and manipulate water at a molecular level and use it to augment or heal herself.

She could harden her skin to diamond hard ice with just a thought and she could draw out moisture out of any living being with increasing ease.

The results on Grindelwald's corpse had shown it was possible to alter one's body greater than what previously had been recorded and all of this was merely proof.

And…the fact the Atlanteans had been able to conceptualise concepts into reality was proof enough of what the critical component was that would allow her to gain total mastery of her element without needing to resort to rituals…

Consciousness.

It was all connected, magic, consciousness, existence and reality. As magicals they perceived greater, understood far more and it was their consciousness that linked all of it together.

She would get there, eventually.

Even if it took a hundred years.

The water around her began to swirl around her and she lifted off the floor of the pool even as she sat, the warmer currents of the swirling water carrying her back to the surface.

She breached the surface of the water and she clung onto the edge of the pool, her eyes gazing out from the spectacular view before her and her lips twisted as she stared out at Illos before her.

The rolling green hills and the beautiful city that loomed above them was satisfying to see, to see the slow culmination of their obsession of building the greatest civilisation to ever exist beginning to take firmer hold.

She felt the familiar feeling of love through their bond that transcended time and space as she felt him approaching through her magic.

"What is swimming in that mind of yours?" she heard and she glanced lazily to the left from where she felt him draw nearer.

"Conquest, domination, subjugation." She replied lazily "The usual." She said with a slow smirk on her face as she turned to him.

He was dressed in simple silken shirt and trousers in the style of Losi, the growing fashionable style that was becoming synonymous with Illos.

"Ah" he said in a musing tone, as he arrived and sat on the floor by the edge of the pool and he leaned back onto his arms. "The trifecta. Of course." He said with an easy smile as he looked at her before looking back at the city.

"Nearly everyone will be there today." Atticus said after a moment as he continued to stare out at the city.

"Seems right." She said with a hum as she peered at her with inspecting eyes "It was the longest mission so far?" Part of that mission had been to place the Gate and wards surrounding it.

He turned towards her and with a smile nodded "Yes. The third mission and the longest. Only half a day in transit each way whilst they spent over a week on Luna itself. They spent a few days recovering from that trip though they'll make a show of it by descending down into the Stadium."

They were intending on letting Illos develop its own form of spaceflight with only the mathematics and physics being 'unfolded' as time went by. Through this way, they intended on develop true mage-tech, a symbiosis of science and magic without the need for the kind of computing systems and restrictiveness of technology that would require artificial intelligence in the centuries to come.

Magic was intuitive, it responded to their will and desires and with the evidence of Magi-Comp, a crystalline based computer that ran entirely on magic, it was indicative this was a developmental tree they could continue on without problems.

Alice would be the only Artificial Intelligence in their Empire.

"When will Mars happen?" she asked genuinely curious. She hadn't gone to the Red Planet during their trips to space. Compared to Saturn and her rings, to Jupiter and standing on the surface of Europa with Jupiter looming in all of its full glory…

It seemed pedestrian.

"Likely around the summer time. They'll be building the third iteration of the Vessel during that time. Mostly to improve the dampening effects within the Vessel when travelling at maximum speeds." Atticus explained to her.

"You haven't given them your Artificial Gravity & Force Dampening Runic Matrices?" She asked with a raised eyebrow, a slow smirk growing on her face.

"They have no need for it." He said dismissively and her smirk grew wider though she didn't comment on it. He just didn't want to share everything, even if it was obsolete.

"Considering that they'd applied existing runic schemes – and improved on it – they'll arrive at this conclusion without my aid." He finished.

"Of course." She said with a hint of amusement in her tone. He gave her a mild but exasperated smile before he outstretched his legs as he sat by her whilst she remained in the pool.

They fell into an easy silence, basking in each other's presence as they had done for the past few days. It was a luxury, for now, to be able to spend as much time together as they had done, and it was a luxury that they unfortunately would need to keep sacrificing until their plans culminated to a stage where they no longer had to be personally present to manage situations.

"Received word from Sassa – we've been invited by Viktor Nowak to come visit the Nikita Borough." Atticus said after a while, glancing at her from the corner of his eyes.

Her eyes narrowed at the familiarity of the name until she recalled who he was "The infamous Polish rebel that kept the fight going on his own despite being hunted by Grindelwald's forces, including for a time Vinda Rosier herself?"

"The very same" Atticus confirmed.

After a few moments of consideration, she asked "How have they settled anyway?"

"They have settled in well…all things considered. The introductory package and the Lingua Latin potion has been a major help in easing them into Illos." He paused for a few seconds "Though they have been noticeably less willing to integrate like the other tribes and squib parents from around the world have been."

"Perhaps we need to break up their numbers more evenly through the city?" she posed. She hadn't been here in the past few months when the migration had been happening.

"We already split the four thousand into five different groups with four of the groups being meshed with six different boroughs that were settled by new settlers and existing citizens.

The way things worked out, Nikita Borough just so happened to have a greater concentration of the same culture than others. It won't be an issue for too long but for the moment, it's something to be carefully managed" he finished.

"Hence the invitation by Nowak?" she mused aloud and he nodded slightly.

"Yes. He wants to discuss some of the finer points that are causing issues with their integration…namely the highly patriarchal culture of theirs and lingering effects of the inherited societal prejudice against the Veela which of course doesn't mesh all that well with the more egalitarian norms here in Illos."

Her eyes turned flinty though she kept her expression neutral "They agreed to integrate with the rules of Illos months before they decided to join. To cause problems now…" her voice trailed, implication clear in her voice.

"Nowak knows that too and it is an invitation that is meant to alleviate some of the concerns that has been raised by more than a few people. He seeks to reassure us about their commitment to meld into Illosian society and that in time – and they will – the uneasiness will fade away."

She nodded. "Good." As much as she wanted to make them submit without question, more…diplomatic nuance was needed when it came to enforcing their will here in Illos and in the centuries to come. It was better to build up the strength of their soft power now so that the brutal reaction had more meaning later.

She halted in her thoughts for a moment, peering at him "Is there anything in particular that might end up being of interest to us when we visit?"

He shook his head "No. After we speak with them and tour the borough, there is little else that happens there before the ceremony." He met her gaze "We'll need to blatantly use magic in a way that makes some of the stauncher and stubborn amongst their numbers remind them that our strength and reputation is not overblown."

She smiled. Application of soft power through displays of strength.

"Where is Nikita Borough?" she asked.

His lips curled up "In the second ring."

Her lips twisted into a thin smile as she raised her hand and a thin strand of water sprouted out from the pool and formed into a bridge into her hand.

"It's definitely what will convince the more resisting patriarchs of accepting the new way of things." Atticus said with an amused smile.

Her smile grew into a smirk as she banished the water into the pool.

"Will it be just us?"

"No. Sassa will be there too." He confirmed.

"I'm surprised we're needed at all." Emily said musingly.

"You know Sassa." Atticus said with a shrug "She gets people to agree through trickery and manipulation that is well hidden in her actions. The problem is, her warm nature and genuine desire to help even if it's through trickery and so on doesn't work so well with a people who value displays of strength more than they do kindness." Atticus said to her.

She nodded agreeably though it was a shame that Sassa was unable to deal with this entirely.

They met Sassa during their tour of Africa in '47 and they had grown to appreciate the woman enough that she had been chosen to be the Cultural and Social Director of Illos.

She was partially responsible for the successful integration of newcomers, an important responsibility for anyone.

Both herself and Atticus wanted to add a layer of separation in the running of Illos but still ensure they were ever present in every decision that was made, even if it was not so obvious at first sight. The Council of Representatives was part of that though all of the responsibility of settlement and population was kept with them and the High Council.

"Sassa believes, rightly, that seeing us breathe and use magic like its nothing will only ensure they see us as their leaders, not such as just leaders of Illos. As a patriarchal society, they follow strength and though they respect my reputation for my actions in the war and the aid we have given them during their trying times after the war, we have not 'earned' their loyalty, not completely." He turned to her, his gaze meeting hers.

"And with your own displays of magic done so casually, it will only cause their respect and loyalty to grow for you organically in your own right…not just as my wife but as my equal."

Her smile turned warm as their gazes met and she reached out to his hand. She gripped it tightly for a moment before she released it and looked back at the city.

One of the problems of being away so often and only visiting fleetingly was that it caused a disconnect to what was being built here.

Not just from the place but the people as well. Alleviating her unspoken concerns in this manner was just like him.

Her smile fell off as she realised again how short their time together would be. He picked up on her soured mood.

"Do you have to leave in three days' time?" he asked her, despite the fact that both of them knew he'd known the answer to that long before they were having this conversation.

"I must." She stated as her lips tightened, disliking the situation yet in a way she was pleased with it as Britain was and is to be her own accomplishment in totality.

"We both know that Magical Britain is at a critical juncture at present. My...foreswearing of my titles and privileges was expected by most of the Lords and Ladies but not in the public manner it had been done nor so early."

"Yes." Atticus said with a sigh as he looked back onto the city. "Your presence even now is missed and it's causing havoc amongst the populace, noble and common alike back in Britain."

Her stunt back in Britain backed several of the more mercenary Lords into a corner.

Whilst most of them hated the idea of their nobility being held against them, by muggles of all things, many of them hoped that the Aurors would be able to deal with the muggle incursion quick enough that it wouldn't be an issue but with what she did in her press conference…it made sure the public would latch onto the idea with eager hands.

Whilst the situation with the muggles was sensitive enough that it could escalate, she knew that things would eventually settle back into a certain norm once Potter set the stage for them to erase their existence from the minds of the muggles again.

And during that time and in the aftermath, her grip would be tighter on the political landscape especially on the Traditionalists and their families. They would be left no option but to follow her and the Progressives were too discombobulated to be any meaningful threat in the immediate interim.

Destroying Merlin's Enchantments of the Wizengamot had provided her the opening she needed to take complete control.

And doing so through the most violent and shocking of ways ensured the newly Heads of Houses were vulnerable and more willing to bend to her which she exacerbated with the fear and hate of the muggles.

The practicalities of the necessity to destroy the Enchantments aside, namely to remove the binding magic towards that muggle woman and the protections the enchantments offered the nobility, it had also been necessary to destroy the Enchantments at a psychological level.

Merlin's Enchantments had given the perception that the nobility had the right to rule Magical Britain and it had been something that all of Magical Britain had accepted. It was a truth that none dared or thought to question for centuries even by Dark Lords who often sought support of the nobility instead of upending the entire system.

For how could they question the nobility's right to rule when their greatest hero, the man they worshipped nearly as a deity, had granted that right to those families in the first place?

Something she and Atticus had been whittling away at for nearly a decade, mostly through subtlety and his charade that stuck in their minds but also through their puppet terrorist groups.

The muggles and the puppets had served their purpose perfectly and now she almost had a free path towards driving out the overwhelming influence of the Noble Houses from the Ministry and in their place Ouroboros under her orders would come and fill in their gap and effectively make Magical Britain into a One Party State…

With the public's full support.

And when the time was right…

She smiled inwardly and her eyes gleamed as the image of a legendary sword flashed across her mind.

"Do I need go back sooner?" she asked him. He shook his head

"No. Two more days is fine enough." He told her.

They fell into a bout of silence.

"We could always dump them on a planet and wash our hands off of them." Atticus said with a hum in his voice.

Her lips twitched "If only it was so easy."

It wouldn't be a lie to say that it was hard to see the point of all of their scheming and their dismantling of ancient societies that caused more trouble than it was worth…not when they could easily continue to increase their population through other means however…

They needed to rule all of the magical world and they would do so.

And unfortunately, that meant creatively dealing with some of the ancient institutions that were unlikely to fully go away.

And as much as they were breaking the current world order, and the people themselves, the strong would need to be approached in a different way.

"Unfortunately the Assembly of Lords is an important originator for our future plans here in Illos when the time comes to integrate Magical Britain, Ireland and several other nations into Illos." She said calmly.

"Yes they will. The Council of Lords is an inevitability." He said with a distant look in his eyes.

He'd told her – and shown her – more than a few possibilities decades down the line, near the time of Exodus, and in the more stable distant possibilities, there were four tiers of Governance.

The Council of Representatives, the Council of Lords, the Council of Magical Races and the High Council.

She did not expect the current system to change too much with the addition of the Council of Lords, only an added further step between the High Council and the Council of Representatives where the Lords would functionally be who 'approve' the legislative changes the Council of Representatives put forth within certain scope.

Yet that was not the purpose for the Council of Lords.

It was to be a controlled way to allow certain individuals to rise to the top of the social hierarchy without influencing the rest of society too much and upend all that they were building…and to provide a counterbalance to Council of Representatives.

"It is in our nature." Emily said simply.

It was in their nature to desire power. To use it, to cause deliberate change to the conditions of the world in way that brought it more in line to your desires and needs.

Equality was a lie.

It could never be true when there were those who were greater than others, in magic, in personality and in knowledge which augmented magic in several ways, and when she and her husband were greater than them all.

The Council of Representatives would only shift towards that inclination…of powerful mages being elected into power to represent their immediate community.

They were already coalescing into groups that had aligned political, social and economic values and it would not be long before powerful mages would become leaders of these groups.

Illos' ideals of equality were idealistic and it was necessary in order to build the institutions and the social values that promoted equal opportunity. Social values they were instilling into their citizens were centred on progress, meritocracy and duty, a trifecta of responsibility that would stabilise an inherently unstable species.

But in time…there would be erosion of these values.

Perhaps not to a great degree but enough that made it necessary to plan for such eventualities.

And though they built Illos' constitution and its legal framework in a way that made great accumulation of power impossible, there were still the natural accumulation of power that would threaten the social order in unacceptable ways.

It was an inevitability, an inevitability they consciously chose to make with the way they were building Illos…a place of progress and great magical advancement…a place that allowed greater opportunity and knowledge of magic…to power and allow those who were capable of it to rise to fulfil their potential.

It was obvious why Ministries around the world limited knowledge and practices so as to prevent powerful mages from upending the system they built but it was part of the reason why Dark Lords and Dark Ladies continued to rise and accumulate followers.

They would do better.

Even if they were permitting the opportunity for conflict and rivalry all while encouraging the existence of more High Sorcerers and even…

Archmages.

A headache for anyone, including her and Atticus yet it was also something that could not be avoided…nor should it be avoided.

At the start of the Grindelwald war, there had only been four known Archmages.

Gellert Grindelwald, Albus Dumbledore, Bosede Khari and Xavier Charleston.

Each of them were capable of dominating groups of mages and each of them held, at one point or another, great influence in whatever societies they were from.

Power begot power.

And the truth was…they had been only the acknowledged Archmages.

There were far more Archmages hidden away from the Magical World or had not cared to advertise their capabilities, something they had come to understand during their trips around the world.

They had found the proof in India with that parselmouth monk who killed himself and they found further proof in Japan, Namibia, Uganda and in Chile…

It was a far more frequent occurrence than people realised and with the opportunities to expand in your skill and magic present here in Illos…

The number of Archmages may well end up in the double figures once Illos reached several million in population size and that was something that needed to be dealt with.

Muggles did not have this problem.

Power beyond material things for them did not exist. Wealth, inherited or not, was what provided them with the power they needed to alter their circumstances to their desires.

For magicals…

Power was within their fingertips.

People were animals, no matter how 'civilized' they were. It was an inherent flaw in their genetic makeup, in their species. Like animals, people strove for the optimum favourable conditions and achieve their maximal feeling of power.

They would abhor their obstruction to power, the hindrance this obstruction would cause them from achieving this maximal state of power and they would act accordingly…

Through politics, through conflict and through violence.

Atticus and herself were merely an example of such an eventuality.

As were Grindelwald, Dumbledore and many others throughout history.

Power demanded more power in whatever way they chose and none with power would tolerate obstructions…just as she and Atticus did not tolerate it.

They had eliminated such obstruction to their power with the deaths of Grindelwald, Dumbledore…the Elder Blacks…and would eliminate many more in future.

Illos and their empire was theirs but she knew very well how others may wish to take it and whilst she relished the opportunity to eradicate such fools with prejudice, it was better to simply ensure such possibilities never took root in the first place.

Illos itself wasn't the only place they'd need to ensure they kept control of the scale of conflicts between groups or individuals. It was better to manage people's ambitions and actions than it was to stop it entirely.

It was a fruitless endeavour anyway, to suppress the natural inclinations of their kind.

Still, they weren't idle and they were already beginning with the framework of the Office of Far Sight where divination and this project of Atticus' would use to ensure such problematic revolutionaries would be eliminated whilst ambitious but not revolutionary individuals would be allowed to exist.

The Council of Lords would provide a pathway to a level of power for these kinds of individuals where they'd contend with others for influence and power within a contained environment.

A Council that would consist of the most powerful mages in the Realm by virtue of their power, their intellect, accomplishments and…their loyalty to the Realm, to her and Atticus which would be enforced by oaths…

Or they would die.

A concentration of powerful mages congregating was a risk, that was certain but they would manage it easily enough even if the traitors managed to find wriggle room in the Oath.

The institutional framework they were building would minimise the discontent level of the citizenry to zero ensuring populist routes to power would be impossible.

That and ensuring that certain families that were known for producing powerful mages every few generations were favoured would allow them a loyal spine within the Council of Lords that would keep them too disorganised and in conflict to pose too much of a risk.

The Blacks were one of these kinds of families and they had the current opportunity to…groom the family into a loyal cadre of followers who would become one of their stalwart vassals for centuries to come.

Her eyes glinted at the thought of the proud man raging in whatever hellhole he resided within the Domain, helpless, unable to do nothing but watch as the woman who killed him, a woman he called a half blood whore, made his proud and ancient House as little more than a servant House.

She banished away that momentary vindictive thought as she refocused.

Of course, the Council of Lords would not be hereditary – it would spit in the face of what they were promoting and she quite liked the idea of families that had grown fat and prideful on unearned wealth and worthless heritage made to work to improve themselves magically – but they would ensure there was a careful balance in the Council.

Influential families would be given a bias to gain a seat on the Council but the pathway to the Council would remain open to those who did not have as great a family history of power or influence but were able to meet the criteria of magical power and more anyway.

All of this was aimed in removing these people from greater political power amongst the public they might have found otherwise in the Council of Representatives whilst still making them part of the political structure by giving them authority and responsibility of what to allow to pass into law…

And at the same time pit the Council of Representatives and the Council of Lords in a political chess match in a contained environment that satiated the need for conflict within both political structures of the State whilst also making these individuals jostle against each other for influence and domination over others.

She understood human nature better than anyone. Permitting the space for conflict allowed for greater stability than an enforced peace.

It was inherent in them all, this need for conflict, of having more than the other, of seeking to uplift oneself even at the cost of others…

And she would allow such conflict to exist…to flourish.

Conflict and the desire for power was a part of them and not even evolution into different branches of humanity could eradicate that from their existence.

And as much as Atticus once wished for there to be true equality, it was only a dream that could never exist, not when power was tangible and real.

"As living beings, yes it is in our nature." He leaned back and laid on his back, his hands behind his head as he stared at the sky.

"It's funny…in a morbid way. The way we are. I wonder how much of us is evolution and how much is them." Atticus said with an introspective frown.

"Not that it matters, in the end." Emily said with a hum in her voice.

Since Atticus managed to shut out the entity within the Domain, he'd seen more and more glimpses of the past…and communicated to by ancient shades of beings, more shards than shades in truth, some of the nature of existence in the universe.

Thankfully he's learnt to filter out the Domain to a certain kind of experiences and interactions from the Domain which had been at the same time useful and worrying.

The Ancient Humans had kept excellent records that dated back to their Reconstruction Era, the Era that lead them to move far away from Forerunner territory many hundreds of thousands of years ago.

Yet some things Atticus heard…or was shown…did not line up with records.

Given the sense that the Domain was more alive than not…a domain of magic of a kind they were not sure how it worked, yet, Atticus was under the impression that the Domain had a will of its own…or acted on the will of the entity that once plagued Atticus.

What that meant was they could not rely on the Domain's veracity though they planned for the worst. With what Atticus had shown her of the state of existence…

They could not afford not to plan for it even if it proved to be false.

"No…I suppose it doesn't." He said and she saw the slight tightening of the jaws.

"All that matters is that we won't be losing to them." Emily said

'Not like the others had' she thought to herself with a cruel glint in her eye.

He turned his head towards her, a small smile on his face and it was one that spoke of quiet confidence. They had a long way to go but together…

With their people at their backs…

Well, all things came to end, even to those who seemed to have no end.

He blew out a small sigh "I suppose this Council will at least prevent things from getting too boring in the interim."

Her lips curled. Ah yes…she could imagine it being fascinating. The political backstabbing, the quest for dominance amongst the Lords and amongst the Representatives…

Yes…it'll be entertaining, that was certain.

"Certainly…especially when we'll have to put down a few overreaching individuals to drive the point of keeping their plots and schemes to a certain level." She said with a glint in her eyes.

He looked at her with a hint of amusement "We do have the Illosian Guards for that."

"As if I'd bother to deal with those kind of weaklings that the guards can deal with." She said with a roll of her eyes.

The Illosian Guards were all Sorcerer level mages that made up of the military, police and investigative branches of the State…all of which was under their direct authority.

They had been initially made up from vassals directly sworn to Atticus but now they were made up of some of the strongest magicals in Illos, sworn directly to loyalty and obedience to her and Atticus as Heads of State.

The military was essential to any endeavour to a coup and it could not be successful if they did not have the support of the military. History taught enough lessons to drive that point into anyone with even a modicum of sense.

Eventually they were aiming to enlist loyal Archmages into the Illosian Guards and that would cement the stability of the state considerably.

One of the ways they were hoping to achieve that was through the new vassal families that would stem from new magicals.

"I wouldn't count out the opposition the guards can deal with." Atticus said with a laugh in his voice as his smile curled with hints of pride creeping through his bond.

"Our best can outfight Chavez and his lieutenants handily." He said to her.

"He's hardly that impressive in the first place." Emily said with a scoff "Just a middling Sorcerer. Parkinson himself can defeat him and Parkinson hasn't cast an offensive spell in over a decade."

Chavez was a dark wizard that was now in his 'fourth term' as Minister in Argentina. He and his lieutenants had ruled in the country – and had significant influence across South America – for almost thirty years.

It was not completely uncommon for there to be 'dynasties' like this and whenever they ended, it would result in a brief but intense conflict to 'succeed' the previous ruler.

Only Brazil, Colombia and Chile resembled Western Ministries and that was only because of the strong native influence that was retained after the Statute Wars where communities coalesced into quasi democratic governance with the Spanish and Portuguese magical settlers.

One thing they all had in common was that almost all of South America disliked the ICW, especially amongst the native magical population, because of the Statute Wars and it would make their two sided approach of getting them under their banner easier over the course of the next half century.

Atticus laughed "The man could outduel even the elites amongst the guards even if he hasn't duelled for a decade."

Parkinson was impressive, truth be told though his talents was far higher in the more clandestine arts. Despite Rockwood's intelligence and skill to secret out information, he was still miles away from approaching Parkinson's ability to lay entire networks of information.

It was with his aid that they were getting more personal information from the isolated magical nations which they weren't able to obtain through the Ancient Satellites.

She was interrupted from her response to Atticus as a message popped up on Atticus' silver circlet bracelet.

He read it with a contemplative look on his face. "It seems like we're ready to progress with the Restoration Project." he told her as he glanced at her.

Her eyes widened before they narrowed calculatingly "The trials have succeeded?"

He hummed for a few moments before he answered as he sat up back "The trials so far are looking successful, yes. As you know, all eight candidates have past their one month point and their magic is growing stronger. Alice has now conclusively noted no regression and their bodies have grown accustomed to the magic."

Her eyes gleamed at that "And their rate of growth?" she asked with intense curiosity.

He stretched out before he turned to her, an expression of mild disappointment adorned "Weak. Which is what we expected. They might end up reaching a point where it will not grow any further sooner than we originally anticipated." He paused for a second

"It seems that their magical core severely atrophied in the decades since they were born. Without active use, it seems like there was no need for growth causing their magical growth to be that of an average fourteen year old." He finished.

She considered that for a few moments. So they were unlikely to be much use.

"The younger squibs might see better results, the younger the better in fact, than the adults." Atticus continued

"Because of their magical maturities." She stated and he nodded.

"Hmm." Which would be their next stage in their testing.

"Possible impact on their progeny?" she asked musingly though her expression was serious.

"Non-existing. They'll be magical." He confirmed with a hint of amusement in his tone "The samples they've provided suggest that there is no long term impact on their bloodlines."

"So we can still vassalise any squibs turned magical." She said with a smile growing on her face.

"Yes. Whether or not they'll be stronger or weaker than the average magical is unknown but we will have a large pool of oath bound subjects in the future."

"At least the Clan children have proven their success." She said after a moment, her gaze meeting his "Sixty eight potential High Sorcerers with a potential Archmage?" she said with calculating eyes.

"Not all of them will reach their potential." Atticus warned lightly "But yes, it seems we got lucky with the orphaned squibborns. Or perhaps it was the way we fostering those children in the Clan structure along with the schooling that is raising their potential."

"We'll figure out the reason behind the success eventually." She said as she lifted herself up from the pool. Whilst most of the children were capable of some forms of wandless magic, not many of them had the potential to become adept at wandless magic. Just as like what hey were seeing at the Pandrosion Institute were many students had begun at a later age than the children that were effectively raised from birth in Illos.

Either you had the potential from birth or you did not.

"Will many of them join the Illosian Guards?"

"A fourth of them are likely to do so." He confirmed. "The rest will join the Offices."

She looked down at him with inspecting eyes "And the potential Archmage?"

He looked up at her, his expression relaxed "He'll be my apprentice."

A flicker of surprise cut across her face before she narrowed her gaze. "You didn't say anything before."

"I hadn't decided."

She raised her eyebrow "You already knew what you were going to do."

"But I hadn't decided." Atticus said as he got up "It was a likely possibility but not the only possibility. To have said it then meant that I made my choice then."

She waved her hand around her and a soft silken dress formed around her naked form. "Very well." She said conceding the point "Why did you decide? I know you like teaching but teaching someone to become a powerful Archmage…" she said trailing off as their gazes met.

"Beyond simply ensuring the Archmage is loyal to us?" He said with a raised eyebrow.

"Yes…beyond the obvious." She drawled.

His lips twitched before he shook his head clear and met her gaze. "Because I have Seen the kind of man he will become." Atticus' lip pursed as he paused for a moment.

"A man who will be as loyal as Dayton and just as steadfast to us…something that is not even contingent on me training him and someone who will shine as an example to many future subjects of ours."

Her eyes widened ever so slightly.

The way he spoke about training this Archmage…

"You already consider him something of a friend." She simply stated, her eyes boring into him. One of Atticus' fatal flaws, even now, was to create unnecessary bonds with people were beneath them.

He could be as ruthless as any, the killing of Dorea's sister Cassiopeia was proof enough but he still earnestly cared about others beyond those who should naturally be closest to him.

It was a double edged sword that made many loyal enough that they'd die for him but it also made him weaker than he should be. It was an edge that he often struggled to stay on top off and not slip into making a fatal mistake like he once did with Nymera.

For all his Sight. they both knew that his Sight was not perfect even now. Their constant adjustments of their plans was proof of that.

Atticus' lips twisted slightly "Hard not to with all that I have Seen. But I do not see him as a friend truly but rather as a protégé." His violet green eyes shown slightly as his lips twisted into a mild smirk

"It's not as if I will be the only one with a protégé at some point or another."

Her eyes narrowed dangerously. He'd refused to tell her who she was meant to be, only that she'd know when she'd met the girl.

"I'll wring it out of you someday." She said with a glint in her eye.

He looked at her unconcerned, his smirk widening into a smile "Maybe." He said with a hint of teasing in his tone.

She rolled her eyes at his playfulness as she returned to the subject at hand "Will you teach him the fundamentals behind the Higher Magicks?" she asked, this time more serious.

Atticus' smile dropped and his eyes hardened "No." he said resolutely "Such things we cannot teach…no matter how much we trust our protégés."

She nodded pleased. She did not believe she'd ever trust anyone to teach some of the things she and Atticus had discovered and were still discovering about magic and more.

Archmages had always been special…to the point they were considered to be vehicles of destiny but what they were discovering was that they had the potential to be so much more.

Atticus had already been capable of bending ambient magic to his will with his family's trait but it was not something that was restrained to him.

It was easier for him yes and he could do it with greater effect, but it could be learnt, at least to a certain degree for most and for Archmages…

Stories of Zeus, Odin, Poseidon, Hera and many more elemental mages were likely inspired by those who touched that potential that was within them.

Once Archmages reached such a state, their consciousness was capable of bending reality just as much their own personal magic was capable of it though with greater effect.

They'd theorised it might be part of how these Precursors might have been able to do what they were believed to be capable of…these beings that managed to find a perfect symbiosis between magic and consciousness resulting in reality being shaped in accordance to their desires and will.

"Still, I will teach him more than enough to make him formidable." Atticus said with a fond tone in his voice.

"You really have a high regard for him."

She had an idea of who the boy who'd grown into this man would be.

"I do…I will." He said to her, their gazes meeting "He'll be a hero to the people with his exploits and character." Atticus said with a shake of the head

She looked at him intensely "Heroes are overrated. Heroes have risen and fallen throughout for millennia and they've never built anything lasting."

Atticus smiled as he crossed the distance and caressed her cheek with the back of his hand. "I agree. Our path as leaders of our kind is better than the fleeting adoration of the masses. I would not alter our destiny nor my past if given the choice. I am happy with my lot in life." He said in a warm tone and she felt the truth of it in his magic.

"Still…with him, I will be able to impart some of our knowledge and he'll flourish for it. He'll become one of our greatest champions in the process too."

Impart knowledge…

Yes…he saw this potential Archmage as more than just a protégé.

Her eyes narrowed slightly but she said nothing. She often didn't comment on the more…personal side of what he Saw. Of the paths they were going to take.

Of when they might end up having a child.

He told he avoided looking too far ahead of their future together but she often wondered if he just said that too alleviate her concerns and misgivings…

Yet, if he was Seeing this protégé as something more, what did that mean for them?

Was he thinking of this archmage as a surrogate child because he didn't see a child in their future?

She touched his hand on her cheek "How long do we have until we have to leave?" she asked, changing the subject and ignoring the pesky thoughts in her mind.

"About an hour" he confirmed, picking up on the change of subject.

She leaned forward and kissed him on the lips before she stepped back "I will see you then" she said as she twisted on her heel.

Hours later…

The meeting with Viktor Nowak and his people had been rather uninteresting even if she sensed their wonderment at their capabilities. She wasn't sure if she preferred the quiet awe over the fearful awe she so often inspired in her associates in Britain but nevertheless, Nowak's people were set back onto the path of merging within Illosian society.

They had little choice of course…given the nature of their exit out of Eastern Europe.

The main reason why they'd offered aid after the war in the first place was that they had refused to barter with the Russians who'd come in and offered to 'help'. With their refusal came of course them being ostracised from larger society and no help had been received either by them or by the ICW who didn't wish to interfere.

Soon enough they entered a skymobile towards to the Stadium where they were accompanied by Sassa Habe

"It's funny" Sassa said musingly as they travelled within a skymobile, mostly for their companion's benefit.

Emily turned to her with an inquisitive look.

"My brother." Sassa said before she expanded "He would have been in disbelief before being excited by the accomplishments of the crew of Conatum Caeleste"

"He did have the choice to come" Atticus said pointedly, his expression mildly amused. They'd met Sassa's family during their trip in Africa and her brother, Ghezo, was certainly a character. Somehow the man had managed to rope Atticus into an escapade with a Nundu deep in the Congo Rainforests.

She was rather pleased he decided not to come.

Sassa inclined her head "That is true." Her lips widened into a broad smile "I will make sure to remind him of that when the time is right" she said with mischief in her eyes.

"It'll be probably longer than you think." Atticus said to her "Whilst we may 'open up' to the world, we definitely won't be sharing our secrets for a lot longer than that."

"I know" Sassa said, a lot more serious now "Though I believe it is possible for the Benin Ministry to join this partnership you're beginning."

"Really?" Emily said "The impression we got from all of the Volun chiefs was that they and the Ministry were isolationist from the wider magical world."

Sassa Habe's people part of the Volun shaman tribe, she herself was descendant of a powerful clan of that tribe of mages. They were amongst some of the most influential tribes in Africa whose voice carried significant weight within the Benin Ministry.

Bosedi Khari, the last remaining acknowledged Archmage of the previous generation, a two hundred year old Archmage who practically sang with magic, was part of this Volun tribe.

Sassa Habe's nephew was likely set to become Khari's successor and the boy definitely had the potential to become an Archmage.

It was rather curious that there would be another Archmage within the same tribe so soon after the previous one and at the time they had it confirmed that it wasn't too uncommon for there to be a successor of great power to come before the death of the predecessor.

It hadn't been a phenomenon they witnessed around the world but perhaps that was because of the unique circumstances of the Volun Shamans who rivalled the ancient Greeks mages and remnant Persian mages in the age of their society.

Their school of magic was a lot more attuned to the magic of the world in comparison to the Western school. With the impressive lineage these Shamans held and views on magic, it seemed like it was an ideal soup of circumstances that allowed their small community to spit out Archmages every three or four generations at a time.

"I do think you may know this…Benin's relationship with the ICW has never been good." Sassa said with a frown. "Our ancestors before the Statute had an amiable relationship with the non-magicals in our homelands. The Statute was only agreed to after it seemed likely that war would only cause us to have at most a pyrrhic victory…for a time."

"We had to stand by and watch much of our homeland change – the people and the lands themselves – without us having much say outside of our own little corner and where before magic was seen as a gift it is now seen as a sign of devilry." Sassa said with a sad glint in her eyes as she looked at her and Atticus "Not all of it is the ICW's fault, of course but they are seen as part of the problem." Sassa paused for a second.

"I do not think it will be hard to convince them to join us, not once they see it'll benefit them more especially after they see what we could do."

Emily looked at her calculatingly "And of course that is if they're given a greater voice in the new organisation?" she asked and Sassa only smiled before she nodded.

"Naturally." Sassa said with a widening smile.

"Naturally" Emily said with a drawl as her lips curled up. Outside of a few nations within the ICW, the opinions of other Ministries were rarely of particular value in the magical world. The higher the population, the greater the voice and the more the ICW catered to you. With Europe as the continent with the highest population, most of the focus tended to be there.

Sassa wasn't shy to her remaining allegiances to her homeland. It was why they preferred to take in more uprooted people or downtrodden groups of people. Still, Sassa's allegiance to her homeland did not trump over Illos though that was largely more because it was in her nature.

She tended to look out for the best interest of everyone. Somehow.

"After we finalise our agreements with the Japanese and after we've begun with the Americans, we can approach the Beninese." Atticus said after a few moments.

Sassa smiled as she dipped her head in acceptance.

They arrived at the stadium and soon enough they arrived in their box seats. It wasn't long after that eyes were glued to the sky as an object began to grow larger and a silhouette of a ship became obvious.

The humming sounds of the ship lessened as it began its descend down towards the centre of the stadium. It was sleek, its gloss silver body glistened in the light of the Orbs in such a way it made the ship seem like it was a radiant golden sliver of the Sun itself.

Her eyes wondered and looked at her immediate surroundings. She was surrounded by most of the High Council and a few other individuals that were invited in the premium box that was reserved for her and Atticus.

Atticus stood by her side as he looked up onto the ship with a triumphant glint in his eyes and an expression that took her back to the early days with the way he looked so much like his father in this moment.

It reminded her of the look Markus Sayre had on his face in the moment Atticus received his second Mastery at the Charms Guild in Alexandria, the proud look of a father that could not be contained.

He no doubt could feel her gaze on him, he turned and met her gaze, the triumphant glint fading but a glint of contentedness replaced it as his face softened ever so slightly and the corner of his lips up ticked.

She returned it slightly before she broke off the gaze and looked back at the slowly declining ship. It was done in a purposeful spectacle, to draw out the moment for the crowd in the half filled stadium that bore nearly everyone in Illos.

She knew the psychology well, the importance of binding the growing population of Illos, to each other, to a purpose…that there was something greater than themselves.

"Look Pandora, the pretty ship is coming down!" Professor Agoralos said excitedly to her infant daughter that was held tightly to her chest with one arm as she pointed towards the ship with the other.

The infant gurgled as she stared at the glowing ship before she lost interest and looked into the direction of the rising hubbub of the crowd as an infant was oft to do when something noisier grabbed its attention.

"It's quieter than I thought it'd be." Emily said quietly, in a way that only Atticus could hear.

Atticus softly chuckled "She, Emily…she." He said with a mild look in his face. "Focus on the child's clothing." He said to her and she glanced at the gurgling child.

She focused and the world become a spectrum of colours before she once more refocused onto the clothing of the infant.

"Calming charms." She said with a hum.

"Yes, I doubt otherwise little Pandora would have kept quiet." Atticus said and before she responded, the ship landed and took their attention.

The crowd rose in thunderous applause as the Crew of Conatum Caeleste lowered out of the ship and stepped onto the podium, waving gently towards the crowds as they walk. The crowd were now on their feet in the Tonitrua Stadium, a large colosseum esque stadium that stood at the edge of Celestis City.

Atticus stepped forward and stood by the rim of guards rails of the private box seats.

She walked towards him and with a little flick of her fingers, she cast a privacy ward around them as she brushed her arm against his.

"They're more excited than I expected." Emily mused after a moments of silence, her eyes wondering towards the rousing crowds.

"The impact of the Holo Cam can't be understated" Atticus said in response as he clapped lightly as the crew neared towards Overseer Laset "Watching the journey that was streamed twenty hours a day was an experience that many had invested in, especially when they were out walking on top of the moon."

"The fact that these were people 'just like them' also factors into it" she said in a humming tone.

"Yes." He said with a light incline of the head as he glanced at her before he looked back at the crew who stood by the announcer. "To give them inspiration that any of them could do it if they dedicated themselves. That you and I could do it was one thing but to see others do the same?"

Yes…that would change their perspective. She and Atticus were seen as they were, above them but to see those like them? It would only solidify in them that it was a true possibility.

It 'leaked' in December that their Lord and Lady visited the Void and Luna when they were still in school and it had caused a storm of interest amongst the populace.

The Observatory at one of the peaks of Mount Celestis was one of the most visited places in Illos as it was capable of zooming into distant stars and capable of capturing silhouettes of the planets that orbited those stars.

For the populace to then learn that they could visit one of those planetary bodies they had only had the luxury of seeing through a lens, big or small, well…

The Office of Space been commissioned by Atticus within days after the citizens requesting them to do so, it's prerogative being to explore the Void and develop the magical and scientific means to do it.

They knew where to start when Atticus gifted them the same magical ship they used to dispose of Grindelwald's body and taught them the magic and the scientific principles he used to create it. Walter Bishop, the Director of Magical Innovation and Technology had lead the Office for the first two missions before he handed it over to Overseer Laset who oversaw the third mission to Luna – and the deposit of the Gate which was a secret for now.

"In a way, it exceeded my expectations, the interest that our people have shown." Atticus continued as his hands went back his back, his eyes intently on the scenes before him.

Her eyes looked around "The foundation is happening faster than we anticipated." She agreed as her eyes continued to search around.

Illos was more than anyone who arrived could have expected…to the point it almost made it seem like it was a dream.

The trifecta of social values…progress, meritocracy and duty were still only something that people wanted to believe in…not something that they believed in.

It was too new…too different to what magical society was known for and whilst they were carefully balancing the population between those who were raised with Illosian values and those who were coming to know those values, it still meant things were too fragile for it to take complete hold.

Oh many cherished Illos, it was a veritable haven in comparison to any other society, but it was more greed than it than it was anything.

The subjects that had come with Atticus were further along and the children who grew up in Illos knew no different but ultimately they needed to do more for a national identity to take hold, for a national purpose to be absorbed in their core being.

And it would be done through the creation of the story of Illos bounding everyone to something greater than themselves. Beyond simple loyalty to her and Atticus…

No…

It would be done through forging a united purpose towards destiny.

Overseer Laset spoke for a little while before the crew had been granted the opportunity to speak before Atticus flew down towards them.

He glided down towards the podium and as he landed, the crew and Overseer bowed towards him. The crowd quieted down to a hush as Atticus turned towards the crowd as he stood by the crew.

"Firstly, I want to congratulate the hardworking individuals within the Office of Space, the Overseer and the crew of Conatum Caeleste on a successful mission" Atticus said with his voice amplified in the stadium. The crowd gave a loud applause to his words.

The crowd settled as Atticus began to speak again "Yet, I must reserve a special moment for these seven crewmembers. Men and women who braved the uncertainty of the Void and faced their fear of the unknown with a strength that exemplifies what it means to be Illosian."

The crowd murmured slightly as Atticus turned to face the crew "And it is that why I am proud to award these pioneering men and women with the first ever Illosian Medals of Excellence for their bravery and commitment to Illos' values for progress and duty."

The crowd gasped at Atticus' words and murmurs rang around the stadium.

Atticus raised his hand and seven medallions began to float in a circle before they flew to each individual.

The crew thanked Atticus and she could see clearly the delighted faces at the honour they received and most of the crew held onto their medals tightly.

Atticus turned his gaze to towards the crowd which hushed again as he began to speak.

A smile grew slowly on her face as her eyes flickered across, her keen eyes watching the lower stands of the crowd with rapt attention even as Atticus spoke.

Human psychology was simple. For all of the institutions they were creating, one fundamental aspect about their kind was that the people followed the strong

There was a reason why they, and even the muggles, venerated kings like King Arthur even if he was a failure whom led to the destruction of his Kingdom.

A King…

A King was responsible for creating the right order…a manifestation of the divine ordering principles of the universe. A creation of a kind of energy, a King's energy.

The same kind of energy that Atticus was manifesting now, the same energy that was inspiring passion in their subjects with his inner authority that speaks to the bottom and centre of their souls.

She sees it in their faces, the onset of deep stirrings of passion that is slowly taking root in them as he acknowledges the worth of the crew of the ship and she sees his words opening up a craving within them, one that was primal and called upon the deepest parts within them.

"…yet we cannot forget where we started. How far we have come yet how far we must yet go." Atticus said as the crowd hushed at the tone of his voice.

"Many of you are outcasts in the magical world" Atticus continued, all eyes on him as he stood powerfully at the centre of the podium.

"Some of you were outcasts for your blood status or abilities with magic, others because it was deemed acceptable for you to be taken advantage of and the rest were left to wither and die by the ruling powers of the magical world." Atticus said, his voice rising and it caused murmurs to spring within the crowd.

"Yet!" Atticus said as he raised his hand, his hand forming into a fist until his index finger remained outstretched.

"You took a chance." Atticus' voice was lower but it was as if he stood right next to them. "A chance that was clouded by uncertainty yet you took it nonetheless by coming to Illos…a place you had knew nothing about, not even its name but you chose to come anyway because of the faith you bore me and what I had promised you." Atticus' voice picked up steam.

"I promised you prosperity and opportunities in such grandness that would make kings and emperors weep at their poverty in comparison to you."

"I told you I cared not for what bloodline you hailed from, if your magic was strong or if it was weak or not there at all, I only cared for your faith and your fidelity to me and my wife and to Illos itself and I told you that you would receive our faith and our fidelity in return!"

The stadium was deafening as they all stood silent but keenly focused on Atticus.

"And it has been a union that has had us grow leaps and bounds again and again and now…" Atticus trailed off as he stood imperiously, drawing in the attention of the crowd like moths to a flame "Here we stand, only five years later and as a nation, we have sailed through the Void and have stood on the Moon itself."

"For this is no accomplishment of only individuals but it is the accomplishment, the culmination of a peoples dream and purpose to strive for greatness and bringing the maxim 'we can do it for there is nothing we cannot do' into reality."

He turned around and gestured towards the crew.

"Alaric Studmore, a half blood from Wales and who only completed his OWLS at Hogwarts before he worked for half a decade as an extra hand at one of the hedge farms." Atticus said as he gestured towards the man clad in the thin spacesuit.

"Yet here he stands, only a decade later, having achieved the equivalent of a Mastery in Charms and having stood on the moon itself!" Atticus said loudly.

"This is a tale of success that is seen amongst all of the crew, that is seen all throughout our home, my people." Atticus said, his eyes roving across the crowd.

"We have magic within us, an unwavering companion that has stood with us since time immemorial and we must only believe we can do the impossible for nothing is impossible for those who are Illosian!" Atticus' voice was all encompassing, his voice permeating throughout the stadium.

The crowd were beginning to be roused at his words.

"We have risen above the foolish divisions that plague the magical world and we are rising to overcome the challenges the universe has set us. We have sailed through the Void and we have set our boots on the Moon." Atticus' voice picked up strength and the crowd responded to his energy.

"We will soon have our boots on Mars and climb atop Mount Olympus. We will gaze upon Saturn and we will walk on Jupiter's moons." Atticus said, his words sounding more like proclamations to the people who rose to their feet once more and shouted back words of agreement.

"We will learn with each step we take, we will understand more the further we can see and we will know how to use the universe's secrets for the greatness of Illos." The crowd were now incited by his words and their rapturous looks were impossible to miss.

"Our Stories were once singular but now our destiny is shared. We will craft the greatest fable known to the universe, my fellow Illosians, my brethren in magic. With each step we take, from one world to another, we draw nearer to our destiny of greatness."

"That is my new promise to you, my people! Have faith in Emily and I and our stories will never end!" Atticus said triumphantly as his arms climbed up.

"May Magic Light Our Way" Atticus thundered out.

"May Magic Light Our Way!" The crowd thundered back, belief etched on their faces as their words grew into a chant, into a mantra.

Her smile grew shadows of predation.

A King was always heard but a great King…?

A Great King could speak to their very souls.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 98 others
mosefboombox117
Dec 20, 2022
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 9 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Dec 26, 2022
Add bookmark
#134
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think! Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next three chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 9

3rd​ of April 1953 – Britain

Charlus Potter POV

The days after the last of the terrorist organisations had been captured had been hectic for the entirety of the Ministry and the DMLE received universal support and approval for their swift actions.

Despite the hectic atmosphere, things were considerably more peaceful despite Slytherin's speech that roused the public just when it seemed like things were beginning to die down.

From Diagon Alley to Horizon Alley, from Godric's Hollow to Hogsmeade, public assemblies were held in support of her message, of the need for a swift alteration of the government and the institutions that had ruled the Isles for centuries.

The public had more than enough of the constant unrest, death and incompetence, words that were often said at these assemblies, and that it was time for change.

It seemed like Slytherin's message had wormed their way into the hearts of the public sustaining a fire long ago lit that nothing could even begin to douse.

There was nothing he could do – not that he had a right or even wanted to. This was different to the wanton murder committed by terrorists and the rioting by the public.

Thankfully all of the assemblies had been peaceful, all seeking the same goal of elected representatives of the British magical public and he knew it was only a matter time before everything changed as demanded.

Not that they would face much opposition from the nobility and more than a few times Lords of historically prideful Houses such as the Malfoys, the Lestranges and the Parkinsons had gone and spoken to the assemblies and told them of their intent to see the changes put into place.

His brother had made it clear to him that he did not oppose the movement nor was he keen to join this Assembly of Lords that would be instituted as a separate branch of the government when the proposal had been made to him by a coalition of Lords from Ouroboros and the Traditionalist faction.

He had been unable to sway his brother to change his mind, to not let centuries of Potter influence wither on the vine but he had not been able to convince Fleamont.

His brother had always been a force for good within the Wizengamot and now that the public would be able to hold it accountable, he believed his own duty as a Potter to have been completed and would vote just as the commoners would do in the near future.

Fleamont believed that without the noble families filling every position within the Ministry the bigotry and the hatred that was rife within society and had hamstrung their world for centuries – and worse in recent years – would finally be addressed and resolved in a greater capacity than what the nobility would have been willing to.

In a way, he believed that Fleamont was simply fed up and was choosing to 'bow out' in this way instead of taking part of what would prove to be tumultuous at least in the near future whilst their form of government changed.

With Ouroboros – which was popular even more now as they were the first 'party' that went out and spoke directly to those assemblies – refashioning themselves as a political party open to the public, and several other groups beginning form, it was certain that with real power behind the vote of the public, greater rights and opportunities would be open to the public and that was enough for his brother.

Mostly he agreed with his brother, that this was a step towards the right direction that hopefully would address the schisms within the country, the schisms that Dark Lords and extremists had always used and found safe harbour in, yet there was a bitterness to it for him, one that ate away at his own misdoings with how it was coming to be…

That the prospect of a better future for everyone was coming to be despite the blood spilled, despite the hard work he'd put in to avoid such senseless death even to the point of betraying a friend just so that the tilt of unrest and burgeoning anger could be subdued before it escalated into a civil war as it once looked like it promised it would happen…

Still, most of the Progressives had not been of the same opinion as that of his brother and accepted the deal by the coalition and things moving towards the realisation of the first true elected ministry.

They realised enough that the situation was largely out of their control, as much of it had been since the Bombing, and in the wake of her speech amidst the clear shifting of loyalties of the Traditionalists towards the House of Slytherin, with many of its newly made Heads of Houses having been housemates with the woman at Hogwarts, disagreement would only leave them out of the new order that was being crafted.

It was a bitter pill for him to swallow, especially when he felt like she was taking advantage of the tragedy to suit her aims though he did not understand why Slytherin chose not be part of this new Assembly of her and her cohort's making nor why she chose to disappear now, now when her popularity and influence was at its highest.

It was that which that raised his hackles the most…and disturbed him in equal fashion with its similarities to how he had disappeared leaving behind a mess in his wake.

It had been on his mind – it had been on the minds of everyone – 'Where was Slytherin?'… and the only explanation given by Ouroboros was that she was seeing to some personal matters in India where she was invited to visit an obscure tribe of parselmouths.

Which he did not believe for a second.

Neither did Dorea or his brother.

She decided on the same eve of a speech that solidified the creation of a version of government that Atticus wanted to be formed to leave on personal matters to India?

He knew where she had gone…where he had often wondered he'd gone…

Atticus Sayre…

Even thinking that name brought up complicated feelings.

'Charlus...what I do, what I advocate for, all of it is for the better. This is the best option. History is inevitable…' Atticus once told him when Charlus had questioned Atticus' inflammatory actions and words that ultimately led to his exile.

Feelings of dishonour…of guilt…and that of anger.

He had time to consider all that had happened and all he could think was…

Had he Seen what was going to happen that night of the Bombing?

All the deaths that happened, all of the pain and sorrow that ripped through the Isles…through his beautiful Dorea's heart that had been taxed even further with the death of her sister at the hands of the terrorists…could all of this been avoided?

Atticus had seen the bombs that dropped on Japanese cities, bombs that shook the Magical World and made them realise of the threat posed by the muggles and how dire the situation might have turned had Grindelwald succeeded in his plot, Atticus had Seen the rise of the strange ideology gripping Eastern Europe and he'd Seen the rise of a looming Dark Lord that may sprout from the uneasy peace on mainland Europe.

He must have seen this, all of this death and the threat of the muggles.

Did he let this happen?

Hirahito had told him that Atticus warned him of the bombs and it let Hirahito save hundreds if not thousands of Japanese magicals from death.

…Why had he not warned them?

He did not want to believe that Atticus had Seen all of this, the threat of the terrorists and the muggles and the wanton murders, coming and remained silent.

He did not want to believe Atticus had become spiteful enough to allow hundreds of their people to die, many of whom were innocent. It was a hope, a desperate hope more than anything else.

Perhaps he was overthinking this, assigning blame to someone who had been assigned more blame than anyone else over the years especially by the very people who had turned the country into the disaster that it had become and it wasn't good company to keep.

Slytherin herself had still been in the Chamber that day and he did not believe that Atticus would put her at risk, not after the way he had seen how much Atticus loved her and to the extents Atticus had been willing to go to secure her place in Magical Britain in the negotiations…

Dorea reminded him that Atticus was not all-seeing, no one could be and Divination had its limits, that much they knew given what they had learnt over the years about the branch of magic

Charlus didn't know if he believed her entirely, not when he knew Dorea was deeply remorseful for what had led Atticus' exile but it had the sounds of truth when she reminded him that it was telling that what Atticus spoke of had been great events, things that echoed in magic and could be grasped by Seers.

She thought echoes hardly ever could be stopped and she referenced the famous tale of Oedipus or the prophecies of the ancient priestesses of Delphi as examples of such inevitabilities.

'I can't stop History…' those words he'd spoken on that day in France when he confessed about his Seeing abilities rang in his ears, again and again, words that were echoed in different ways in later years whenever they spoke, whenever they argued.

Dorea's words felt weighty and he was beginning to comprehend what Atticus had told him in France a decade ago.

Blood Purism had been on the rise and Britain, especially after the publishing of the origins of muggleborns, had been caught in its fervour. Thousands of muggleborns and half bloods had left since then as a consequence of the draconian ways they were being treated, several times worse than they had treated been in centuries passed.

Instead of creating commonality, it instead divided them even more. Europe had even a worse reaction to the Report and was splintering into worse factions than even before Grindelwald's rise even if much of it was also because of the vacuum of power left behind in the aftermath of the war.

And then there was the rumours of a powerful dark wizard on the continent…

Was all of this what couldn't be stopped as Atticus alluded to?

That conflicts were inevitable and that you were only able to change small details but never the event itself?

Prophecies of History that would always come to pass if only slightly different?

The Bombs had beaten muggle Japan in submission as Atticus predicted after killing hundreds of thousands of them and from what he heard from Hirahito, it seemed like the Russian muggles also had these kinds of bombs as well now.

Atticus' utterings of muggles holding the world hostage was becoming more and more real.

'I can't stop History…'

Those damnable words…

He had asked Atticus to stay and to do exactly that…to stop history…to avoid the future he'd seen that heralded war, chaos and strife.

To remain and build here, in Magical Britain, to bring about his vision of a home where prejudices and hatreds of the past were washed away by a sea of hope…

To remain and build a world that they could be proud of, inspired by the Hero of Britain to be better, a world where fairness and freedom was extended to all peoples without anyone impeding on their rights and their liberties…

The Isonomian Movement, the Order of the Phoenix or the unrest and distrust of the public never would have gotten as bad as it was now or even begun in the first place.

Charlus sighed internally.

…And had that not been what Charlus had stepped in the way of happening, first by trying to make Atticus stop what he was doing and then second by actively working against him, even going so far as betraying his confidence by letting Arcturus know of why Atticus was doing what he was doing before letting it slip that Atticus would rather leave than fight for his ideals when so much blood would be spilt in order to achieve it…

'I can't stop History…'

Those same words rang in his ears.

It had all been for nothing.

With bitterness on the tip of his tongue, he thought that all that he hoped to avoid, so many deaths, had happened anyway without his presence.

'I can't stop History…'

He had believed that Britain had not been ready for such sweeping changes, not when the ICW forced itself onto torn Europe that ripped out much of the nobility's power in a such a way that it frightened many of the nobility here.

Atticus had not recognised that, he had chosen not to heed his words of caution that Charlus believed more time was needed, that five years was not enough to bring about the future that he and Dorea and many others would want to unfold in Britain.

And so opposition had been greater even from the Progressives and Atticus' attitude had been coarse and undiplomatic, utterly certain in the righteousness of his cause and unwilling to compromise even a little which would have swayed enough support for at least some of the changes he was advocating for…

Atticus had used his power and influence irresponsibly and used domination and aggression instead of milk and honey to sway people in power and Charlus hadn't been able to abide the consequences of that.

It would have only ended in conflict and he had no desire to see his country torn as he'd seen so many European countries become just as he didn't wish to see his friend become a tyrant.

'I can't stop History…'

Had…all of this been necessary?

Was this truly unavoidable, this change in their world through blood and death?

In the end, Atticus had chosen to do as he said and left after five years when it became clear that only through war would he see his vision come to be.

A version of which was coming into existence anyway after the shedding of huge amount of blood, despite his efforts of keeping the peace, despite the efforts of Ministry and the Wizengamot and also because of their efforts that led to all this.

"What are you brooding for?" he heard and it broke him out of his thoughts as he looked up and towards the doorway.

Dorea walked in, a frown on her face.

He allowed himself to smile "Just considering all that's happened recently." He said to her.

She walked around the desk and grasped his face and looked him over "When's the last time you've slept?" she asked sharply.

He pulled her in and onto his lap and she let off a squeak as she dropped into his lap. "Why? Have you missed my presence in our bed so much?" he asked with a grin and wiggling eyebrows.

She gave a glare before it melted away and her hand trailed across the contour of his jawline "Not as much as you would like to believe." She teased, her eyes sparkling with mischief "I have liked the absence of cold feet in my bed."

He reared back with faux affront "My feet are never cold!"

She laughed "Not to you perhaps."

His look of affront morphed away into a teasing grin "They do say those with powerful minds tend to suck up blood away from other areas of the body."

She looked at him incredulously "Who says that?!" she asked with a laugh in her incredulity.

"I do" he said with a wink.

"Ah…I see." She said sagely before her lips twitched "Or it could that your blood is often used somewhere else" she said as she wriggled on his lap.

"At the moment, it definitely is." He said with a lustful tone as he captured the bottom of her chin with his hand and he moved his head towards her before kissing her. Her hands went towards the back of his neck and their kiss grew more passionate.

She broke it off minutes afterwards and pressed her forehead against his and he heard her hum contently though it sounded slightly off to him.

He reared his head back and looked at her. She looked up at him and smiled at him but it was completely happy.

"You're in a good mood." He said with a soft tone, not voicing his concerns as he looked at his wife with inspecting eyes. He knew she was still deeply saddened at the loss of her siblings and he knew how raw it had all been for her.

She smiled sadly "Druella's pregnant. I confirmed it today." She said to Charlus.

Charlus looked surprised "Already?" he asked

Dorea nodded "It's early days. Only six weeks along." She paused, hesitation clear on her face.

"What?" he asked softly.

She sighed. "They want to name the child if it's a boy Arcturus and if it is a girl they want to name it Cassiopeia." She smiled at him though there was something more in there, a kind of longing that went beyond simply naming the children after her late siblings "I felt touched that they were willing to name the child after either of them."

Dorea sighed "Life goes on." She whispered and she looked away from him.

"It does." Charlus after a few moments "And I think neither Arcturus or your sister would feel too aggrieved at being named after." He said with a light tone and Dorea huffed and let a small smile bloom on her face which fell away much sooner than he liked to see.

Charlus' finger went under Dorea's chin "Our time will come, Dor." He said to her softly.

"Will it?" she asked quietly. "It's been years now." She said to him, a hurt expression on her face.

How he wished he could give her what she wanted. He was desperate for it. Dorea always wanted to have children. A whole brood of them and he was more than happy to give them to her yet despite all of their efforts – which was plentiful – no child had yet been conceived.

The fact that his brother and his wife had yet to have a child was also something that weighed on him. He often wondered if there was something wrong with them, with the Potter men.

His parents had conceived Fleamont after nearly two decades of trying and Charlus had been a 'happy accident' that was completely unexpected.

"It will." He assured her. "My brother was conceived after decades and I well after that. It takes time but it will happen, I promise." He said to her with all the reassurance he could muster.

She smiled at him as she stroked his cheek. "I hope so." She whispered before she shook her head and looked at him again "You really look tired, Charlus. You won't be any good to your Aurors if you can't keep focus."

She cut him off before he could retort "And no, you know how bad constant use of those potions can be." She said as she stood up and held out her hand bearing an expectant look on her face "I'm a healer…I know these kinds of things." She said in a sage tone.

Charlus snorted before he smiled widely and took her hand. He pulled her in and he picked her up "What I know, dear wife, is that you are right and that I have been spending too much time away from you." His smile bore a teasing quality to it as he walked out of his office with her in his arms

"I think it's time we reacquaint ourselves" he said before he brought his head down and captured her lips in a passionate kiss.

They broke apart and Dorea's eyes were shining with mischief "I quite agree" she said with a happy smile.

The next day he was at the office and after a few hours it was time.

"Gents" Tiff began, his face stoic, his eyes searching.

Charlus stood by the Acting Director, his arms crossed as he looked at the assembled group of Aurors and Unspeakables.

This was going to be the largest assembly of cross departmental operation in well over a century and a half. It was a momentous occasion that would end the last threat to their world…and it was a threat that was rife with incredible risk.

"You have all been briefed as to what ails Magical Britain and suffice it to say, I cannot understate the threat that faces our people." Tiff said, his eyes hard and his voice as sharp as a blade's edge.

"With the support of the Unspeakables, we have discovered their far reaching insidious intent for our world and much of the problems we have faced in recent months – and perhaps years – has been because of their desire to subjugate us to their will." Tiff paused momentarily, his eyes carrying a flicker of fury that Charlus saw reflected in many of his Aurors.

"My question to you, gentlemen, are you ready to root them out and rid them of everything they have learned of us and magic?!" Tiff barked out.

"YES SIR" the Aurors roared out though the Unspeakable, hidden under their dark cowls of their hoods, remained silent.

"Good." Tiff said with an approving nod. Tiff looked to Charlus and inclined his head and so the meeting began with lining out their initial moves.

As it was, the Unspeakables had interrogated one of the leading spy leaders within the muggle government and uncovered many of their secrets.

He'd hoped Arcturus had been wrong…but it seemed, unfortunately, to be worse than his worst fears.

The muggles had taken inspiration of what Grindelwald had done for the German muggles and taken it even further.

Enchanted guns, bombs like the one detonated in the Wizengamot, omniculars and enchanted listening devices – which they found in several locations across busy streets all around the Alleys – and much much more.

It seemed like the muggles had left no stone untouched and it was the largest breach of the Statute since its founding in Magical Britain – and likely much of Western Europe. To say that they needed to contain this – and quickly – was pointless.

For the next few days, the combined group split into eight forces of thirteen and using intel from the Unspeakables, set about investigating each and every single military and research outpost of which there were several hundred.

They knew the locations of several of the facilities thanks to the interrogation but they needed to be as thorough as possible in finding every enclave before they started the operation in earnest.

With the readings from the magical nets set to high sensitivity, just under the level of War Time ward activation, they were able to senses minor perturbations of magic at several muggle military locations.

A number of these muggles were captured, interrogated with Legillimency and obliviated afterwards. From there they understood that the problem was not contained to the Isles.

The British muggles were using magic to spy on foreign muggles they deemed enemies, namely the Soviet Union, the French and the Germans.

They had to adjust their plans – which largely could be reduced down to obliviating every single muggle about magic and imprisoning the traitors to Magical Britain – so that this problem could be removed entirely.

Two of the teams were assigned in combing through the readings of the magical net of any perturbations of magic within the Isles that was not registered as a known enclave or land owned by magical families. A task force would investigate at a later date.

It was several days later that they had compiled enough information that they began the operation in earnest, aiming to hit each facility at the same time including the information the Unspeakables had gathered about the bases on islands just outside the magical nets.

He did not know how they came into that knowledge but he felt gladdened that they were working them in earnest. He doubted they would have gotten this far without their aid.

And it was in one of those meetings that the Unspeakables came forth and provided their most useful aid in the battles to come

"This" One of the Unspeakables, Sidwell said as he held up a black gauntlet "is the Aegis Gauntlet" He placed it on the table.

Charlus stepped forward and picked it up, his eyes carefully roving over it. He saw faint golden incredibly small runes etched onto the surface "And what is this for?"

"Protection." Sidwell said plainly as he looked over the Aurors who began to crowd around Charlus.

Charlus looked up and met Sidwell's gaze. "Countermeasure against their weaponry?" Charlus asked.

"Yes. The weapons we confiscated from some of the guards" Sidwell let a hint of a smirk pass through his normally expressionless face "and replaced them with defunct replacements that shouldn't raise any bell charms without examination" his expression returned to its default state though it seemed graver

"Have shown that they are very potent towards us."

Charlus looked at the gauntlet before he gave it to one of the senior Aurors and set his gaze back at the Unspeakable. "Explain."

Sidwell continued "Their weapons are enhanced to be shield penetrating. Most of the enchantments are aimed at penetrating standard shields by the Auror department which are effectively the most used shield by any competent magical that is adept at combat magicks."

Charlus lips thinned.

He already knew that the guns of the muggles were going to be highly problematic which was why they were intent on dealing with this in as much a clandestine fashion as possible. But what they discovered so far was that the chances of everything going smooth was going to be unlikely to say the least considering some of the defences around a few outposts.

A sharp sound made him twist around with the tip of his wand crackling.

A shield, a shield that seemed to be physical yet not popped into existence in front of the Auror who put it on.

"Auror Marshall" Charlus barked out in a deadly tone and the Auror unconsciously straightened out even as his eyes were wide in panic.

"S-sir, I-I don't know it would do this" the senior Auror said, trying to defend himself.

"The fact that you put it on without knowing what it does makes me think you are ill-suited to be a Auror candidate, let alone a senior Auror" Charlus said in a cold voice "Never activate or even touch an object that is clearly charmed. This is covered in basic training."

"Sorry, sir. Won't happen again sir." The Auror said in a contrite voice, his face reddening.

"Don't take it off" Sidwell said "May as well use this as a teaching moment." He said as he stepped forward and banged his fist against the shield which gave out a sharp sound. "This shield is just as physical as it is magical. It is capable of withstanding the most devastating dark cutting and slicing magicks and it is capable of withstanding against fast moving objects like bullets, even enhanced bullets."

"It is capable of changing shape" he turned towards Marshall "Think of the shield extending around you like a bubble" he told the Auror and a look of concentration came across the man's face and the shield altered to form around him like a bubble.

"And the shield can measure fast moving objects within a fifty metre radius and is capable of activating in less than a fraction of a fraction of a second independent of the actions of the user." Sidwell turned to Charlus.

"We have made enough for everyone in the taskforce. I highly recommend its use for the duration of the operation." Sidwell said as one of the other Unspeakables came forward with enough for the entire taskforce.

"Unfortunately, they only come in black" the young Unspeakable said, his obscuring black hood falling and Charlus recognised him.

"Rockwood." Charlus said with a hint of surprise in his voice. Not all of the Unspeakables presented themselves outside of the famous cloaks that obscured them. He'd seen a number of Unspeakables without it but most of them had their identities protected.

"Ah you remember me." Rockwood said with a wicked smirk as he waved his wand and created stands for the Gauntlets before he floated them towards it.

Of course Charlus would remember him. A close confidante of Slytherin and someone he'd met more than a few times at Sayre Manor. He had not known him to be an Unspeakable. He had thought Rockwood had worked in his family's IMP paper.

"Now" Sidwell said, recapturing Charlus' attentions. "Shall we plan now with the gauntlets in mind?"

They would be using aerosol potions – the same potions they used in the war – to thin the enemy at the muggle bases. They wanted to limit the deaths of muggle as much as possible. Not out of kindness but out of pragmatism. The quieter this affair was dealt with, the quicker they could move on.

Of course that also meant that the central command buildings in London were the highest value targets and where the aerosol potions would be used to its highest extent by flooding the buildings with the odourless and colourless gas.

They had to take out the leaders of the organisation as quickly and smoothly as possible and the Unspeakables would be primarily leading that mission.

They would scour the entire building top to bottom and interrogate the muggles for every drop of information along with the names and locations of the agents outside of the Isles before removing every bit of information about magic and the magical world from their minds

Only then would they move towards dealing with the muggle Royals who had started all of this.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

7th​ of April 1953 – London

Christopher Cameron POV

The tenseness in the room was palpable.

Several of the top brass in Secret Intelligence Service were present as were he, Johnston and a few other members of M-Division just as there were a few of the magicals who worked with the science teams.

"John Smith has been officially declared MIA" One of the brass, Mr Cook, stated with a dead voice as his cool eyes swept the room.

Cameron tensed slightly and Cook continued "With the disappearance of Underhill as of this morning, it is become clear that our operation has been compromised."

"But we have not heard anything from the other side." One of his fellow muggleborns commented. "Nothing has been heard, either in the public or in the Ministry itself where we do have some contacts."

Cook turned towards the man "That only means that they are not as stupid as intel had suggested they were." Cook said with a condescending tone.

Cook's blue eyes swept across the room, his finger pressed deeply into the table "Make no mistake, at present we have moved towards highest readiness rate and we are expecting imminent attacks on our country." Cook's eyes flittered towards their magical side across the table.

"With the likelihood of Underhill having been captured and Smith killed, this means most locations of our supernatural development and research facilities are compromised."

Cook paused for a moment and the tenseness in the room only became more constricting "Operation Haven has begun" Cook declared and just like that, things had moved to dire straits.

It was hours later, with post haste, that things were progressing towards movement of people and equipment out of the bases and towards Isle of Scilly, Shetland and Orkney.

Places where there was no magicals and places where they suspected the magical net would not be able to pick up on their activities if they were employ them. Much of what they knew about the magical net had been from information gained from their contacts in the Order of the Phoenix and from Underhill himself.

He arrived on the Isle of Scilly with most of his compatriots from the M-Division via illegal portkeys along with most of their equipment and research.

"Do you really think Cook is right?" Harris asked him as they walked on the tarmac in windy conditions, one of the muggleborns recruited just eighteen months ago.

"Doesn't matter if he's right or not." Cameron said with a side glance at the young man. Most of the muggleborns that went to Hogwarts in the past six years were far more educated in magical culture and they often were granted opportunities in Hogsmeade or in the town that popped up near it.

Despite the hardships many muggleborns had suffered, these younger generations were protected from such attacks on their rights and with the way it sounded, Hogwarts had become a small lighthouse in a dark sea and wherever it touched its light had become safe from most of the prejudices and the vileness of the wizards.

And it made many of the muggleborns more grateful than they ought to be.

It made their recruitment of young muggleborns difficult which was unfortunate given that the younger generation still had their connections from Hogwarts so they were specifically targeted for recruitment as they would be able to 'coach' these young people on how to maintain these relationships.

It ended up being that most of their recent recruitment had been contained to bitter men in their thirties or forties who were not ideal as they tended to be more apart from Magical British society.

They were not the best of anything and it wouldn't harsh to call them disappointments of limited use to the intelligence game. Most of the folk with potential had long since left for America and the others were not the right profile to approach.

Still, they did manage to recruit a large number of Squibs, managing to recruit several hundred over the years through painstakingly checking through decades old records at orphanages of children suddenly abandoned at age eleven or younger.

Many of whom did not remember but enough did and given that many had served in the war, it was easy enough to recruit them for the army group that worked with them.

"It's happening and that's all we need to know." Cameron glanced at Harris "All you need to know." He said with a pointed look.

Harris looked a bit affronted but said nothing else and they walked the rest of the way in silence. Not everyone knew what Haven really was. Most of his colleagues thought it was a purely defensive posture.

That was not the case.

For years, they worked on how to deal with the illegal government of the magicals – and the people themselves. Ever since Queen Mary, the last of the monarchs that the magicals had sworn personal allegiance to, the opinion towards their non-magical fellows had only turned for the worst.

They saw them as less than human and he knew that many of them considered the non-magicals lesser than even a niffler which still bore the torch of magic.

In truth…he could understand their thinking even if he despised utterly.

They – he included – were born with power.

Power that they could use to alter the world to give them whatever they want. How could power – magic – not be so corrupting?

With this kind of power came with the freedom to act as you pleased, to do what you pleased. Humans could be capricious and they saw the evidence of such unfettered evil by Hitler and the Nazis.

He did not believe that they were all influenced by the Dark wizard Grindelwald and what he learnt from the trials since, he was sure that many of them had done such evils willingly.

Despite being Christians, despite having been taught the teachings of Christ.

Even with such a moral compass, people were fallible to evils and magicals, the vast majority of which did not live by the teachings of Christ whose morals were aspirations to live to, did not have such a compass and this…caricature of a society was proof of it.

And that is why they all knew that these people would always be hostile to non-magicals, people who they looked down upon at best and who would resist any laws and restraints put on them for the betterment for all of Britain.

They could not be reasoned with, not without sufficiently cowing them like they'd done to the Irish once upon a time.

Of course, they had learnt from their lessons and they knew that repressing people who could apparate across the entire length of the country without much difficulty would never work, not truly.

It was why Operation Haven had a more sinister part to it, one that horrified him yet he feared it might be necessary.

Cameron clenched his teeth. He bottled up the feeling of guilt.

There was nothing he could do to change their minds, he knew this.

Mass arrests, detention camps and executions without trials were all on the table in this operation should the conflict escalate.

The first part of the war would be to strike indiscriminately at their base of operation…The Ministry of Magic.

Much of the current magical research had been geared towards developing military technology and espionage equipment partly because of the looming red threat from the East and of course to keep a closer eye on the more rebellious individuals within their country.

And from that military research, a terrifying weapon was created.

Not an atom bomb, no, such weapons could not be detonated on British soil, but instead a weapon that could have its explosion directed in a single direction instead of the omnidirectional pattern of bombs. Expansion of superheated air, materials and chemical reaction would all be turned into a single direction, though a magical field that directed it all into a single direction.

It would be turned directly downward towards the Ministry of Magic above the ground and it would annihilate it all killing everyone there. It was a brutality that he despised but he knew that to avoid this from dragging out for years…it might become a necessity to use.

Even if they had no government to speak of, everything in Magical Britain was controlled, monitored and directed from there. It held every single institution barring education and health.

One strike and it would drastically reduce capabilities of the wizards to strike back.

He also knew that the magicals would respond violently once they figured out what was happening and it was something that he knew bothered many of his bosses as it should.

They had records on what the most powerful of wizards could do and whilst they had a profile on those the public knew to be powerful, there were still many in the Isles that they knew little about.

It was happening too soon. They had hoped for many more years to recruit, to discover where everyone lived and much more.

Cameron shook his head.

He pushed all of it out of his mind. He had more urgent things to do for now.

The rest of the day fell away sooner than he thought possible and soon enough he fell asleep.

He awoke to explosions and gunfire, and his hand went to his gun under his pillow when his eyelids smacked open. He rose from his bed, wielding his gun in one hand and his wand in the other. The door to his barracks smashed open and he very nearly fired but gratefully he didn't.

"Harris." He barked out furiously at the shaking younger man. Another explosion rocked the base whilst the constant gunfire seemed unending in the background.

"Sir, we're under attack." Harris said shakily, his hand clutching his wand feverishly.

Cameron bit back a scathing response and he waved his wand and his clothes untransfigured back into his uniform whilst his socks returned into being boots.

"The wizards?" Cameron asked grimly as he walked towards Harris who quickly vacated the doorway.

"Yes sir!" Harris said as he quickly locked stepped with Cameron. "I haven't seen them yet – I only woke up now but the guards were shouting about it"

Cameron gritted his teeth. How did they manage to find them so soon?!

They arrived at the front of the base and it was chaos. Most of the front section of the base had been destroyed and he saw many of the forces crumpled down.

He saw his compatriots from the M-Division duelling with the strangely attired wizards – stranger than the robes they usually wore – and backed up the soldiers though from what he could see, they were not as effective as they should be.

'The wizards shouldn't be able to last this long' he thought to himself.

He ran towards one of the men crouched behind a burnt out vehicle who seemed to try and use one of the mobile radios. The man looked up and had a frantic look on his face as he pulled out his gun. "Friendly, Friendly!" Cameron shouted angrily and the man halted for a moment and look a good look and recognised him.

The soldier gave a jerky nod before returning his attentions to his radio.

"Have you contacted them yet?" Cameron asked amidst the backdrop of gunfire and spellfire. He stood up a little and looked over the hood of the vehicle and took long moments to really grasp what was happening. He was perplexed when he saw the magicals behaving oddly. They were working in groups with strange shields that he missed the first time with how see through they were yet they were capable of shrugging off the enchanted bullets and curses with ease.

Which should be impossible! The bullets were more powerful and faster than anything before yet in some instances he saw that the shields pop up faster than anything he'd ever seen before.

This wasn't good…this wasn't good at all.

The wizards had come prepared and it felt him with dread.

They also seemed to be throwing grenades that did little but give out a mild flare of light. 'Did they try and replicate explosive grenades and was this the outcome?' he thought with a frown and he didn't understand why they weren't casting lethal spells from what he could observe even against his fellow muggleborns.

"No! There is too much interference" the soldier said frustrated as he frantically tried to work the radio "I don't understand, it was working fine a few hours ago." The soldier looked up at Cameron with a suspicious look on his face "The supernaturals must have done something."

Cameron scowled before he waved his wand over the radio "It should be protected against magic, the cover's made out of lightened lead." They found that mild applications of magic did not short electronics and a lot of their devices were enchanted with this feather-light lead covers that protected it from magic rich environments. At least until they figured out a way to make them work without the covers.

"I don't understa…" Cameron stopped as he began to feel light-headed. The soldier in front of him began to look like two people until the soldier collapsed and Cameron began to realise what was happening.

He stumbled like a newborn calf, his legs feeling more like strings which how much they wobbled and he walked away from the shelter the burnt out vehicle provided.

Everything was hazy, everything seemed to twist and circle around as if he was left unanchored yet he could see enough, he could understand enough how bad everything was turning out.

He only just noticed now as well, the gunfire that had been persistent was almost silent, a few smatterings that died out a few seconds after he noticed and the spell fire was all gone.

"Ah, got a live one here boss!" he heard as he stumbled to the ground desperately fumbling his portkey

"H-h-heaven a-and e-e-earth" he rasped out but the portkey didn't activate.

One of the came up to him and he could barely keep his eyes open.

He saw a wand pointed at him "Night night, traitor." Was the last thing he heard before a red flash was all that he saw before he knew no more.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

17th​ of April 1953 – Belva Hallos Terminal, Illos

He waited with his arms behind his back, attired in navy blue with braided silver and purple lines around the circumference of his Rosi – the formal attire version of Losi, the chosen Illosian clothes – sleeves and around the top of his wingtip collar.

The plaza, made of out silver grey polished stone and fitted with tall square pillars that glistened under the soft light of the Orbs which broke through the arched windows that ringed around the domed roof, was still empty, still unused yet its time would come, he thought as he glanced around at the black stoned rings that just waiting to be activated.

Belva Hallos would be the beating centre of international trade and travel, connected to international ports and stations of Ministries within the alliance that would be built.

It was not something new of course, this idea of instant or near instant travel from one place to another across thousands of miles, Floo travel had existed for centuries after all yet it was uncomfortable and expensive. Expensive because of all the regulations that were tied into it and its strict control.

Floo-pow was the only licensed company in the entire magical world that could manufacture it and it was enforced by the ICW under series of treaties practically ensuring long distance travel was a rarity for those who were middle class or below.

Uncomfortable because of the travelling mechanism.

The Powder was, in truth – like much of magical invention, an ingenious way of doing things incompletely. The Floo network was the ingenious part of the entire method of travel, a series of networks that crisscrossed the world along the paths of leylines and used its energy to 'propel' individuals across distance through the floo powder fires which were stable agents that encompassed the individual as they travelled towards their destination like a vessel in a vacuum chute where instead they used the properties of the green fire instead of pressure and suction for motion.

It was a missed opportunity, in truth…the idea that you could wake up in Paris and go to work in Kyoto before making it back in time for a late lunch in London or Barcelona was something he was keen to use as a way to bind many of these Ministries in his alliance.

The Gate Network would start here on Illos and it would connect throughout the Magical World, first here on Earth and then later throughout their domain within the galaxy, hopefully.

They had built enough security measures into the gates that it will prevent tampering and others from finding out this method of travelling independently. He and Emily had figured out the mechanisms of the Fidilius Charm in its entirety and secrets no longer had to be singular to be held in the soul.

Not only that, they found a way to 'dampen' interest in figuring out the roots that connected to the secret and in instance, the roots of the secret were dimensions and how to use them to reduce distance.

They could anchor the secrets in powerful magical mediums instead of souls and Mithril would be those anchors. They anchored the roots to Gate Rings to a Mithril Anchor so they were covered there and he knew they would use it again.

There was some knowledge that should not be allowed to be discovered by those who'd use it against them and their interests.

Soon enough, the guest of honour – and his guards – arrived and Atticus strode slowly towards the man shadowed by several of Illosian Guards.

Atticus met the gaze of the wrinkled old man, ancient eyes that were powerful and old with wisdom gained with the struggles and experiences of life.

He looked at him closer and saw the infinite streams of magic, the strands of magic that permeated the universe, in this plaza, bent slightly around him, around the calm blue and wisteria hued coil of magic that was within the aged man.

There was a peace in the man's magic that he seldom saw, the only one who had surpassed it had been the Monk in India and the ones who mirrored it were the monks in Tibet.

« Shogun Ieyasu-san » Atticus said in Japanese and with a deep nod of respect.

There were few people that deserved such acts.

He was small, an elderly man with grey white hair aged gracefully despite his hundred and ninety-nine years of age, yet his wisdom and dignity was something that Atticus deeply respected, envied and hoped he attained someday.

Knowledge was great but wisdom?

That was priceless and years ago in his time in Japan, however brief it may have been, he had come to appreciate that truth after meeting the man.

Of course, he would not allow it to impede his judgement today. After all…this was a meeting of rulers and there was little mercy in matters between rulers.

The Japanese Emperor may have stripped this man – and his clan – of the right to be the Emperor's voice in Magical Japan, to be the shoguns of Japan, but it was irrelevant when the Japanese magicals had all but viewed this man as their ruler.

The elderly man's chuckle rumbled in his throat "Lord Sayre-san" the aged man said respectfully back in Latin, a kind smile on his face as he bowed his head slightly.

Soon enough, they left, descending down the wide sets of stairs and into the platform out was carved out of the small mountain opposite Mount Celestis ringed by the familiar sight of gleaming silver-grey metal that cradled Illos.

Atticus watched Ieyasu without watching as they travelled across Illos above the hilly rocks and the rich green plans and his lack of reaction was expected.

He'd Seen the man extracting every last bit of information from the delegates that had arrived on Illos, watching it all again and again in a pensieve, learning and gleaming things that might not have been obvious at first.

He returned his focus on the scenery below as they travelled through the luxurious black sky-limo, one reserved for important dignitaries such as Ieyasu, and watched the changing landscape.

He knew what the man would ask, hoped he would ask. He'd seen every possibility he could of this visit, a visit he considered a pivotal point of the ideal future.

Like curves in a river, this was a bend that would lead the magical world towards a path would lead to the least amount of bloodshed and the quickest road to stability.

As his eyes scanned the lush lands of Illos, as they flew past the tall silver grey stoned buildings that were being filled more and more as the seasons passed, he only could only think of what it meant for his people and the rest of Magical-Kind.

He and Emily strove to better the Magical World yet the path they influencing in the world on was one of strife, agitated and pushed along on invisible threads with their blood soaked hands…sometimes quite literally.

Their good was riddled with specks of ruby red blood, like metals made stronger with the introduction of other elements yet at the same time he feared they introduced more impurities as they forged a stronger world, a stronger people…

Knowing that to clean out the impurities, as they planned on their original course, it would require them to be harsher, to hammer it out and to put so many of them in hotter, sweltering fires to make impurities rise to the top out of its inner structures and beaten away was something that he did not wish to do more than necessary.

It was why this could be a way, a better way that didn't leave them with entire broken peoples of the Magical World and instead with core peoples who would stand with Illos as eternal allies whilst they rebuilt the rest and integrated them into the society of the future.

The future was never set he knew that intimately. Like a thrown dice in mid-air, every possible possibility would remain in existence until it no longer did in the now.

And in that vortex of possibilities, their plans were often changing, shifting, finding and closing new routes towards their desired place in the galaxy.

And in that understanding, one thing that was becoming more obvious than not, was the necessity of compassion.

Not mindless compassion, compassion that was blind and given unrestrained…no, a compassion that came from strength and humility and cooperation.

Much of he and Emily did, lacked this type of compassion in their drive to create the greatest civilisation in existence. Compassion for other cultures and peoples who were worth preserving, who knew that it was worth preserving and would fight for its preservation.

Were the Slitharahans not worth preserving?

Did they need to be lost in the sea of Illosian culture entirely?

As they travelled the world, their perspective had changed over the years. It was a shift of understanding that was valuable and set them on their current path.

They had met numerous cultures that were in harmony with their surroundings, who lived without strife and violence with the way their culture had grown and for people such as they, like the Slitharahans who lived in peace and harmony for thousands of years, to murder their culture was a crime that he and Emily did not wish to do.

They were cruel, yes, they were ruthlessness without doubt but they were not malicious nor were they without understanding or appreciation.

Destroying everything was not the only way to achieve their goal of a single great civilisation and such beliefs and actions may even unravel what they sought to build in the first place. It did not need to be homogenous and they would lose much of what made their world so special as they had learned in their travels nor would destruction be necessary for their people to rise to heights he wished them to reach.

Illos would be a beacon to the Magical World, its centre, the capital of a great civilisation, but no longer would it be all that there was.

A union of people that built towards an empire.

Perhaps it had taken a toll, he mused to himself, wondering if this feeling of introspection was because of the strife they were letting happen to many innocents, present and future, strife that could be excised with simplistic swiftness, like taking shearing scissors to withered branches on the vine to save the plant from succumbing to infection.

Having the ability to traverse through the threads of Time, along the wibbly wobbly possibilities that closed and reopened with each action, reaction and change in people, environment and more, did not make it easier on him, not when he saw possibilities of his own actions that could lead to these broken peoples not existing.

Still, much of what was happening was not of their doing, not entirely.

Like constant momentum in frictionless space, things were already headed towards where it was going now even without their meddling. Plans and plots and ambition and rage and hatred already existed, finding ample nurturing soil to take root in a post-war climate left unresolved and exacerbated by uncomfortable truths.

Like the ebb and flow of the tide, Dark Lords and rhetoric were cyclical in the magical world, humming and thrumming along the music of power and magic sung into the world, a world where heritage and power and entitlement were core identities to magicals.

This was only the most recent rising tide.

And, despite the regret he felt, it would be the last rise once they broke these cultures caught in this cycle of their own designs, this music that ensnared them to live and die only to live again and to die again to the tune of this unchanging wretched song.

And in the wake of these broken cultures, earth would be soiled and wet, ready and eager for new seeds to be planted into its upturned ground for Illosian ideals, beliefs and hope to take hold and spring into new growth that should last into infinity.

Much of their actions revolved around assassination of opposing individuals who were able to provide opposition to the sweeping shadows, who could delay the new conflict longer but would do so at a higher cost causing the conflict to spiral out and merely pave the way for the next cycle which may end up with greater ramifications for the Magical World in the wake of the muggles' march into advancement.

Innocents who were not innocents but more innocent than guilty.

Cassiopeia was one of these opposing individuals whose hatred ran deep and who could have posed a deeper problem in Magical Britain, upending much of their progress there with her adeptness with uncovering secrets and swaying people to her way of thinking, like doubtful Charlus who was a hub of connections who could set about unravelling the threads that would bound Magical Britain to Emily's path.

Their deaths were for a better purpose and he had solace in that truth.

Just as the end result of this visit would result in a better path for that same purpose.

For the next few days, he toured with Ieyasu throughout Illos and let the old man gain an understanding of what they were building on his own. With men like Ieyasu, it was better to show than it was to tell, to let him gleam what he needed to in order to appreciate both positions and what was on offer.

And it was becoming clear what was on offer for Ieyasu…and he was going to press harder to make sure the right outcome was reached.

It was on the fourth day that Atticus took him to the lands below of Illos, to the lands that touched heavily with magic from the anchoring obelisks and warmed to tropical conditions.

Ieyasu's eyes fell on the ginormous underbelly of Illos, the gleaming silver grey metal that was alight by a single orb that hung below in the air, that blotted out the sun and the sky seemingly stretching kilometres high in an endless stretch.

« Where are we? » Ieyasu said, his voice calm but Atticus felt the man's peace dither as the old man began to understand the scale of what Illos was.

« A place distant from civilisations » Atticus said with a smile in his voice as they stood at the base of a hill amidst that obscured their vision forward though it was clear that most of the lands surrounding the few hills was flat and brimming with tall grass.

« I see. » Ieyasu said with a glance at Atticus before his eyes roved around « I had thought you might have found an island far south given how different the stars are. Further perhaps than Australia. »

Ieyasu's eyes looked up again « It seems that I have been wrong. » Ieyasu said and Atticus knew that the man was troubled.

Ieyasu turned towards Atticus, his eyes sharper and his intent changed. « You built this? » he waved his hand towards Illos « With your wife alone? » he asked, scepticism in his voice.

« I did. » Atticus confirmed, their gazes meeting. « It was not easy nor do I expect anyone else to be capable of it, at least any time soon » Atticus said with a gleam in his eyes « But yes, we built an island for our people that can sail the sky just as easily as a boat sails the sea »

Their gaze held for several seconds before Ieyasu nodded and turned his gaze towards the underbelly of Illos.

« I understand » Ieyasu said, his expression relaxed but Atticus knew the paths narrowed now with those two simple words.

Atticus smiled at the elderly man before he waved the man on to follow him.

Atticus' hands were behind his back as they walked up the hill and soon enough they arrived at the top. Before them was vast plains of tall grasslands that seemed to stretch endlessly into the distance.

And in those vast plains of Antarctica, plains were filled with vegetation – and more – that was plucked from tropical regions around the world.

This place, kilometres below the underbelly of Illos was a playing ground, of a sort.

It was not easy to engineer environments, even with magic, and it was here that many of those who built the habitats on Illos practiced their craft.

They would go and learn what made up jungles, plains and forests around the world, see how magic and nature and animal life interacted, and apply what they learnt here before moving on to building the habitats there.

Much of the soil, rocks and even mountains had come from here. The soil on Illos was fairly deep but it was not enough to use to create habitats that were kilometres in diameter.

The experience his people gained would serve well in the future when they were on distant worlds. After all, he did not expect all the worlds to be completely or even slightly habitable in their new home system.

In the distance, by the Great Lake, there were enormous animals that grazed in herds and their incredibly long necks towered over the grasslands.

Ieyasu frowned at the sight of the creatures. « I have not heard of them or read description of these animals. » Ieyasu said.

Atticus' smile grew just a minute amount as he turned his gaze towards the animals.

« That is because they are extinct. Had been extinct for many many years. » Atticus said as he stared at the majestic creatures. Extinct for tens of millions of years.

Out of curiosity, one time, he had looked into what the Ancient Humans had uncovered about the megafauna of Earth. Moira's records had no information prior to the rediscovery of Earth by their people.

The Ancient Humans believed that they had left Erda Tyrene during the infancy of their own civilisation millions of years ago and nearly all that they uncovered about the history of the animal life in that era was long lost to history.

Yet during their rediscovery of Earth, amongst the archaeological findings of ancient Ancient Human civilisation, they also catalogued the biological history of life on Earth. It was through looking DNA of recently extinct animals and existing animals that they discovered the truth that Earth had been likely where Humanity had started.

Of course, they could only go so far in history especially given how fragile DNA was but they had discovered enough human remains and other mammalian animals to determine that Earth was likely the Cradle of humanity.

He stared at the massive creatures that roamed the grasslands, tens of millions of years later when all of other versions of their species had died.

Dinosaurs…dinosaurs had always captured his imagination…and the imagination of countless of other people, adult and child alike. They were beings of near fantasy, beings of incredulity and awe they all wondered about and marvelled at.

Compared to dragons, to phoenixes and to hippogriffs, these dinosaurs were mundane excepting their size yet they had an unmistakably powerful presence.

They had been Kings of Earth in their time and even the few species resurrected had that air about them.

One of them brayed and it was a high pitched sound, an odd sound that was familiar and yet not, like hearing a language that was phonetically English but the words were wrong.

These Brachiosauruses sounded like birds but not. Like Elephants but not.

He shook his head internally. To think that all of this happened because he was merely curious about dinosaurs.

DNA had a half life of five hundred years.

From the Ancient Human records, half life of DNA varied from world to world even if they were carbon based but for the most part, DNA across the human empire at the time had a half life of roughly five hundred to a thousand years and after every thousand or two thousand years, seventy five percent of genetic information is lost.

After six to eight million years, every single base pair is gone.

The Ancient Humans did not entertain notions of resurrecting extinct animals and their technology offered very little assistance in bringing back species that were as un-resurrect-able as dinosaurs.

There was little purpose to it after all.

From what he could understand, there was massive biodiversity anyway in the galaxy, sentient and not, and to expel resources and time to resurrect beings that were while interesting but ultimately nothing quite unique, was not something the Ancient Humans did or approved of.

Especially since their interpretation of the Mantle of Responsibility did not allow for such things.

It was a good thing that he cared not about what they might or might not approve of.

However, they were very, very adept at biological science and though he found nothing that hinted that they cloned people, the technologies were more than capable of it.

Of course it needed DNA to start with…something even the most well preserved bones would lack after millions of years.

An issue that he and Emily had spent half a decade trying to figure out intermittently. Her own talents in flesh crafting had flourished in that time, especially when it came to the more…necromantic elements of things.

Honestly, she was becoming rather brilliant when it came to creating life. The Seelie were a brilliant example of using mostly non-biological material to craft sentient life.

After they managed to obtain full skeletons of three species of dinosaurs, they worked on figuring out how to bring them back to life and it was something that stumped them for nearly a year until he remembered that the Forerunners had devolved humanity.

Whilst the Ancient Humans were not that capable in biological science, they were capable of 'winding back time' genetically speaking and create models.

A few hundred chickens, crocodiles and various other reptiles and birds later, they got enough data for an arithmantic basis to start working on a ritual to at least capture the likeness of dinosaurs.

To truly bring them back was something beyond magic and science but to bring back a version of these magnificent creatures?

Well that was possible, he thought as he stared at the animals.

He didn't think it mattered if they weren't truly the 'real' dinosaurs and were basically cousins to reptiles and chickens instead of their ancestors, not when they looked the part.

For now, they only had Homaphales and Stegosauruses as well but he hoped by the time they left Earth they would be able to bring back more of the megafauna.

Atticus turned to Ieyasu who bore a sharp look in his face and smiled slightly at the older man "We are not only interested in life as it exists now. With great difficulty, we managed to revive some long dead animals." Atticus said in Latin, looking back at the grasslands.

A head with a bulbous armour plate looked up from the several metres long grass.

"Why would you choose to do so?" Ieyasu questioned, his gaze following the smaller creature and its offspring. He turned to Atticus, an inspecting look on his face "Are you not concerned about the sanctity of the cycle of life?" He turned back towards the creatures.

"Even if it regretfully meant permanent disappearance of such curious beings?"

"Our people are growing to understand more and more about the majesty of life just as I am." Atticus replied easily "What is life but life trying to further itself?" Atticus waved towards the beings "We live, we procreate and we die. These beings might have died out completely once but life – us – have brought them back."

Atticus met Ieyasu's gaze "How is that not life simply following what its always done, even if the details are different?" Atticus said with a humorous tone in his voice.

Ieyasu shook his head "That is a strange way to see it."

"It is." Atticus agreed before he grew more serious "Yet I find it a good way to see life. Magic has always flourished when life is plentiful. To use magic to make life flourish is in my opinion one of the greatest application of it."

Ieyasu said nothing to that though from what Atticus could sense, he did not disagree, at least not completely. And Atticus was fine with that.

It was a few days later that they were at his home on Mount Celestis, away from the Main Tower and the city itself, having opting a less formal setting for the final talks to be finally conducted.

All of the trade agreements and terms of Japan's membership in the organisation – which is yet to be named – were already agreed in principle by the delegates and by Ieyasu.

Yet with what he had shown Ieyasu, he knew that the terms would change.

Just as he hoped.

They sat by the back gardens of Sayre Manor, alone without their guards, the view of the cities and the growing nature in the distance a serene setting that fitted the current atmosphere.

"You have built something wonderful Atticus-san." Ieyasu said.

Atticus gave him a hint of smile before he turned his gaze towards Celestis city.

"It was not done alone."

"Nothing truly is." Ieyasu agreed before he looked at Atticus with an introspective expression "Yet most of it was done with yours and your wife's hands, was it not?"

Atticus turned to Ieyasu "That is true. Emily and I built the country alone at first but life was brought with the aid of others."

Ieyasu hummed before he grasped his tea with both of his hands and gently brought it to his lips, a gentle blow exiting his lips before he sipped on the camomile tea.

Ieyasu hummed again as he brought the tea down and met Atticus' gaze "A feat that is unheard of yet not unexpected, not entirely."

"Oh?" Atticus said with a curious glint in his gaze.

They both knew that he was referencing Himiko, the shaman queen of Yamatai just as they both knew that his questioning about whether or not he and Emily built the structure that is Illos was more than just idle curiosity.

Ieyasu chuckled "We may not have discussed this when you first came to Japan but destiny bends around you, child. It is palpable in such a way that it is humbling."

"Humbling?"

Ieyasu hummed as he took a sip of his tea again. "Humbling in the way that magic always has a role for us to play. Some greater than others." Ieyasu turned to him, his ancient eyes sharper than most could ever be capable of being "and others greater still."

Atticus gaze on Ieyasu trailed off and he looked towards the city before them. For now, the city looked relatively 'normal'.

It was beautiful, yes, its glittering silver stoned buildings that resembled the glistening walls of silver mines rich with silver ore ensured that, yet it was still only mildly magical, the magic of the country weaved into its structure.

Not so in the probable future. He'd Seen the magical creatures, winged and not, dot the skies along with the skymobiles and he'd seen trees and flowers and their roots sail the chiming winds that sung with magic and felt like warmth.

"Magic never truly has a specific role for us, Ieyasu-san. Magic merely has opportunities for us to seize and grants us the choice we deserve to mould ourselves into what is needed. Choice is never out of the question." Atticus said after a few moments, remembering what the Monk once said to him that it was never about him and simply the existence of a role that needed filling and one that he was suited for and elected to take.

Ieyasu hummed in a non-committal way as he set the teacup on the table and rose to his aged feet. Atticus watched him slowly stroll forward towards and through the gardens.

After a few moments, he chose to rise and follow him into the gardens.

For ten minutes they silently walked through the gardens his mother once took him through in his infancy, gardens that changed and had new plants, some transplanted from Moira's Gardens, but its shape remained the same throughout the decades.

It connected him to his mother and to his grandmother who'd shaped it before his father had been born.

At the centre, next to the marble sculpture fountain, there was a kind of Persea tree, a magical variety that was native to Egypt. It resembled somewhat a pear tree in leaf, flower and form yet it bore striking evergreen that was lusher and more radiant.

His ancestors had brought seeds over when they moved to Ireland in the first century BC and this tree was a direct descendant from that first tree which had been a descendant of the First Tree.

"I have not seen this kind of tree before." Ieyasu said curiously as he arrived before the tree which had been planted by Henry Sayre when the last tree had withered in the long absence of their family from their home during their greatest crisis.

Family legend claimed that there had been a single seed buried under wilted and starved earth that Henry Sayre nurtured back into health before planting it in restored earth in the presence of his wife and heir.

"It's extinct now." Atticus said calmly as he walked towards the tree and touched the bark of the tree with a lover's touch. "It used to flourish in Lower Egypt and was considered to be a sacred tree." Atticus hand trailed towards the fruit that hung from a branch. "By both the ancient Egyptians and later in their conquerors the Greeks and their successors the Romans."

The family chronicles mentioned of a legend that the tree was planted by Osiris himself, the god of the deceased. Legend claimed that the life that sustained the First Tree, the tree that all of this type of tree descended from, and bore the fruits that breathed life into its consumers, had been the life of an elderly Priest Mage who'd been their – his – ancestors.

"The trees went extinct during the ages and it is not clear who set off the initial chain of events that led to its extinction. Some said it was the Romans after the Tree became a symbol for the Christians and others say it was the Christians themselves who killed them off in their crusade against paganism."

"It is safe to eat, the fruit?" Ieyasu questioned.

"They are. They are magical. They give renewed energy though it fades fast." Atticus told the old man.

Ieyasu hand touched one of the hanging fruits "May I?" he asked and Atticus nodded his assent when he stood next the old man.

Ieyasu plucked the fruit and with a soft wave of the hand, its skin was peeled and he bit into the fruit.

The old man stood a little straighter as he consumed the fruit and he turned towards Atticus, a pleased expression on his face. "It is invigorating." He said to Atticus.

Atticus smiled and inclined his head. It was a sweet and luscious flavour whilst its effects were tangible. It gave energy to its consumer, like caffeine and sugar but several times more effective.

"It is. It used to be my guilty pleasure as a child. My mother forbade my sister and I to eat its fruit as it would always result in us becoming rather hyper-active and difficult for her to deal with." Atticus said with mirth in his eyes.

Ieyasu chuckled with his body "Ah, I can understand. Despite my age, I feel like I can run leagues without losing an ounce of my energy."

"It may feel like that but I assure it will pass sooner than you think." Atticus glanced behind them and waved his hand. A bench shimmered into existence and Atticus gestured towards it.

Ieyasu smiled gratefully and went towards and sat down. Atticus followed soon after.

A few moments passed as they both looked at the sculptured fountain until Ieyasu broke the silence.

"You know why I have not signed the agreement." Ieyasu stated, his gaze still on fountain.

The man knew of his Seeing abilities. Not its scope but enough to know that he Saw much. Most important figures with an interest in him had come to that conclusion.

"You're going to request that which bears a high price." Atticus simply answered.

"A high price? Not at an impossible cost?" Ieyasu said, his tone calmer than the surface of still lakes. Ieyasu understood very clearly all that he had shown the old man had a purpose behind it, this particular purpose.

"Nothing is impossible. Not for beings such as us." Atticus said with a light tone.

"It seems like the short few years have not yet tempered you, Atticus-san" Ieyasu said with hints of searching in his tone.

"I am still youthful enough to dream of impossible things and seek to rise above it, old man." Atticus said with a glance at the old man, hints of a smile adorned on his face.

Ieyasu's expression bore hints of levity though his voice remained calm "Youthful enough yes but wiser than your age despite your words seeming to the contrary."

Atticus said nothing to that for a short few moments as he turned his gaze towards the ancient tree. It had been a symbol of regrowth, when Henry Sayre planted it.

That the craftsmen of Egypt returned with new life and sought to rebuild what was torn down in pain, destruction and death. Not as it had been, no, their time of domination had ended and a new path had grown.

Henry Sayre knew the suffering of their family and what the price of victory had cost them and had set them on a new path, one of focus on a few industries that were vital to the magical world but did not threaten.

A decision that allowed the Sayre family to be rebuilt in relative peace as they build on their brotherhood with the Blacks until they were capable of defending themselves and stand as they once stood albeit without the shadow they once cast.

"I would have thought the offer made to you and your people would have been enough." Atticus spoke up again, his voice calm and devoid of levity.

"It is a great offer." Ieyasu admitted as he turned towards Atticus.

"This organisation is assuredly a boon for Japan. The troubles that may come from when you choose to make yourself public do not compare to what you have offered us not just in trade but magic itself." Ieyasu said with a hum.

It was true.

The offer to join the organisation was generous. It would revitalise Japan and offer crucial access to ingredients, products and boost to their economy which remains flagging at present despite their attempts to rebuild connections with the rest of Asia.

As for magic…well, they were making stride every day and Ieyasu had seen that here. They were making great progress and even surpassing the research output the best minds SIMS had to offer. Of course, many of the researchers were from the Irish school but many were not and had learnt and were learning it here in Illos.

And within the next six months to a year, the charade of shepherding the graduates at SIMS to places like New Zealand, MACUSA or elsewhere would be over.

It was time to no longer bother try and keep the ICW attentions away.

"Yet you wish for more, more than you can ever afford – or wish – to pay." Atticus commented, his tone calm yet it rung of serious questioning as he turned to face the old man.

The old man's ancient eyes bored down on Atticus' own. "Japan's coffers are still filled to the brim. We can pay" the old man paused as his eyes flittered around towards the mountains, towards the sky before resettling them on Atticus

"the price that would be asked." Ieyasu said calmly, their gazes set on one another.

"I am not a man who values wealth in gold or silver, Ieyasu-san." Atticus said, his expression unchanged "What you request of me would come with a greater price that demands loyalty." He said, his tone unchanged but the atmosphere changed.

"What you would ask for would never come to pass." He said calmly but with steel in his tone.

Atticus' eyes darkened, the hue of the violet of his eyes darkening whilst the emerald embers of his eyes glowed in subdued menace. "Are you so certain?" Atticus spoke calmly and his magic was restrained even if his gaze was terrifying.

The old man smiled genially despite the menace in Atticus' gaze.

"I am certain as I can be that you do not wish to rule over a troublesome people with a reputation of preferring to die than to live without honour." Ieyasu said calmly understanding exactly what Atticus meant with his words.

"I am never one to allow for difficult things to remain in my way."

"That is true and true still of your wife." Ieyasu said before he continued "Yet you would not show me all of Illos as you did after already having done enough in enticing my people for a place in this organisation" Ieyasu hinted meaningfully "without careful consideration"

Ieyasu folded his hands in his lap before he continued "I understand what you are, Lord Sayre." He said, his gaze penetrating. "There are men in history who are like the forces of nature who in their sweeping motions alter the path of nations as easily as the sea can swallow lands whole."

Atticus let the man continue.

"Emperor Jimmu was one such man." Ieyasu declared and so the truth was in the open.

"High praise to compare me to such a notable figure in your history" Atticus said calmly, the menace in his gaze dimmed but still ever-present and hidden underneath his glowing emerald embers.

Ieyasu gave a hint of a smile "It is not praise. It is an acknowledgement."

Flatterer, Atticus thought amused though there was more to it just acknowledgement or praise. It was an admittance of what he believed of Atticus.

"I have understood on the day I met you, Lord Sayre-san." Ieyasu said calmly "The touch of destiny that surrounds you made it as clear as the waters of the Sacred Cape of Noto." Ieyasu looked up into the sky, towards the Orbs.

"Great winds of change will be wrought by you, Lord Sayre-san yet it matters how it is achieved." Ieyasu waved his hand towards the Orbs "You understand better than most ever would." Ieyasu turned to him.

"Else Europe would have been under your rule by now instead of this home you have built with people who had none." Ieyasu finished.

'And why you believe that you would not be attacked by me' Atticus mused inwardly.

Atticus turned his gaze towards the tree, silent for a few moments.

There were those who could sense magic like Ieyasu could.

Magic that was beyond most people's perception. The Monks of Tibet were able to grasp this and used it to be at harmony with nature and the energies of the world.

Ieyasu instead used it to understand people and what made them tick.

Like Emily's capabilities of learning about people through her own rare form of magic sensing, he used it to secure him better within Japanese society than previous generations of Geiwa Genio clan members had been capable of.

It was a form of divination but also not. Malhestry, an in between of divination and soul magic that was obscure and even less studied.

Emily's form of sensing was amongst it.

"For all of your wisdom, Ieyasu-san, you have misunderstood." Atticus began after a short while, his head turned towards the old man. "You rely too much on your ability." Atticus said, his magic seeping out of him in a maelstrom of blinding magic, tinged with fury and malice, swirling and twisting around him.

"What do you see now?"

Ieyasu's calm disposition broke for a fleeting moment before he regained it, this time his ancient eyes harder. "Death." Ieyasu said, his voice losing all warmth and his magic no longer at peace, agitated and made uneasy by the dominating presence of Atticus' magic.

Atticus reigned in his magic though still chaotic and in a furious storm underneath his skin. People were never really one thing. People shaped themselves accordingly, fitting and squeezing into different shapes when the occasion called for it.

It was the same with magic. Atticus could alter his mind, even his personality – as he done to gain his Thestral animagus form – and he could overwhelm what people perceived of him and his magic.

Ieyasu's gaze was cold, all geniality and gentleness lost and now the leader of the Japanese magicals gazing upon Atticus.

Good.

"It is true that I have not offered this offer without consideration." Atticus began, his vibrant eyes aglow with a turbulent storm of swirling magic.

"An organisation that seeks cooperation and closer ties with strong nations who will gain just as Illos will gain. And in that, we can proceed with ease."

"To have shown you Illos was to show you who we are and what we are capable of, what kind of scale we work in." Atticus said, his voice calm but his eyes shining with intensity. "And we both know what you now seek is never given freely, never without a price that is paid in full."

"I am not a kind man, Ieyasu-san." Atticus finished, his tone ringing with finality, heavy with implication.

"Neither am I" Ieyasu said with grimness, their gazes affixed on one another.

Ieyasu spoke up after seconds of silence, his gaze flickering around before resettling on Atticus "We are willing to join in a closer alliance with Illos."

And so it begins…

"An alliance of two states that stand together in equal partnership."

"And what of the organisation at large? What of other states?" Atticus questioned.

"They can join the organisation as they are, a place with us but not amongst us. The states that would be able to be enticed away from the ICW cannot offer what we can offer." Ieyasu said dismissively with a gentle sway of his aged hand.

'You'd be surprised' Atticus mused. Ieyasu was ignoring the largest state in the world that would be interested just as Japan was…that would be made interested.

Ieyasu continued "Our population is greater than that of most nations around the world at 40,000 magicals, our knowledge and capabilities equal to that of MACUSA despite our smaller population."

"And yet you're willing to put yourself on equal standing with a nation with less than half your population and is less than a decade old?"

"This offer is not only with Illos; it is also with you."

Ieyasu was playing this very well and he knew Hirahito's words and memories were being used with this offer. It helped that Japan gaining what Ieyasu wanted depended on Atticus personally of course.

Still, to come here and offer this was not something that was done lightly.

Japan was a prideful nation, one with a rich history and a rich people.

Ieyasu was just prideful.

And both Atticus respected.

Yet it was an insulting offer.

"And why would I choose to make you more powerful, to make you equals?" Atticus posed, his gaze unblinking as they fell upon Ieyasu's dark eyes.

"Is that not what you offered with this organisation?" Ieyasu questioned "To be equals in trade and in cooperation?"

"Of course." Atticus said easily "Equals in trade. Equals in cooperation." Atticus turned completely to Ieyasu "Never in power."

"So not equals at all." Ieyasu mused aloud, his gaze searching and struck with intrigue yet it also held a sense of offense felt at Atticus' words.

"Were you ever equals with Vietnamese Ministry or the Laos Commune?" Atticus asked with a thin smile.

Ieyasu remained composed but from the flittering of the man's magic it was clear that his words had an impact.

"With what you ask me to give you with so little given back in return…" Atticus trailed off for a moment until his eyes sharpened and a violet quiet storm of magic began to coil around him, like serpents made out of pure magic, menacing and dark in intent yet biding their time, waiting, watching, the air around them growing to a thick tenseness that would drown weaker men.

"Every kitten grows up to be a cat." Atticus stated, his gaze never breaking with Ieyasu, his magic fluttering with each word spoke.

"Harmless at first, small and quiet, lapping up their bowl of milk, growing and aging, their nails once soft sharpening into claws capable of sinking deep and drawing blood." Atticus said, the corner of his mouth sharpening even as his eyes darkened.

"I never thought you fearful of allies." Ieyasu commented with a hint of curiosity in his gaze though it could not fool either of them with the way he spoke carefully.

"I fear little, least of all allies, enemies or death. Yet allies are perhaps the greatest concern, for you can never know when they place a sword through your back." Atticus said with a hint of a cold smile.

"Japan does not betray its allies." Ieyasu finally spoke out, his voice calm but agitation was clear in his magic.

"Did Japan not betray its alliance with Korea when the Mongols with the aid of their mages burnt down its communities? Did Japan not complete the Mongol work by driving out if not killing the rest of the Korean native magical population?" Atticus ruthlessly pointed out.

Atticus could see the agitation turning to anger before it simmered to shame before it cooled to acceptance – all while Ieyasu's expression remained calm

"A dishonourable mark in our history" Ieyasu admitted. "One that we have paid for." Ieyasu's eyes grew cold "And it is also ancient happenings."

"Yet it is still relevant, lessons of history your people have not learned from, given what happened in Manchuria." Atticus said with a tilt of his head. "Which makes the question as to why I would ally with an unreliable people who would sooner betray me than stand with me as honour and bonds dictate." Atticus' eyes narrowed

"As Hirahito so ably showed when he offered the option to betray me and my people when I sent out the invitation to you." Atticus said with a menace in his voice.

For all of his respect for the Japanese magical culture, he despised its hypocrisy.

It was not unexpected for every culture was hypocritical in one way or another.

It was human.

The road to power was paved with hypocrisy and casualties, at the hands of enemy fire and at the hands of friendly fire.

Ieyasu's eyes flickered with surprise before he schooled his expression, his gaze intense and scrutinising "Your Sight reaches that far?"

Atticus smiled thinly which was answer enough.

To let Ieyasu know of his Sight range was to let him know that betrayal would not be unseen.

Every alliance was fragile.

Alliances only half the time acted on their commitments.

Debts of honour mattered even less. The debt that Japan owed Atticus meant nothing in the grand scheme of things, only gave goodwill for them to build good relations.

"Then you must also know that I rejected it out of hand." Ieyasu said coldly.

"I do." Atticus confirmed "And that is the only reason why I did not rescind the offer when it was made."

Ieyasu hummed and said nothing for a few moments until he broke the silence "So then if you know all of that then you must also know why I want what I want."

"To solidify your separation from muggle Japan in its entirety and to rule in your own right without question." Atticus said calmly.

The Japanese Emperor had bitten the tail of the Geiwa Senio clan for the last time. The opportunity that Atticus offered would allow them to escape the binding ties that were anchored on the lands of Japan after the Emperor had demanded it of his mages when Himiko had shown the threat of magicals to his rule and his dynasty.

Himiko had been a powerful witch whose family had fallen victim to the Emperor's purges during the 180s AD. She had hated the Emperor with a passion and there were more than a few accounts of her battling with mages loyal to the Emperor, never quite victorious despite her winning almost all of the duels and in the end she left the mainland of Japan with her followers when word of Chinese magical warrior monks were being hired to help deal with her.

She ended up settling on Yamatai with loyal followers and peasants from her ancestral lands before they'd been taken from her family, and Yamatai had been rumoured to be an island the size of Shikoku and located off the eastern coast of Honshu. A series of wars for decades had rippled out between the Sun Queen and the Emperor until through unknown magicks she managed to seal off the island from the rest of the world.

It is a tale that was as famous in Japan as the Tale of the Three Brothers was in Britain and it had inspired many expeditions throughout the centuries to find this island. They never managed.

…Mostly because it did not exist…at least in the scale they believed it to exist. Through the use of the Ancient Human Satellites that recorded hundred thousand years of history, he determined that there probably was a Himiko and there was an island that was settled off of the coast of Honshu around that time but it was not through magic that it disappeared…rather it disappeared because of a powerful earthquake that destroyed the settlement and killed many of the people there.

Just as the Three Hallows were overblown in significance and power, so was Himiko and Yamatai. It didn't mean he wouldn't use it to his advantage.

Ieyasu nodded slowly before he peered at Atticus with a glimmer of something in his eyes « Your sight is most troublesome » Ieyasu said with a grimace.

Atticus' eyes glinted, a hint of a smile on his face « It has its advantages »

Silence reigned for a few moments.

"I am not unreasonable." Atticus broke the silence. "The offer of joining together in this organisation still stands." He told Ieyasu. "Without anything more from either side."

Ieyasu shook his head "The benefits are immense, that is true but we can do without if our circumstances do not change."

Atticus lips thinned "You would not reject trade agreements of this value if any other offered."

"We would not." Ieyasu agreed. "But none of the others could offer what you can."

"And what will you do if I cease negotiations completely and we go our separate ways?" Atticus asked, already knowing the answer.

Ieyasu shook his head. "You will not reject" Ieyasu's gaze grew hard "Because you benefit more than this alliance than you're willing to admit. It grants you legitimacy." Ieyasu said meaningfully.

Atticus knew that Ieyasu was referring to legitimacy not only as an alternative to the ICW but also to what he was suspecting of Atticus might do in the future.

Atticus lips twisted into a smile that could bisect a compressed boulder in two with how sharp it was. "I do not need Japan for legitimacy. Not when I can create it in the way you fear I might if I must."

Atticus raised his hand and a sun was sparked into creation. "This…this is all the legitimacy I need, Ieyasu-san."

He waved it out of existence and his eyes fell on Ieyasu. "We are at an end of our discussions." Atticus said curtly as he rose to his feet.

He clicked his fingers and a pop later, Tweenie arrived "Show Shogun Ieyasu-san out towards the skymobile Tweenie." Atticus said as he turned his back on Ieyasu.

"Wait." Ieyasu said, his voice hurried and harsh.

Atticus turned, his expression cold and he gestured to Tweenie to stand by.

"You would end this here, like this?" Ieyasu questioned, his eyes searching.

"Yes." Atticus said simply as he brought his hands behind his back. "I am prepared to deal with the consequences of today's failures. What I am not prepared to do is give you what you want for a flimsy alliance that can be broken at any time."

Ieyasu's nose flared as he stood up "You have questioned the honour of Japan again and again! My honour."

"I have." Atticus simply said, his eyes narrowing. "Not because I wished to but because I am not speaking as Atticus Sayre, Lord of House Sayre but because I am speaking as Lord Sayre of Illos and its people. People who depend on my wisdom, my leadership and my choices." Atticus' gaze turned withering.

"Again and again, your delegates have demanded more of us for little in return. You are receiving prices for goods that you would have purchased at thrice the price had you been on good terms with other Ministries let alone the five times you are paying now. You have changed the terms and even the conditions in which we are to work together for something that you wanted to be granted without giving anything in return." Atticus shook his head.

"What else have you left me with but to reject you?"

Ieyasu's nose flared before he turned his away and gestured angrily with his hand.

"We cannot and will not pay the price you demand for what we need. It asks too much of the integrity and dignity of Japan." Ieyasu said finally as he turned his gaze towards Atticus.

Atticus nodded. "I can understand that. What will you offer me?" Atticus asked curtly.

Ieyasu remained silent for a few moments. "A binding alliance in blood."

Atticus put on a mask of a frown on his face "I have no heirs at present and I am not willing to barter their future."

Ieyasu's expression shifted to one of mild amusement whilst there were hints of intrigue in his gaze.

Good.

"Not marriage, no. A binding alliance written in blood signifying a total alliance."

Atticus narrowed his gaze "You're talking about the ancient form of alliance treaties like those made during the era of the Three Kingdoms."

"I am." Ieyasu confirmed.

The treaties worked on a similar principle as that of goblin made contracts.

He grimaced internally.

"Illos will be the senior member of this alliance." Atticus said firmly. "That is non-negotiable."

Ieyasu narrowed his gaze and his magic flickered irritated. It seemed like Ieyasu hoped Atticus wouldn't 'know about the traditional form reaching agreements in that era. "Japan will not defer to you." He said harshly.

Atticus turned around and raised his hand. The ground shook and in front of the bench, the ground parted and a black ring with golden runes etched on its face rose up.

"What is this?" Ieyasu questioned, a heavy frown adorned on his wrinkled face "The same type of ring as those in your port?"

Atticus twisted his wrist and golden runes began to form in the air.

He could hear the increased heartbeat of Ieyasu at the sight of the runes.

It wasn't surprising.

The only runes that were known that could be etched in the air were Runic Battlemagic…which were primitive and weaker versions of the Atlantean forms of Runic magicks.

This was neither.

The runes were arranged in a circle in three concentric rings and with a wave of the hand, the Runes began to glow and shifted, rotating clockwise whilst seven of the runes glowed black.

The Gate's three concentric diamond rings began to glow, one after the other, and not long after the gate connected with the furthest gate to date.

"What is this?" Ieyasu said, his voice demanding yet Atticus could feel the peace in the man's magic, peace that had wavered and subdued as other emotions dominated, having entirely been reduced into a secondary emotion as uncertainty and caution soared to the forefront.

"The future." Atticus said simply as he stepped towards the Gate.

He stepped forward and in an instant, he was over 600 million kilometres away.

He stood on the creaking sounds of the ice, sounds that were only heard twice before in its billions of years of history. He could see his breath, the cold that remained and had sustained despite the artificial atmospheric bubble around the Gate.

The world was hard, it was devoid of life yet the potential was there, idle and frozen in ice just as it was frozen in time, waiting to be thawed out by the warmth of a sun large enough for its rays to touch its surface so much more than it did now.

Perhaps in several billions of years, when Sol was a red giant, this potential would come to pass. He hoped it would. It would become a mesmerising world.

He raised his head upward and he gazed upon known stars yet seen from a different perspective. He turned his heard around, gazing upon the barren frozen landscape.

The silence was absolute.

And in its silence, it had a kind of song of its own, one of solitary yet never alone, journeying through the galaxy and in the universe in orbits of orbits of orbits.

He closed his eyes and let himself feel the magic of this world, of this moon.

It was miniscule compared to even the most inhospitable places on Earth yet it was stronger than that of Luna, the streams of magic that traversed this world, that traversed through this world through oceans of water below kilometres thick ice.

He reopened his eyes and he saw the currents of magic that ran through the universe and he felt on his skin and on his magic.

His gaze fell on the unmissable, the looming giant that inspired such grand tales of majesty, of divinity and gods, sparking mankind's awe and imagination with its radiance and its fatherly presence in the night sky yet here it stood imperious and greater than any imagination of what the Father of Gods, the Sky Father might have been told or drawn or painted or sung about.

Jupiter…

He saw the vividness with which it shone in magic. A different kind of magic, not the kind of life but the kind that was an anchor to that of life.

An anchor that for tens of thousands of years was used on Earth to divine truths and used in rituals by tapping into the magic of what Jupiter meant symbolically.

Like the moon, it was an anchor that was ascribed meaning in magic, meaning that always existed yet was still given meaning by prehistoric humans at the same time, all of it entangled in a web of infinity that knew no beginning or end.

He felt Ieyasu's magic blink into existence as the man stepped through.

"Incredible, isn't it?" Atticus said softly, his gaze still on the imperious gas giant.

« This… » For the first time ever, Atticus could see disbelief etched on the man's wrinkled face.

« You know it to be real, Ieyasu-san. You know the magic of the Earth as well as I know it. Not even I could falsify its specialness » Atticus said to the old man.

Ieyasu walked passed him, his aged body carefully treading onto the ice that was as hard as rock. He reached the edge of the raised pillar of ice they stood upon and gazed upon Jupiter and on Europa.

Atticus walked with his hands behind his back until he arrived by Ieyasu's side and he observed Ieyasu's expression.

Ancient eyes that had seen much, that knew life and struggles were now new and young, as if they belonged to a new born infant whose eyes were wide and interested in everything and anything it could set its eyes upon.

« On what do we stand? » Ieyasu asked finally after minutes of silence.

« Europa. One of Jupiter's many moons yet quite likely the most beautiful »

« How » Ieyasu only responded, his gaze unable to break away from the looming giant.

« Magic. Science. Creativity. Dreams. » Atticus said and Ieyasu turned Atticus.

"Necessity" Atticus said meaningfully as their gazes met.

Ieyasu's expression was troubled but it fell away as he looked back towards the gas giant. « What could cause this kind of necessity? » Ieyasu asked, his gaze affixed onto Jupiter.

Atticus turned his gaze away from Ieyasu and returned them towards Jupiter.

« The same kind of necessity that has you seek to abandon your homelands so that you can break free from those who'd taken the magicals of Japan for granted. »

Ieyasu said nothing to that for there was little more to be said and instead elected to turn his attentions towards that which deserved to be gazed upon.

Ieyasu's troubled eyes melted away as he stared at the gas giant.

Atticus inwardly smiled contently. It was always pleasing to see new appreciations for that which deserved to be appreciated.

So close to Jupiter, the Great Red Spot was alight with faint lightning, the perpetual storm that raged since time unknown and could engulf the Earth in its entirety with its sheer size.

It was an understanding that would inspire a sense of smallness in many people.

Not for him.

No…

For him, it was a challenge.

"Nothing is impossible. Not for beings such as us." Atticus broke the silence, his words carrying through the artificial air like reeds caught in strong gushes of wind.

Ieyasu chuckled, a chuckle that surged and brought alive from the depths of his stomach.

« It is eerie. Scarily so. » Ieyasu said with a hum in his voice.

Atticus turned to him and Ieyasu looked at him. « There is an ancient saying from our past. That life was like walking from one side of infinite darkness to another, on a bridge of dreams. »

Atticus allowed a smile to form on his face as he looked back at the gas giant.

Ieyasu continued « That we are all crossing the bridge of dreams together. » Ieyasu shook his head « It is prophetic » Ieyasu said as he swivelled around and looked upon the black ring, a look of tiredness seemingly washing over him.

Ieyasu seemed his age.

A kind expression was on Atticus' face as he dipped his head slightly "I see."

"It is apt, that saying." Atticus said as he turned his gaze back at Jupiter.

"I have always been a dreamer, once for myself and now for others."

"A dreamer who believes that nothing is impossible for our people. That our dreams, our hopes for a great future can be brought into reality, that it can be created." Atticus raised his hand and glass ball the size of a ball came into existence.

Earth began to form at the bottom of the glass ball before the top soil turned green. A sapling punctured through the soil, a sapling that grew into a young green tree before its trunk widened and thickened and its leaves grew thick and numerous.

The top branches of the tree pressed against the glass bowl and spidery cracks began to form on the surface of the glass "And with that belief, Ieyasu-san, I intend to take our people, as destiny demands of me…"

The leaves and the branches broke through the top of the glass, strong branches and vivid emerald green leaves continued to rise and outgrow the glass bowl until the top of the tree reached several times what it had been when it had been encased in the glass bowl.

"Towards the stars and amongst the stars, taking our place as the shepherds of magic, of life and that of existence." Atticus intoned, his words settling around them as if they were manipulating reality itself, the truth and the strength that he spoke with affecting the very structures of the immediate reality around them.

Atticus turned his gaze at Ieyasu, who looked at him with new sets of eyes, this time with less understanding yet older than that of an infant, like that of a teenager whose perspective of his world was changing.

"I told you that you misunderstood. You misunderstood the signs of destiny around me as that of a conqueror, that of an Archmage who alters the course of the history with his deeds or misdeeds." Atticus' eyes burnt brightly, hues of greens and purples and whites began to radiate like miniature suns.

"I am more than that. I am less than that. I am a conqueror who will not conquer lands or people." Atticus stepped closer towards Ieyasu, his magic swirling around him like the glowing halos that surrounded Jupiter.

"I will conquer the stars, not for myself, or for Emily but for our people, those of magic and you will join me in this for the touch of destiny surrounds all of us calling us to the stars. Mages, Goblins, Dwarves, Veela, Yokai" Atticus said with a charming twist of the lips before he continued, the charming twist lost and an unyielding determination set on his face.

"Greats winds of change are being wrought and by the grace of Magic I will have our people rise towards our destiny." Atticus said as he drew himself up, his eyes dimming and his magic calmed.

"That is my role, Ieyasu-san and I will see it happen."

"The question is, Ieyasu-san…will you stand with me as eternal allies in this destiny of ours?" Atticus asked of Ieyasu, his gaze penetrating and unblinking.

Seconds passed.

Then minutes.

Until…

Ieyasu stared at Jupiter, a complicated expression breaking through on his face.

He turned to Atticus and Atticus almost felt as if the threads of destiny were pulling into a single indestructible cord.

"Japan will stand with Illos." Ieyasu finally said the words that would alter the path of history.

Ieyasu outstretched his aged hand.

"And Illos will stand with Japan." Atticus shook Ieyasu's hand.

Conquest in the literal form was messy. Bloody and it built towers of resentment.

Instead, he would make them orbit around him just like how Europa orbited Jupiter with the strength of his ideas and his weight of personality to lock them in place in perpetuity.

"It seems that with you, Atticus-san, the coin has fallen on its edge." Ieyasu intoned and his gaze meaningful. "Whether it is to our greatest fortune or not, I am unsure any of us will ever know the answer to that."

Atticus smiled and it was not kind nor was it unkind.

"I know." Atticus said as he looked away from Ieyasu and towards Jupiter.

Before humans even knew the truth of the significance of Jupiter, they had already known before they could have known when they named Jupiter Sky Father and given him his domain.

A God that oversaw all aspects of life and a protector of humanity.

Not only in body but also in morality.

Oaths, treaties and the sense of obligation were ascribed to him and sworn in his name.

A protector in every sense of the word.

Just as Jupiter the gas giant was such a protector with its enormous gravitational field deflecting comets and asteroids that otherwise might have been on a trajectory towards Earth.

A consequence that allowed life to evolve in a long enough stable environment that likely would not have existed without the present of Jupiter, the Sky Father.

Yet, it was fallible and it could be harsh and destructive, just as it had been 65 million years ago when it instead set the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs from existence.

Atticus' gaze sharpened as he stared at the gas giant.

'One more thing he shared with Jupiter' Atticus thought, the image of a coin stood upright on its edge flashing across his mind.


----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

24th​ of April 1953 – England

Sidwell POV

He walked out from the floo and dusted off the ashes from his robes.

"She is waiting in the backyard." The oddly dressed elf said with impeccable English before the elf popped away.

He'd never get used to that, he mused to himself.

He arrived at the backyard and saw her conversing with a large three headed serpent. The hissing was alien to him and it never failed to make his skin prickle at the sensation of the sounds it made.

There was a deeply magical component to this feeling of prickling, one that was a curious mixture of how magic interacted with the vocal cords and air around them.

She turned to him, her black eyes meeting his brown ones. "Sidwell." She greeted calmly.

"Lady Slytherin-Sayre." Sidwell said with an incline of his head.

Her lips curled upward slightly "I'm sure you know that I am no longer of nobility."

"I doubt anyone would see your abdication of titles granted by the muggle royalty as reason to remove your nobility." Sidwell said with a hint of amusement in his tone as he stepped closer. The hydra turned to him and all three heads hissed menacingly.

She began to hiss to them, almost soothingly from what he could tell, and their hissing subsided and the serpent turned and slithered away out towards the forest that was in the distance.

"You know they're class five magical creatures." Sidwell began as he watched the serpent go. His gaze turned to her "Do you have a license for them?"

She quirked her brow "I do. The Indian Ministry was quite kind to grant me exemption under international law to handle class five parsel-speaking creatures." Her eyes suddenly sharpened "Would you like to see my license?"

Sidwell shook his head, almost amused "No my Lady." He turned his gaze back at her "It is not necessary." He paused for a moment and his expression grew serious.

"We have dealt with all of the muggles and traitors." Sidwell spoke up after a few moments of silence.

"Even the ones stationed in West Germany?" she questioned, her eyes intense with interest.

"Even them." Sidwell confirmed calmly.

"Excellent." She said with approval in her tone before she grew serious "At last the threat of the muggles – for now – has been dealt with."

"We will monitor them to make sure we have not missed anyone of note." Sidwell hesitated for a moment "Which might well be a possibility. The Statute…was well broken." He said slowly.

To say it was broken was an understatement. Incredibly.

They were very close to being dealt with a devastating blow by the muggles had they not known about their directed bomb several weeks ago. Whilst the Auror department believed that they were leading the investigation, the Unspeakables had long since kept an eye on the muggles.

It had been Rockwood's team who were responsible for it.

"I know." She said and he knew that she meant it completely. He doubted that there wasn't much they didn't know. She continued "But we're reasonably confident we've identified all of the hidden agents that knew. He will let us know otherwise."

He bowed his head. "Of course." He said calmly.

She looked at him with a curious glint in her eyes. "With this over, you have more time available to extend your influence within the DOM. Are you ready to change direction?" she asked.

When he had met the young girl – then named Riddle – he had not imagined being where he was now nor did he expect both of them to surpass so far beyond what he thought they were capable of.

The Sayre-Slytherins had travelled the world on many instances and in their travels they had uncovered more lost history and magic than any other.

Records of ancient histories from long dead civilisations that were mere myths to the wizards of the regions and ancient scrolls detailing priceless magicks – though often pointless as modern incarnations did it better but for the context of history it was priceless to see where some of the roots of modern spells might have come from – had been found and it was through this that he had reconnected with the couple.

Of course, it was something he was assigned to do by Bracker to learn about them and determine if they were conducting research that was a threat to the magical world. In truth, both he and Bracker wanted to recruit them into the Unspeakables.

Suffice it to say…it didn't turn out that way.

At the start, he'd learnt much about their travels and though most of the magicks they had found were uninteresting without the context of history, some of it was incredibly dangerous, even cataclysmic to the world.

It was no surprise that many of these ancient civilisations had died out and passed into myth and legend, not when he'd seen some of the descriptions detailing the kind of environmental altering rituals they conducted, rituals that acted on massive scales against their enemies or done to satiate their Gods.

Rituals of those scales rarely were successful, at least in the way they intended. Even the Great Warming ritual, the ritual that ancient celtic tribes well over ten thousand years ago conducted to alter the climate of Europe, had not been as intended as it altered the tilt of the planet and changed much more than simply warm the continent of Europe.

Magic might be intuitive and responsive to will and desire but there was a structure to it. A structure they were still learning, even to this day.

For primitive albeit powerful civilisations to cast such environment altering magicks without understanding the consequences of such human sacrifices…

Well, it made the plagues of Egypt seem like an annoyance compared to what disaster such rituals could inflict.

It was during this time, after they had shared with them these magicks, that he had learned why they had let him come close in the first place.

The DOM's primary purpose had always been to conduct research in fields and magicks where there was certifiable proof – namely the confiscation of research, experiments and even people themselves if they prove to be too dangerous to allow out into the world – of those said magicks having great potential to do harm to the magical world.

They either released safe versions of these inventions or spells out in the magical world mostly so that alternative wouldn't be sought or created when there was already a spell or invention in existence that did the job.

There was a reason why Fiendfyre and the killing curse never was suppressed. The two spells whilst utterly deadly were still limited to compared to some of the descriptions of spells that once existed. It was an effective controlling element that prevented people from experimenting with things that shouldn't be experimented with.

That meant that many of the senior members of the DOM knew a great deal more about magic and the history of the magical world nearly anyone alive. The DOM attracted a certain type of people and the DOM sought after a type of people.

Both of them were these kinds of people and they both knew it.

It was during this time, after they'd developed a cordial if not friendly relationship discussing and sharing their own experiences and knowledge magical history and obscure magicks, that they had taken to show him the truth of the world. Of their origins.

He'd always been interested in magic from a young age…or more specifically in the history of the magical world. He'd grown up in pureblood family, of middling class and young stature but nonetheless pure and one of the things that always fascinated him was the history of the ancient Celts.

It had always been an open secret that the DOM knew more about magic and he had reasoned at the time they likely knew more about ancient history as well.

Looking back now, he knew that it wasn't an accident that they had shared with him so much of their findings of ancient civilisations. Knowing the scale of Lord Sayre's Sight, it likely was something he had Seen long before then.

Perhaps it was what allowed him to find the wrecked ship that had so much knowledge about their origins.

Throughout history, there's always been speculations about the origins of Magic…of the origins of mages. Gods, Nature, the Universe, all of it at one point or another had been ascribed as the origin of magic and thus the origins of magicals.

Yet what they had shown him, what the recordings had shown him, told him of a different story, a story that spans for much much longer than anyone would have believed, that he would have refused to be believe if not for what he had seen and been sworn to that it did happen.

From those recordings, he'd watched sunrises on different worlds, he'd watched multiple suns, multiple moons come and go in alien night skies, he'd watched ships that sailed the Void as if it were the sea and he'd watched in horrified awe as wars were fought by their Ancient ancestors against creatures that were more numerous, that were more powerful and he'd seen them lose.

It was then that he understood that they were both working towards something that never had been conceived of in history, in their history and it was something that he could not walk away from.

Not when they'd given him the chance to stand on the Moon itself and cast his gaze towards the blue world.

And…

As a lover of history, how could he not choose to be part of history itself?

For assuredly, he was going to be part of history greater than those who lived in the times of Merlin.

He met her gaze. "I will have more time yes. Bracker is expecting to retire within the next decade or so and in that time I will position myself as his successor. Only Croaker is a threat to my succession but with my successes in dealing with the muggles, my estimation amongst my colleagues within the DOM has grown significantly…especially considering what 'I' uncovered about the threat to the Ministry building."

She smiled before she nodded "Good. With the help of the DOM we can work towards raising Britain to what it needs to become." She turned her gaze towards the forest where the Hydra serpent was close to disappearing in.

"It will be a long and slow journey, Renatus."

"It will be, my Lady. But I find that it makes the arrival all the more sweeter. In the end." He said before pausing for a moment "And I look forward getting there."

She turned to him, a gentle smile on her face. "So do I, Renatus. So do I" she said before she returned her gaze towards the forest where there was no more sign of the Hydra.

He glanced at her for a moment. Life was odd, he mused.

He had not thought he would be circumventing his oaths to the DOM in this manner…in any manner. Least of all to two people who were half his age and he once saw himself wanting to mentor.

He returned his gaze back at the forest.

But then…as he was finding out more and more…life always surprised you and the only thing you could do is seize opportunities when it arrived.

And this opportunity, despite its near impossibility, was something he was never going to let go.

After all…in his own way, he was doing exactly what the DOM had always stood for…

To protect the magical world.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 93 others
mosefboombox117
Dec 26, 2022
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 10 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Jan 15, 2023
Add bookmark
#145
A/N: Hello All, welcome back to the story!

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post and let me know what you think! Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 10

20th​ of August 1953 – Illos, High Council

The Council meeting went on as usual, discussing pertinent topics as always. With the establishment of the Council of Representatives, some of the responsibilities were shifted away as intended so it reduced the lengths of the meetings significantly.

The Council of Representatives so far had introduced inheritance laws and laws pertaining land rights on the back of his agreement to sell Illosian lands, something that had taken off relatively well.

Lands and homes were sold not only for galleons but also based on familial commitments. A household of five with a maximum of two adults significantly had to pay less to own their home than a household of three.

With the lengthy lifespans of mages, relatively to normal humans anyway, they could have children until they were eighty to ninety years old, older for men who could have children well into their hundreds.

Even if fertility rates were significantly lower than normal humans, with time and innovation, such things will fall away and more will be born on Illos.

Other than those laws, Rowe had admirably slotted into his leadership position and had not veered away from what he had committed to…much to Representative Filch's displeasure.

So far, parties had formed, as he always knew it would, though for now it was only Filch's Economists Party and Rowe's Collectives Party. Filch's party was mostly irrelevant for now, especially since trade with the outside world was constricted to one person and since most of the basic needs of the people were covered but he could see it grow in strength in time…and in differing beliefs.

For now, their beliefs were less than an amoeba but in time it would evolve as things always did. He was not against it, opposition was important, but he would make sure it didn't evolve into something grotesque as he had seen in his old life…or in this one.

The Oaths of Representation should keep the level of questionable morals and actions below the point of triggering – there were a number of warnings that would let people know – but he also knew that it was feasible it was to skirt the penalties.

The next talking points of the meeting covered things such as the next projects would be started next, such as time scale and degree of introduction of magical animals to the environment, magical engineering projects such as The Ever-Changing Arena – massive large scale open arena that applied Rowena's Room of Requirement enchantments to create dynamic environments for the Illosian Games or research projects such as large scale fabrications using magic and feed material to create complex materials or products.

Like with Woodman, it was important to give people the opportunity to work on things such as these, great works that had practical uses and would be long lasting.

It was easier to do things on his own but it would be for the benefit of Illos to do it like this. It would only help in forging the identity of his people, an identity that would take pride of things such as this and eventually make it a norm and expectation of Illosians to create great works.

"Now onto the Gate Network." Sandra said as she peered over the documents.

"How far have we gotten with the Sublevel network?" Emily asked who sat beside him. With things finally settling in Britain, she had more opportunities to be in Illos and in council meetings.

It helped of course that she'd gotten her hands on the unpublished work of Edywn Stark from the DOM, the creator of the Time Turner.

With a bit of work, they'd gotten to make a Time Turner that could turn back time twenty-eight hours instead of the seven hours which meant she could be in Britain and Illos at the same time, a fact that both were pleased with.

The past few years they had been more apart than together and it was something neither of them were pleased with. The fact that they could feel each other's absence didn't help either so this was a welcome addition in their lives.

Emily was aging twice as fast now, of course, but with their ritually enhanced lifespan of thousands of years, it mattered little.

"We'll be able to open by February next year." Walter Bishop confirmed. "Woodman says that there's a few issues with separating the Sub-Gates from the Gates at Belva Hallos but he says he'll have it fixed by February."

They used Shunspace – the dimension used to travel from the semi-permanent hole ruptured through normal space between Gates – but they did not know all that there was of the dimension. It was similar to the pocket dimension created by Rowena Ravenclaw's Time Room in the sense that physics and time did not exist there naturally.

It was why they were able to contract space between distances into nothing.

Which also meant that to create different networks separate from each other had to be done entirely within the Gates themselves. And so they made a new set of gates, entirely limited in capability and range which was limited to about thirty mile radius from the Illos' city centre.

The parts of the security mechanisms within both types of Gates would also prevent locking into each network.

"That's good." Sassa said. "With the number of skymobiles in the air increasing as the population increases, offering this as a quick way to get across Illos would at least make sure the air isn't congested with this as an alternative"

"Of course, that is if we're not planning on allowing apparation." Sassa directed towards him.

"Eventually it will be allowed again." Atticus confirmed "But not before Apparation points have been integrated in the Guardian Array." He said.

The Guardian Array was his answer to the Magical Nets and Thief's Downfall.

It covered all of Illos and it was a ward system that had hundreds of wards interwoven together, many of them being fairly new wards he had made with Emily and the Flamels whilst also containing very old wards that were tweaked.

Most of it was highly defensive and counteractive, such as the wards that dispelled Mind Magic in the public space and in governmental buildings whilst others were environmental controls and intricate weather systems that patterned seasons and wind.

It also provided real time location of individuals within Illos, something that unfortunately was necessary. The system did not track anyone specifically not when people were little more than little dots on a map but the potential was there.

Part of the Guardian Array was also anti-apparation and portkeys that not even he could overpower.

"Timescale?" Chief Representative Rowe asked.

"Not until late next year." Atticus said to Rowe. At that stage, he would be ready to interlace Mithril into Illos which would elevate the strength of the Guardian Array to levels he still wasn't certain of.

He's made about twenty four tonnes of the liquid Magic known as Mithril as of now. Not as much as he hoped though now he's gotten an idea of the conversion rate of energy to magic and magic to Mithril.

It meant that the Vacuum Energy Reactor had to be operating at 100% with nearly 80% heading towards the conversion. By the time of next Summer, he would have about forty tonnes of Mithril.

About thirty eight tonnes of that will be used to interlace beneath the ground of Illos. Thousands of miles of Mithril would sit in between the Adamantite structures and the kilometre plus soil and waters. Runes would be etched into the cables and lines that would generate the new generation of Guardian Array.

It would make the Guardian Array nearly indestructible, capable of travelling through space without the outer shells covering it and able to shrug off even the annihilating particle and beam weapons that Ancient Humanity and the Forerunners used.

There was also the added benefit of how magical it would Illos.

The Diamond Obelisks that once kept Illos afloat were perhaps some of the most magical objects in magical history and they created a magical environment that rivalled Hogwarts in 'magicalness', magic that you feel on your skin even if you were weak magically.

Yet they paled in comparison to Mithril and when the Mithril was lain beneath the surface of Illos, it would make the worldship more magical than anything, even exceeding that of Atlantis which had been convergent to three five intersecting leylines before it was broken by the calamity, re-forming over time in smaller leylines.

The surface of Illos would become the closest thing to magical heaven on Earth, where magic would become as dense and as thick as heavy fog. It would change the very landscape of Illos in ways that were still rife with possibilities.

Trees and plant life would be so imbued with ambient magic that they would practically become nearly magical themselves, magic that once would ebb and flow through them would instead be ever present, like the air itself and they would breathe in magic just as easily. In time, he would not be surprised if spontaneously, plant life evolved to be more magical.

Just as in time, he expected the population of Illos to also be affected even if they could not channel ambient magic. With time, he expected more powerful magicals to be born on Illos too.

And with himself tied to the Mithril through magic and blood, Illos would become every bit part of him as he had always wished it.

Kings of the past had been tied to the lands that was within their domain. Acknowledged by mages, acknowledged by magic.

Yet for him…

He would be tied to Illos with greater intimacy and power imaginable

And he was looking forward to it.

He returned to the point at hand and said "The Office of Transport has until summer next year to suggest locations and future locations. It should be fine to adjust the Array but if it proves to be too cumbersome…"

Rowe bowed his head respectfully and acknowledged the request.

Sandra spoke up next moving things along "The Belva Hallos Gate connected to the Kyoto Gate has seen more traffic in the past month, in both people and goods."

"A welcome sign" Director Carson of the Treasury said "Trade with Japan has steadily been rising but only in the past month have seen more goods and products beyond ingredients flow in both directions."

Since they established the alliance with Japan, a fact that none of than those of the High Council knew for now, the trading between the two countries hadn't been as high as they initially expected. It seemed like Ieyasu was a little more cautious about raising unnecessary questions internally, at least until he got his house in order.

And now it was getting to a close with more people cleared and sworn to secrecy about Illos. It wasn't a strange sight anymore to see Japanese people in Illos.

Sandra nodded "I agree however in light of the increase in traffic, I think we may need to review the logistics and security of the port more."

"Factoring in the future connections to other parts of the world?" Emily asked.

Sandra nodded "At present, we are well capable of managing current capacity with the staff we have but in future" she looked to him and Emily "If we're going to open our borders to more than just a few countries, we're going to need to do a lot more to manage both trade and people."

"Put something together." Emily said before she continued "There is improvement at Belva Hallos how we manage things, I agree, however without a proposal or an outline of the specific problems, there is little we can do for now."

Sandra inclined her head and sat back whilst she wrote in her Holo.

"Last on the agenda is the Magical Restoration project." Once this was mentioned, everyone's eyes fell on him.

"Participants in the Magical Restoration trials for Dormants part of Sphinx Group or Illos was higher than expected as you all know." Atticus said as he sat back "thirteen hundred and fifty eight individuals signed up. Thirteen and fifty eight have been successfully treated." Atticus paused for a few seconds to let it sink in.

"One hundred percent retention of magic after the forty-five day mark. They are completely magical now" and all were vassals to House Sayre.

They were weak magically but future generations wouldn't be.

They had also trialled the treatment with four under seventeens and all of them were all below average magically speaking but still significantly stronger than the adult Dormants.

It seemed like the few magical maturities one had, the stronger their magic would be. He would not permit children below the age of sixteen to undergo the treatment.

He may be cruel but he would not impede on free will of his subjects and children, no matter how mature or intelligent would need to reach the appropriate age to be able to make a choice that they could understand.

He may trounce on the free will of many peoples around the world but he would draw the line there.

"No side-effects or lapses?" Sandra asked.

"None." Atticus confirmed "It seems like Dormants only need minor adjustments to be able to use magic."

"It will change everything." Walter Bishop enthused.

Sassa Habe uncharacteristically snorted "An understatement. The treatment would be welcomed by everyone. No more 'tragedies' within the family."

"And will remove the last of the resentment amongst the Dormant population" Carson noted. "especially amongst the younger population."

"There will be a necessity to write out the laws around the treatment." Rowe pointed out before he paused "Will we publish this treatment through SIMS?" he asked.

"No." Atticus said before he expanded "We will not publish this treatment any time soon."

"Even in Illos?" Walter Bishop questioned "It could revolutionise our understanding of genetics and DNA. William Bell would be able to expand and incorporate your findings in his research."

Atticus turned to Bishop "I am not opposed to sharing this with Bell. I have concerns that will need to be addressed before I do however. I will speak to him about it."

William Bell was a great mind, not unlike Walter Bishop but where Bishop's mind lay in esoteric theory, arithmancy and runes, Bell was a genius in biology, both magical and mundane. Thankfully, he was also trustworthy…at least able to be trusted to act in a certain way.

Bell was focused on understanding the structures of DNA, how and why magicals aged differently to muggles. Atticus Saw that Bell would get to a theory of aging, the factors that caused it and how magicals were different to muggles on a genetic level and in the end, begin the groundworks of research into slowing aging down through magi-tech and magi-biology, a field of science and magic that he would end up leading.

With minds like that, with people like that, absolute control was not possible…nor should be wanted about what they could research or learn. They can only be directed.

They would get more people like this in time, people who possessed minds – and perhaps magic of Archmage potential, that were great. It was natural, it was inevitable yet by fostering an environment where one could excel without the kinds of triggers that turn them against Illos would no renegades be born…or made.

Of course, with the Oaths in place that bound family lines to the ideals of Illos, to loyalty to Illos, there was little movement in being able to foster rebellion against him and Emily for they are Illos…not that such possibilities would even get to that stage with his Sight and his eventual group of Seers who can navigate Living Time.

Bishop nodded his understanding.

"For now, we will only offer this treatment to Illosians." Emily said "Of course, once we are unveiled, we can begin to offer this treatment."

"It'll be a useful political tool" Bishop said musingly.

"I can also easily see idiots overreacting that we're 'giving' magic instead of fixing a genetic error" Sandra said with a distasteful look. "That Illos 'steals' magic and grants it to the unworthy"

"Whilst at the same time secretly requesting the treatment for their own child" Emily said before shaking her head "Hypocrisy aside, the ICW may use this line of thinking to isolate us diplomatically internationally. As much as we can use it as a tool, it can easily be turned a weapon against us. Revolutionary discoveries tend to that impact."

"Which is why we will need to play this carefully and make sure it can only be used a tool for us and not as a weapon against us. It is distasteful to hold this as a tool given that it solves a significant problem in our world, yes but ultimately Illos' wellbeing comes first and if we must be distasteful and underhanded then so be it." Atticus declared.

Not long afterwards the meeting ended and he was walking out the Main Tower with Emily's arm coiled around his.

They walked past the Pandrosion, the incomparable school carved out of a single block of crystalline like stone which gleamed under the light of the three orbs and as they walked past the school, they were respectfully greeted and some had bowed to them as they walked past the people of Illos though all of them had looks of admiration and warmth.

Atticus called forward a skymobile and they entered it.

"How's the preparation for the new school year shaping up?" Atticus asked as the skymobile rose in the air.

"More or less finished" Emily said "The changes to the curriculum, particularly for the older students will be welcomed" she turned to him, a small smile on her face.

"With more teachers available thanks to the Ouroboros' releasing funding to the school, there is little resistance to the idea of introducing advance classes."

"It helps that it comes after fostering the kind of environment you have in Hogwarts." Atticus commented. Emily's time as professor and then deputy headmistress has allowed her to slowly change the culture at Hogwarts from toxic rivalry to healthy competition, especially amongst the Slytherins who'd taken to her notions of 'leaders of the magical world' very well even if it was changing one form of elitism to another.

With the obviousness of that truth considering that Ouroboros was largely Slytherin alumni and the steadily increasing of authority Emily had in Magical Britain, it would only pave the way for the behaviour to take root in Slytherin and should prevent the development of extremism as it once was.

Emily's time as deputy headmistress had her include duelling tournaments, charms competitions and Ancient Runes end of year projects, all of which had increased the interaction between the Houses beyond classes along with increasing interest in excelling magic beyond the curriculum.

In time, Hogwarts should elevate into becoming the premier school of the world…barring of course the Pandrosion Institute.

Rowena would be proud at the leaps that's been made, that will be made.

She would be less happy about the fact that it was not altruistic of course.

Power lies in knowledge and never more so in magic. The old families had significant advantages over the rest of the magicals and it was something that would continue unless it was broken at the very beginning…at school.

Exposing the youth to magicks they might not otherwise have known about and inciting a trait within them to search for more, to create more, would only bring about greater equalisation in knowledge and in the end, magic itself.

Ancient magicks held in grimoires might not ever become available to others – both he and Emily were loathed to allow such a thing anyway – but it did not mean others could not create their own.

Competition breeds out complacency and entitlement and if the Magical World was anything, it was complacent and entitled. That would long be ripped away before they moved worlds.

Emily smiled at him "It is a nice accomplishment." Her smile dropped off and she grew more serious "I will only teach NEWTS DADA this year."

"You think you need more time?" Atticus questioned.

"I do." Emily confirmed and she rolled her eyes at his raised eyebrow which referenced towards the time-turner she was using.

"Magical Britain is heading nicely towards where we want them but I need to be more…public before I leave for Illos permanently." Emily said with a ponderous tone. She glanced at him from the corner of her eyes "My efforts are going well to make the idea of us ruling them more palatable but I need to be seen more, especially given that the previous years I was largely only seen doing charitable things."

"To see you leading…ruling without actually being in a position to rule." Atticus finished for her and she nodded even as she brushed locks of her hair behind her ear.

It was going to be pivotal for the people to choose them as their rulers. At least the core citizens and cultures that would make up the base of Illos.

Magicals were long lived, often reaching ages of two hundred plus years – something that was likely to increase without the use of life-endangering rituals that needed far more than the average person would ever be able to obtain and have the mind to craft or adjust – and as such, had long memories.

Even if the choice was based on manipulation and more or less made for them.

"My grip on Ouroboros is strong as ever and they won't interfere with this, if anything, many of them will invite it." She said with a knowing smirk.

"It would do well if you capitalised on the goodwill you've created, even if it is sooner." Atticus said after a few seconds.

He peered at her "Are you certain you do not want to take up a leadership position now within the Ministry?"

It would be easy for her to take control now.

By now Ouroboros dominated the new government and held nearly every elected seat in the Wizengamot. The economy was recovering fast and people were finally optimistic for the future.

The British Ministry had not released the news of the near total collapse of the Statute and what the muggles had nearly done, which of course was smart but also a missed opportunity in a way.

Still, Ouroboros was cutting the thread that connected the magical and muggle worlds more and more as time went by. Magicals who had run off to the muggle world were being made to choose to give up the rights to magic or to return to the magical world along with their mundane spouse if they had any.

So far the most complicated thread to cut had not been made yet, the thread that connected the muggle world and the magical world through the birth of magical children. As of right now, Emily told him that Ouroboros would be seeking to offer options to the parents to move since they were squibs and if they refused, they would have a geas placed on them to be unable to speak about magic except in the comforts of their home and in the presence of their child.

Barriers to magi-tech were being removed and innovation was being encouraged.

The Council of Lords had fallen in line and Emily placated many of them by having the government purchase many of the businesses they bought at the same price they had bought it in the first place in exchange for cooperation and ensuring they would not stand in the way of the reforms Ouroboros would be putting through which many of the Lords would have been against.

It wasn't going all swimmingly of course, there were still pockets of both former Progressives and Traditionalists that were unhappy with the drastic changes that were being made but in the wake of immense public support, such discontent was manageable.

"Would change things for the better?" Emily asked him plainly.

He looked away from her gaze and took a few moments before he answered "It would create more problems to solve down the line. Already there are questions amongst those who do not want to have questions about your continued involvement with Ouroboros and the Council of Lords. If we push…"

Emily remained silent for a few moments until she spoke up again "In that case, then no, I won't which is fine since I hardly want to get involved on that level, not when less does more in the long run."

She looked at him curiously "Your 'friend' Charlus I suspect?" Emily said with a look on her face.

"Yes." He answered. Charlus was a splinter that proved rather difficult to dislodge. He had many questions that was closer than he wanted towards the right direction.

Most of their detractors were gone. Black, McKinnon and so on. Even the less visible enemies were 'tragically' killed by the terrorists or neutered politically to the point they were unable to remain relevant or close to power.

Mercy was not something they could afford with those who would only use it to strike at a later date.

Charlus…

Charlus was perilously veering to that territory.

It was getting to the point it might actually become necessary to do…away with him.

His betrayal was not something he did not foresee as it worked for their plans, made to work for their plans. Atticus knew he had pushed Charlus to the limit but he had still been disappointed to have seen him do it, especially when what he had been advocating and inciting had been for the benefit for the people.

Charlus' experiences of the war had made him wary of war – as it should to any – but he had taken it to the extreme to the point of bending over backwards to accommodate a peace that was never going to last for long.

All that they did now was the least of the worst options.

Sometimes, war was necessary to change things.

"He's deputy head of the DMLE now." Emily said with a displeased frown, a frown that spoke of that she would happily dispose of him now. She wouldn't, not when they long ago reached an agreement that they would deal with people that were theirs.

He would not interfere how she dealt with her people without her agreement and neither would she interfere with his people.

"I know. It will be hard to make sure he doesn't rise to the position above him." Atticus said to her with a commiserating smile "It's not a big issue though, he and others like him will not be a major problem when we begin the next phase."

That is if Charlus doesn't go towards routes that Atticus could not ignore or forgive.

He would afford that to his old comrade even if their friendship was at an end.

Emily looked at him with a long look before she relented and asked "How are the ICW handling the Russians?" she asked.

"Poorly" Atticus said with a smile "The war with Grindelwald made a great many veterans that are hardened and made cunning as a consequence of surviving some of the worst of the fighting in the war. Even with the recruits of veterans of both sides of the war in the ICW forces, it'll be hard to catch the Russians off guard."

The ICW knew that the Russians were heavily involved with the Soviet Union.

A breach of the Statute that wasn't as severe as the one in Britain, not that the ICW knew, but it was serious. After the Chinese breach was sealed, the ICW pivoted and refocused on the Russians.

Investigation so far had proven difficult to the ICW to prove a breach of the Statute and the Russians weren't playing game. Eventually they'll get some evidence, he had Seen and it would be a relatively quick resolution once the ICW played politics, but it would only increase their zeal in ensuring further breaches did not happen.

"So we'll still leak to the ICW about the close call of Exposure in Britain." Emily mused.

"Yes." He said simply.

The leak would inevitably draw ICW investigations towards Magical Britain as part of the Statute Agreements. Magical Britain rarely had cowed to the ICW but in recent years, their fingers in the upper echelons of the Ministry had been noticeable.

Ouroboros would refuse and Emily after her absence from the Isles would step forward when the ICW overreacted and it solidify her image as a defender of Magical Britain even after she left.

Already her status as someone who would 'sacrifice' her nobility for the sake of Magical Britain had won over the public wholeheartedly, something that she had already been well on the way of doing with her cultural and magical education endeavours.

Now she had the public's support which would only increase over time after being seen defending Magical Britain against the ICW.

Which would also be around the time Illos would be unveiled.

They arrived at Sayre Manor and they stepped out. Emily sighed as they walked towards their home. She leaned into his side.

"I asked Tweenie to make us that Risotto you like" he said with a humorous lilt to her voice.

She looked up at him from the corner of her eyes "Are you trying to make me fat? You know I can eat three plates of it."

Atticus tsked "You've caught on my long term plan."

"It'll work if you stick with the Milanese Risotto." Emily said as they arrived at the dining room and she peeled herself off of him.

They ate the risotto, discussing a few things here and there before they moved towards the second living room and went over a few things independently, both of them working on separate desks.

She went over some measures that the Ouroboros would be introducing whilst he looked over the figures of the new arrivals and their progress in settling in. Recently more people from the mundane side of the world had come to live permanently, people who worked in one way or another for the Sphinx Group, most of them squibs or squibborns.

With their return also came new introductions to Illos, new kinds of music, ideas that translated to new products and even new foods as many of them worked for the Endrian Shipping Company and were used to travelling around the world and visiting new cultures.

One of them had opened up an Oriental restaurant and they made the most marvellous dumplings.

For the next few hours, they wrote and they read, made plans and approved them. Life at the moment was a little monotonous, both of them busy in their own ways. For all of their plans and plots, much of the day to day work was startling dull and it was in that train of thought that he glanced up from his work and looked at her.

She sat with her legs crossed, peeking out away from under the desk as she sat back in her chair, a noticeable frown on her face as she read a document or some such.

A small smile grew on his face as an idea sprouted in his mind.

His hand went towards his wrist and the Holo UI popped up and he selected the perfect song. He stood up from his chair.

Her head rose from the document as trumpets and drums and violins began to play. Atticus moved his desk away to allow for greater space in the middle.

"What are you doing?" she asked with a raised eyebrow as 'It's Been A Long, Long Time' played, a version that was five times the normal length with a long instrumental beginning and a long instrumental ending.

With an elaborate flick of his hand he moved her desk to the side as he walked over with suaveness towards Emily who was still seated in her chair. Her other eyebrow rose as well as she looked on with a hint of bemusement.

He bowed with deliberate motion as he extended a hand "May I have this dance, lady-wife?" Atticus asked with a small smile adorned on his face.

The swaying music from the gentle music continued without either of them moving for a few seconds as husband and wife stared at each other until, eventually, Emily relented and took his hand. He pulled her up and his hand slid across towards her lower back over her dress as their right hands entwined.

They swayed softly as they danced.

They stepped a little closer to each other, closer to each other's bodies as they swayed in perfect harmony, in perfect rhythm like two gears whose teeth perfectly slot together. His head lowered and his cheek touched the side of her head gently and he heard her sight contently.

Kiss me once
Then, kiss me twice
Then, kiss me once again
It's been a long, long time
Haven't felt like this, my dear
Since can't remember when
It's been a long, long time

They drew closer, closer until their bodies touched, dancing to the slow song, the string of the band lulling them in a slow motion. Emily raised her head slightly and their cheeks touched before her lips turned and kissed his cheek with a deftness and gentleness that was only reserved for him. Their finger locked each other's hand whilst her arm snaked around him drawing him even closer.

You'll never know
How many dreams I dream about you
Or just how empty they all seem without you
So, kiss me once
Then, kiss me twice
Kiss me once again
It's been a long, long time

He drew his head a little back and she stared up at him.

His eyes locked onto her lips and he brought his head down, leaning in slowly before he pressed his lips against hers, their eyes closing as they lost themselves to the moment, this precious moment with the most perfect song. Their magic slowly released, dancing and humming to the tune of their rhythm, perfect in sync with their emotions and swaying.

Had anyone able to observe, they'd see wisps, tendrils of magic, coloured blues and purples and greens, circling around them in perfect step as they swayed together to the music.

Their magic ebbed and flowed to each other, from each other, like flickering candle fires dancing to the rhythm of a mild gush of wind breaching through a half closed window as all their surroundings faded away whilst they were in each other's arms.

Their kiss ended and their eyelids crept open, never leaving the gaze of the other. It was a little slice of wonder, of beauty and a strange thought popped in his head as they looked each other with meaningful tenderness.

She smiled softly at him, a crack in her perfect face and a smile that could breathe life into a thousand dying stars. "What brought this on?" she asked him softly.

"Does a man ever need a reason to dance with his beautiful wife?" Atticus asked with an equally soft smile. Her smile was still present even as she rolled her eyes.

"I just thought with how we've been so busy with…everything, we could use a bit of something like this for ourselves, where there's nothing but us and a bit of music." He said to her with fondness towards her.

She hummed with notes of contentment before she spoke "It has been busy" she agreed as her dainty hand went up to his face and her thumb rubbed something off of his cheek "Left a mark" she said and he smiled down at her, hints of wry amusement in his expression.

"And my lips?"

"I'll rub it out later. Thoroughly." She said dismissively as she smiled with a slow coy glint in her eyes. Atticus' smile widened as he shook his head.

"Who knew ruling and plotting would involve so much paperwork and dullness?" Emily said after a few seconds as the extended song nearing towards the end.

"Historians always did say conquering is easy but ruling is hard." Atticus said before he paused "Conquering the world on horseback is easy, it is dismounting and governing that is hard"

"Hmm" Emily voiced out as she looked at him with a bemused expression "Quoting Genghis Khan to me? How romantic" she drawled teasingly.

"I know how to speak to your heart, my dear wife." Atticus said. Emily laughed.

"He says as he plays a muggle romantic song to a dark witch" she said with a raised eyebrow.

Atticus laughed a little "You don't fool me, Emily Sayre" Atticus said fondly though with hints of mischief in his eyes "You love a bit romance here and there. Honolulu certainly taught me that."

They'd rented a place – later purchased funnily enough – by the white beaches on one of the more silent regions of the islands and spent a week there, isolated and just the two of them with nothing but a record player to keep them company.

This song had been one of many that accompanied them on those easy days.

The music rolled onto 'The Very Thought of You', another of the songs that was often played.

Emily's look descended into exasperated fondness "You're full of cheese tonight" she said with a hint of a smile. She'd caught on to some of his old life's expression when he'd spoken them when he'd forgotten himself.

"You're mistaken, my dear wife, I'm full of suave for I'm a suave, suave man, Emily." Atticus said with a straight face as he twirled her around. "It's quite alright if you can't quite tell. Sometimes I can be too smooth to comprehend."

"Arrogant too" Emily said as she returned to face him "It's almost sickening, the way your arrogance smells" she said with a teasing lilt to her voice, humour shining in her eyes.

Atticus laughed as he drew her closer and they swayed slower, smiles on their faces.

The very thought of you and I forget to do
The little ordinary things that everyone ought to do
I'm living in a kind of daydream
I'm happy as a king
And foolish though it may seem
To me that's everything

The mere idea of you, the longing here for you
You'll never know how slow the moments go till I'm near to you
I see your face in every flower
Your eyes in stars above
It's just the thought of you
The very thought of you, my love

Emily's head leaned in and rested onto his chest. His arms wrapped around her as their swaying reduced to a mere little motions. Atticus placed his chin on her head as he closed his eyes.

The mere idea of you, the longing here for you
You'll never know how slow the moments go till I'm near to you
I see your face in every flower
Your eyes in stars above
It's just the thought of you
The very thought of you, my love

They danced long after the song ended, long after silence had filled the voice even as they swayed, as they moved in perfect sync, two people who were part of the same whole.

He often wondered at times if ruling the world completely had lost some of its appeal for both of them because they had each other, because of their love for another.

Neither of them spoke of it but both of them had mellowed over the years, both had known it too as they had taken their foot off of the gas to rule the world.

It was hard to remain at the mind-set to dominate everything and everyone when contentment and peace could be found in the arms of the other.

They changed their plans so easily at times, seeking the path of least resistance when the other paths were quicker even if they were bloodier.

Still, in the end, they get would there, even if they took the long path. Even if it lost some of its appeal, especially as challenges fell and rotted away like tree leaves during winter, they would eventually get to there.

After all, in the end, they were destined for greatness. Greatness and destiny cared not for contentment and in the end, they would bring greatness to their people…

As two parts of a contented whole.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Azkaban

Christopher Cameron POV

His body rattled.

Despite being here…

He lost count.

Was it still weeks?

…Was it now months?

His body rattled as he clung onto himself with normalised desperation, his body flush against the corner of the walls, the place that was the least affected by it all.

The cold walls were nothing to him, even if it was part of him now, no…it was not the cold that rattled him, that shook him like a wet dog desperate to get dry…

It was the dread…the gusts of dread that rose up from the chasms of joylessness, gusts that stuck to him like sticky tar and he was helpless against it.

Even when they were not here, even when they were afar, hovering and floating, roaming the halls of the black stoned prison, it was a dread that pulled him closer to the ridge of the chasm, closer to being subsumed into the darkness of insanity.

He was in Hell.

He felt nothing of his memories of his mother's smile anymore or his father's boisterous laugh, he only felt the sadness and upset of her disappointed looks and his father's anger. It was insidious, truly, the depths in which all good things in his life were being eaten away.

"God…" Christopher rasped out as his arms clung around his knees. He prayed so often, so much, but nothing had worked.

Christopher laughed and it was one with frayed sanity.

Would he even get to keep his Soul or would he forever be trapped in the bowels of a demon, a demon that these people used to guard their prisons?

He truly was in Hell for his captors were Devils and the demons their guards.

He didn't understand…he didn't know how they managed it, how they got the drop on them. All of it, all of their efforts…pointless, wasted…

He stopped caring what was happening outside of these four black walls…

Why bother when he thought that the worst had happened, that they had won…

Was it days…

Was it weeks…

Was it years…

Christopher lived to eat the slop thrown into his cell…

He lived to be eaten away in body and soul…

He touched the little crack in the wall, the crack that his finger bled on as he traced it along its now dulled edges. His crack, his corner.

Christopher ate and they ate Christopher.

Christopher ate the unedible and they ate his joy.

He lived to be eaten away…

Another day, another time of the feeling of dread rising and he felt the meagre sense of self begin to wither.

"N-no…n-n-noo, p-p-please…" Christopher croaked out in a pitiful whimper in a hopeless pointless gesture of pleading for mercy, his voice trembling as he spoke, as the bolted window creaked apart and finger bones entered.

Haunting breathing, an echo-y noise that rippled despair through him as his body shook his body in fear and the faceless abyss from under the hood pushed through the gap in the middle door.

The air reduced to frozen fog as all heat and warmth and feeling was drawn out of his cell. "A-a-aaahhhh" he cried out as meagre joy that remained turned into less as his worst nightmares, his worst experiences were played out, flashes of a dark haired woman with the blackest of eyes and a man of glowing purple eyes were rushed to the front of his mind as all of the sanity breaking agony rattled through his body.

Again and again, memories of joyful times lost its strength and the flashes of harrowing pain rippled through him.

The demon ended its assault and Christopher collapsed onto his ratty cloak that served as his bed, his blanket, his clothes…

He laughed…he wept…

Days passed…weeks passed…

…years passed…?

The sounds of clunking and knocking against the desolate black floor outside his cell. The metal door creaked up and he felt himself missing the hard coldness of his corner as he felt his feet touch the black stone. He saw faces, faces! Faces that were not not-faces, faces that weren't hidden behind nothing, that were nothing.

"W-who" he croaked out. The man who was by his side looked at him with disgust? – or was it happiness? He couldn't tell… – and he says something but Christopher wasn't sure what was said…

Was he deaf now?

Did the demons take his hearing…?

He hated the rocking, he wanted his corner. He wanted touch the little crack in the stone on the left side of his wall, his crack that listened to him, that was there for him. He wanted his cloak, he missed the cloak as he walked through clean halls and smooth stones, even if he was warmer and drier than he could remember.

He wanted his cloak.

He was put into a seat, a nice seat and he was made to seat nicely strapped in.

"Christopher Cameron…alleged…" he heard as he stared at his hands. These were his hands? He hadn't been able to see them in the near darkness…his hands looked so…not Christopher. His fingertips looked like there was only a little bit of skin covering them.

"Breach…"

"Statute…."

He slumped forward as his chains were yanked and Christopher gazed up for the first time.

"…Do you understand, Mr Cameron? You have been found guilty." the man who looked like a priest…or was it a judge? – he wasn't sure – said.

"Answer the Judge, Mr Cameron!" the man in red robes said harshly as he yanked on his chain that tied his hands up.

"Y-y-yes" Christopher said. He wanted to return to his corner. They would let him go home right? …right?

But he was so warm!

They weren't going to let him go back…there…was he? They would bring his corner to him if he asked…right?

"…Very well" the Judge intoned as he slammed his hammer "…been sentenced to Death through the Veil. May Magic have mercy on your soul"

"D-d-death?" Christopher murmured confused as he looked at the man in red robes with a confused expression?

"Too merciful" the man in red robes seemed to say angrily as the chains on the seat came loose and he yanked Christopher up. Christopher fell the ground, pained and his arms and shoulders and arm sockets aching.

"Get up!" the man in red robes demanded.

He didn't really know where he was…it looked familiar…but he stared at the rippling curtain made out of fog that made sounds like…them.

"P-p-please…" Christopher spoke up for the first time after a while, his head turning towards the crowd of people for the first time "I-I…I d-don't want to go where they come f-f-from"

Christopher felt his feet away from the stone ground and he began to panic, his eyes wide with fear "P-please! Please!" he cried out as he was drawn closer to the curtains.

He didn't want to go there, to be with them

"I-I'll g-go b-back! B-back to m-m-my corner! Please! Anywhere but there!" Christopher wailed as the curtains wailed, their wails sounding hungrier and more desperate for him than his demons had ever been.

"No, no, no, no!" Christopher cried out as he clawed at the air to no avail as the curtains approached so so closely

"He's gone insane" Christopher heard but his eyes were fixed on the curtains, curtains that showed not-faces, faces that he could see but he knew they were the same faces as those under the hood and he whimpered and closed his eyes, his body trembling as he was submerged into the curtains, his last thoughts begging God that his soul would be destroyed for what he believed lay behind the curtains was eternal torment worse than even being amidst the presence of demons.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

30th​ of October 1953 – Hogwarts

Emily POV

LAST MEMBER OF TERRORIST ORGANISATION SENT THROUGH THE VEIL!

With a flick of the finger, she closed the Daily Prophet as the students began arriving into the Great Hall for breakfast. The magicals that worked with the muggles were judged in a secret tribunal, a tribunal that was witnessed by a few observers from the press but sworn to secrecy in the name of national security.

To the public, they were simply stragglers of the terrorist organisations.

Something that eventually be peeled away as a stretching of the truth when the time came. In any case, with the death of Cameron, the last vestiges were gone and things were now settling into a slow movement towards their future.

She looked across the Great Hall as students continued to arrive.

Many of them would not amount to much, she knew this even without having to depend on Atticus' sight to learn whom to focus on, yet there were still a few amongst them that would become more useful than not.

Amongst the new arrivals and also amongst the few of decent potential was Cygnus Greengrass, heir to the Greengrass family. Whilst he was still to take his OWLS, he was shaping up to be a consummate New Slytherin, one who had taken to the new philosophies she'd instilled in her old House.

There were a few others, across the Houses, that she would keep an eye, to see if they would live to the potential they showed even if they were not of high magical potential as only three were at or above mid-sorcerer potential whilst none reached Archmage potential.

She would not see all of these promising individuals graduate, her eventual departure of the Isles was only a few years away now before she returned years later, but her time here at Hogwarts beyond the purpose of guiding these youths in ways that would prove useful not only to her but also for themselves and her own desires to be involved in her ancestor's school, had also proved to be useful if only for the observations it granted her.

Her observations of how magical strength unveiled themselves in family lines…and in those without clear heritage.

Those with family traits did do better in certain fields their family magic was strongest in but generally speaking…potential was there in more than just those of established powerful family lines.

The Sayres, the Blacks, the Potters, the Longbottoms and the other Most Ancient families were different from this, of course. Just as the lines of the Founders were different.

Some families simply had a higher ceiling that may actually have some roots in heritage but generally speaking, there was little difference between a scion of three hundred year old pureblood family line and a squibborn.

She'd looked into the heritages of confirmed Archmages and mages that were known to be powerful. It seemed like most of these Archmages had at least some kind of relation to Most Ancient families. Of course that was always the likelihood given how small the magical population had always been but still, it seemed like none of them were further away from these Most Ancient families than five generations.

Squibborns that were noted to be of unusual power were harder to trace back and families back then were not likely to advertise the number of children they may have had for fear of attack and exploitation of weakness especially if one of the children was a squib but she expected that they were likely in some way related as well to these families.

It had peaked her curiosity…and she was keen to know what exactly led to the Most Ancient family lines to exceed the average magical potential of the British population.

She knew enough of the Sayre family's history to know that the rituals they did to themselves – and to their descendants – were the solid rod of Adamantite that was behind Atticus' power and it was not hard to believe that those families, the Founders' included, had done something in a similar vein.

Something that extended beyond simply imbibing a family trait in their family lines.

Especially considering that the Sayre's family traits were too unique to believe that even prodigious mages were able to exactly know what they were doing.

Rituals were not that easy or worked exactly as intended. Even Atticus' form of long life had to be done with hundreds if not thousands of years of ritual expertise at his beck and call along with a portrait of an expert in ritual magicks.

Her own ritual sets were done using Atticus' own modifications as a base which she only altered, not entirely created on her own and with plenty of help from the portrait.

For mages long after the golden age of Atlantis and a thousand years before the golden age for magical knowledge and exploration during the antiquities to be able to create such a family trait with deliberate intention was not something she could accept readily.

To her, as much as she was loathed to consider it, it seemed like it was more accidental yet also purposeful by a quirk of fate or favour of magic, rituals that did not work as intended but worked to the advantage of the Sayres…just like it had worked in the favour of these Most Ancient families of whatever rituals these families might have done at some stage.

The only issue she had with developing this theory into something more concrete however was that family chronicles rarely told the truth, even if they did not dilute what may have happened in the form of flowery poetry or sagas that exemplified whatever they wished to promote.

She'd read enough of her own ancestors that came after Salazar to know that.

It was unfortunate that the Sayres had lost much of their chronicles during their time in Egypt even if the truth was likely to be sparse.

Nevertheless, if she could discover what exactly was behind this greater magical potential, if it was magic or if it was blood and magic, she could see many, many advantages for the magical world…and for herself.

Dippet stood up from his seat and an excited hush passed through the Great Hall.

"Students, as I'm you're well aware, it is Samhain tomorrow eve. You will have the option to return home and partake in the celebrations and honouring the departed with family or you may remain here and partake in the celebrations in Hogsmeade." Dippet paused for a moment as murmurs rang around in the Great Hall.

One of the changes she worked to reinstate, something until recently had been stymied by the old Ministry – under the direction of her now dead enemies – was the Hogsmeade Samhain celebration, an event that had been cancelled nearly two centuries ago.

During the time of the Founders, it was an event that brought villages and clans together, a practice that had survived well until the late sixteenth century but had been dropping away more and more when it had been a visible marker to being a magical.

Dippet continued "You have until tomorrow to inform your Head of House of your choice." Dippet clapped his hands and the food popped onto the tables. "You may eat." Dippet said and it was the beginning of excited conversation erupting amongst the students.

"Ho-ho!" Slughorn who sat next to her sounded out excitedly as he turned towards Medelin. "I hope Wister has made more of that wonderful mead."

"Ugh, for all that it tastes great, it gives the worst hangover." Professor Medelin who taught Astronomy complained from on the other side of Slughorn where she sat.

"It's your own fault for refusing to take a simple potion that cures that particular ailment." Professor Goshawk of Ancient Runes murmured in her cup.

Dippet turned her "Good sign that things are finally settling down." He said to her, his old eyes darting towards the paper before they returned to hers. "I didn't think it would happen so quickly."

"I expect there likely will be some Aurors patrolling." She said as she took her cup. Before she drank it she paused and looked at him "I imagine that the staff will all be present?" she asked him.

"Yes." Dippet with a throaty hum in his voice and he took his cup but before drinking he paused and glanced at her meaningfully "The staff will have to be apart from the celebrations to make sure we keep an eye on the students. We'll have a meeting shortly to discuss such particularities."

"Prudent" Emily said with a nod and Dippet turned back to his cup and his drink.

Emily returned her gaze towards the Great Hall and her gaze trailed over the student body as nearly everyone had arrived as far as she could tell. The number of students was slightly less than in her day mostly because of the many families that left the Isles during the…troubles but she expected the numbers to skyrocket in the next couple of decades.

Her eyes wandered towards the Slytherin table. There wasn't just a sea of Slytherin green ties but there were also a few yellows, blues and even reds as students mingled.

After Atticus' defeat of Grindelwald and Dumbledore's betrayal, one of the places that showed the consequences of such sudden shocks had been Hogwarts.

Hogwarts since nearly its beginning had been a place that divided its students along impassable lines…deeply entrenched like World War One trenches with cross House participation akin to No Man's Land.

It had been something she had worked to erode and had done so with some measurable success during her last year in Hogwarts. Of course, it helped that the children from primary magical schools were entering Hogwarts – something that only raised the overall desire of the school body to improve as the younger generation were regularly approaching the skills of students years their senior – retained their childhood friendships.

Of course, it also helped that Dumbledore's actions had broken the illusion of chivalry and honour as something belonging to House Gryffindor.

Her own 'magnanimity' and that of House Slytherin had however worked to improve House Slytherin's reputation in Hogwarts and where before it was known as the House of Dark wizards and pureblood supremacy, it had been slowly shifting as the House of leaders, something that appealed to the egos of many of her housemates.

And when she returned to teach DADA, she had seen that it had stuck somewhat though she had to reinforce it. And now, years later and as Deputy Headmistress of the school her ancestor had built, she could say that she was rather proud at her accomplishment.

Just as she was proud that slowly but surely muggle notions and traditions were falling away without falling back into complacency.

Soon enough the Samhain arrived. Students joined the villages in the revelry and in the bonfires. It was mild, this Samhain celebration but that was fine…the more intense celebrations and messages to the dead could come later.

She walked away from the busy centres of Hogsmeade and towards the edges when she saw Malfoy looking her way.

"My Lady." Malfoy said with a bowed head as he joined her in her walk around the perimeter of the Samhain Hogsmeade celebrations.

"Abraxas." She said with the barest of acknowledgements.

"It's good to see the Samhain celebrations conducted again in Hogsmeade." Abraxas said after a while, a pleased expression on his face. "Soon enough such celebrations of important wizarding holidays and remembrances will become standard as they always should have."

"Abraxas." Emily said, her gaze finally setting on him and he stood a little straighter, his head bowing lowly. He understood her perfectly well and he answered.

"Some of our proposals are gaining greater opposition than expected." Abraxas said swiftly. "To be exact…the proposal to requisition land from the muggles for the Ministry."

The land taken from the muggles would aid in providing alternative income for the Ministry. Agriculture was an opportunity, especially after the still terrible ability of the British muggles to feed themselves from the produce of the Isles.

With their ability to create far greater yield in the same plot of lands, they would be able to create massive quantities of food for less than a tenth of its space.

The hedge witches and wizards that once produced food for Magical Britain had been limited in both ability and innovation, something that they did not lack and the old Ministry had been too incompetent to be able to think of something this simple.

Without the muggles being aware of the magical world, they could far more easily navigate through the muggle world and take what they wanted and in this instance, they would steal as much land as they could get away with.

They might be advocating for them to cut off contact with the muggles but it didn't mean they would leave it untouched. The hypocrisy was conveniently ignored when by all when it was this approach that made everyone who'd been part of Ouroboros since the beginning, those who had sworn personal allegiance to her, had become wealthier than at any point in their families' history, all because of her and Atticus.

Taking from muggles was acceptable to all…as long as it was their wealth they were taking.

With the help of the Sphinx Group, they would appear legitimate food producers and expand throughout the still recovering muggle Europe whilst also meeting all of the needs of the magicals for less than knuts whilst also taxing less as a result of the income from this source. No matter if you were magical or muggle, full bellies staved away angry mobs.

"Who?" she asked calmly.

"The stronger progressive families…like the Bones and the Abbotts. They won't be able to rally the third of the Council they need to stop the law from passing but they are making…noise in the public sphere." Abraxas said displeased.

Annoying.

Still…

"Let them." Emily said finally

"My Lady?" Abraxas questioned confused.

She turned her gaze towards him "Abraxas…we cannot stifle opposing voices…in any way, not at this stage." She said as she placed her arms behind her back as they walked back towards the crowd as the Samhain celebrations were about to begin.

"We, the Ministry and the Council, need to be seen as a place that allows for debate, for discourse and for idiotic notions of freedom of speech to be seen to take place" She said as she glanced at him from the corner of the eye "We are winning Abraxas but we have not won, not completely. That can only come with time…time we will build even if the voices of the weak buzz in our ears."

She came to a stop and she turned her heavy gaze completely to him.

"…I understand" Abraxas said with a bowed head.

Emily nodded slightly to him and began to walk again and Abraxas locked step with her. Abraxas would be key in ensuring that when the time came, Britain's union with Illos was as smooth as possible. He did not know the details, none of them did but he knew enough. He'd been to Illos a number of times throughout the years to have at least some idea of where things were going.

She'd watched him carefully throughout the years and it was clear that to her that Abraxas had welded himself to her…to them. For that, she would see him rewarded in some way or another. More than he already has.

"How is Lucinda? The pregnancy going well?" Emily asked lightly.

Lucinda was a daughter of a Norwegian noble family that bred Pegasus horses. Somehow, it was fitting for a Malfoy Lord to marry a daughter from such a family.

Abraxas allowed a glimmer of a smile to come across his face "The pregnancy is going well. I am to have a son." He said with a hint of pride in his voice.

"Good to hear Abraxas." She said with an incline of his head "May magic look kindly upon him."

Atticus mentioned this son of Abraxas. She was curious to meet Abraxas' heir that Atticus grudgingly acknowledged would be a smart but untrustworthy and slippery man.

"Hear, hear." Abraxas said proudly as they re-joined the Samhain celebrations.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

17th​ of December 1953 – Indonesia, Ambon Academy of Excellence

Tirtayasa POV

His pen was moving across the page with a careful diligence as he wrote the teacher's words down on the notebook.

Before he knew it, the bell was ringing.

As he closed the notebook, the teacher finished with "On Monday, we will cover Gravitational Potential Energy and its common uses. I expect you to read the pages 274 to 296 over the weekend."

Tirtayasa suppressed the urge to grimace, something he could see others weren't able to. They could expect a test now on Monday. Mr Idris was punishing like that.

As he walked out of the classroom, he felt an arm wrap around his neck "Are you coming to play ball?" Asraf asked. Tirtayasa peeled his friend's arm off of his shoulder.

"Not today." He said to Asraf "I've got a meeting with the principal"

"Ah that's right!" Asraf exclaimed before he frowned "Do you know what it is about?"

He shook his head "I don't." He looked to his friend "Do you?"

Asraf looked annoyed "No, I don't. The others aren't saying anything but I know it's good because they look excited." Asraf paused for a moment "But I think they're leaving. Very soon too."

"Why do you think that?" Tirtayasa asked concerned.

"Well, I heard Saydah gave Roosnami a tearful goodbye the other day."

"Oh." He could only say. The two girls were very close, pretty much sisters despite their different backgrounds.

"And she didn't tell Roosnami where she might be going?" He asked

Asraf shook his head.

"Strange" he wondered aloud.

Asraf looked at him "You might leave too."

"We don't know for sure." He said a little distracted as he thought on the possibility that Asraf was right.

"Well you can tell me after your meeting then" Asraf said with a smile before he started walking away "Speak to you later!" he said as he took the exit through the left hall whilst Tirtayasa continued onto the princal's office.

"Take a seat, Mr Sibilillah. When it is time, you will be called into the principal's office." The secretary said and he thanked her before he made his way to a seat in the waiting area.

He stopped briefly when he saw her but quickly found his seat. He fiddled with his hands for a little, stealing glancing at her before he decided he could read whilst he waited.

After a little while, he couldn't help it and he glanced up from the book and looked at her. She sat there with her legs crossed and a large sketchbook on her lap. Her long silken black hair fell either side of her shoulders and her head was bowed but he could see her face clearly.

Her brows were furrowed, almost welded onto each other with how furrowed her brows were in concentration, and her hand, pencil in hand, danced across the white sketchbook in large sweeping motions before her wrist pulled back in circular motions.

It was mesmerising, he thought her to be mesmerising and he wondered what perfection she was pencilling into that book. He knew her…well he knew of her. Fatimah…

She was in the year group ahead of him and she was considered to be the best artist in the whole school. He'd seen some of her work and he thought it was incredible.

He thought she was incredible.

He wasn't sure when the crush on her started, maybe when he'd bumped in her a couple of years ago and helped her gather her things that he so clumsily dropped, but it was as strong as its ever been.

Something he knew he'd be teased about endlessly for having a crush on someone who he'd never really spoken to.

'You could speak to her now' his voice rang in his head and he stifled it mercilessly.

What would they talk about? He thought to himself morosely.

Fatimah was in her last year in the academy and then she'd go to New York or Paris or somewhere else amazing!

He would probably just end up going to school in Australia or America on the Academy scholarship and never see her again except maybe in newspapers whenever she would dazzle the world with her art.

He ducked under the cover of his book as someone walked into the waiting area outside of the principal office. He glanced at the person who entered and he was surprised.

She was white and had long brown hair and she was dressed in strange clothes. It was like a very loose shirt but without buttons and had a round collar.

She turned and he ducked again under his book and pretended to be deep in his book. The school was funded by Sphinx Group, a huge company that did almost everything even shipping. He'd seen a few of those huge ships a few times by the coast, ships that had Endrian on its sides but also had a Sphinx symbol.

He didn't know why they cared about building a school in Indonesia but he was happy for it. He didn't think the Indonesian government would have cared about the kind of students that were in the academy or give expensive scholarships to other countries.

The academy offered scholarships to all students that kept up a B average. Scholarships to America or Australia for all kinds of topics and after the studies were finished, they would have a place in the huge company.

From what he heard, it could be anywhere in the world, the choice was theirs. It was amazing really. Still, he never seen any Europeans in the school however. Until now.

It was making him a little nervous. Why would they come now?

No one had really paid the academy much attention, even the people in the city. The academy was quite far from the main parts of the city, more up the hills that overlooked the city and the ocean and it made visiting the town during school off-days quite difficult.

The people there were…odd. It was almost as if they didn't care the academy existed! At least until they spoke to the other kids from the other schools who really didn't like them and thought them spoilt and rich.

Which definitely wasn't the case. Almost all of them had come orphanages all across Indonesia and he himself had come from a small village in Taliabu, a place that no one would even be able to point on a map – if it even existing on a map!

Suffice it to say, none of them really liked going to town, especially after what happened a few years ago. The scary days of when the Indonesian army invaded the city and most else of the island after the people here had declared for independence.

It had been scary then but the principal and the teachers told them not to worry, that nothing was going to happen to them and thankfully nothing did, not even a visit from the army. Some of his classmates thought that the army was too worried about upsetting the Sphinx Group but he didn't really believe that.

He looked back up from the book after he heard the door close. He turned to Fatimah and he was startled when he saw her stare at him.

He said nothing as he froze, as if he was an orangutan caught stealing a rice cake.

It felt like an age until she spoke "Not so nice isn't it?" she said with a calm voice as she tilted her head.

"W-what?" he managed to say.

"Staring." She said simply.

"Oh." He sounded out and he felt suddenly a lot more nervous. "You knew I was looking?"

"Hard not to" she said dryly "You were staring nearly the whole time."

"Oh" he once more sounded, sounding stupid. He hadn't noticed he'd been staring for so long.

"Sorry." He said a little weakly.

"It's fine." She said before she returned to her sketchbook, her hand dancing once more on the sketchbook.

He wasn't sure what pushed him but he knew he had to keep speaking "So what are you drawing?" he asked.

"Why?" She asked.

"Why what?"

"Why are you asking?" she expanded even as she continued to draw, not even once looking up.

"I don't know." He admitted to her "Maybe because I know you make very beautiful art and maybe because" he hesitated for a second before continuing "Maybe because the way your hand moves and sketches is mesmerising and I think that such a thing could only mean it's another masterpiece and I'm curious to see it."

He thought he saw her smile even as she remained silent until she spoke up.

"A place." She said as she glanced at him from the corner of her eyes before refocusing on the sketchbook "When I lived in Jakarta, there was this old man who practiced Kejawen. Do you know of it?"

"No." he said to her. "Is it a religion?"

"Not quite." She said as she continued to draw "More a tradition than a religion. Anyway, this old man used to regale a few of us with stories and legends during the occupation" She began to finely move her pencil across the sketchbook and he remained silence as she said nothing.

Tirtayasa knew that some places during the occupation had been very bad and the revolution after it been worse. Many of the students at the academy came from places were the fighting or starvation had been bad.

He'd been lucky. His village had been untouched but his parents had died during the revolution when they'd been away from home. He'd been cared for by friends of family before he was enrolled here at eleven.

For him, the Academy was an opportunity that he'd never get anywhere else but he would have been fine, he thought, if he stayed at the village.

For others, the academy literally saved their lives.

"The legend I liked the most was Tantu Pagelaran." She said after a little while before she continued, her hand moving slowly as she spoke "Java, not long after the creation of the world, floated freely on the ocean" she smiled and he thought it was one of the prettiest thing he'd ever seen.

"Always tumbling and shaking, moving and travelling." She said with a hum.

"Batara Guru, the supreme god, wished to change this and the supreme god ordered the gods Brahma and Vishnu to fill the island with people but before that, they decided that it was too chaotic, too dangerous for the little people to live on a shaking land and so the gods concocted a plan to move a part of Mahameru and attach it upon Java so it would stop moving and shaking."

"The sacred five-peaked mountain." Tirtayasa commented and she turned to him with a smile and she nodded. They learnt a lot about spiritual beliefs at the academy and the mountain was sacred to both Hinduism and Buddhism.

"The god Vishnu transformed into a giant turtle and carried a part of Mount Meru upon his back whilst the god Brahma transformed in a giant serpent and wrapped his body around the mountain and giant turtle's back, so the Meru mountain can be transported safely to Java."

Tirtayasa said nothing as he waited for her to continue which she did.

"The gods struggled with the holy mountain and when they placed it on one side of Java, the whole island tilted to one side. Then they moved it eastward which ended up scattering the mountain fragments and creating the volcanoes and mountainous regions of Java.

When they placed Mount Meru on the eastern part of Java, the island was still tilted and this time it was the western part of Java that rose up. The gods then cut a piece of the holy mountain and placed it on the northwest part of East Java."

"Mount Pawitra." Tirtayasa said and she turned to him with another smile that quickened his heart.

"Yes." She said as she returned to her drawing. "The main part of Meru Mountain became Semeru volcano and became the holy abode of Lord Shiva."

She was quiet for a little while until she broke the silence as she moved her hand in small motions "I always liked that story." She said in a musing tone.

"It reminds me that even powerful gods like Brahma and Vishnu never get it right the right time, that there is always something to be done to improve and to change to achieve balance and perfection." She said as she finished sketching.

"It is a comforting story." Tirtayasa agreed quietly and she looked at him with a small smile.

"It is, isn't it?" she said beautifully "It's wonderful in its own way." She finished as she placed the sketch beside her.

Before he could get a closer look, the door to the principal's office opened and both sets of eyes looked towards it. The principal stepped forward and looked at him and then her before he spoke.

"Fatimah Shivuin and Tirtayasa Fisibilillah" the principal said. "Please come into my office." The principal said as he walked back into his office.

Fatimah rose and walked forward. Tirtayasa stood up and made his way towards the office before he stopped and turned back around.

His eyes fell on the sketch and smiled when he saw what she had drawn. It was beautiful, the sketch of a serpent with its tail wrapped around a turtle that carried mountain on its back as it swam through the air. The land below was rife with animals like tigers, orang-utans and other famous beasts of Java. Even in black and white, it was great. She really was immensely talented.

He realised he was lingering too much and he quickly walked into the office and his eyes widened when he saw the blonde woman sat in the principal's seat.

He quickly recovered and took the seat next to Fatimah and he settled himself into the seat.

"Hello Mr Fisbilillah and Ms Shiviun" the blonde woman said in English. "I am Amber Merek, an executive director of Sphinx Group, the financier of this academy." She paused as the woman's brown eyes flickered between him and Fatimah "I believe you may have heard of us?"

"Yes" "Yes Ms Merek" they said.

The blonde woman smiled kindly at them "Good." She looked down and flicked through a few pages in the document.

"Ms Shiviun, a B+ grade average student though the teachers note that you can improve if you set your mind to it." Ms Merek said as she read of the page. "Though it seems like you've already chosen your path as an artist." She said as she turned to the next page and read it silently. She closed the document and took the next one.

"Er Ms Merek?" Tirtayasa started carefully. She looked at him with a kind smile.

"You must be wondering why you're here?" she asked, her eyes flickering between the pair of them. Both of them nodded. "It will be explained shortly." She looked down at a document.

"Mr Fisbilillah, an A+ grade average student with particular strengths in physics and mathematics" she flicked through the next page "with a keen tendency to approach problems with methodological steps" she looked up and met his gaze.

"You have also shown to be non-dismissive of spiritual despite your strong scientific leanings." She said to him. It confused him a little. He didn't really understand why that would matter. He knew he was a little different to most other students when it came to spirituality.

The academy was secular and strongly disabused religion but there was still a lot of classes that focused on spirituality, concepts and ideas of the nature of the universe.

He liked the idea of there being more to the universe than logical structures without the whole superstitious element about gods and so on.

Most of the students in the academy were from all kinds of religious and ethnic backgrounds, Indonesia was like that but they all came to the academy at a young age without really going home for over seven years, some even longer if they were brought during the war.

Most lost interest in religion and spirituality even if they were taught it, especially when they knew that the education here was really good and that doing well in the sciences and other subjects would get them far, farther than they would have reached had the academy not come and took them in.

"Now," Ms Merek said as she placed her hands on the table in a tight ball. "As to why the two of you are here…well, it's quite simple really. The pair of you are among the best students in the sixth and seventh year groups and I am here to offer you a choice." She said with a smile.

"A choice?" Fatimah asked.

Ms Merek smiled at Fatimah.

"What would you say if I told you magic exists?" Ms Merek said to them and it stunned him. Magic…

What?

"I would ask what you mean by magic." Fatimah said, taking him out of his startled thoughts and he turned to her. He was surprised to see her taking this far more serious than he thought possible.

This had to be a joke. Surely?

Ms Merek smiled at Fatimah "A form of energy that has existed since the dawn of time and that certain kinds of life can tap into and use. An energy that can alter reality, in a small scale, to various degrees and possibilities, only really limited by ones' imagination, drive and strength."

"You're really saying magic exists" Tirtayasa couldn't help but state in shock.

Ms Merek took out a stick, a pale stick that looked seemed to fit her hand very well and she flicked her wrist. Tirtayasa tensed as the room became noticeably colder and his mouth fell agape as ice crystals formed in the air and soon enough it began to snow in the principal's office.

The blonde woman twisted her wrist and the snow begun to gather, coagulating into a ball before it turned into a icey bird, a parrot, and it flew above their heads.

"Magic is real, Mr Fisbilillah, Ms Shiviun." He turned to her and saw her smile widen "And for the two of you, it can also be real. If you chose it."

"Why haven't I seen magic before?" Tirtayasa asked as he turned to Ms Merek with wide eyes.

"Magic is a closely held secret." She turned to the principal before she met Tirtayasa's gaze "People fear what they do not understand. And what they don't understand, people tend to hate and wars have been fought over less. It is better that it and those who can do magic remain secret."

"Wouldn't people stop fearing magic if they had it?" Tirtayasa asked.

Ms Merek smiled at him sadly "Not everyone is able to do magic or have it. Only a very few number of people can."

"Wouldn't I know if I had magic?" Tirtayasa asked.

Ms Merek nodded "Yes, by now you would have if you were born with magic. This is why I am here to offer you a choice."

"Are phoenixes real?" Fatimah asked suddenly and Tirtayasa turned to Fatimah. He saw wonder in her eyes as she looked at the flying ice parrot.

"They are." Ms Merek said with a smile and she finally drew Fatimah's eyes to her. "Just as dragons, unicorns and more are real. The indigenous magical creature to Indonesia, Ahool also is real." She added.

Fatimah turned back to the still flying ice parrot.

"Why us?" Fatimah asked in a whisper even as she stared at the icy parrot with a ponderous expression on her face.

Ms Merek swept her wand again and the snow and the melted snow all disappeared as if they were never there.

"Because you are special." Ms Merek simply said before she continued.

"There are people who are naturally born with magic, such as myself, and those who come from a magical line but have lost their magic."

"And we are in the second group?" Tirtayasa asked her and Ms Merek smiled.

"You are. For the longest time, it was only through chance that people were born with magic from inactive magical lines but now we are able to reactivate it in you."

She turned to Fatimah "The both of you. That is the choice that I am offering you."

"Yes." Fatimah said quickly, almost breathlessly "Yes, I want magic." She said, her voice unable to contain her excitement as she recomposed herself.

"Excellent." Ms Merek said with a gentle smile and she turned to Tirtayasa.

He had his doubts despite wanting to say yes desperately, many questions as to how involved the Sphinx Group was with magic, why they took mostly orphans or those who were unwanted in but then he glanced at Fatimah. He knew he couldn't leave her to this alone and in all honesty, he was always going to say yes despite his reservations.

"Yes. I would like to have magic too." Tirtayasa said and he knew that life was going to be very different than he thought it was going to be.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

21st​ of December 1953 – Boston, America

With two near soundless pops, they arrived at the front of the gates to the large estate.

He looked to Emily and saw her nose scrunched a little "The tingling?" he asked her, a half smile on his face as he raised his arm. She shot him an annoyed look but grabbed his arm anyway.

"Yes." She said primly.

His smile grew a little.

Apparation from Antarctica to Boston America was not an easy feat to accomplish, even for them. He also had a tingling sensation in his toes which was an odd phenomenon he wasn't entirely sure how it comes to be.

"Let me know if they still tingle later." He said teasingly as he walked through passed the gates and towards the estate. "I can use my hands to wring it out." He said suggestively, a playful smile on his face.

Her expression peeked up "Don't say anything you're not willing to carry out" she said with slight narrowed eyes.

Atticus laughed. She loved his little foot rubs, especially after a gruelling duel.

He looked at her and his smile widened. She looked absolutely ravishing, the way the black dress hugged her form tastefully, her hair that was up which exposed her long thin neck that made her contrasting blood red lips draw him in even already having ravished them before they left Illos.

It seems like she picked up on his thoughts and she rolled her eyes though he didn't fail to spot the pleased little smile that was half hidden.
He turned away from her as the door open.

"Atticus, Emily" Louie Kōnstantînos said respectfully as he stood by the door.

Remnants of Mediterranean heritage was still apparent in his looks despite having long moved from the city of Athens.

"Louie" Atticus greeted with a short nod to his brother-in-law whilst he led Emily's hand towards Louie who took it and kissed it as custom required.

Louie guided him into the home "Marie has been unrestful all day" Louie said with an exasperated smile "A one-time gift seems to have won her heart of who is her favourite."

"Abraxan foals tend to have that impact" Atticus said with a pleased tone in his voice.

"UNCLE ATTY!" a little missile happily hollered out, hair swaying from side to side as she ran out at full pace at him, as fast as her little legs could go.

With a mischievous flick of the finger, Marie flew through the air, giggling and laughing as she soared, and into his waiting arms. "Ooof" Atticus said with exaggeration "You're getting heavy"

"Noooo I'm not" Marie said as she wriggled in his arms.

"So you're still little then?"

"No, I'm big!" Marie said and Atticus laughed before he placed her on his shoulders.

"Daddy, look, look! I'm taller than you!" Marie said excitedly.

Louie shook his head with a smile on his face "Yes you are Marie." Louie said before he locked his gaze with Emily and then him "Sophia is in the living room" he said as he gestured forward and they began to walk, following him towards there.

"Giddy-up, Giddy-up!" Marie said as she bounced on his shoulders, her hands slapping the top of his head which caused Emily to look at the pair of uncle and niece with an amused look.

"She's turned more wilful" Emily mused to Louie who only sighed a little exasperated.

"She has. She's also managed to somehow get away with it more often than not."

"Not surprising" they heard and they turned towards the familiar voice. "She is adorable even if she's a troublemaker."

"Not troublemaker! I'm always good! Daddy always says so!" Marie said and Sophia turned to Louie with a raised eyebrow.

"Even when mama says you've been bad?" Sophia asked her daughter and Louie looked a little nervous.

"Yes!" Marie said happily and Sophie turned to Louie with narrowed eyes.

"You're trying to be her favourite aren't you?" Emily asked wildly amused even if it didn't appear so.

Louie grimaced before he smiled and shrugged "It can't be helped."

"Hmm." Sophia intoned, unimpressed "we'll see about that." She said to her husband who once against grimaced.

"You got your papa in trouble, Marie"

"Nuh uh Papa got papa in trouble!" Marie said with protest and Atticus' lips twitched and the rest of the adults looked at the perceptive little hooligan with amused exasperation.

After they had dinner and caught up, Atticus and Sophia left through the backdoors of the Estate and towards the gardens. He walked with his sister through the light snow in her gardens, her arm wrapped around his. "How are things really?" he asked his sister.

Sophia sighed "Things are fine…nowhere near to what it was before." She said with a glance to him. Atticus nodded lightly, an apologetic expression on his face.

Both his and Emily's plans had impacts on his family. Significant impacts. He wasn't sure if he would have been able to protect them without his Sight.
Things had mellowed out and warnings sent out both in reality and in threats were enough for interested parties to stay away and it helped that politically his family were extremely well protected in the States…both his sister and their extended family.

Louie Kōnstantînos, a third son of the Founding House of Kōnstantînos only solidified that though he would have preferred Charles to have survived. His sister deserved love and while he knew she had grown to care and may be even love Louie, it was not the kind of love she once felt for Xavier Charlestone's great-nephew.

"Should I expect things to get worse any time soon?" Sophia asked him directly.

"No." He told his sister and it was the truth "Things have settled and Illos is still three years away from coming forth."

"And Britain?" she asked knowingly "Are things done there?"

"They are." Atticus confirmed to his sister. "Magical Britain is becoming a better place for everyone."

"Especially for you and Emily." Sophia said as she turned her gaze away from him "Ouroboros looks like a powerful group. Be careful you don't lose control over it" she said.

"We won't." Atticus said as they walked.

Ouroboros was a mixture of both merchant and also noble families, noble families that once sat on the Wizengamot but it was the merchant families, families that were hundreds of years old but never became nobility, that was the core of the group.

Merchants that turned wealthy only because of him and Emily and that were oath sworn to her. To lose control over them was not something that could happen even if people 'joined' the Ouroboros party.

it was several minutes later that either of them spoke and it was Atticus who broke the silence "I would like to approach our Aunt." Atticus said to his sister.

"Our aunt or my President?" Sophia asked as she glanced at him from the corner of her eyes before she fixed them back towards the snowy path before them.

"Your president?" Atticus questioned.

"I am a MACUSA citizen, dear brother."

"You're an Illosian citizen." Atticus reminded her and Sophia rolled her eyes.

"Illos exists nowhere except in Illos. After Britain exiled us" Sophia said as she turned to him with a glaring stare before she continued "I needed to take up citizenship since we're officially non-British. MACUSA graciously offered."

"And" Sophia cut him off "And I won't give it up even when Illos becomes known. Not until it's later."

"You won't come to live in Illos?" Atticus questioned her despite knowing her answer and from the look he got from her, she knew he knew that she wouldn't.

They said nothing for a little while "Your president." Atticus said finally.

Sophia remained silent for a few seconds "She's probably expecting you anyway. I'll see what I can do." She peered at him "I take Japan's stops of trying to re-establish trade with former trading partners is your doing?" she asked accusingly.

She was probably annoyed that he was throwing a wrench in whatever business scheme she had been thinking of, likely one that involved in MACUSA establishing closer ties with Japan in exchange of their markets opening to her businesses.

"Why does everyone always think I have something to do with it?"

She looked at him with a deadpan expression "Because usually you do, little brother. You're annoying, even now, like that."

He grunted displeased and after a few seconds "Yes." He said finally "Yes, we're indirectly responsible." He said.

"So they'll be the first?" Sophia asked after a few moments.

"Yes." He told her. She knew that he was planning on tying magical countries closer to him through different ways, many of those ways diplomatically.

Sophia nodded "MACUSA second." She peered at him "Or third" she said knowingly, referring to Magical Britain.

He only smiled at her and she rolled her eyes. Absent-mindedly he wondered why the women in his life liked to roll their eyes at him.

"It'll have to be spectacular to pull MACUSA to your corner even if they like you as much as they do." Sophia said and she continued "And before you ask, I won't help you in changing their minds. I'm staying out of it." She said firmly.

"I understand. Just arrange the meeting and I'll take it from there." He reassured her and she nodded firmly before she visibly changed her expression.

"How is mother?" Sophia asked him as she turned to face him fully, her expression showing the deep concern she felt for their mother.

"She's still coming back fine." Atticus said in a reassuring tone.

"It's not concrete yet, when exactly she'll be back but she will be back within the next year that is certain." After which she would stay and live with Sophia for a good few years at least.

They had only spoken to her a few times in the last four years and that was through recordings. The Ancient humans had developed communications arrays that were interlinked and allowed for instant communication but all of that was obviously gone. Now, communication – still faster than the speed of light but still far from instantaneous – took several months depending how many thousands of light years they were away and she was multiple tens of thousands of years away quite often.

Sophia's expression changed to happy relief before it morphed to contemplation. "I can't wait to hear her stories…the last time she was back she had much to tell."

Yes, it had been fascinating to hear though also extremely worrying. He could only really see events of Earth or events that were directly in his personal future. He wasn't sure why, perhaps it was scale, perhaps it was simply he hadn't learnt how to extend it further into the universe, but nevertheless the only things he knew of the galaxy at large is what his mother and Moira told him directly in his future.

And from the sounds of it, they had more problems than cataclysmic enemies…problems that could turn into cataclysmic enemies.
They were significantly more advanced than what he might have thought would be out there, especially given that it was only two hundred thousand years since the 'reset' of the galaxy as Moira would tell him in less than a year, but that was the current situation in the galaxy.

It seemed like things would become even more urgent for them to move out of Earth especially if they were so close to the world.

"Are you envious?" he asked, referring to when Sophia had the choice to go as well.

Sophia took a moment to answer before she smiled beautifully "No. Not when I know that I would not have had Marie."

Atticus smiled at her "I am glad."

She nodded as she grabbed his arm more firmly "And you?" she asked him curiously "You know that your choice of doing all that you're doing has taken away from the possibilities to be out there" she said as she turned skyward "to be an explorer, to see the stars and the planets and the nebulas of the galaxy."

She turned to him "Do you regret it? The choices you've made?" She asked, inferring to more than just exploring the galaxy.

"Not when I know it's for the better for our people." Atticus said to her.

"Not a clear answer, little brother." Sophia commented astutely "Still, I understand." She said and soon enough they turned back towards the warm house.

The rest of the evening went smoothly and it was time well spent with family.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

The Void

Anne Sayre POV

She watched the changing patterns that were more like flowing curtains of purples and greens, endlessly shifting hues and in swirls that somehow managed to always generate a new colour of greens and violets in its small difference.

There was a sense of poetry to it, she mused to herself as she sat there by the window of the control hub of the ship.

Slipspace was nonvisible to the human eye but the ancient humans were able to pick up in slipspace the massive rippling magnetic fields that was within the galaxy. Something about boundaries existing around clusters of star systems and these flowing curtains were merely projections used to determine the health of slipspace.

She knew little of the complex mathematics that lay behind those flowing curtains, that allowed for such travel in seas of mesmerising splendour but none of that took away that sense of poetry, of the idea that there was a sense of simplicity in such impossibilities.

She often sat by this window when they travelled, which was nearly all the time, and simply watched the beauty of these curtains. It helped that it was reminiscent of her son's eyes and it chipped away at the deep longing she felt for her children and the grandchild she had never met in some small way.

She's been in space for the past four or so years now, in her estimation.

Four long years of nonstop exploration and before that she'd only come back a few times in the years before then.

She often regretted choosing to leave for so long

To leave behind all that she knew and all that she cared about.

Yet it had also been time for her to seek out new things and Moira had given her the newness she needed. Markus' death, the attack on her mother and the rest of her family, Grindelwald and Atticus' defeat of the man, Atticus' and Emily's plans for the magical world and Sophia's own journey to find her place in the world…

Much had happened in those years. Much had been revealed as well.

Where she had seen Sophia break and reform into a stronger person, where she had seen Atticus grow and become a man that he was always meant to be, she had instead felt…lost.

Her children had no need of her and she had felt unanchored.

Britain had not felt like home when she had returned and those parties and events felt hollow, the people feeling just as hollow, people who pretended at being people as they showered her with praise and congratulations for 'bearing' such a strong Lord…

She knew then that after what she had experienced in the past few years that she could never go back to being 'Lady Sayre', the socialite that acted as they did, that talked like they did.

Not after the loss of Markus, the loss of her father, her cousin and only a few short years afterwards her mother who had lingered on longer than they all thought.

She had felt unanchored and despite her children's attempts in including her in their lives, she knew that it was time for them to find their own paths in life.

Moira had offered an opportunity that she took it despite the heartache. Looking back, she realised that Atticus had known before she did that she going to leave.

A soft smile came across her face. He put in extra effort in spending time with her that year. He was a wonderful son.

At times, she thought amusedly and a little exasperated.

He'd inherited much from Markus but one thing that was entirely his own was his bullheadedness. Her smile fell off. Perhaps that was why he was the Sayre that would take their people to the stars.

Leaving with Moira hadn't only been opportunistic…she was doing it to safeguard her children. To safeguard Atticus. It sounded odd, it truly did, given what he was capable of, how able he was at defending himself but there were things that Atticus did not know, could not see.

One of them was about what was out here.

Atticus was dead set in moving worlds.

But without knowing where to go, it was folly. Without knowing who was out here was folly and joining Moira to see whether her ancient enemies were still around was a way she could protect her family.

Atticus would protect the rest of their family back home.

Soft footsteps on the metallic floors distracted her from her musings and she glanced over her shoulder.

Moira was dressed in blue-white clothing with almost impenetrable skin tight suit underneath the loose clothing. It was one of her people's customary way of dress.

"We are almost there then?" Anne asked as she stood up.

Moira inclined her head in her usual way. "We will arrive in less than ten minutes."

"Good. I would like to stand on earth again. It's been too long." Anne said.

Moira smiled "Phelixes should still be habitable and oxygen rich. It was only a research facility during the later eras in my people's time. Its distance from our empire's domain and close proximity to their space made it unsuitable for long term colonisation."

Anne raised her hand and the holo of the planetary system popped up. Its sun was similar that of their own but that was where most of the similarities ended.

Where there were seven planets in the Sol system, there were eight here with four rocky worlds packed in the 'habitable' region though the planet nearest two to the sun in the habitable region were borderline whilst the other two were too close to the star and were little more than barren rocks.

But what made it special was there were moons in this system that had atmospheres, moons that were larger than average and that could be changed

They however, along with some of the planets, would need a lot of work to make them comfortable.

She zoomed out of the solar system until the view changed to that of the galaxy.

In the years of travelling, they visited hundreds if not thousands of worlds that once had been in the Human Empire and known Forerunner worlds, worlds that were now bereft of life with only traces of their legacy remaining.

They had travelled first to the galactic margin which had been the first worlds that fell to the Flood and had found little life there and most of the worlds had their atmosphere and life destroyed.

From there, over the years, they'd circled inward, finding many worlds destroyed or barren though there were some that recovered, until they reached Charum Hakkor, the ancient human homeworld and capital.

She remembered Moira's look when she'd gazed upon Charum Hakkor, the world where she had been born and raised on, one that spoke of unimaginable pain of having lost everything.

Moira had said that it still looked the same even after thousands of years since she left been here, when she had first awoken from her sleep that Yprin Yprikushma had forced her daughter in.

The world's biosphere still had not recovered and the planet was devastated, craters that could fill oceans as large as the Mediterranean and massive cracks on its surface that ran for thousands of miles amidst grey and barren sea of rocks made it clear that the planet was dead and would take momentous efforts to resurrect it.

Little evidence existed of the ancient humans. The Forerunners had been thorough in wiping out the Ancients existence from the system…from the galaxy.

It was frightening to know how thoroughly the Forerunners had been capable of wiping out hundreds of thousands of years of history and development on thousands of worlds. It spoke of a deep seated hatred that was obsessive, that they wanted to destroy humanity so completely…

The Phelixes system beeped in the view, breaking her out of her thoughts and with a few motions of her fingers, Sol System beeped as well.

"So far…" she whispered as she stared at the Holo.

Sol was within the Orion Arm, within the constellation Orion. The nearest brightest star within the northern hemisphere was Sirius, Procyon, Altair and Vega which were all within a twenty five light year radius and all were systems they've visited.

Only Sirius and Procyon had planets that could be colonised which once upon a time had been ancient human worlds and fairly intact. The star called Epsilon Eridani was another one such system though this one was rather special with how many habitable planets it bore and were intact.

Moira said to her that it wouldn't take long to make the rest habitable either despite the erosion of the biosphere as a consequence of the Ancient Human – Forerunner war.

Yet all of them were unsuitable for how close they were to Earth…and more. With slipspace it hardly took any time to get to these worlds and it was something that they rejected completely.

Even rudimentary Slipspace systems would be able to make that jump in one journey. That was something none of them wanted even if it would take a thousand years for the muggles to develop slipspace of their own.

Atticus believed that the muggles would figure out a way to travel at percentages of the speed of light and create 'generational' ships which would circumvent needing slipspace technology to travel faster than light.

Cryo-sleep was a relatively easy technology to develop, he had said, and that it was too risky to build a home so close to the muggles.

Moira had echoed such considerations and it was better to put at least a little bit of distance between them which was why they scouted for worlds in the Rho Ophiuchi region, a star forming region where there was a particular world of interest.

A world that was stated to be similar to the Earth and would not need a lot of work.

Unfortunately, it was also occupied…something that they had found evidence of all across within a thousand light years of Earth and even much further.

That was the other reason why it was important to find a world far from the Orion arm. There was an alien civilisation around Earth's corner.

The Covenant.

What they had learnt of them was disturbing and it was only thanks to the advanced technology of the scout ship and its cloaking systems that they had not been discovered when they gathered the information.

An alien civilisation, a hegemony, that spanned across thousands of star systems and had tens of thousands of star ships, many of them a third the size of Illos itself!

There were at least five species within this hegemony but it was clear that there was one that dominated, the same species that colonised the world in Rho Ophuichi.

A serpent like creature which stood upright and that had mandibles for a mouth. It was tall, taller than any human, even taller than Moira who was six nine, and had four fingers on each hand. Moira said that she did not recognise the species, that the species could have been one of the species that once were in Forerunner space but if the appearance of the creature was disturbing, it had nothing why their civilisation consisted of multiple species that were not related to each other.

They managed to disable one of the ships belonging to a bird like species – she now knew as Kig-Yar – and interrogated them and what they learnt was disturbing.

They worshipped the Forerunners as gods.

All of them.

It was what bound their society together and moved towards a goal called 'The Great Journey', the same journey that they believed the Forerunners took and transcended from the physical world.

She'd never seen Moira so angry then and it took time for Moira to tell Anne what she believed what this 'great journey' truly was.

She believed that whatever the Forerunners had done, it had wiped out massive amounts of life from the galaxy in their desperation against the flood.

There was no sign of the Forerunners after years of searching and given that these Covenant species were actively searching for 'Forerunner relics' for several thousands of years already without finding a sign of the Forerunners, she believed that the Forerunners either died out or retreated from the Galaxy when they wiped out all life.

The absence of their arrogance on their once known throne worlds as Moira said, worlds that were symbols of Forerunner mastery of technology and of physics, now were barren rocks absent of life and atmosphere. This was proof, Moira had said of their shame and guilt over their actions since nothing truly remained of Forerunner mastery.

Anne had often wondered, if Moira's thoughts on what may have happened to the Forerunners were true, whether or not the Forerunners had hated themselves just fervently and loathingly as they once hated humanity with the way the Forerunners had wiped out almost all evidence of their existence and dominance over the galaxy.

That these creatures wanted to do the same terrified Anne and they had searched for years what this weapon might be but they had found nothing.

No signs of what this weapon might be.

In the end, they decided to abandon the search for this weapon for now and focus on finding a world along an uninhabited region of the galaxy, far from the star maps they managed to seize from the captured ship.

The Phelixes system was within the Perseus Arm, on its other fringes and bordered the Saggittarius Arm close to the galactic core. It was almost fifty thousand light years away from Earth.

"It may be far but it will be safe." Moira said as she stood next to Anne. "There has been little sign of civilisation around this cluster of stars and neighbourhood."

"Don't tempt fate." Anne said with a side glance. "She's not that kind to begin with."

Moira smiled lightly at her comment and soon enough they exited slipspace.

They exited by the outer gas giant in the system, a gas giant that was two thirds the size of Jupiter and was of a similar hue of colours as that of Saturn though the blues overpowered the yellows.

One of the moons was the size of Mars and it had an atmosphere though this far out from the star made it a frigid world. There was signs of geothermal activity, Moira said, that the planet's tight gravitational orbit around the gas giant pulled and pushed at the moon and that it was likely that given time the moon could be made habitable as it had a strong magnetic field for its size.

They quickly passed the other gas giant which had several moons with one in particular that looked like it would be one of the easier ones to terraform and soon enough they were into the inner parts of the solar system.

The reports on the solar system, surveys that had been long ago, reported that the formation of the star system had been more violent than typical, that more rocky elements had been born during the star's birth which explained why there was so many moons of larger sizes and rocky planets that were fifty to a hundred fifty percent larger than Earth.

They arrived at the outer planet within the habitable region and she could see that it was a highly mountainous planet with snow and ice covering most of the rocks though at the equator there was water and many many volcanoes that were active. Its moon, larger than Earth's moon, was covered with a dense yellow and grey atmosphere.

The third world was on the other side of the solar system so when they passed through the system, they encountered the two worlds in the habitable region that were closest to the sun.

The second closest world almost like one sea of savannah, brown and green, with only two large bodies of water, one at the equator and the other in the north. It was also over twice as large as Earth and held several moons that were about the size of Luna.

The first closest world was a desert which was largely devoid of water with the exception of a single sea that looked smaller than the Caspian sea and was three quarters the size of Earth.

They passed the sun and they finally arrived at their destination.

Anne looked out at the world with her own eyes as they moved to breaching the atmosphere. It was green, startling green with high mountainous peaks that paved the paths for rivers to stretch out for thousands of miles, rivers that were wide and stretched into seas on either side of the landmass.

Valleys of startling green covered what land existed, there was little ice except for the furthest points north and south, mountain ranges that stretched for miles eerily reminiscent of the Himalayas were plentiful on this world yet it was it was the flatness and the rivers that really stood out.

Moira stood by her and Anne looked at her with a smile before refocusing on the world beneath them.

"It's a wonderful world." Anne said aloud with a smile on her face.

"It's an ideal world." Moira agreed "The planet does have an elliptical orbit but it is not extreme nor does it extend far enough for the temperature to drop below 10 degrees in the upper most northern and southern regions during winter. It would likely have been turned into a resort world had been closer to our empire."

Anne snorted. The ancient ancestors had some queer way of thinking she thought herself…to turn an entire world into a resort world. She shook her head as they sailed the air towards one of the valleys.

Anne exited the ship and she stepped foot on the alien grass in a special suit that protected her from the environment around. It was not needed, apparently this world was 'human' compatible and the air was about 21.9% oxygen and 77% nitrogen with only a few trace gases that were different to Earth and slightly different percentages of the other gases.

According to the data they had, it had never been terraformed which made it unusual for how similar it was. They'd presumed that it might have been a precursor world who were known to favour Earth like worlds and carbon based life.

Yes…

Her life was certainly different now she thought to herself as the skin tight suit around her fingers and hands retracted away and she touched the tall vibrant green that were a shade brighter. She closed her eyes and she extended herself like how Atticus taught her to do, when he guided her to feel more of the ambient magic of the world.

She'd done this on countless worlds…both alive and dead. She could not feel as much as she knew Atticus could, perhaps less than a fraction given how he often spoke to her about what he could sense and feel and see, but she could feel it strong enough to tell the differences between Earth and the other worlds.

Some felt like there was no magic at all, especially on barren worlds but also worlds that could be settled but had…something missing whilst others were stronger but not to the strength of that of Earth's magic.

This one…

This one felt stronger. Much stronger.

"Moira…" Anne began as she opened her eyes and swivelled around. Moira turned and looked at her, a curious expression on her face. "This world's stronger in magic."

Moira's eyes widened. Moira knew – there was little she would not know after spending so much time together – about her ability to sense magic. It turned into a criteria of what worlds were suitable for settlement.

Anne's hand went to the side of her neck and the bubble-head like helmet fell away and she breathed in her breath of the world and she smiled widely.

"This is the world, Moira." Anne said as she looked out happily. The tall vibrant green grass, the high peaks of the mountains in the distance, the sounds of the swaying grass in the mild wind. "This is going to be our home, I know it." She said as she turned to face Moira.

Moira looked at her for a while before she nodded "I believe you would be right." She looked at Anne curiously "No doubt Atticus will want to feel this world's magic."

Anne laughed "He might never leave." She said to Moira and she meant it to as she got used the world's magic. It was…more…it was hard to describe when you got used to the ambient magic.

Magic in places, in regions all had different strengths. Hogwarts was a powerful place for magic and the artificial region created in Antarctica was another.

Yet here…

It was just as strong as those places that were steeped in magic, artificially strengthened or no and she was sure that they had not stepped on the intersection of leylines by chance for the likelihood of that was very low.

"We can gather more up to date data of this system before scoping the stars in the neighbourhood." Moira said before pausing momentarily before smiling slightly at Anne "After that, if all things go well, we can return."

Anne smiled widened as she walked over to Moira. "It'll be good to be finally home." Home to her children. Home to her granddaughter.

Moira's gaze looked away from Anne's gaze and towards the valley "Home is wherever you make it…and this…this is an excellent choice of a home."

Anne stood by Moira and looked at where she was looking…yes…it was an excellent place to make a home and before long, she hoped, it would be theirs.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 91 others
mosefboombox117
Jan 15, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 11 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Jan 31, 2023
Add bookmark
#151
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 11

14th​ of March 1954 – Illos, Celestis Mount

The cold air tickled against him, the cold this high up, the highest peak in all of Illos, only feeling like glancing touches despite it being minus ten degrees Celsius.

He liked being here…in solitude yet not alone.

He breathed in the cool air as he sat on the rough rocks at the peaks of Mount Celestis, his legs crossed in a lotus position, his magic rising and coursing out of him like tendrils of spider-silk dancing in freezing air, interacting, meshing with the streams of magical energies that permeated through and throughout Illos.

He breathed out with a heave that felt like it was able to move mountains, and his magic was dancing to the tune of the universal song, his blood humming and thrumming to the metronomic rhythm of time.

The tendrils of magic grew into tree-trunk thick strands of purple green energy, swirling and twisting around him as the air grew heavy with his magic.

He opened his eyes and like the very moment of creation, the universe in all its magnificent layers opened up to him with blinding light.

And the layered…no…the deeply entwined magic within the very fabric of the universe felt like an old friend, an old friend that sunk into his bones, into his flesh and into his soul, welcoming him with all that he was and is and would be, inviting him to its bosom of profoundness, of infiniteness.

Profoundness sunk into him just as kaleidoscopic array of colours with infinity variety, of infinite spectrum dominated his vision, gentle ebbing physical currents of energy touching all that was, all that is, behaving like great plumes of smoke guided and taken away by complex patterns that not even he could hope to predict.

And in those great plumes of smoke, there were red hot embers that shone like beacons in a radiated sea of colour, bright and vibrant, like infant stars surrounded by iridescent gasses left over like amniotic fluids surrounding new born life.

His gaze fell on where he knew the city resided.

And if there were red hot embers that shone through the great haze of magic with a radiance, then the city below shone like the surface of a fiery sea of magma, glittering and radiating fiery liquid rock, their structures woven with magic that bore their own unique spectrum of magic, each building, each home slightly different than the other, each family unknowingly altering, changing the base structures to take on some qualities of those who resided within them.

And in those base structures, he could see the faint outlines, the faint threads that connected those homes, threads that crisscrossed throughout Illos, threads that connected people to places they begun to call home and to people they considered part of it.

A city people called home…and as more and more people began to fill the city many had started to call the Eternal City, more and more threads and connections were created that would persist until the day they faded away into the Domain.

His gaze went away to beyond the city, towards the rising buildings that housed various projects, research or production that were taken root on the outskirts of the city, far out into the hilly hinterlands of Illos before his gaze fell on the habitat domes that were now halfway filled with both magical and mundane animals until his gaze settled towards the stars.

He never tired to look at the stars…

He never tired of gazing at the cosmos that was of an unbounded magnitude, filled with worlds upon worlds, systems upon systems, all entangled in unimaginable complexity.

Even if he knew what lay there in the dark, in the crevices of space.

How could he tire of it all when he had such great admiration and reverence for all that each of those distant stars and galaxies represented?

That while stars and galaxies were of grand macroscale, those same stars and galaxies were not so different to that of the microscopic, where in each day, in each minute, in each second that passed, our pursuits, our relationships, our choices, all of it, all of that complexity all had moving parts that can be approached or could happen in so many different ways…

…just as those distant stars and galaxies were subject and vulnerable to endless moving parts, of sizes great and small.

A large star goes supernova and its impact is felt light years away, planets of neighbouring system are irradiated, perhaps even stripped of atmosphere whilst the newly formed black hole will affect entire solar systems with its gravitational pull for billions years to come.

One event impacts dozens, hundreds of others.

Just as one act, one seemingly insignificant choice made here on Earth impacts dozens…hundreds of lives that go on to erase or create so many other things, other choices.

A microcosmic cosmos yet it was more…connected.

Everyone, in their own way, constructed a cosmos out of chaos but it was within a greater cosmic chaotic tesseract with unbounded magnitude.

Unknowingly affecting things no matter how small or seemingly inconsequential, often done without a second thought of what it means, what it could mean.

People made sense of the world and found meaning in it despite the near vastness of choice existence gave and acted on that sensibility, on their understanding of what existence was, unknowing of the vast network each choice and decision existed in.

And it was that, that occupied his mind.

Amongst many other things.

His hand rose, his palm faced towards the sky and wisps of magic began to form within his palm. So much of magic was becoming expressional…unbound for him.

Rules of magic didn't exist for him and they had not for some time.

Perhaps they never really existed at all, and merely were limiters imposed when it became 'known' as laws and later 'observed' as rules. Perhaps they were little more like moral values, rules that merely were a product of the human mind, brought into existence through half-finished reasoning and observation.

The wisps of magic began to form into translucent blue light, crisscrossing channels of light connecting to one another until it began to resemble like the cross section of an ant colony.

Living time…

How apt a description, he thought musingly as he stared at the construct in his palm.

Life lived and through time Life linked.

Links and lines were formed from one moment to another, through Life and Death, through choice and by force.

Human thought, human experience, human action.

Boundless in complexity yet just as motions and events of cosmological scale are guided by gravity, electromagnetism, strong and weak nuclear forces, human thoughts, human experiences and human actions are guided by similar unseen threads.

Choice was choice yet choice was not choice and like planets caught in orbit of a sun, there were lines and bounds that tied individuals to one another that influenced and directed one's path towards a destination, towards a choice.

All entangled in infinite possibilities that could take place in any universe, in every universe with time as the medium through which it took form and in which it took place.

It was not an easy concept to understand…even for he who Saw Time in the form of threads…in the form of possibilities.

It was paradoxical, how everything was connected yet at the same time not.

It was only through his unique connection to the infinity that was magic that he was getting a glimpse of what governed the universe…of what Living Time was…

It was like a whisper…less than a whisper but there still, the comprehension magic was guiding him towards.

The same method it used to make him comprehend the nature of the cycles the universe was tormenting existence with…that the universe tormented itself with.

The phrase that individuals were not drops of water in the ocean but rather the individuals were the entire ocean in a drop was eerily righter than wrong.

Consciousness was more than what it seemed, more than what they understood…more than he understood. There was a vastness to it that tangled his thoughts in knots he was unable to straighten out despite his best attempts.

It gotten to the point that he was delving into texts and understandings of ancient peoples, those peoples who held a deep core of spirituality in their beliefs.

And it was helping…in a matter of speaking anyway.

Concepts such the world being merely a projection from a transcendent domain of being, that it was more consciousness than it was physical or that nature, existence had intentionality, that it was purposeful and teleological.

Concepts that he felt was closer to the truth than not.

From his own perspective, it posed an interesting consideration, he mused to himself as he stared at the spectrum of magic that hung just above his palm.

Being reborn into another universe, one that was meant to be fictional, made him understand intrinsically that existence was not as simple as life or universal laws.

Nor was it certain to make sense.

But all of his considerations all seemed to lead back towards the same destination, that consciousness was more than it appeared and none more so than the fact of how closely it was tied to the understanding of the soul, to magic and to reality itself.

Like the laws that govern the universe, there was evidence there were laws that govern the other…the non-physical for a lack of a better word.

Laws that seemed to thread and link people through Living Time like how particles could be quantum entangled, each particle capable of affecting in an instant no matter how far apart they are, even if they were each on opposite sides of the universe.

Choices were expressional acts of consciousness but even without input from someone like him, there were tangles connected to those choices, tangles that had always been there and always would be, indicating towards greater meaning and even greater plans.

It was all connected…magic, consciousness and reality.

It was a universal trifecta, the key to something more.

His contemplation continued for some time, thoughts that seemed to theorise without much progress and it wasn't long until he would be relieved from his thoughts when he felt her fly towards him.

She stepped down a few metres away from him and he rose from his lotus position.

"Lazing about?" Emily asked as she walked up to him, a faint smirk on her expression.

"A little." Atticus said with a tired smile "If you can call thinking on our studies of consciousness lazing about." He told her and she lost the smirk and a calculating glint entered her eyes.

"Have you made any new headway?"

Atticus shook his head "No."

The pair of them had begun to theorise on 'the keys' not long after what happened to him in his duel with Grindelwald even if they had not known what exactly they were looking for. Only after his experiences with the Domain and his increasing abilities with Time, were they able to put a name to it.

There was a membrane of consciousness that connected everything together and magic was a layer on top that membrane whilst reality was the upper most layer.

If they were able to figure it out, maybe they could truly end the endless cycles he was warned about by the shards and shades of billions of years old dead beings.

"I don't know if we'll make any further headway…I haven't seen us do it." Atticus admitted.

"But that doesn't stop you." Emily stated as she scrutinised him.

His face split and allowed a hint of a smile to take root "It won't. Did you think just because I didn't See it, I wouldn't keep it up?"

"The thought crossed my mind. You rely on your Sight a tremendous amount. It's an integral part of you…just as parseltongue is at this point. It wouldn't surprise me if you never followed on with something because you didn't see it."

"We both know that I am not omniscient and we both know that thinking that nothing escapes my Sight is foolish. I can't see everything. I do not even see a fraction of a fraction of all possibilities. The Monk made that clear and I am far from being able to reach his level." Atticus told her.

He may see more likely possibilities now, especially with his different way of viewing Time but that was hardly all that impressive given that he was far from being able see what that Monk had been able to see…or do…like manipulating threads of possibilities…threads of fate.

She nodded "Good. I think it's important we try and keep this up as much as possible. It might take decades but in the end…" she didn't finish but she didn't need to.

If they were able to understand…

They would have the keys to the universe.

"Anyway, shall we?" Emily enthused, her eyes sparkling with anticipation. "I've been waiting impatiently all day on this." She said and Atticus chuckled.

"Let's go." Atticus said with a nod and soon enough they both rose in the air and snaked around the mountain towards a pass that was nearly entirely hidden by a jagged cliff edge.

They descended down and began to traverse the uneven path.

They stopped before a rock face, indistinct from the rest of the Mount, and Atticus raised his hand. A glowing round dot with orange and red hues of light came into existence and it grew into lines which grew into symbols.

Illosian Runes.

Runes manipulated magic, neurophysical energy, to create effects that were manifested by the symbolism that was ascribed to their runic symbol and it drew and manipulated this energy from the air, from the streams of magic that permeated the Earth and the Cosmos itself.

This symbolism, the runic symbols fixed in their meanings and representations, was etched into the membrane of the neurophysical field, the magical field, and it allowed them manipulate reality and the local magical fields to bring about the effects desired, whatever they may be.

Mediums for runes mattered, of course, particularly if you wanted a more permanent effect to take root, like how they had inscribed runes into the diamond obelisks that had held up Illos, but it did not come into effect because of the mediums.

Mediums only affected the permanence of runes, not the effect of runes themselves.

Mediums for the most part were static and like the riverbeds of rivers, they moulded the path of magic into the direction and application desired.

Dynamic use of Runes was…different, he thought as he watched the symbols bend the fringes of reality around them. With a push of the hand, he sent them forth and into the rock face.

The Atlanteans had thoroughly mastered this form of Runes – Grindelwald's silver meteor-esque spell had been a very visible proof of that – and many of the ancient remnants of Runic Battle magic had their roots from their interpretation and application of magic.

Atticus greatly suspected that spells were heavily derived from the Atlantean mastery of dynamic Runes. After all…

Dynamic Runic magic altered reality just as spells did but where it all differed was the power that fed the alteration, the changes made onto reality. Dynamic runes wrote changes and alterations onto the physical reality itself, the changes induced was tangible as the laws of the physical reality were changed and it fed from the magic that existed and permeated in the cosmos.

Spells were given power by the individual's own magic – for the most part – and its effects a result of manipulation of magical frequencies through wand movements and meaning given through similar but different forms of ascription in the form of words and sentences.

Gestures and words and the individual's magic combined to alter reality or bring something into reality.

Different causes, similar effects and the survival of Runes as a branch of magic, a branch of magic that nearly every magical society around the world incorporated in their way of life only solidified his suspicion.

Over time, most remnants of Atlantean knowledge was lost and only concepts remained. Runes diversified when writing scripts formed and in that time, the use of dynamic Runes became less understood and thus less and less useful when magical peoples began to form their own applications of magic that once would have been given effect through dynamic Runes.

With the creation of Illosian Runes, a vastly more expanded vocabulary with meanings that functioned better than any other ancient runic language in existence, they could now use dynamic application of Runes to create combinations of meaning that otherwise would require spells to be created for the targeted effect and…

And with the expanded vocabulary with 147 runic symbols that could combine to form complex representation of concepts and phenomenon such as slipspace mechanics to spatial manipulation of dimensions to spiritual phenomenon to simple manifestation of elements, the applications of Illosian Runes were endless.

Most learned and capable mages were able to alter spells in some way as their understanding reached a certain point.

Wordless and gesture-less spells were often indicators of this.

His own fluidic mastery of Transfiguration was an example of this, and Grindelwald's and Emily's mastery of all kinds of charms and darker magicks proved a similar point.

Magic became more like something to mould instead of something to use.

Yet with this dynamic application of Illosian Runes, it took one's capabilities in magic to another degree. Reality became a canvas with the magic of the universe the paint brushes that one's own understanding and thought used to bring change into effect.

And once one mastered the Illosian Runes, particularly the dynamic form…

Reality was nothing but putty in your hands.

Of course, it required an intuitive grasp of magic and an intensive understanding of more than just the laws and rules of magic taught in school. One had to be in tune with magic in a way that most would never accomplish but in time…in time he hoped it would become something all Illosians would be capable of.

After all…

He believed it to be the next stage of magical evolution…

Both in the understanding of magic and within the makeup of his people themselves.

The runes sank into the rock face and the symbols lit up across the rock face before the face began to shimmer and then undulate like the surface of water until it faded away and left behind a clear path leading into a downward tunnel with the same grey metal walls as the rims of Illos.

Atticus turned towards her and he extended out his hand to Emily and she took hold of it, anticipation clear in her eyes.

He could understand.

He had felt the same many times when he watched this moment again and again.

"Tweenie!" Atticus called out and with a pop, his most loyal arrived.

"Your Graces?" Tweenie questioned whilst he bowed his head towards them.

Atticus smiled fondly at the well dressed elf. The elf – or rather all of the elves here in Illos – had taken to call them 'Your grace' or 'Your majesty' as a result of the increasing chatter amongst the Illosians themselves about choosing both him and Emily as their Royals.

As Lord and Lady of Illos, the lands and Illos itself belonged to him and Emily but the people nor the state were not part of that. People became citizens and were governed by the state where Emily and Atticus were the heads of but not its rulers, not unlike how Queen Elizabeth was the head of state of the United Kingdom but not its ruler, at least beyond a certain scope.

But as more and more people arrived, in particular former squibs turned magicals that were sworn to vassalage to House Sayre, the conversation was shifting to make what many citizens already thought what he and Emily already were.

"It's time Tweenie for us to activate the Mithril veins." Atticus told the elf.

"Yes, Your Grace" the elf said with an excited expression on his face. Atticus knew better than to try and dissuade the elf from trying to call him royal titles, titles that he had not even taken.

Tweenie snapped his fingers and after several pops, three elves appeared. The elves bowed "Your Graces" they said as one before they looked at Tweenie for instructions.

Tweenie remained the Head Elf of House Sayre and as such he retained a leadership position amongst all elves in Illos. He was very much the ruler of the Elves, something that the little man had taken on very admirably and ably.

In time, he would see Tweenie installed as a kind of Chief of the Elves when he transferred the bonds of the elves towards Illos itself.

Like Hogwarts, the elves would be able to bond with the worldship and begin their first steps towards creating an independent elf identity. It wasn't complete independence, not quite but that was something left to time and their own desires.

"The Royal masters are going to activate the Great Magic Rivers. Every elf is to stand by their positions!" Tweenie said sternly and the elves looked at Tweenie with huge wide eyes and quickly they bopped their heads affirmatively rapidly before they bowed towards Atticus and Emily and popped away.

"Great Magic Rivers?" Emily asked very curiously.

Tweenie looked a little embarrassed and even sported a bit of green tinge on his cheeks. "Yes Queenie Emily" the elf babbled, a hallmark of his nervousness as he tended to return back to his infantile way of speaking when he was unsure and nervous. "The Mithril is very very magical, more magical than anything we elves have ever heard about! Even old tales taught to every elf about the first elves never mentioned such great magic. To us it is like being sailing away on sugar clouds in a sky made out of honey!" Tweenie said dreamily before he flushed awkwardly.

"Well…" Atticus said with a little hesitant smile "Thank you for the…descriptive way of what it feels like to the elves." He imagined it probably would feel very similar to many other magical beings including mages were sensitive to magic like Hypatia or Parelius.

Tweenie bobbed his head and he bowed towards them "I shall go now, Your Graces. Tweenie will make sure the elves do exactly as planned." The elf said firmly before he popped away.

He turned to Emily, his hand that held hers rising slightly "Shall we go, Queenie?" Atticus said with a small grin. She narrowed her eyes as she tightened her grip on his hand.

"Do you really want me to tell the elves what little Marie calls you sometimes?" Emily said with a subdued tone, a dangerous glint in her eyes. "King…"

"OK!" Atticus said as he tapped her hand gently "Point taken." He said with a grimace much to her satisfaction. Honestly, the little she-devil had a talent for making the most ridiculous nicknames. It didn't help his mother only egged the little she-devil on.

Soon enough, they began their journey through the tunnel.

They arrived at the centre of the chamber where there was nothing but a podium with a Runic scheme on its surface that stood at waist height connected to dozens of channels of glowing silver metallic liquid that sunk away into the bottom of the walls and into the floor itself, most of it pooling in a basin not far from below their feet, waiting for the moment they are set to run through Illos like blood coursing through veins.

Emily's released a shuddering breath and he turned to her. Her cheeks were a tinge of red, her pupils wide and he saw her magic reaching out to the room.

"The magic here…" Emily trailed off, momentarily closing her eyes. "I never tire from it. It's pure…purer than I have ever felt anywhere else. Far more potent too…several orders of magnitude greater than Hogwarts…than even that of the Dinosaur reserve. Still feels…dormant though."

"Yes." Atticus said with a small smile on his face, his own magic emanating from within to seek out the incredible dense magic, and she turned to him, meeting his gaze as she opened her eyes. "It'll remain like this until something changes" he told her.

"Until we activate it after which it'll interacts with the whole of Illos." Emily mused and Atticus inclined his head slightly.

She stepped forward and gazed at the runic scheme. "How long until all of Illos feels even a quarter of this potency?" she questioned as he arrived next to her.

"Perhaps several years." Atticus said musingly. "It could be sooner but I think it's best for it to increase slowly over time. We also need to inform the High Council of this so that they're at least preparing for it."

After all, the magical density on Illos would be at the very least be twenty fold more than it was now. There would be effects. Even in the short term.

People would have more energy, they would feel more energised and capable of recovering much faster magically speaking and quite likely elderly people would find themselves healthier than they've ever been as the ambient magic nurtured them and reduced the pressure on their own personal magic to compensate for their age.

She nodded before she turned to him "The Guardian Array however will have its wards transferred within moments?" she gazed back at the runic scheme "The spell work we did was unclear how long the transference from the diamond anchor stones would take though I imagine that is what you adjusted" she said as she glanced at him.

"The minor adjustment made to the spell work was indeed to hasten it…without it causing any detrimental effects." Atticus confirmed "I wasn't comfortable with the Array being down for longer than a few minutes."

His expression changed subtly, his eyes taking her in "Are you certain you do not want to share being the keeper of the Wards?"

She turned to him, her own eyes inspecting him "No." she said after a few moments.

"You have said it's…intimate, this connection you'll share with Illos."

"Yes." Atticus confirmed. "It'll be several factors greater than being a ward holder of a home or for example Hogwarts." Atticus frowned as he paused, attempting to put into words what was most likely very indescribable

"It'll be like…almost like the magical bond we share."

Emily remained silent for a few moments as she stared at him until she wrenched her gaze away from him "I'm sure. Besides, I will be tied into the Wards anyway through blood even if I won't have the same level of control as you will have. I'm not as keen to tie my magic to Illos as freely as you will." She said to him.

Emily would be tied through blood but not through blood and magic, not like he will. Even though she knew there was little harm in doing this – he'd assured her of that long ago, she wasn't comfortable sharing her magic to that extent.

"Alright." Atticus said after a few moments before he stepped forward and stood before the podium. There were twenty seven Illosian Runes etched on the podium surface though the runes that were core were 'Guardian', 'Right of Blood' and 'Oecumene'.

He raised his hand as he drew on his magic, his hand beginning to glow dimly before with a simple expression of will, amethyst and emerald wisps of magic began to rise from his hand before they formed into thick vibrant strands of magic.

With effortless focus, he directed these strands towards the surface of the podium as if they were nothing but snaking limbs and the podium hungrily took in his magic and the runes glowed in violent orange hues.

The liquid Mithril began to stir, to shake at a high frequency, so much so that its surface began to undulate like how heavy bass shook the surface of water, and it began to fill the entire chamber with an incandescent silver blue glow, as radiant as a star on the precipice of going supernova.

He began to feel…a connection to the Mithril, a thrumming thread that connected him to the vast pools of Mithril that sat below and to the few veins that were already coursing through Illos like arteries.

He let out a shaky breath as the connection deepened.

If light equated to magic, then in this moment in time, it was as if he were standing atop a star made of magic, its power and magnificence forming threads to his very core of being. The magnitude of the magical density was immense.

Emily stepped closer to him and took his hand with her own before she conjured a knife. Atticus angled his hand towards her and she sliced it across his palm.

Blood trickled from his hand towards the indent at the centre of the podium surface.

The connection deepened even more, like a seed taking hold of fertile soil, each second that passed felt like days as his magic tied itself to the dormant, pure magic that seemed like it had always waited for this momentous occasion.

And like a seed, it began to sprout.

He heard her soft gasp as the air grew heavy as magic rose with a strength that could only be compared to how it might feel to be in the presence of the emergence of existence itself.

His nerves, their nerves were on fire, almost as if they were hosting an electric firestorm underneath their skin. Despite the intensity, despite the feeling of nerves being prickled, his magic and blood sung, nearly an ode of reverence as they both meshed and blended with the tune of the no longer dormant great pool of magic beneath their feet.

Waves upon waves of timeless grey blue magic began to emanate from the podium, from Atticus, until both of them began radiating amethyst and emerald and grey blue hued magic that thickened the air so much that it felt like they existed, waded in thick oil.

"Emily…" Atticus began in a voice that sounded disembodied, his eyes aglow with pure white light. "Tie yourself."

Emily stepped forward and with a sharp cut, her blood also dropped into the pool of blood. The hues of magic began to change, dark green hues of magic began to twist and orbit around the amethyst, the emerald and the grey-blue streams of magic.

Atticus closed his eyes and he sunk deep into the magic that was being radiated around them. He was weightless in time, in this moment, as he swam through the streams of magic. His heartbeat slowed to a crawl, life beyond him faded away into a haze as he reached out to his secondary body, this body made out from a pool of Mithril.

The concentration of magic was immense and it felt as if he was in the presence of divinity itself. He wasn't sure how long he stayed like this but it must have been long for he felt her reach out to him with her hands and her magic and then he decided.

Like an avalanche of snow racing down the slopes of mountains, the great pools of Mithril shifted and raced through the channels below the surface of Illos, channels that were thousands of miles long, humming and thrumming and brimming with untold levels of magic, all of it intended to act as red and white blood cells, all of it intending to course through the veins and arteries and organs of its new body that was Illos.

And Atticus felt it all, as readily as one might feel with their fingertips, all of it intensely and with great sensitivity.

He felt the presence of his elves as they stood waiting, waiting to slam the rune carved bisected pipelines made out of Adamantite against the surface of the Mithril rivers, pipelines that would act like a great copper wire from which the Guardian Array would emanate from akin to the electromagnetic field formed when current is ran through copper wires.

And just as the last of the Mithril reached the very end of Illos, he spoke up "Tweenie…now" he called out, knowing the elf was listening in to his commands.

He felt the pipelines slam into the Mithril rivers and he felt the runes activate all while the wardstones that powered the Array were deactivated.

He reopened his eyes and he saw that the waves of waves of magic were gone, now only an absent presence missed and felt like a phantom limb. "It's done." Atticus said tiredly. He could feel the wards already forming. It wouldn't take long before it was completely done.

"I can feel it." Emily said and he turned towards her. She was a small frown. "It's strong, my connection to the wards."

"Yes. It's tied to your blood. You might not be the ward keeper but you have as much authority over the wards as I do." Atticus said.

Emily nodded a little hesitantly before she looked at him curiously "I know we prevented blood-kin from being able to have similar connections to the wards but are we sure they won't be able to feel anything like we do?"

Atticus shook his head "I'm sure. The way we wrote the runic schemes made sure that it was tailored specifically to us. Not even our children would be able to control the wards." He told her as he met her gaze.

She said nothing for a little and after a few moments she nodded before she broke eye contact. Atticus felt a little disappointed that it was still a difficult subject for her.

"There won't be much else to do here now." Atticus said as he sidestepped the issue and Emily turned towards him "Shall we? I'm feeling a little barbeque at the moment." Atticus said with an easy smile as he held out his hand.

Emily took the hand "You're lucky your metabolism is as enhanced as it is. What you call barbeque is really an early grave for normal people." She said with a hint of a smile, the corners of her lips rising.

Atticus chuckled "That is exactly why I have it so fatty." Atticus with a dreamy sigh. Honestly, eating the kinds of food he could eat without really having to do any working out to maintain his body was very underrated.

He spied at her as they began to walk towards the exit "You can't really talk either. You eat more than a few slices of chocolate fudge a couple days a week."

She gave him a mild glare "There is a difference to a few slices of fudge and stacks of barbeque rib racks."

"Makes no difference to the waistline, dear wife." Atticus said with a teasing grin. "I doubt you'd be able to keep that waist either if it wasn't for the rituals."

Her head nearly swivelled as her glare turned acidic and he almost regretted it.

"Don't worry" Atticus said with still a grin on his face though he pulled her into him as they walked "I would still love you and all, even with a little extra" he said as his hand went to her backside.

It did the job as planned and she rolled her eyes as her glare melted away. "Sometimes you really are a fool" she said though with no bite to her words.

And as they reached the outside again, Atticus kissed her forehead "Your fool."

She looked at him, vague amusement shining in her eyes "Unfortunately" she drawled and he laughed as they began to rise in the air and soon enough they were on their way home.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

25th​ of May 1954 – Provence, France

Jean Delacour POV

He watched with a proud if bittersweet smile as his son and heir Francois exchanged vows with Antoinette Blaugrad. He felt a delicate hand on his arm and he turned towards his wife who smiled warmly at him, a knowing look on her face.

She knew how much this meant to him.

After the vows, it hadn't been long until the party begun and politics resumed its ceaseless

The years since the war had been very fortunate for House Delacour, his own imprisonment and subsequent actions as part of the Knights of Mimpost in the liberation of France and in the greater war itself had won him significant prestige and personal political influence.

His Médaille de la vaillance medallion, the equivalent of the British Order of Merlin First Class or MACUSA's Medal of Honour, had only aided in enhancing his reputation and that of House Delacour.

And with the prestige and reputation he personally bore, House Delacour enjoyed political power and public support that allowed him to influence policies of the French Ministry.

He had not sought the office of Minister for Magic, in truth, he had not wanted to.

And in truth…he had not needed to.

Matthieu Blaugrad, Christopher's father, had been elected Minister a few years ago and he'd always had the ear of his late friend's father.

Matthieu had been a champion for the rights of all French citizens and after tales of French resistance of all blood statuses, even by those in the fringes of society that bore creature blood, such laws and policies favouring equalisation of rights had been received well.

The man's political nose was perfect and he knew how to balance pureblood rights with the rights of others and it was the reason why many consider him as one of the best Ministers in recent memory.

It helped that any collaborators, even those just slightly rumoured to have aided the Grindelwaldite occupiers, were distrusted by the public and it was something Jean had utilised to discredit many of those who stood against him politically.

"Jean!" Harfang boomed jubilantly as Harfang walked away from the people he subjected himself to, Jean thought to himself amusedly. Lord Longbottom wasn't the only British noble in attendance…or the sole former member of the Knights.

As the years went by, Jean had kept up contact with many of the comrades he'd fought with, even if it only been a short period of time though in reality it had felt like an age. Longbottom, Bones, Potter, Bulstrode and even Hirahito, who had not come but sent money – something he called Goshugi – as a wedding gift, were those he had often spoke with.

Atticus Sayre had also been one of them…before his exile.

Harfang came over and offered out his oversized hand and Jean took it before Harfang pulled him in a hug. As always, Harfang cared not for propriety and decorum. Jean cynically thought that Harfang knew that he could get away with it if only for the charm and affable charisma that he exuded so effortlessly.

Naturally, it helped that he had a fearsome reputation.

And a rather large axe that he was more than keen to swing.

"Harfang." Jean said with a small smile as they separated and Jean looked over the giant of a man. He was a little more overweight than the last time he'd seen him which had been at his heir Harold's wedding to Augusta Rosier of a minor branch of the English Rosiers a few years ago.

Though the man still looked like he could do all of the ridiculous athletic and reckless manoeuvres the man had become known for during the war. No doubt he kept up practicing with that ridiculous weapon of his.

"Congratulations are in order" Harfang said with a great grin, the beard only slightly parting to show off pearly white teeth "Finally uniting your bloodline with that of your late friend eh? She's a looker too." Harfang said with a knowing smile.

Jean smiled. Yes…Antoinette was indeed a comely woman though it was not the reason why he had his heir marry the girl. He owed a debt to Christopher, his friend who had died during the liberation of the political prisoners held by Grindelwald.

He would have gone mad during his imprisonment without the persistent presence of Christopher…even if they had been separated by a wall and could only speak to each other. Antoinette was Christopher's little niece, Matthieu's granddaughter.

They had promised and joked with each other during their darkest times that they would look back to their imprisonment as nothing but a bad episode in their lives, sharing and joking in their old age as they were surrounded by grandchildren and great grandchildren who shared both of their blood.

He hoped somewhere Christopher would see that this small gesture kindly for what it was, that he was seeing it fulfilled even if was through his niece.

"Thank you Harfang. They are a good match." Jean said as he turned towards his son and daughter-in-law who were speaking with other French nobility.

Francois was not a martial man nor particularly business inclined. He was more of the adventurous kind. It seemed like his time in MACUSA had inspired a sense of adventure within him and he often said he'd like to travel the world.

He hoped with his marriage to Antoinette he'd settle down a little. He was still young and Jean still had many decades in him to lead the family but he hoped starting a family would inspire some amount of familial responsibility in him that was lacking a little too much for Jean's taste.

Still, given that he seemed to have warmed to Antoinette, he had high hopes that his wishes could come to fruition without needing to do anything in particular.

Jean turned back to Harfang, a curious expression on his face "Speaking of matches…how is your heir and daughter-in-law?" he asked of Harfang.

Harfang's smile widened "Augusta is a few months pregnant now." Harfang said in a proud voice.

Jean's eyes widened in surprise before his smile turned warm "Congratulations. Do you know the sex?"

Harfang shook his maned head "No. They do not want to know until they've passed the second trimester." Harfang told Jean and Jean understood. Pregnancy was difficult, especially for the upper nobility. Rarely did women have more than two scions despite the fact that women could have children well into their eighties, a main contributor to their low population despite magical society having largely eliminated illness and injuries.

It was an old superstition to remain ignorant of the child's sex until the child was developed enough that it was unlikely to die in the womb.

He'd been surprised that Harfang even told him of his daughter-in-law's pregnancy as families' kept such information to themselves, not only to protect the family line but also to save 'face' in a small way should the pregnancy be a failure. He supposed that it was Harfang's very telling way of letting Jean know that he valued and trusted the Frenchman.

It was a nice gesture.

"Well, I hope your grandchild is born hearty and hale with magic's blessing, Harfang." Jean said before he smiled a little "He'll need to be hale with you for a grandfather."

Booming laughter erupted from Harfang's maw "Aye and I have no worries that he'll be as hale as a Longbottom!"

Jean smiled at Harfang before his expression fell "Speaking of hale…how are things in Britain?" Britain had many eyes on them and had done ever since Atticus' defeat of Grindelwald. The past ten years had been…eventful to say the least.

Many in the upper echelons of French politics had been surprised that it took so long for conflict to break out, especially when the economy had been wrecked after Atticus had pulled financially and economically out of Britain and many other European countries that had worked with the ICW to isolate the Sayres from power.

And many of them, including Jean, had been surprised at the short but devastating attacks that turned Magical Britain on its head, especially with the way powerful heads of families were massacred. The death of Arcturus Black in particular, and Cassiopeia Black not long afterwards, had shaken many on the continent.

The thought that Arcturus Black, the Black Wand that liberated most of Norway could die so easily at the hands of what many consider as rabble had been unthinkable…until it happened.

And then for it to cause the events that lead and ushered in massive change in the British political system was something no one could exactly pinpoint as to how it came to be.

Most did however have an inkling of understanding, none more than Jean himself.

Emily Sayre-Slytherin remaining in Britain whilst the rest of the Sayres were exiled spoke volumes that the Sayres were not done in Britain, no matter what the agreement of non-political interference from House Slytherin had spelled out.

Of course, they weren't the only ones to understand this…Houses Black and McKinnon were too smart not to have known this also but with the Ministry eager to agree to end hostilities and uninterested in exiling a Founder House that many in Britain held incredible respect for, especially for the woman herself who became a cultural icon, well…

Plus, Archmages were very hard to dislodge even on the best of times.

They had known they were lucky Atticus' disposition prevented him from conquering Magical Britain outright and Jean knew all too well that had Atticus desired, even without the aid of his wife, he would have been able to do it.

In a grim way, this was perhaps the best way it could have ended…a short revolution not unlike the French Magical Revolution instead of a devastating civil war that would have caused many more thousands of deaths instead of a few hundred.

Of course, it also meant that now with Britain in the hands of Ouroboros, it also meant that Emily Slytherin-Sayre was effectively in control of Britain…and by relation, Atticus Sayre himself. A fact that did not escape the more astute.

Not that France would have much to worry.

France's position towards the Sayres had been positive though that had been the extent of their support…for the most part. Still, it was telling that France's economy was left more or less intact despite the massive flight of capital in Europe.

Just as it was telling that Jean held the licences to M-TVs and other Magi-tech inventions, something that allowed France to propel as one of the leading countries of magi-tech advancements putting them on par with Ireland and MACUSA.

Though with Britain's sudden shift in both attitude and economic interests, it wouldn't be long until they joined the world again with their own inputs into magi-tech especially as they repealed many of the bans against the branch of magic.

It wasn't the only repealing they were doing either.

Magical Britain, relatively speaking, had been considered progressive compared to many European Ministries but at heart they had always been pureblood dominated in their typical stiff manner.

…Something that was changing with laws and initiatives put in place to equalise opportunity based on merit and skill instead of pureblood status which Jean had never foreseen possible especially given their extreme reaction to the published findings about the true origins of muggleborns.

They had even consulted the French Ministry in regards to some of the laws towards those with creature blood and magical beings.

It was rare for any nation to react in such a way that didn't crack down even harder on the groups that perpetuated such horrible crimes and none more so than the British who were notoriously slow to adopt new ideas.

It had seemed the outcries of the public after years of economic and social turmoil had finally reached a point that great change was needed…lest a true civil war blooms into reality like what had happened during the French Magical Revolution.

Such quick change over such a small period of time, in both economic and in social context, was something that was gaining a lot of interest…and attention…not just from the French.

The ICW was very interested in the sudden shift.

Even when they should be focused on what is happening in Eastern Europe, particularly with the growing intolerance of magical beings and those of non-pureblood origin there…along with the reports of these dark group of wizards known as Ravenites.

Harfang's laughter petered up and his expression sobered and he let off a grunt "Much better…in fact better than it's been in for a long while." He looked at Jean meaningfully "Ouroboros has been strangely very progressive and even amongst the nobility in the Council of Lords there has been grudging acceptance of laws that none of them would have supported even just a few years ago."

Jean narrowed his eyes as he eyed Harfang meaningfully "House Slytherin's influence must be tremendous." He commented and Harfang only smiled.

"Even with the loss of her noble title and refusal to take up a noble title granted by the British Ministry of Magic as the lawful government of Magical Britain, her influence is very strong. There is a reason why most refer to her still as Lady Slytherin or Lady Sayre." Harfang said with a noncommittal grunt.

For all of Harfang's…abrasive nature, he was far from a fool.

Jean looked at Harfang with a surprised glint in his eyes "I didn't know that calling her Lady Sayre in the open was acceptable."

"The Sayre name is no longer taboo…at least not completely. The country is different now and given that it is actually passing many of the laws he advocated for, it's becoming clear to most of the public that he'd been treated unfairly." Harfang intoned.

Harfang had never been happy with how things went down and from what he heard from their mutual associates, it took Atticus speaking to Harfang directly to dissuade him from acting out as he felt.

He had wondered what Atticus had told Harfang but Harfang had never spoken of it, even to Charlus or to Albert. Not that Harfang would have spoken to either beyond a certain degree given how much those relationships soured.

"Enough to see him return from exile?" Jean asked seriously.

Harfang remained silent for a few moments "Yes." He admitted, a sober smile on his face "though I think we both know our friend won't come out of exile until he's ready"

'And we better all be ready for it' Jean thought to himself.

"I'm curious to know what he's been up to." Jean admitted "I have not spoken to him since his exile."

"Neither have I." Harfang laughed "and Emily is rather tight-lipped whenever I asked, only that he is well and that he expects me to have mastered Desolation in his absence." Harfang grinned, his jovial nature returning.

Jean's lips twitched as he looked at Harfang's wide grin.

That battle-axe of his was honestly ridiculous in its size and Harfang loved it utterly. It also helped that the thing was perhaps the most powerful magical weapon he'd ever seen.

He'd been there when Atticus had gifted the large man the weapon and for a moment, he was sure Atticus had been afraid for his virtue from the way Harfang had eyed him.

"In any case" Harfang continued "I expect that when he is ready, it'll be a damn blast." Harfang's eyes glinted "No doubt the ICW will be roused like angry little bees."

Jean looked at Harfang meaningfully "I take it you'll be there to dip your hands in honey if there is a need for it?"

Harfang's smile turned predatory "Longbottoms do not renege on their alliances." He only said and Jean understood very well what that implied and in truth…given how closely the upper echelons of the British Ministry were tied to House Slytherin, he doubted that there would be many in the British Isles – including the Irish Ministry – that would not stand with the Sayre couple.

The political climate was very different to what it was in the late '40s.

The two parted not long after, both of them promising to keep in touch and as the wedding part neared its end, he was approached by an ambassador of the Japanese Ministry. "Mr Delacour" Ozutsuki Taneko said with a heavy accented in French.

"Ambassador." Jean greeted as the guests he was speaking to continued their conversation a little distance away from them.

"Join me?" the ambassador said as he gestured towards the gardens, away from the guests. Jean eyed the ambassador carefully but the man gave little away. Jean nodded his acceptance.

They'd walked for several minutes as they entered deeper into the gardens and it was at that stage the ambassador spoke up. "Has there been any movement in your Ministry to accept our offer of joint research?" the ambassador asked.

With Jean's relationship with Shinji Hirahito, he was often used as the point of contact for the more…unofficial communications with the French Ministry. The Japanese Ministry looked kindly to House Delacour, especially with its commitment to aid Japan with its trade when most of its neighbours reneged and embargoed trade on the back of their…unsavoury actions in Manchuria.

Jean glanced at the short man. "Not yet. Our…experts are deliberating the value to be gained from the research." Jean paused momentarily "We understand the…usefulness of the magic but from our point of view, we do not see why you might want this." Jean came to a stop and the ambassador turned to face Jean, a non-descriptive expression on his face.

"Japan is by far one of the most fertile lands in the world. This kind of magic…it is usually used by the Bedouins or historically used in Persia or Egypt." Jean eyed the man carefully "So for us…it's surprising."

The Japanese man said nothing for a few moments "Japan has no need of it at present but in time…" the ambassador met Jean's gaze "In time, we will have need of it and we will remember the aid given by France should your Ministry agree."

Jean stayed silent as he contemplated what the ambassador said. 'No need of it yet…' Curious…

Jean eyed the man "I will speak with the Minister. Perhaps I can help both of our people." Jean said to the man and the short man smiled before he bowed to Jean.

"Lord Ieyasu-sama will be pleased to hear this." Ozutsuki said to Jean.

Ah…that was right, the Japanese magical community elected Ieyasu Geiwa Genio as Lord Protector of Japanese Magical people not too long ago.

After that, the conversation more or less ended and Jean returned to the wedding. When his elves had sorted through the gifts, there had been one that was left nameless and after they confirmed it to be benign, they discovered that it was a priceless gift. An antique bracelet of Gallic origin with Gaulish Runic inscriptions.

There were very few remaining records of this ancient runic system let alone artefacts that were had such runes – the Romans under Caesar had been thorough in wiping out the Gallic mages and their way of life – and it was absolutely priceless especially amongst the nobility. Yet they did not know who had gifted them this.

It was days afterwards that he received a message that took him by complete surprise, one that bore the symbol of a purple Sphinx, Atticus' personal seal.

And it was why he was walking the quiet park in Marseille on his lonesome in the early hours past midnight, his footsteps the sole noise beyond the rustling leaves.

It wasn't long before he neared his destination and he saw an only figure sitting on a bench before a small pond illuminated faintly by muggle streetlights.

He did not have to question who it was…he could feel it even this far out…the same magical presence that had seared into his mind and his body remembered long ago.

He walked towards him.

"I hope your son liked the gift." Atticus said, his back still facing towards the pond as Jean neared. Jean rounded around the bench and looked at Atticus.

The years had been good to him. His hair was long, reaching his shoulders and his boyish looks that had still dominated even a few short months before his exile had gone and in its place there was a man who was the image of aristocracy.

Atticus turned towards him, his unique purple green eyes aglow with barely restrained magic were set on Jean, a small warm smile on his face. "Hello Jean."

"Atticus." Jean said, unable to keep his surprise off of his face.

Atticus turned away his gaze from Jean and pieces of what looked like bread floated towards the ducks. "Please sit, will you? You're hovering, old friend." Atticus said even as he didn't look at Jean and Jean blinked himself out of his stupor and sat down.

"What gift?" he asked, remembering what Atticus said to him.

"The bracelets."

"That was you." Jean said in understanding before he looked at Atticus with intense focus "Where did you even find such priceless artefacts?"

"You'd be surprised what you can find when you've travelled the world Jean."

Jean said nothing to that as he stared at the side of Atticus' face who kept looking at the pond. Jean sat back on the bench and turned his gaze to the same pond where the ducks were feeding themselves on the bread.

"Why did you reach out to me?" Jean asked finally.

"I would say that I missed talking to an old friend but somehow I don't think that explanation will be accepted" Atticus said with humour in his voice as he glanced at Jean before he sent the next round of bread pieces towards the ducks.

Jean snorted before Atticus continued "I'm here to let you know that my people and I will be coming back to the magical world soon." He said and Jean stilled as he absorbed that information.

"The people who left with you…" Jean said trailing off and Atticus inclined his head slowly as he turned to Jean.

"The people that left with me and the people who found a home with me."

Jean's eyes snapped to Atticus, his mind working a thousand metres a second "Other people than those who left with you?"

Atticus only smiled at Jean before he turned his gaze away from Jean "And when we return, we want a cordial relationship with those who we see as friends. Those such as France."

Jean stared at Atticus for a few seconds before he snapped out of it "France…you want to be friends with France?" Jean said slowly.

"As much as I would like us to be allies, I believe such is probably too early and politically difficult…once the ICW learns of us." Atticus said with a shade of a smile.

Jean let out a shaky breath. "You've really created a nation…haven't you?" he asked with a dawning understanding.

Atticus turned to Jean, a small smile on his face "Yes, old friend." His smile widened slightly "You would like what we have built, I'm sure." He said as he sent another volley of bread pieces to the ducks.

"Where?" Jean asked, his mind trying to think where Atticus might have taken root.

Throughout the years, the ICW and many other people – and Ministries – who looked because of the hefty bounty the ICW had placed, any search for Atticus and his people had come up short.

Jean had also looked, if only to satisfy his curiosity and he had no clue where they might have gone. He might have thought that they might have settled somewhere in the Pacific where there were limited Ministries or magical communities but nothing had been found.

No islands were missing from maps, both modern and centuries old, and no regions unsettled were found to have any magical presence.

"In time, you will know. If France is…amenable, you may learn sooner than when the rest of the world will know." Atticus told Jean.

"It will be difficult." Jean said after a while. "France has not forgotten the debt it owes you and the many of the Knights who left with you." Jean paused for a moment. Even with ICW and European pressure, France had not repealed the Médaille de la vaillance it had given Atticus.

"But the ICW has…is…growing more and more influential, especially here in Europe." Jean said hesitantly to Atticus.

The ICW had even established a base in Switzerland in recent years though they kept its Headquarters in Alexandria. For now. Germany, Poland, Austria, the Scandinavian countries were all working closer with the ICW as time went by…and it was telling the effect it was having on the organisation.

With the once Grindelwald followers incorporated within the organisation, there was a slow but certain shift in the organisation's attitudes. Shifts that the central and northern Ministries were actively encouraging as they reverted back to how things used to be before the ICW had gutted the aristocratic structures of the countries.

"I'm aware." Atticus said as he turned to Jean, his expression serious "I have been watching closely about what is happening…what will happen, old friend." A dark expression came across his face, one that worried Jean immensely.

He knew of Atticus' talents in Divination…his Sight.

It was part of the reason why many in France had listened to his words of the consequences of division and pureblood dogma, especially when mages talented in Divination confirmed that Atticus was truthful. No one in France wanted to go through another war, especially another war that decimated so many of the noble families.

There was already an appetite to liberalise somewhat after the heroics of muggleborns and half breeds during the occupation and Atticus' words of equality had resonated with many in France.

So to hear Atticus talk about something that will happen worried him immensely.

"The next few decades, my old friend, will be a challenging time and it will not be because us" Atticus told Jean.

Jean looked away from Atticus' gaze and towards the pond.

'And you would drag France into it' Jean thought to himself.

He wasn't about to believe his words that rang of prophecy on a whim. Even if they were from a friend. Even if he trusted that Atticus meant him and France little harm.

Jean knew that what Atticus was telling him was geared towards tying France closer to Atticus and his people.

Given the hostility that will emanate from much of the former Grindalwaldite European nations and the ICW, having France as an ally would offer a strong deterrent to immediate action.

He was tempted in refusing out of hand completely.

The headache Atticus would bring France made it very tempting to do so but he also knew that Atticus was a once in a lifetime wizard capable of what most could not even imagine, let alone actually do…and he was honourable and loyal. France would benefit greatly if this nation bore the fruits of Atticus' labours.

Years may have passed but Jean knew that for someone like Atticus, loyalty meant everything. He gave loyalty when loyalty was returned. That was part of his nature.

And alliances…well, that was a loyalty of a kind.

Still...

He had to remain cautious for France's sake.

"I will speak with Matthieu." Jean said finally as he glanced at Atticus from the corner of his eyes. He might have to convince Matthieu to prepare France for when Atticus revealed his new nation to the world for there was no doubt that it was going to cause some kind of impact.

"You can tell him everything I just told you. Naturally, I would like it to be kept a Ministry secret." Atticus said with a mild smile.

Jean snorted. "Naturally." He said tiredly. Yes…it'll definitely be a Ministry secret. The last thing they needed was the ICW hounds sniffing around in France. He still remembered the near inquisition the bastards had tried to force on them for having the rights to Atticus' inventions.

Speaking off…

"Do you want buy back your licences?" Jean asked him. That was a right that Atticus reserved when he handed over the businesses and the spell work for a pittance.

House Delacour would not need it, they made enough of the licences to last them generations alone, but he would rather not lose it.

Atticus stood up and turned towards Jean, his head shaking "No. Consider them yours in perpetuity." Atticus raised his hand and pointed it away from Jean. He paused for a moment, taking a moment to look at Jean. "It was good seeing you Jean. I'm glad that you could make good on your promise to Christopher." Atticus said quietly and Jean stood up as well.

He'd told Atticus at some point, a few years after the war.

It did not surprise him that Atticus remembered.

"So am I." Jean said soberly.

Atticus' hand began to glow and what seemed like sharp lines that formed into strange symbols hovered in the air until…

Until the air became distorted and shimmered until what seemed like a window formed. Tall grass and hilly lands were on the other side of the window though that was not what was strange…no what was strange was that he could not see a sky…only a grey something that seemed to stretch endlessly into the distance.

"It might be a while until we see each other again, Jean. Until then…may magic light your way." Atticus said to him with a smile before he turned around and walked through the window.

Jean stepped forward a little, his gaze intent on Atticus' back but within moments, the window closed and all evidence of Atticus being present was gone.

Jean stood there for a few moments, staring at where the window once was.

He snapped out of it and he chuckled softly to himself, his head shaking as he chuckled. Of course the man ended up making a new form of travel.

His chuckles petered out and he let off a sigh.

It seemed like things were going to be very complicated, he mused to himself.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

30th​ of January 1955 – England, Prince Manor

Emily POV

She stepped out of the floo, ashes vanishing before they could settle on her with a simple twist of the wrist and she turned her gaze towards the waiting person. She'd been invited and to be 'shown' something.

"Emily!" Eileen Prince said with a beaming smile. She was dressed in robes with fading splots and stains and Emily knew she had been in the midst of something in her lab. Eileen quickly walked over to Emily. Eileen curtsied quickly before she hugged Emily, a hug that Emily awkwardly returned before they separated.

There weren't many were so…affectionate with Emily. Really, other than Eileen, there was only Atticus, little Marie and her mother-in-law Anne. The latter two could be excused as people important to Atticus but Eileen…?

She hadn't been sure when she'd started to care for the young woman. Perhaps it had been even as early as Hogwarts when she was still attending it as a student.

Still, it didn't mean that she tolerated such open displays of affection in the presence of others, especially in front of Lord Prince and his heir who were her subordinates for all intents and purposes.

She cleared her throat "Are your father and brother around?" Emily asked with a stern expression.

"Of course not" Eileen said to her, clear understanding etched on her face and Emily relaxed and allowed a small smile to bloom across her face and she nodded to Eileen.

Eileen at least understood her well enough.

Eileen's lips twitched slightly but she kept whatever was on the forefront on her mind to herself. "Let's head towards my lab, I've got much to show you!" Eileen said excitably as she turned on her heels and made way towards her labs at the right wing of the manor.

Emily watched her go with a fond glint in her eyes before she followed though at a sedate pace. Soon enough they were in Eileen's lab, a lab that was filled with cauldrons and racks filled with potion ingredients, filled with glasses and beakers, and other equipment suitable for potions.

"As you know" Eileen began as she towered over a simmering cauldron "I've been experimenting with wolfsbane and Artemisia as primary bases" she said as she grabbed a notepad and shoved into Emily's direction.

Emily grabbed it and Eileen returned her attentions towards the cauldron, Eileen waving her wand over the cauldron. Emily opened the notepad and began to go over her notes.

Potions were a delicate art…one that required immense patience and experimentation. It was not enough to know what each ingredient did…one plus one did not equal two with it came to potions…no…

Sometimes one plus one equalled ten…or four…or twenty.

Ingredients interacted with one another that were not predictable, often causing different reactions in different combinations, even in different sequences. It was…infuriating and though Emily had talents for the art, she did not have the patience or time to spend on creating new potions.

And it was why she had some of the Seelie to map reactions of ingredients interacting in different circumstances, conditions, magic and stirring patterns along with coming up with a predictive model that would 'spit out' expected reactions not unlike a calculator would spit out numbers within fractions of fractions of microseconds.

That was still a little way away of course. Perhaps within a few years it would become standard she thought as she looked over the notes. Her eyes grew sharper as she read the notes.

"You've finally found a way to stabilise the transformation?" Emily asked sharply as she looked up from the notes. Eileen turned to her, a large grin on her face before she bobbed her head up and down.

"Yes!" Eileen said delightedly "Oh, when I got it, I hit myself for not getting it sooner!" She said with a shake of the head. "I failed to factor the moon cycles in the stirring patterns. The curse is intricately linked with the moon – especially magically."

"You've managed to fabricate the magical resonance within the potion?" Emily asked astutely and Eileen nodded fervently before she frowned "It was difficult and I'm not so sure many will be able to brew it. I think I may be able to make it simpler"

"That can come after." Emily said as she returned the notes. "If your notes are right…the transformations should remove the rabidity and the infectiousness during their transformation."

"Yes!" Eileen said excitedly "They become more like transformed animagi."

Emily suppressed a smile as she looked at the notes. This was what she needed to entice werewolf communities to her side. "But it isn't permanent." Emily only stated.

"No." Eileen said with a frown. "I'm not sure the curse is ever going to be reversible…only manageable I think"

Emily looked at Eileen. "I wouldn't be so sure of that." Part of the werewolf curse was soul magic. With this potion, or at least the combination of ingredients, they would be a step closer in figuring out how to reverse or alter the curse into something more useful.

Something she'll look into once she moved back to Illos where there were more resources for her to work with.

"I'm leaving soon" Emily said after a little while.

"Oh that's alright. You can come by later if you wish. The potion will take another seventeen hours before its finished. I can let you know when it is finished." Eileen rambled on "I'm sure you know where to get candidates ready for tri-"

"No I mean I will be leaving Britain." Emily interjected, stopping Eileen in her tracks.

As much as she was loathed to leave behind all of the fruits of her labour, she knew that it was time to let things ferment.

Her rights over Hogwarts would not disappear not would the work she's carried out in the lands surrounding Hogwarts, particularly in Hogsmeade and with the directions she'd leave behind, her work with the schools and cultural identity she was fomented would remain.

It was time she dedicated more time to more pressing work anyway…like her research in mass alchemic transformation. With the availability of Mithril, alchemy now had powerful application…maybe even alter entire biospheres.

Eileen blinked a few times.

"Oh." She said dumbly before she shook herself clear, a concerned look on her face "Where? Why?" she asked quickly one after the other.

"I'm sure you have an idea, Eileen." Emily said with a raised eyebrow.

"Oh." Eileen said, understanding clear in her eyes before she began to nibble on her lip "Will it be long until you're back?" she asked a little quietly, the shy girl she once was coming back to the forefront.

"It may be a few years." Emily admitted and she didn't have to use her magic to tell that this was distressing the woman and it made her a little uncomfortable.

She hadn't wanted her to be so…dependent on her companionship. It didn't help that Eileen hadn't been able to make other bonds with people despite her brilliance.

"I have spoken with Headmaster Dippet and Horace." Emily began again, ending the silence. "Naturally with my departure, it leaves the Deputy position open." She paused briefly "Horace will be elevated to Deputy."

"He'd be good at it" Eileen murmured.

Yes…Horace would be well suited for the position…if he can control his more unsavoury impulses. He'd been able to since she'd joined the Hogwarts staff, a few choice words had been enough then and leaving him a few choice words now with the greater power and influence she wielded would solidify him from seeking to abuse his new position…beyond a certain degree.

Emily only nodded "And that leaves us with the Potions position. Horace can manage the Head of Slytherin and Potions professor positions but he cannot manage three." Not when Horace likely to be taking more responsibilities from Dippet who was likely to retire within the next five or so years.

Eileen's eyes widened "I-I can't!" Eileen exclaimed "I'm not old enough, I haven't done enough!"

Emily looked at Eileen disappointedly "Eileen, you became a Potions Mistress at age twenty, the youngest in centuries and the only reason why you're not the youngest is because back then children were often apprenticed from a very young age in one specific field of magic."

Emily continued "You've also already improved five different potions making them several times cheaper to produce and you've created three new potions, including a Night Vision potion that's managed to become a requisite potion to have within the DLME. You are absolutely worthy of becoming a Hogwarts professor. Do not doubt your talents or your worth."

Eileen smiled as she flushed slightly under Emily's words.

Emily narrowed her eyes "Or was I wrong to believe in you all this time?" Emily said lowly.

"No!" Eileen defended before she cleared her throat and composed herself "No." she said firmly before her expression softened "You weren't wrong. I…Thank you Emily." She said warmly.

Emily looked away from Eileen's warm gaze before she nodded and returned her gaze to Eileen "Good. Then you will accept?"

Eileen nodded slowly "I will." She hesitated for a moment "I have never really taught anyone though."

"I'm aware." Emily said drily. For all of Eileen's brilliance, she was a terrible explainer of things. Some people had a talent for it, and Eileen's…well, they'd definitely have to at least teach her how to teach.

"Horace has agreed to help you until you're capable." Emily's expression shifted slightly "You won't be teaching all of the classes either. You have the choice to teach either until OWLS level or take the NEWTS classes. Both Horace and I prefer you to take the NEWTS classes since it should free up more of your time to still do research however it is your choice."

"Do I have to make the choice now?" Eileen asked after a few moments.

"No. You can take your time until May. We intend to finalise our choice of secondary Professor by that time." Emily told her.

Eileen nodded before she frowned "What about this potion? Will you still be around for us to conduct trials?"

"Yes." Emily confirmed "I will at least be around until the summer where we can conduct the trials. I know a few werewolves who would happily partake in the trials."

"Excellent! I can also start working on figuring out a way to make easier to brew in my spare time." Eileen said thoughtfully.

"You know it'll make you a household name…once you figure this out." Emily stated with a raised eyebrow.

Eileen grimaced. Emily knew the woman never liked the attentions her talent gave her. Particularly after a lot of the marriage offers were submitted to Lord Prince.

She had to…dissuade Lord Prince from accepting any. She wasn't concerned that any would mistreat Eileen...all of the noble families worth any salt knew that she favoured the young Potion Mistress and to displease her was a pain at best none wanted to experience.

No, her defence of the woman came because she did not want Eileen to waste her talents because she had to spend decades rearing children. Not when she had not accomplished what Emily believed her capable of.

Like this partial treatment of one of the most ancient and persistent curses in existence.

"Hogwarts is beginning to sound like a wonderful decision." Eileen muttered and Emily allowed a faint smile.

Eileen shook her head "What will be, will be." She said finally before she looked at Emily a little uneasily.

"Would I be able to visit?" she asked quietly.

Emily hadn't told Eileen anything at all really about Illos. Or much about anything else. Their…companionship never really delved into areas of those kinds of things.

It was more a mutually beneficial companionship that was…pleasant.

Eileen had been a project at first…a curiosity geared towards Eileen's obvious talents in Potions but over time Emily realised that Eileen was…different to the others. She liked Emily for Emily.

At least the Emily that she showed to Eileen.

She would have liked Emily if she was still a Riddle and talentless.

And from that realisation, Emily had grown a little attached to the awkward and shy girl, now woman.

"Yes." Emily said after a few moments "It may take some time but you will be able to visit at some point. Perhaps during next year's summer break."

Eileen smiled warmly at Emily and Emily knew that if the woman was restraining herself from hugging Emily. "Great! I look forward to it! I know it'll be amazing!"

"You don't even know where or what it is." Emily said a little exasperated.

"Ah, I know it'll be great! You and Lord Sayre are amazing! Wouldn't surprise me if you guys did find Atlantis!" Eileen laughed merrily.

Emily rolled her eyes though inwardly she was a little amused. There'd always been rumours about where Atticus and the people that left with him might have gone.

No one explicitly ever said it of course, no one wanted to draw the ire of the Ministry back then, but there was a deep fascination with the events of the exile itself and the mysteries afterwards.

It hadn't been easy to navigate through the subtle inquisitions back then and more than a few times she had to stamp probes out before she was forced to do something drastic. She had learnt much about her capacity for patience during those years.

As much as her own links to many of the noble families and personal allegiances she was owed helped, when the ICW was interested, it would have served little barrier had it not been their own over-cautiousness however wise it might have been.

Her performances at the duelling competitions had been more helpful than whatever barriers being politically powerful served and their overreaction through the recruitment of former Grindelwald followers over the years, especially when Atticus was still in Britain, was going to cause them a lot of trouble over the coming years.

She didn't need Atticus' Sight to see that for herself, not when they were tying themselves closer to the growing dogma of Northern and Central Europe.

Nonetheless, Britain would be exempt from this dogma, particularly now that they had steered the ship towards the direction they wanted and soon enough they would arrive at the shores of the future.

People were hopeful and invested in the future of the British Isles and that was going to be important for the years to come. And useful.

As magicals, there was little need for true nationhood.

Only worthless magicals were unable to feed themselves if they truly needed to and gold for the vast majority of the public was simply enough unimportant and only useful to have and want.

The majority of people craved forms of power in order to survive and most magicals had all that they needed with simply just a wand and a bit of knowledge.

Creating the series of crisis over the years had been useful in completely shaking that all up. The Ministry overreaching with what they could do in the affairs of the people, the economic crisis that made basic needs expensive to obtain – not enough to make it prohibitive but enough to make people unhappy – and of course the continuous civil unrest that boiled over into violence that reached even most isolated villages and farms, all of that contributed towards gearing Magical Britain in a more conscious society that took active practice in the governance of the people.

A redistribution of power, or at least perceived power, that would make people invested in the affairs of the country.

And now it was time to leave and let things settle though always curious of where she and Atticus were. By now, she had as much a social presence as Atticus once did and when she left, the curiosity about them would peak.

With a lot of the plays that were acted out in the Nine Realms Theatre being very familiar and many of the 'heroes' being able to be superimposed on her and Atticus, especially that of the Tale of the Saviour, they would always be in the back of the minds of the public.

And in a few years' time when Illos emerged with all of its splendour and similarities to Avalon and Atlantis, eventual talks of union would become something serious to consider.

The Ministry was already geared towards being amenable to such with all of the people who were sworn to her in key positions in power and before she left, she would provide directions to her inner circle…and 'invite' them periodically to Illos.

"Anyway" Emily began as she refocused "Your notes are unclear on when they need to take the potion" she stated to Eileen who settled down and began to explain the intricacies of the potion.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

16th​ of March 1955 – Unnamed Planet, Epsilon Eridani

They descended down from the bay of the ship with full air tight suits on. Atticus looked down at his arm and saw that the temperature was minus fifty eight degrees Celsius.

He dismissed it and looked towards the landscape. The place they landed was solid ice hundreds of metres thick, nestled in between ice sheets and glaciers whilst in the background there were rising jagged peaks of mountainous rock blanketed by ice as hard as stone.

They were on the north side of the massive crater that could be seen with the naked eye hundreds of thousands of miles away, larger than any crater he'd seen anywhere in the Sol system.

Still, it had potential. It was only twenty percent larger in diameter than Earth and it was geologically stable with an atmosphere and magnetic field that made it a prime candidate for terraforming.

"The target is embedded within the ice shelf. From the readings it is several hundred metres below the surface of the ice sheet" Alice said next to him.

"Will we tunnel our way down with the beam weaponry?" Emily asked.

"No." Moira said to her over the comms as she stepped forward. "There would too great a risk of collapsing the ice shelf potentially damaging the derelict vessel."

"I thought Forerunner ships were nearly indestructible?" Emily questioned with a frown.

"Nothing is indestructible." Moira said to Emily with a glance before she continued "But ordinarily Forerunner ships were difficult to damage" Moira admitted

"But from our scans, it's quite obvious that this vessel was already heavily damaged prior to impact. On our first journey through this star system, scans have shown debris scattered thousands of miles across this region. It is quite likely that the vessel is critically damaged if not entirely inoperable." She turned to him with curiosity in her gaze.

"That was until you confirmed that there was something here of value." She said with an inscrutable expression on her face.

"The information that will lead us to understand what could have happened to the Forerunners?" Emily asked as she stared at him "information you've refused to divulge?"

He already knew what was here and what would likely happen, what they would likely do. It was a gift and a curse that made it difficult for those close to him. Emily had coped with it well and shared nearly all with her but this…this was something that she needed to learn first hand.

Atticus met her gaze. "You know I wouldn't keep you in ignorance if not for a very good reason."

She stared at him for a moment before she nodded her acceptance "Let's go then." She said as she began to walk, Alice following in close pursuit.

Moira remained though and she looked at him with the same expression on her face.
"How much more have you seen now since I have returned?" she questioned him.

"More than enough to know that you keep far more secrets than you should. And that is coming from someone who keeps many." Atticus said to her calmly.

Moira only smiled slightly "You're not just seeing possibilities any more, are you?" she asked knowingly.

"You've always known that possibilities were more than what I called them."

Moira nodded slowly. "So you know about…"

"That what you have shared about what you've discovered in your journeys with my mother is not even half covered yet?" Atticus said with a raised eyebrow.

Moira dipped her head "I see." She said slowly, her gaze still intently on him.

He knew that she'd always suspected that he was actively seeking out alternate…possibilities. Possibilities that with the right application of words would get him the truth of what she'd learned. Possibilities that no longer needed to be played out now that he already Seen what they may hold.

Possibilities that were now wiped out.

"We may talk…after this." Moira said diplomatically and Atticus smiled tightly, somewhat unkindly before he dipped his head and began to walk towards his wife and Alice.

He caught up with them and not long after, they stopped when they arrived at the ice shelf though Emily began to walk forward on her lonesome, closer to the ice shelf wall. She spared a look over her shoulder and Atticus nodded his confirmation that this was the right place and she turned around, her hands raised.

Nothing happened for a few seconds until the ice began to creak hauntingly.

The face of the ice shelf before them shifted until a gaping hole formed. The bottom of the hole turned translucent though with a faint glow and they were just about to see that it was heading all the way down.

"The passage is stable" Emily said after a few moments and her arms dropped. "I will able to counteract any sudden movements now so we have little to fear from the ice collapsing on top of us."

A small drone raced forward and into the hole, light emitting from all of its surfaces and touched the walls of the newly made passage way before it disappeared into the distance. "We should know soon where we should break through" Alice said.

Soon enough, they made their way through the passage, descending down and down. Emily adjusted the passage way several times, turning left and then further down at a sharper angle before they broke through the ice shelf and into an ice cavern.

Blue light tinged the surfaces of the ice cavern, blue light that flickered and reflected against the surfaces. They continued their journey, most of it in silence save for Alice's reports of how close they were.

It wasn't long before they stepped on solid metal and through metal hallways and soon enough they arrived at a central chamber. Above them, the source of the blue light shone heavily, an orb with tinges of orange rotating along its circumference held by four structures that seemed to keep it in place, structures that connected it from the ground to the ceiling.

"An intact Data Core." Moira said with audible surprise in her voice.

"Data core?" Emily questioned and Moira turned to her.

"A Forerunner Data Core. Only Forerunner Capital vessels or above had these." She said seriously before she tapped on her wrist and began to type into the Holo.

Flashes of light sprang forth from her wrist before they ended almost as soon as they arrived. Moira's expression shifted very noticeably as she turned her gaze towards the Core "The data that core may hold could be invaluable. Carbon dating suggests that this crash happened about 227,000 Earth years ago…thousands of years after our war with Forerunners and about the time of their disappearance of the galaxy."

"That data core may have evidence that would lead us to what might have happened" Emily enthused, interest clear in her voice and she glanced at Atticus calculatingly.

Moira nodded before she frowned "Yes but we'll need to be careful…the Forerunners had difficult encryptions." An irritated expression came on her face

"And we only ever managed to get one intact Data Core during the war."

Atticus turned to Alice "Can you try?" he asked his AI.

"I can, Creator." Alice said affirmatively. "Please bring me closer to the Data Core. I may also need to build an interface should none be compatible."

"I brought a small mobile manufacturing hub with me." Atticus said as his hand went into his pocket and a shrunk trunk exited. It resized itself and Alice descended down into the trunk. The manufacturing hub was capable of fabricating low tier complex machinery much of which would suffice in this instance.

Emily gestured with her hands and the floor began to bow before a pillar began to form, a pillar that grew in size and then grew into a staircase that reached the Data Core.

It was a little later after when Alice determined she made what she needed and reached the top of the staircase which had been morphed into a small platform at the top though the rest of them remained.

It wouldn't be long before Alice broke through, he thought as he stared at her working at the base of the ship.

"You look agitated." Emily commented and he turned to her. She wore a calculating expression on her face "What she'll uncover…it worries you doesn't it?"

"Yes." Atticus admits. "I haven't yet seen where it leads" he turned to Moira a complicated expression on his face "But I do know every possibility where you leave, you do not return." Atticus clenched his teeth. He'd never seen any possibility that he'd go himself which was odd to say the least but even now, even when his curiosity was high, he couldn't even bring himself to even consider it.

It simply was too dangerous for him…for them.

"I have not been able to look further than fifty or so years in the future but in none of those possibilities do you return in all that time."

Moira's expression was neutral but he knew exactly what she was thinking.

"The Forerunners?" Emily questioned before she paused meaningfully "The parasites?" she asked a little more quietly.

"It's likely the Forerunners. Or whatever remains of them." Moira said after a moment, after she broke eye contact with Atticus and turned to Emily. "If the parasites still survived until now…we would not be here."

"I wouldn't be so sure…" Atticus trailed off capturing both of their attentions. "We know by now the parasites are the greatest danger in existence. They have brought empires hundreds of thousands of years old to their knees…and they have felled the greatest empire and technologically advanced people millions of years old." He paused momentarily, his eyes scanning them both.

"I wouldn't be surprised if the Forerunners had been unable to completely wipe them out despite all of their efforts." He finished.

And it was on that sober thought that they waited.

Alice descended down from the platform after nearly an hour of waiting. "I have decrypted the Data Core." Alice paused as she reached the bottom "However I have not yet integrated the data extracted completely. It may take…several days until I have processed it completely."

Alice looked up "However I have processed the themes of the data. Technological data is the most significant portion of the data."

"What about navigational data?" Atticus asked seriously.

"I can have that processed within seconds. It is a small portion of the data."

"Please do so." Atticus requested firmly and Alice's eyes flickered before she looked at Atticus again.

"I have navigational data to a number of Forerunner installations. Including what they refer to as Installation 04." 'Installation 04'…

"Are you able to parse through the data and call up everything related to that Installation?" Atticus asked firmly, his eyes intently on Alice.

Alice took a second to consider "Yes. Stand by." Alice said as she stood still.

He turned to Moira and Emily "Installation 04 is where you went, Moira. Where you never returned from."

"And you really don't know what's there? You've never Seen yourself go there?" Emily asked. Atticus shook his head.

"I have never found any possibilities that lead me there." Not surprising given that the Domain refused to give him any answers on what was on Installation 04…

It wasn't the first time the Domain didn't respond to his 'requests'. The creature that controlled the Domain…Manu or whatever it was, had not tried to dominate his psyche ever since he got control of his connections to the Domain and learnt how to interact with it…even if his interactions were only shades and shards of knowledge.

"The chances of that…" Emily said surprised and Atticus smiled grimly.

"Knowing that Moira never returns when she goes there, despite any precautions taken, ensures that neither of us go there ourselves in the near future." He told her before he looked to Moira who seemed deep in thought.

Alice began to move again and drew all of their attentions "Installation 04 is a superweapon." Alice said a deep frown on her face

"It is the mechanism they used to annihilate biodiversity in the galaxy to prevent the parasites from consuming the galaxy whole."

Silence reigned for a few moments as the truth was unveiled to both Emily and Moira.

"Though that is not its only purpose. It is also an artificial habitat capable of housing organic life." Alice continued and from the way comprehension dawned on Moira's face, she began to understand as she turned to him, her look of comprehension morphing into horror.

"Not even they were foolish enough" Moira tried, her voice uncharacteristically uneven.

"I don't know" Atticus said to Moira grimly but the look on his face made it clear that he thought he suspected that they did not complete the job.

"We will need to go eventually." Emily said after a few moments. She continued before anyone else said anything "Of course not any time soon…especially not until we are settled on our world." Emily's lips thinned as she stared at Moira.

"You would be a liability if you left, Moira." Emily said sharply "You know where our new homeworld will be and if the parasites get a hold of you…even if you destroy the ship..." she trailed off though it was clear where she was going with this.

"The Covenant must not be allowed to find the installation." Moira responded. "To not secure this installation is of the greatest of follies."

"I agree." Emily said "The Covenant must not be allowed anywhere near this installation. But they have not found it for thousands of years. It is entirely possible they will not find it in another thousand years." Emily turned to Alice.

"Are you able to wipe out the Data Core entirely?" she asked of the AI.

"I am capable of corrupting and purging the data." Alice confirmed.

"It does not mean that this is the sole vessel or Forerunner remnant that would contain information that could lead towards the weapon." Moira said.

"It doesn't. You're right." Atticus interjected "And I fully agree that we must be ready to hunt down these weapons to either destroy or to control fully. But it is not something we are capable of doing now, not with how few we are."

"The universe does not wait until you are ready." Moira warned.

"It does not." Atticus said with a sigh "But what choice do we have? We do not know for certain what is there…and we do not have the people yet to be able to deal with this. Moira, we cannot be rash. If something went wrong, we may well open up the galaxy for a second infection, this time without the Forerunners to delay them again."

Moira's expression changed to displeased before she seemed to relent. "Very well." She said before she looked at him with hard expression on her face.

"I want you increase the endeavours to uplift Illos. I will assist you in this." She said firmly and there was nothing he could say to change her mind.

Atticus shared a glance with Emily whose lips had narrowed to a thin line. Eventually she sent him an affirmative through their bond and he turned back to Moira "I agree." He said before he paused "The Office of Space will be able to utilise your talents the most."

"Alice" Atticus called as he turned to her "How long will it take you to purge the data?"

"Fourteen hours." Alice said after a few moments.

"Then do so." Atticus said before he turned to Emily "We should be able to damage some of the internal structures."

Emily looked thoughtful until she spoke up "We can transfigure the metal alloys into cast iron. Let time and environment rust away at the structures." She turned to him "Of course we'll need to make sure we pick the right spots so that collapse is accelerated." She said knowingly.

Atticus nodded with a small smile "I know just the places." He turned to Moira "Are you staying?" he asked the Ancient Human.

"Yes." Moira confirmed "I will parse through some of the data obtained by Alice. There may be navigational data to other Forerunner facilities of interest." She said with a long look towards him. He wouldn't confirm otherwise. Neither would Alice give her the navigational data to what the Forerunners referred to as 'shield worlds'.

He'd already talked with Alice about what exactly to divulge and what to hold back.

"Alright" Atticus said before he and Emily walked away. When they were some distance away.

"Will she do as was agreed?" Emily asked him intently.

"Yes." He said as he glanced at her "For now." He sighed as they walked "I will need to speak to her again soon in order to deal with her more…"

"Cowboy tendencies?" Emily said with a raised eyebrow. Atticus snorted as he turned to her.

"Cowboy?" he said a little amused.

She shrugged elegantly "It is apt to describe her. She can't seem to quit in her pursuits even if it is proven that doing nothing is the better course of action. It also doesn't help that she is only tangibly working with us." She said as she glanced at him

"I imagine that will be difficult to change."

Atticus smiled at her, a half grimace on his face "Quite." He confirmed "It doesn't help that we are effectively children in her eyes."

"We would still be children in her eyes a hundred years from now." Emily said disdainfully "If we're meant to be her people's triumph, then she should step back and let us work towards our destiny."

For the next few hours, both he and Emily worked to weaken the structures of the derelict vessel and soon enough fourteen hours passed. Alice completed the purge and not long after they were back on the ship and heading towards orbit.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

15th​ of August 1955 – Illos

Tirtayasa POV

His knee bounced up and down, his impatience having turned physical as he nursed his drink in his hand. Tirtayasa heard a chuckle and he turned towards his never unhappy friend, the same smile that showed off his pearly white teeth worn like always. "Relax" Kwame said easily "They'll get down soon enough."

"We'll be late at this rate" Tirtayasa said a little irritated "We should have been out nearly an hour ago. They said they'd be done in five minutes an hour ago."

"Friend, you should know by now that women operate on a different timescale. They say they'll be ready in five minutes, they really mean an hour." Kwame said with a laugh. "Not even the coronation will change that."

Tirtayasa shook his head. He had no idea what they were doing that took so long. With magic, it took less than a few seconds to look perfect. He sighed before he glanced at Kwame, a curious expression on his face "How's the academy anyway?" he asked. Kwame had only recently joined the Illosian Guards.

Kwame's smile dropped a little "Hard." Kwame admitted "I never thought that I'd be dead on my feet so much despite my pretty good fitness level."

"Really?" Tirtayasa asked surprised. Kwame had been a star Threepeller player at Pandrosion, a game that was very demanding physically with the way you had to manoeuvre at high speeds and strike the ball in the air.

"Yes." Kwame said with a grimaced nod before he smiled "I love it though. I'm learning a lot, not just laws and procedures but also a lot of combat magic. Despite Illos being so peaceful, it is required that any officer of the Law is capable of Grade Three combat."

"Isn't that mid-tier competitive duelling level?" Tirtayasa asked with slightly widened eyes. The duelling competitions in Illos were honestly amazing and a lot of veterans of the Grindelwald war participated in it. For the past two years since the competition had been running, every last eight competitors had been veterans of the war which wasn't surprising but to even get into the competition you had to be Grade Three combat magicks capable.

The veterans were all Grade Fours whilst as far as he knew none were Grade Five though it was rumoured to be that good, you had to be able to last for some time against the Lord and Lady Sayre. Something that everyone pretty much agreed was impossible.

Kwame laughed "Yes." He said with a nod "I will have to be that good in the next few years if I want to be graduate from Trainee to Junior Guard." Kwame turned serious. "I'll be able to do it just fine, I'm confident about it."

"Well, I have faith in you" Tirtayasa said as he raised his cup. Kwame smiled gratefully and leaned forward to touch his cup against his.

"Cheers, pal. I appreciate it." Kwame said to him with a genuine smile which Tirtayasa returned.

When he moved here first over a year ago, at the same time as Fatimah, he'd been so uncomfortable and uneasy about moving to such a truly strange but wonderful place. It felt like he was in a place of legend. It still sometimes felt like that.

But that unease soon fell away when he met the family that was hosting him…Kwame's family. There were many young people who were made recently magical and part of the process was to ease people into Illos by joining families who were already well rooted into Illos.

And it was something that really did help. He'd met quite a few people who had been students at the same academy and all of them had agreed that the people they were staying with helped them a lot in adjusting.

It was the same for him. Kwame's parents were very kind people and never made him feel like a stranger and Kwame himself had taken him under his wing, helping him make friends with other young people and helping him with his studies in magic which he had been very behind on.

Not that the government didn't help with that.

They'd set up the Centre of Magical Studies, a separate school for late bloomers – which really meant newly made magicals – that catered classes specifically for older students. He'd found that there were many kinds of people that were newly made magical though there was about a fifty-fifty split between older people and teenagers.

Though one thing they had all in common was that they had all agreed to the same agreements in order to be made magical, one of them including swearing oaths of vassalage to House Sayre.

The oath had made him uncomfortable and though it was explained to him well why it was necessary, it set him slightly easier at ease that everyone was getting the same requirements, even those who lived in Illos for years before becoming magical.

"What yourself?" Kwame asked, drawing back his attentions. "Have you decided yet if you're going to apply for Office of Space?"

Tirtayasa remained silent for a few moments until he said "I have decided." He said with a slow nod "I will apply for the Maginaut apprenticeship."

Kwame whistled as he eyed Tirtayasa intently "That's not an easy program. I know you're smart enough for it, hell you're probably one of the best scoring student in Physics but are you sure you're…" Kwame trailed off uneasily.

"Strong enough magically?" Tirtayasa finished for him and Kwame smiled apologetically and Tirtayasa waved him off "It's a valid concern to have." Tirtayasa hesitated for a moment "It's a concern I also have."

His magical rating at present was only that of a middling Warlock and though he had not reached his final magical maturity yet, it was quite likely that he'll only increase somewhat in magical strength.

Most thought you needed to be at least Low Sorcerer in magical strength to be selected but Tirtayasa was sure that was not true. It was only because people thought of how prestigious it was to join the Office of Space, especially the programs that would train people for planetary missions, that people believed you also had to be quite strong magically to be selected.

He disagreed vehemently with that kind of thinking.

And he hoped that the Directors and officials of the Office of Space agreed with him.

"Still, I am confident that I will be accepted and that I will succeed" Tirtayasa said with a confidence he didn't completely feel. 'I just need to be given the chance' he thought to himself.

Kwame's smile bloomed "Hear! Hear!" Kwame said as he raised his cup "To our successful futures!" he said loudly and Tirtayasa laughed before he joined in raising his cup.

"What this noise you boys are making?" he heard from the hallway. He turned towards the voice and saw both Fatimah and Louise walk in, both of them dressed splendidly and both of them looking so beautiful…especially Fatimah.

He stood up and he looked at her, her hair was up in a bun whilst the dress she wore tastefully hugged her body and he thought she was the most beautiful thing alive.

He felt a slap on his back and he blinked out and he saw that he was being looked at a little amusedly by Louise and Fatimah and he flushed red as he turned away from their gaze.

"Ladies" Kwame said as he walked over to Louise and kissed her on the cheek "Fatimah you look stunning as I'm sure Tirta will agree" he said with a wink, one that only caused him to flush even more and glare at Kwame though he continued "And you, Louise, look like a million stars." Kwame said as he pulled Louise in for a hug.

"Aww, thank you." Louise said with a blinding smile.

"Fatimah you uh…you look wonderful." Tirtayasa said and he felt like kicking himself for how lame he sounded.

"Thank you." Fatimah said a little quietly and she even smiled at him which made his stomach flutter. Even to this day, he had still not gotten over the crush he held for her.

And even to this day, he never really acted on it. He was really a coward. Afraid of her saying no especially now that they were close friends.

Louise cleared her throat "Shall we go?" she asked them and they all quickly agreed.

Illos' streets were never busier than they were now, especially as they headed towards the central boulevard where everyone was congregating. It seemed like everyone and their mother was going to the same place.

Not surprising given the momentous occasion.

Soon enough they were in the midst of a large crowd of thousands, tens of thousands and it was quite likely that everyone from Illos was here.

And as the time ticked away, the loud conversations and cheers died away as the ceremony began until all that remained was a deafening silence.

Illosian flags, a strange flag that bore a purple tree like stump with white roots growing from the stump reaching out to blue, yellow and green stars, were as still as a stalking panther.

All eyes were pointed towards the podium. All mouths were closed and all ears were listening for the slightest noise to emanate from those who stood on the podium.

And on that podium, there were only four people.

The Chief Representative Rowe, the Priest Kalsaric and of course the Sayres…for whom all had come to witness sworn in as King and Queen of the Illosian people.

They were attired in the finest clothing he'd ever seen, wearing combinations of purple and dark greens that seemed to command one's deference.

The priest, who wore grey white robes and wore a headband that ran through the middle of his forehead, stepped forward and stood in front of them.

Any remnants of sound from the crowd was sucked out like air in a vacuum and total dead silence took its place.

"Will you solemnly swear to govern the peoples of Illos according to the laws and customs of the peoples of Illos?" The priest from the Commune of Magic asked, his voice reverberated even towards the farthest reach of the gathered crowd.

"I solemnly swear to do so" He said, his voice patient, cultured, as smooth as the finest of velvet yet as authoritative as that of a general.

"I solemnly swear to do so" She said, her voice musical, ringing like silver bells yet at the same time commanding and demanding of respect and deference.

"Will you, by the grace of magic, to all of your power, through magic or through position, execute fair and just judgement in the name of Law and Justice?" The priest questioned solemnly.

"I Will" "I Will" They said

"Will you to the utmost of your power maintain the sanctity of Magic? Will you stand true to the Rights of all Magicals, irrespective of race or of species, to worship and to live freely as by the Laws established in Illos?"

"All this I promise to do" "All this I promise to do"

The Chief Representative brought out a scroll to them.

They each took a quill and signed onto the scroll, the scroll that amended the constitution and brought the peoples of Illos under the governance of the Royal House of Sayre though the Council of Representatives and the Council of Magical Races would govern the peoples in Their Name for the most part.

It was something that happened not long after his arrival, the conversation of turning the Lord and Lady of Illos into royalty. From what he understood, most had already considered them as such but it was only after a conversation on a morning talk show that it really began to be discussed amongst the public.

To the point that it was discussed in the Representatives Chambers.

And from there, it just really snowballed until a referendum was had and 92% of the voting population voted to have Atticus and Emily Sayre rule over the people of Illos as Monarchs.

"Then, I, the acting voice of all peoples of Illos, by the power vested by those same peoples, I confirm you as King and Queen of the Peoples of Illos!" The priest said loudly.

"May Magic Light Our Way!" The priest finished loudly.

"May Magic Light Our Way!" the crowd exploded before shouts of King Atticus and Queen Emily erupted all around him.

He wasn't sure how long it went on but the cheers were deafening and long lasting. Illosian flags were waving like crazy as shouts of their names continued on and on.

The energy of the crowd was unlike he had seen before thus far since he'd moved to Illos. It didn't surprise him, really. If there was anyone these people loved that wasn't family but loved them like family anyway, some perhaps loving them more than they loved their own family, it was these two, he thought to himself as he stared at the podium where they stood and waved at the crowd.

He couldn't really blame them either. Everything he'd learned since he became magical pointed towards them being incredible.

"I wish I brought my kit" he heard just barely over the noise and he turned to his left. Fatimah had a sour expression on her face.

"Cheer up" Kwame said loudly behind them, his voice just loud enough to be heard over the crowd. "There'll be plenty of pictures and holos to commemorate this moment in history, I'm sure you'll have enough to help you paint today" Tirtayasa turned around and saw Kwame's arm looping over Louise Ricard's shoulders, a wide grin on his face.

Louise rolled her eyes good-naturedly before she smiled kindly at Fatimah "This big buffoon may talk a lot" she said with a cheeky smile, one that garnered a big kiss on her head from the affable Kwame which also ended up causing Louise' smile to widen even more, before she continued "but he is right. I doubt you won't find many pictures and holos in all kinds of angles to inspire you."

Fatimah smiled a little "You're right. Thanks Louise" she said though her eyes flittered amusedly at Kwame who put on a false sullen expression before he looked down at his girlfriend.

"This situation" Kwame began waving between himself and the rest of them "isn't right" Kwame said dramatically and Louise pulled Kwame's head down and gave him a big kiss on the cheek.

"Don't be a baby, big guy" she said cheekily as she tapped his chest causing them all to laugh.

It wasn't long before the crowd hushed again and the speech began.

"This is a special day for both my husband and I" Queen Emily said as her voice reached far and wide into the crowd "When we decided to build Illos, we did not envisage what we have become and promise still to become. It had been simpler than that. We simply wanted to build a home." Queen Emily said as she looked to her husband with a fond expression before she turned her attentions back at the crowd.

"We wanted a home that we could call our own, a home where the politics of our ancestral lands wouldn't follow us, politics that served the country little and the people even less." Queen Emily said to a silent but listening crowd.

"And as fate had it, many of you had wanted the same when the time came for my husband to leave for our home." Queen Emily said, a small smile growing on her face "A decision that has made Illos so much more and continues to be more."

"And just like then" the new King picked up from where his wife left of "You have once more put your faith in us to make us your King and Queen, deepening this union between us to something unbreakable."

"And just like I once promised you prosperity and opportunities that would make kings and emperors weep at their poverty in comparison to you all, we make this new promise to you." King Atticus said, his voice lulling them all into absolute silence "We shall never abandon you nor shall we ever not fight for you." The King declared, his voice steeped with deafening solemnity and far reaching honesty.

"Your blood spilt shall be our wound to heal. Your pain shall be our pain to soothe. Your happiness shall be our joy to witness. Your achievements shall be ours to celebrate." The king said, each sentence sounding like proclamations that spoke to every heart present. Tirtayasa looked around and saw how much it meant to all of these people, how much they loved the two who stood in front of them.

"For this is what it means be your King and Queen" Queen Emily picked up as she took King Atticus' hand "A union with the people that shares all of its triumphs and all of its hardships yet it is certain, just as we have come so far already in such short years, together, we will rise to such heights of greatness they will sing of our generations ten thousand years from now!" Queen Emily finished powerfully.

The crowd responded with loud, nearly animalistic cheers.

"May Magic Light our Way!" the King and Queen shouted out.

"May Magic Light our Way!" the crowd responded and chanted again and again…and again.

And Tirtayasa joined in the chants.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 92 others
mosefboombox117
Jan 31, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 12 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Feb 11, 2023
Add bookmark
#174
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 12

18th​ of September 1956 – Bulgaria

Dimitar Krum POV

A boot slammed into the back of his right knee and he fell to his knees with a pained grimace, his face angled towards the ground.

He returned his expression back to blankness as he drove down his pain and his anguish he felt for his family and he raised his head back up towards the men that crowded him.

They could not see weakness. Not when the fate of his family depended on him. He had to believe they were still alive.

They were all dressed in the same black robes, robes as black as a starless night, and they bore no symbols, nothing to mark out for whom and what they stood for.

Not that he didn't know who they were. What they were.

The chair's feet dragged along the floor, its screeching carrying a disquieting quality to it in an otherwise deathly silent room.

The white-haired man turned the chair around so that the back of it was facing Dimitar and sat down on it with his arms perched onto the back on the chair, his wand lazily held with a slack wrist.

During this entire charade, the man never looked away from Dimitar, his inhuman mauve eyes not once blinking, and his expression was something he could only describe as a sinister emptiness, devoid of anything resembling human.

"Mr Krum." The white-haired man began in Russian though it seemed like he wasn't exactly a native speaker and he lazily gestured with his fingers "You have an impressive home."

"My family…are they still alive?" Dimitar asked, his voice calm despite the anguish stuck in his throat only held back by a veneer of calmness.

They'd taken his family away not long after they'd subdued them.

They came under the cloak of night with anti-apparation and anti-portkeys blanketing the area. The floo offered no escape, disconnected as it was. It boded nothing but ill if they had gotten that far already.

He could not count on support coming.

The wards did little but delay for a few minutes until they poured in like ravenous carrions. They'd been fast, lightning fast in their attacks and he was unable to fight to full effect, not with his young children so vulnerable…and not against that many.

It hadn't taken long for them to subdue them and after they'd brutally murdered his servants, they'd separated him from his family.

"Curious place too." The white-haired man continued, as if he hadn't heard his question and Dimitar fought to stay in control. "Pretty little forests filled with oak trees, ashtrees and probably all kinds of other types of trees"

He hadn't noticed before, the leathery qualities of his pale as snow face, stretched pale unblemished leather that bore the façade of skin.

Dimitar nearly flinched at the sudden barking laugh, a sound that was caustic and wrong. The white-haired man's expression never changed, the look of barely restrained savageness in his eyes growing wilder and Dimitar had to force himself to keep his eyes up.

"I even saw wild boar running around" the white-haired man said with a sly playful lilt to his voice "Traipsing around the forests by the creek not far from your wonderfully impressive home." He said, trailing a finger across the top of the chair.

Dimitar clenched his teeth as the feeling of dread reached a tipping point not even his Occlumency could mask away.

They'd must have been watching for months.

The boar tended to forage at the other side of the mountains during autumn where the forests were denser and more plentiful in food.

"Do you hunt them?" the white-haired man asked, his voice now devoid of levity and filled with low danger, the savageness in the man's gaze now carrying a razor edge sharpness to them.

"In the summer." Dimitar admitted reluctantly, for now willing to play along.

The fact that he was still alive and his family spared from the butchery meant that they needed him. That was the hope he latched onto.

He just needed to play this the right way.

"Bet you even roast them over an open fire" the white-haired man said with a grin that bore all of his teeth and Dimitar's disquiet grew more and more.

"Ah" the white haired man said with an air of exultation and it was disturbing the way his expression shifted so quickly.

"I can imagine it tasting divine. It must enhance the taste, that knowledge that you're eating a fresh kill made only hours ago with your own hands."

"Can't say I've had the luxury of eating such a fine meal." The white-haired man added with a contemplative tone to his voice as his expression shifted, his eyes gazing away from Dimitar's for the first time since he sat across from him.

The white-haired man touched his chin with his wand "Closest I've gotten to a meal like that were the rats in the camps. No fire though…no such luxuries." For a moment Dimitar thought he heard something more than insanity from the man's voice and made him wonder what camps he was speaking of.

"Your family is safe, Dimitar." The white-haired man said as his savage mauve eyes snapped back to Dimitar. "How long that will be, will depend on you."

Tangible danger and violence rippled out of the white haired man like a sudden wash of poisonous hot air descending down the slopes of a burbling volcano.

"Do you know who we are?" the white-haired man asked, his expression cold but his words said with the intensity of fiery molten rage and Dimitar had to resist the urge to wilt before his presence.

He had not felt magic this strong, a presence this strong since his confrontations with Vinda Rosier…and he had the terrible feeling that this was only the surface of the insane man's strength.

"The Ravenites." Dimitar answered and he kept the anger and fear from his voice.

Like a silent plague, they'd run through Bulgaria. People disappeared, never to be seen again. No one knew, not at the beginning, who was responsible.

Only the allegiance of those who were made to disappear bore any clues as to what it may be related to.

Magical Bulgaria had tied itself to Magical Russia increasingly over the years since the Grindelwald war. The devastation in Bulgaria had not been as bad as it had been in the Ukraine but many among the political hierarchy had supported Grindelwald with supplies and with people so the immediate years had been chaotic as conflict rose amongst themselves as the entire movement collapsed.

Conflict the Russians quickly ended and a conflict made sourer as the ICW intervened and arrested the collaborators only to release them a few years later.

After that and after the Russians stabilised themselves and formed a new government, Bulgaria was one of the first Ministries they sought to ally with.

It had been…productive.

The collaborators were exiled or humbled and their wealth and businesses seized whilst Russian gold poured in. The only dissatisfaction he had with them was their willingness to work with the ICW as much as they were. The ICW stances on some forms of magicks and practices had hardened and were rumoured they were thinking of imposing what can be taught in schools, something could not be allowed to pass.

Still despite that, the Russians had done well and the divisions amongst the populace had been smoothed over by the Pan-Eastern European doctrine they adopted from the Russians.

A doctrine that was to be a counterweight to the growing collaboration and strength of Central and Northern Europe under the ever invasive touch of the ICW.

They've also worked with the Bulgarian Ministry to secretly help them reinstitute some of the ancient traditions to counter the unrest fomented by the undesirables and blood traitors as a result of the mudblood lies and the treacherous allure of the inhuman creatures.

But such cooperation was coming to an end just as it was beginning, he thought with morbid fear as he gazed upon the men before him.

Those who had been staunchest in supporting the Russian way of thinking had been the first to disappear. Not even the head of House Illiev and his two sons with all of their guards were able to protect themselves from this.

Whispers of ravens seen watching Aurors and homes grew louder and people began to believe that ill omens were upon them.

Rumours of villages going quiet and talks of revolutions had been growing louder and louder as weeks became months.

The Russians had come in at their request but they disappeared just as easily. Even Kolya, a veteran of the Grindelwald war disappeared and that had been the beginning that made people understand the gravity of the situation.

Dimitar had hoped being far away from the politics would insulate his family.

It was to no avail.

The man's hand went towards his starch white hair and with a strange gentleness, he smoothed out his already smoothed and combed hair "Good…good…"

"Then you have an idea at least as to why we're here."

"You want my support. My connections."

He did not know what the Raven stood for or who he was despite his best attempts. All nascent Dark Lords had agendas, a cause to rally followers to.

If he understood him better, he could have found a way…any way.

But there was nothing.

The only thing he knew was that the Raven had fought in the Vault, an underground entertainment club reserved only for the pure. That meant his worst fears for what the Raven could be was eased away but it still left him clueless what he wanted.

The white-haired stopped the strange fixation on his hair and with slow movement gripped the sides of the back of the chair, slightly leaning forward, his mauve eyes alight with unbridled intensity "No, no, no." the white-haired man said "We already have that, do we not?" he tilted his head, a glacier slow smile growing on his face.

"Darling Elena. Sweet Ivanka. Smart little Ivan."

Dimitar swallowed harshly. "Yes…you have it." He managed to say.

The white-haired man nodded slowly, the intensity in his eyes dimming slightly "Good…good…"

"Then what else do you want from me?"

The white-haired man smiled and it was ugly sight as the chair creaked underneath him "Everything else"

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

17th​ of October, 1956

Ferdinand Dolcino POV

He was at sea, awash on a drifting piece of wood, drifting through images and events in his timeline, in his path through Time.

Days and months and years drifted passed him, events and acts that led to this timeline committed to memory. Slowly, events became concentrated as the drifting sea of time slowed, events of greater enormity and meaning and depth happening in matters of weeks and months until a pair of glowing white eyes were before him…

His eyes flew open, his breathing uneven and his heart racing. He closed his eyes momentarily, his intent to regain control over his breathing and his heartrate.
A few minutes passed and he reopened his eyes and gazed upon his room.

It was bare, nothing but cold wooden floor was within this room as he sat in a seated position and only two individuals were within this bare room.

He got up in one fell fluid motion and quick fluttering footsteps approached him.

"Master." The servant reverently said with a bow, its arms outstretched with robes, a suit and undergarments hanging off of it.

He took the undergarments without saying a word and slowly began to dressed. A few minutes later, attired in his suit, he took the robes and the servant bowed lower and left with quiet retreating footsteps.

He was alone now and he allowed himself to clenched his fists tightly, the coils of his muscles feeling like wires of steel with how tightly he was clenching.

It seemed that he was still destined to die.

Destined to die before a turbulent storm of suffocating magic, borne from the one who bore a pair of glowing white eyes despite there being an array of different choices this time.

Eyes that begun haunting his Sight and dreams for more than ten years.

Sayre…

Memories played out in his mind of the duel against Grindelwald, a duel that was seared in his mind to such an extent that it felt like he'd seen it occur in the pensieve only hours prior.

He had become intimately familiar with the phenomenon that was Sayre's magic and the glowing white eyes it produced.

It seemed certain Sayre would undo the work done by generations of Symbols.

A millennia of Design.

But…

But it was not certain.

The future was not set.

They had learnt that concretely when Sayre changed the Design.

The Design generations of Symbols had followed, corrected and witnessed.

Until Sayre arrived and wrecked the twinning timeline.

Sayre had changed a critical point in history that was deemed fixed. An impossibility none of them had considered possible.

And they had not understood how this was possible, could be possible.

Not at first.

Albus Dumbledore had been destined to defeat Gellert Grindelwald and usher in an age of limited peace in Europe with Light magic dominating Europe, most strongly in Magical Britain.

This had been part of the Design since the First of the Men of Symbols, the founder and most talented of their organisation. Generations after him, the generations that still could see beyond their own timelines and added to the Design, had Seen it too.

He was meant to be seen as a Paragon for the 'Light' regardless of dark his soul was.

Britain was meant to remain out of international affairs for decades to come, even as the 'heir of Slytherin' plunged Magical Britain into civil war before coming out of it mediocre and willing to bend heavily to ICW authority.

The expression on his face tightened.

They should have acted then.

When the news of the girl being heir to the Slytherin name became public but even then…even then, the core of the Design had not deviated. The future seemed to be secure even if this was not what was meant to be.

All Seven Symbols had seen the Design remaining true.

Slytherin was still set to plunge Britain into civil war and the outcome remained the same regardless if she was no longer obscured through a chosen name.

That had stayed their hand.

A grave mistake that could cost them everything.

And it all stemmed from Atticus Markus Sayre, the man who had never once been recorded in the Reverent Archives. Not one of the records that twined into the Design had mentioned him and they deemed him inconsequential.

They paid, still paid the price for their arrogance when Sayre defeated Grindelwald.

The Prophecy given to them by Louisa Miranza about the end of Magic had only increased the graveness of the situation but it was not until almost a year later that they learnt the true extent of their mistake.

April the 12th​ 1944…

The date that the veil had been lifted from their Sight.

A date that was cursed for all Time for how deeply they'd been deceived.

Like a knife planted between two vertebrae they had been rendered paralysed for how all they knew and was to be was nothing but falsehood.

All Seven Symbols had Seen completely different futures to the future they had seen only days prior.

And all those futures were all within nominal deviation of one another which meant that the future they were seeing was true.

They were to die within months of their failed extermination of the Sayre family.

Seeing their future as they did…affected them.

Uncertainty and fear had seeped amongst them like a poisonous cloud eating at their faith like how acid ate through flesh and bone.

Plans to deal with Sayre, the abomination, was immediately scrapped and they had poured all of their resources in understanding how this was all possible…

How it could have changed without them having any inklings and if they could change it back, back to resembling the path to Symbiosis.

It had led them back to remnant records of their predecessors which had been all that remained excepting what they had in the Reverent Archives.

Their oldest predecessors had been capable of Seeing beyond their own timelines, able to see the twinning paths the lives of others took, a master plan that they could alter and shape to fit the Design that led to Symbiosis, the Design generations had followed unerringly for the past three hundred years.

They searched for any and all hints to abilities lost over time, lost through their conflict with the Order of Inheritors, an order that nearly exterminated them.

It had taken them nearly six decades to rebuild and exact final judgment on the Order, a conflict they believed terminally concluded three hundred years ago.

Though they had been unsuccessful in finding a way to regain the abilities they once had, they did find references that indicated how this veil may have come to be.

The First was said to have been capable of manipulating timelines of others, others born and not yet born, with his mind alone, able to alter the path of the river of Time with his understanding and raw strength. A trait that was shared with the Order of Inheritors that he left as a consequence of the Schism.

It seemed that judgment might not have been as complete as once believed for only the Order had known as much – or perhaps more – than the Men of Symbols about Celestial Time. Only the Order were capable of deceiving them to this degree for so long.

They spent years trying to find them but they found nothing.

His fellow Symbols grew impatient and halted any further expeditions, believing the search a wasted effort, an effort that took away time to deal with Sayre who had proven to be a Seer, something that made a dangerous situation worse.

Ferdinand tugged at the end of his sleeves as a sneer formed on his face.

Still…

Absence of evidence was not evidence of absence yet his peers were intent to fall to the same pitfalls that got them in this situation.

For the moment, he acquiesced to his peers on this matter for though they were foolish to dismiss the Order possibly extant status, Sayre was a problem they needed to eliminate.

The sounds of his heels clinking on the cold unblemished stoned floor echoed as he walked towards the double doors. As he opened them and walked through the narrow passageways of the building, his mind fixated on the events these past ten or so years.

They had learnt that the future was far more fluid than they had previously known.

They once believed the timeline a slow river that could be subject to minor disturbances but these disturbances could not and did not affect the path of the river in any meaningful way.

They were wrong.

It was a river that could change directions all the time.

This had been observed when their deaths were delayed again and again through different actions taken as they cycled and dismissed ways to deal with Atticus Sayre.

And in all of this, one absolute seemed to be made clear.

A direct confrontation with Sayre only ended in their deaths as did any form of assassination they could think of and any successful assassination of his family members ended in barbaric deaths.

Conjuring charges against him and his family had the same kind of ineffectiveness.

A shadow of a scowl formed on his face.

Even the successful manipulation of Aurilius Credence proved to be a pointless venture for he did not have the raw power or skill of Sayre.

It had left them at an impasse. They had to act against him but not so much that it drew his attention to the Men of Symbols. In all instances they failed and Sayre resolved to murder them all without hesitation or mercy.

And so they had settled on allying with the discontent British Lordlings to push Britain into civil war but it had been a failure.

Each time it seemed like they were finally succeeding, events slipped out of their hands and another path became the timeline and happened.

It was at that point with dawning grim realisation, that he begun to understand that Sayre may actually be trained in the ways of Celestial Time and it made the nature of their conflict graver than it already was.

Just as the Order of Inheritors and the Men of Symbols could see the checker squares on the board, Sayre could see the same. To make it worse, it seemed like he was capable of manipulating Time to similar degrees as the Symbols could.

A chess match on a board made of Fate, each of them intent on winning their future.

Seers were capable of peering through the window of time, through shattered and distorted glass, weak forms of the true Sight the Men of Symbols had mastered and they had come to understand that Sayre was a Seer not long after the veil was ripped away.

They had Seen this truth in their timelines but unfortunately it had been far too late for them to act upon it. Throughout history, male Seers were killed as soon as they were discovered at a young age, the threat they posed to the Design was too great.

The Men of Symbols had worked carefully since almost the beginning of their organisation to incite the unacceptability of male Seers in the magical world.

Over the ages, they had riled powerful families to band together to eliminate any male Seers due to the perception of the threat they posed to their families whilst also working to force families with Seer talents to hide and diminish their children's talents until their potential was nothing more than a shrivelled husk.

Grindelwald had been one of these children.

Surviving female Seers were killed clandestinely through various methods intended to seem natural. Over the course of history, Seers having a natural short lifespan became accepted as their deaths became attributed to the 'toll' their visions had on their bodies.

Some may believe this to be excessive but Sayre's interference had shown the consequences of the actions of those who could peer through the window of Time...regardless if they were simply talented Seers or capable of True Sight.

His fellow Symbols dismissed his reasoning for it would have to mean that either the Order of Inheritors were still in existence and still working against them or it meant that Sayre managed to learn on his own somehow.

His scowl deepened.

They were intent on ignoring the warning signs either option presented.

For now, he would let the issue go. They still had time to reset the timeline…and to change their minds. Otherwise…

The scowl on his face was flushed away as a blank expression took root.

The uncertainty of their future did not have entirely negative consequences. He was beginning to learn, to understanding the power of choices.

How to make them, when and when not to make them.

The doors clunk open and his eyes surveyed the room. It seemed like everyone but the central three had already arrived with three other seats occupied.

Full assemblies happened more and more frequently over the past ten years, to the point that they were all permanently staying in Alexandria, a decision that ran counter to however nearly every former generation of Men of Symbols operated.

Before, each Symbol was stationed in key locations as stated by the Design and ensure that the path was followed and it was a sign of where things were headed that the Design was given less and less priority as the time of their deaths approached.

There was nothing in the room save for the black round table where along its outer circumference there were seven seats though three were closer together.

There were Seven Symbols but they were not all equal.

The Three were the leadership of the Symbols – and of the ICW.

The doors opened with a clunk a few minutes after his arrival and the three named Smyma, Ephesus and Sariel walked through the doors that closed with a thud.

His eyes switched towards the other three symbols who sat a little straighter. Pergamom, Sardis and Loadicea, all of whom were of equal rank to him though they were on average a hundred years older than he was at sixty eight.

Candidates were selected at age six but never became a Symbol until one of the Seven was dead and only a few in every few generations rose to become a Symbol.

They would be recruited and trained and taught the right path and if one was fortunate, they would be trained in the ways of Celestial Time.

He himself was Seen by Sariel and tested in his childhood in Sicily before he was taken away to be trained at the Cardinal Synkentronos, the Alexandrian school where those directly under the command of the Men of Symbols were trained.

"Symbols." Sariel, the unofficial leader of the three began, his emotionless eyes roving around the room "The dog days of the unveiling are upon us."

Silence permeated the space for a short few moments.

They all knew how close they were getting to this day.

The day their war with Sayre rose in degrees.

"Our efforts prove to be insufficient." Loadicea said with a displeased tone. "Our tilt has delayed confrontation but the outcome remains the same." Hints of anger crept through his aged but deadened expression. "We must find something more."

"Do you have a suggestion?" Ephesus questioned, his brown eyes peering at Loadicea with a cold air around him. "An alternative course that we may tread upon? Perhaps you have Seen something none of us have." Ephesus gestured with a sweep of his hand "Share. We are eager to hear what solution you offer."

Loadicea deadened expression broke slightly before he regained composure "I have not Seen anything significant in my timeline that offers a solution."

Ephesus nodded "Of course." And though it was said calmly, undertones of dismissiveness was apparent in his tone. An air of superiority born out of the superior detail he could see from his timeline.

"The course we have set is the course that is most optimum as we know it." Sariel continued, his hands now bundled in front of him.

"Directness has proven to lead to failure. Indirectness has proven insufficient. Only through proxies have we seen measures of success and new openings forming."

"It is through this method that we have managed to rebuild somewhat of a resemblance of the Designed path we tread." Ephesus added.

"Have we truly managed?" Pergamom questioned cynically "We are outside of the nominal path laid out by the Design. It has become impossible to know if Symbiosis is still destined to happen."

Pergamom added "And none of us here have seen beyond 1975 when the last one of us is set to die regardless of our choices so we do not know if the foretold events will even come to pass for Symbiosis to begin" he said with grimness clear in his voice.

Silence fell once more within the chambers.

That was the crux of the matter. A millennia of work carried out by generations of Symbols no longer had the certainty of happening.

A Design followed tirelessly for hundreds of years.

Now…more or less completely broken.

His eyes circled around the chamber.

Blank expressions hid thoughts of denial and fear. For men who had lived a hundred years knowing the future, the uncertainty of the future was as paralysing as the uncertainty of death was for those who feared death and judgment.

The schemes of allying with petty and delusional insects from the Northern parts of Europe was as much an overreaction to this uncertainty as it was to Sayre and Illos and their ability to attract followers from Magical World.

They had even decided to let Eastern Europe fall to a dark Archmage in the hopes of using him to alter the circumstances favourably towards them and to Symbiosis.

"We have altered our deaths for the past ten years with success. I do not need to remind you that most of us were meant to die by 1947 had we stayed on our original course." Sariel said with a cold tone that cut through the room mercilessly.

"We will alter it again and Symbiosis shall remain achieved within our lifespans. The threat that Sayre poses to us, to Magic and to Symbiosis shall be eliminated. This is an absolute." Sariel said firmly, his gaze moving from one Symbol to the other.

"We have placed our agents around the world and they worked tirelessly to make it difficult for Illos to gain the allies that they want. We have made Europe a hostile place to Sayre and his people. We will contain them."

"Contain but not eliminate." He spoke up for the first time.

Sariel's gaze fell upon him "It is the best option available to us. Illos is inaccessible to us and no decisions we have made has altered that fact."

"We could use Britain against them. Lure them there. We know of the intentions they have with the British." Sardis suggested.

By the time they understood why Emily Sayre had remained behind, they had lost the initiative and could only react…something he was getting increasingly tired of.

Emily Sayre had never been considered a true threat, a danger yes but nowhere near to what Atticus Sayre was. She had no talent for Divination and so she could do nothing to affect the course of the timeline once Atticus Sayre was dead.

The timeline they saw also indicated that Emily Sayre would remain irrelevant even as Britain descended into civil unrest, a civil unrest they had been considering to push into becoming a civil war in order to bring the timeline back into the Design.

And once again it had been a timeline changed at a point they could not feasibly act without directly interfering until it changed again to what it was now…a timeline that showed Britain in a union with Illos.

The political structure of the British Ministry could no longer be easily manipulated to prevent it from happening, only delayed. The deaths of the Blacks and other individuals determined to maintain the previous status quo had ensured that eventuality.

Ephesus bid Sardis to expand and he did "We know that there was a severe breach of the Statute a few years ago." Yes, and they intended to force concessions from Britain for this breach, concessions that would force them away from Illos.

"We could push to create circumstances that led to them being on British soil, away from the safety of Illos." Sardis finished.

"We rejected this path." Sariel stated.

"Yes and we are no better off in this timeline." Loadicea interjected with a bullish tone "To follow our current course is foolish when we know it is certain to fail."

Silence reigned for a few moments until Sariel stated "Very well" and he closed his eyes.

Faint glimmer of magic surrounded him as he walked through his own personal timeline. Sariel was their most talented and was capable of altering his timeline with little pause. He reopened his eyes and his eyes were as hard as steel

"We will fail and we die within weeks." Sariel said and the room once more descended into silence though he saw Sariel closing his eyes once more, the glimmer of magic returning dimly.

He spared a look to Loadicea was as still as a rock.

"Your fear is palpable Loadicea." Smyma stated coolly and that snapped the old man out of his daze, a slight narrowing of his eyes noticeable on an otherwise blank expression.

"A fear that is justified. We have tried and tried to return towards the Designed path to Symbiosis and each time it fails the moment we try to eradicate the very abomination that led us in this situation." Loadicea stated and his expression graver

"And we are no closer finding a way out."

"I agree." Sariel stated and drew attention to himself. His eyes remained closed "It is why I suggest we abandon our attempts to adhere to the Design." He stated to the shock of the room, this time his eyes open.

Shock permeated throughout the room and even he was surprised. He had surmised that this was an eventuality but he never thought or Saw Sariel committing to this path.

Sariel raised his hand, preventing Sardis and Pergomam from speaking.

"The Design is broken." Sariel began. "It has been broken since the veil was ripped from our eyes and we were able to see the truth. Perhaps we saw the truth for the first time ever." Sariel said with a disgruntled note to his voice and a spared glance at him, one that seemed to mean something more.

Sariel continued "The culmination of hundreds of Symbols spanning over a thousand years, all of them contributing their Sight of the future for a future of Symbiosis can no longer be relied or worked upon."

Stunned silence filled the room at what Sariel was saying.

Not that he believed him wrong…no he was right and it had been the truth ever since the veil was removed. But to abandon the Design all together…

"Heresy…" Loadicea hissed out lowly as he rose from his seat…his face contorted into pure anger though Ferdinand saw hints of fear in the aged man's gaze "What you speak of is heresy. The Design has guided generations of Symbols towards Symbiosis. It is the road our predecessors have slaved to build with blood and sweat and it is the road for us to walk. It is our duty to correct the timeline to the Design."

Sariel faced the angry look of Loadicea completely unfazed. "We have all studied the Design for decades. We know it intimately. We also know that the events of the past ten, close to thirteen years, have led us down a path that makes it impossible to correct into the Design. It has rippled beyond our control." Sariel stood up, his tightly clenched fists supporting him as he leaned forward, his expression thunderous and his presence leaking of deadly intent.

"Our duty is to see Symbiosis. It has never been to protect the Design. The Design was our roadmap, yes, but it is now as relevant as a map of the world six hundred years ago. That is our failure." Sariel said, his voice now bearing signs of anger, one that boiled and threatened to spill and scorch all within reach.

"But we shall not fail to reach Symbiosis nor shall we let Sayre end Magic. That is a failure that I shall not permit to happen."

A dangerous glint entered Sariel's eyes. "Even if I must sacrifice half the world to achieve it" and Ferdinand could believe he would do exactly that if he must.

"Shall we vote?" Ephesus suggested, cutting through the tenseness that permeated the room. Both Loadicea and Sariel sat down.

"Yes. Those for remaining committed to correcting the timeline to the Design?" Loadicea called out, his hand rising. Ferdinand looked around. Pergamom's hand rose slowly and Sardis looked tempted to join but as a few more seconds passed, he kept his hands down. Loadicea looked furious as he brought down his hand, knowing that no one else was going to agree.

"Those for abandoning the Design but remaining committed to seeing Symbiosis reached?" Ephasus said to the room, his own hand raised. One by one, the hands rose in the air, including that of Sardis…and that of his own.

"Outvoted by five to two, we are now set to carve our own path towards Symbiosis." Ephesus stated and a scrape of a chair echoed as Loadicea left the room without any further say. Sariel shared a look with Ephesus for a brief few moments before Ephesus broke the gaze and turned towards Loadicea's retreating steps.

Loadicea's pride and fear may end up costing him, Ferdinand mused.

The vote also seemed to herald the end of the meeting as Sariel spoke up.

"We shall meet again a fortnight from today to discuss our next course of actions now that we are freer to act." Sariel said to the room and as he got up to leave

"Thyatira. Stay." Sariel said and he turned around, facing Sariel "I have matters to discuss." Sariel nodded to Smyma and Ephesus before they left and soon enough, he was along in the room with Sariel.

"Tell me of your thoughts on Sayre." Sariel simply stated, clearly unwilling to delay matters.

"Sir?" he asked, caution creeping within him. 'had he changed his mind about…'

"Tell me of your thoughts on how we deal Sayre knowing that he is capable of the True Sight." Sariel bluntly stated and he startled a little before he recomposed himself. He heavily frowned internally.

Whatever Sariel had Seen whilst he'd been in this room had been enough to completely alter what Ferdinand had seen only hours prior.

"Presuming he's capable of detecting changes in the timeline as readily as we are?"

Sariel nodded slightly and Ferdinand continued, his tone guarded "We must find a way to delay choices made until it is too late to counter."

Sariel frowned "You mean near the moment?" after seeing Ferdinand's nod Sariel looked contemplatively before he met Ferdinand's gaze "It may be impossible."

Ferdinand shook his head "Our predecessors must have been capable of it in some capacity given they combatted the Order." Ferdinand gave Sariel a meaningful look "We must figure it out if we want to survive and bring about Symbiosis."

Sariel said nothing for a few moments before he looked up and into Ferdinand's eyes "Then I will grant you leave to focus on this. I will speak with the others and let them know of my decision and the importance of your mission." Sariel said as he turned to leave though he stopped briefly.

"Do not fail, Thyatira. You have raised my expectations. I expect you to meet it." Sariel ended before he walked away towards the doors, his footsteps the only sound in the room.

Ferdinand's eyes hardened.

He knew a command for what it was…just as he knew that Sariel would not accept failure without making him suffer consequences.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

2nd​ of November 1956 - Illos

The Triffin chirped excitedly as he floated a few dices of meat towards its beak and it snapped one of the dices out of the air with its small but sharp beak.

The Triffin was a creature of beauty.

It was similar to a Griffin through it was several orders of magnitude smaller, no greater than a hawk or owl in size with ear tufts that were similar to that of some species of cats. It had deep purple feathered wings on its back with a broad tail with eight stalky tail feathers that it used to attract females.

It had a wingspan of about seventy to a hundred centimetres with a tail plumage enabling sharp and quick directional changes. The wings melded perfectly with the purple and white fur on its underbelly and its legs making a truly beautiful animal

"He's calmer than you said he'd be." Atticus said aloud as he continued to float diced meat towards the Triffin. To come here was a nice little break from the monotonousness of the office, endless meetings or wading through Time.

"Could be that he's focused on the meat." Henrik Kolffson said a little perplexed even as he looked on a little warily and ready to intervene at a moment's notice.

"Though I've noticed that some of the aggressive species we've let out into the open are generally mellower." Henrik added.

It's because of the magic that's in the air, Atticus mused. The density of magic had been growing steadily since they'd activated the Mithril veins.

Most knew by now that magic was stronger in Illos than it had been a year ago though he kept the exact reasons to the High Council and some select Overseers.

He had not exactly considered the effects it would have on the animals beyond that he suspected that it would be nurturing them as it was nurturing to the people.

It seemed he was a little of the mark with the way they were more in tune with the magical environment they created.

Most habitats and forests and jungles had a kind of…flavour, a kind of presence that developed over time. Not sentience but a kind of intelligence.

With the way the magical field was set up, it was possible that it was taking on characteristics of his presence, of what the field that powered the wards was meant to do. Above else, it was to protect.

And it could be that this was influencing the behaviours of the animals in some way.

Unexpected but quite useful.

His Sight of large arrays and numbers of magical animals out in the open made a lot more sense now. "Shall we head further into the forest?" Atticus suggested to Henrik.

"Of course Your Grace." Henrik said with a nod.

'Your Grace…' Atticus mused inwardly as they walked deeper into the Lonis Forest with a couple of silver armoured guards at their back.

And as they walked deeper through the forest, they came across markings of deer, boars and a few glimpses other mundane and magical forest dwelling animals amongst the tree tops.

Ever since he'd ascended to Kingship, there was hardly a moment he wasn't shadowed by a pair of guards, at least when he was in the open like this despite the fact that this was Illos and there was hardly anyone that could either get the drop on him or actually harm him.

He could dismiss them but his Council united in their protest any time he did such a thing. Apparently they believed it to be a good practice to institute now for when they unveiled to the Magical World.

Restrictions he disliked but respected and consented to.

Becoming King had been a long time coming, ever since he took Emily to the stars but it had never really been because he wanted that power, not in the way most people wanted it. It was the best way to influence the destiny of his people…the destiny of all magicals.

To become an example to his people, to act and abide by values he espoused and promoted so that it became easier and quicker for his people to adopt those values in a way that was organic.

An example that one day he hoped he'd be at heart just as he was in appearance.

A hope that perhaps was more optimistic than it was realistic…

In any case, being that example also meant that restrictions such as having guards covering them would have to be abided if he wanted to show that even he, an Archmage and builder of Illos, was not exempt to do what he wanted without reason.

They were not absolute rulers and everything they built, the governmental system, the separation of the state in terms of legislative and executive bodies, even ensuring a Council of magical races so that protection of rights of different sentient beings was ensured, all of it was done to so that a stable, powerful nation could last the ages.

A nation for which they were constitutional Monarchs of so that they could always right the ship when it seemed it was veering away from ideals such as meritocracy, progressiveness, duty, inquisitiveness and innovation with soft power instead of absolute power that would have felt imposing and dominating.

And this social contract they and their people signed, this Kingship granted to him by his people was to see all of what they were building protected…whether or not it was against internal or external forces, human or not, mattered not.

And even though everything he had done had geared towards them granting this Kingship to him, using means and choices to get the people to grant them this privilege that betrayed the spirit of their immeasurable trust, he had every intention to protect what they were building…and fulfil every promise he made to them.

For Emily, this was a different role than she had envisioned so many years ago but she had still taken to it like merman took to water. Especially now that she was getting involved more publically.

Nothing had changed for the Council of Representatives, they were the legislative body of the state and always would be, but they were never the complete executive body of the state, elements that Emily had taken interest in, particularly when it came to cultural elements and obscure magical research.

As they treaded onto the slightly wet forest grounds with intermittent sounds of birds and mammals sounding out in the distance, Henrik spoke up and broke him out of his thoughts "Around here…can you feel it, Your Grace?" Henrik questioned.

Atticus tilted his head and let the reins of his magic slightly lose "I can feel it. It's slightly out of balance."

Henrik frowned as he nodded "The release of more magical animals, particularly small predatory birds and reptilians has thrown the balance of the forest."

"I've read the reports of the Conservers." Atticus said as he glanced at Henrik before he began to walk again, towards the small waterfall he knew was located near the centre of the forest. "I cannot agree to their suggestion, not without the safeguards the Offices have been tasked to create."

"Tailoring those wards specifically to rats, other kinds of small rodents might take months. Maybe even years. By the time they're ready, the forest might be even more out of balance." Henrik voiced out concerned and Atticus looked at him from the corner of his eyes.

Henrik was passionate about ecologies and achieving perfect balance in them. His work in the habitats was the reason why so many were up and running so quickly and without much fault owing to his family magic.

He and those of his family could sense and feel nature to startling degrees of sensitivities. They could feel what dwells in the forest, what grows in it and how healthy it was. A nifty talent that allowed his ancestors to survive arctic lands with limited and unsteady food supply.

"You must have other suggestions then that you haven't yet voiced or reported?" Atticus said as he stepped over a fallen tree trunk.

It was unusual nowadays to be involved at this level in matters of Illos. It wasn't unimportant – nothing in Illos was unimportant to him – but typically he'd be given reports about such things at which point, depending on how much authority he had in dealing with the situation, he'd decide or suggest a route.

Naturally, it helped that his Sight more often than not was able to offer a solution with the best long term ramifications.

"The forest is top heavy – by that I mean the kinds of prey that is available." Henrik began, his brows furrowing "We hadn't expected the growth of the populations to be as extreme as it is. We expected a curved growth instead of the explosive growth we've seen and with the delay in arrival of the Gryphons, Hippogriffs and the smaller more docile species of mundane wolves, it's becoming a problem that further throwing the forest into imbalance. If we remove large percentages of the large prey population, we can, for now, reduce the imbalance significantly until we can solve both issues at the same time."

"I can't imagine the Office of Environment would have refused this request." Atticus said with a frown as they were getting close to the waterfall.

"They likely wouldn't have" Henrik agreed "But they would not have liked my solution for what to do with the prey."

Atticus glanced at him and wordlessly bid him to continue.

Henrik hesitated for a moment before he spoke up "I would like to grow our Hawlions population."

Atticus glanced away from the man as they arrived and the Thestral herd came into view. As he carefully made his way towards them, and having calmed the nearest one to him, he began to pet the beautiful animal.

"They're as dangerous as nundus. Their skin is only penetrable through the use of the strongest – and darkest – piercing spells." Atticus said after a long while.

"I know." Henrik said as he got closer and Atticus turned to the man.

"But they're also a lot smarter." Henrik said passionately. "Their aggression is borne out of their confinement, not because of their nature" Henrik paused for a moment "At least not entirely." He admitted.

"We don't have an environment for them to grow into. The few that we have would cause havoc in any of the environments we put them in let alone increasing their populations" Atticus stated. They ate more than dragons did despite being on average five times smaller in size and volume.

"We still have habitats that aren't in use. We can easily create another savannah and plains habitat just for them." Henrik told him and Atticus said nothing for a few moments.

"We will cull them when they grow in too great a numbers." Atticus warned finally after making the appearance on deliberating on it. He'd already decided to allow it despite his misgivings. Emily would at some point figure out a way to alter them make them more…amenable.

As they were, the lions were absolute menaces. They'd found the last few hawlions cubs not that long ago, about a few years ago, in stasis at a base belonging to a centuries dead Dark Wizard. They'd been hunted into extinction centuries ago with the last Hawlion spotted sometime in 1724.

During the Statute of Secrecy implementation, most of the dangerous magical creatures were exterminated if they proved too difficult to manage and weren't protected politically like the Thunderbirds or other XXXXX animals were.

To find Hawlions during their trip in Africa had been a surprise and he hadn't been able to find it within himself to leave them there so he'd brought them here, still in stasis, until he had enough trained people who could manage the animals.

Henrik looked dissatisfied for a moment before he nodded "Yes, Your Grace." Henrik paused for a moment before he bowed a little deeper "Thank you."

Atticus inclined his head in acknowledgment before he returned his attentions to the herd of Thestrals. He'd brought a few mating pairs over from the Forest nearby Hogwarts and purchased a few pairs of the years. They were an un-rowdy lot and he like their quiet presence.

"Tell me about where you think we should set up another forest or environment out in the open and what animals we should populate it with" Atticus said without turning to Henrik.

It was about an hour or so later that he made it back to the Main Tower and proceeded to have another few discussions with Rowe and various Overseers until he went for his meeting with Sandra discussing the planned improvements passed through the Council of Representatives and what impacts that she was expecting it to have.

His last meeting ended up with Parkinson where he went over some of the reports from Europe, particularly the new developments in Bulgaria and some Balkan Ministries before finishing up with his present assessment of the reception they'd receive around the world.

It was late in the evening that he finally made it home and he arrived to an empty home. Emily likely was still occupied with the alchemic research she was doing with some of the talented lot in the Office of Magical Innovation and Technology.

It was how he found himself lounging with a book in his arms, enjoying the peace and quiet that he had found so little as of late, so much so he barely registered her arrival.

"You're reading Tolkien again?"

He looked up from his book and saw her walking into the living room dressed resplendently in tasteful green and light purple Losi clothing.

He only shrugged a little as he met her gaze "I admire Tolkien's view of the world."

She made her way across to him and sat next to him, her body flush against his. She sighed a little "A view brought on by trauma and PTSD" she said as she looked up to him "Hardly a view to venerate. Especially given it is a standard that can never be reached."

He hummed softly as he closed the book and let it lie in his lap "Yet it is also something to aspire to…even if impossible to reach."

Her hand went up to his face and she clutched gently onto his chin and she directed his face towards her. "Yet he is also keen on order and fulfilling the role you were born into. Do you admire this as well?"

"I admire it as equally as I loathe it." Atticus admitted to her as he grabbed her hand and gentle placed it down into his lap.

"What's wrong?" she asked with a light frown before her eyes flickered understanding "This is about the Raven" she guessed correctly.

He hummed affirmatively. "Yes." He said as he leaned back, his head resting on the back of the sofa. "He's finished getting Bulgarian leadership under his control and is making inroads with Balkan clans with increasing success."

"In a smart way too…winning them over with promises that he actually delivers on in exchange for loyalty whilst making dissenters disappear." Atticus said with a sigh.

The man's ideology was…simple to say the least. It wasn't exactly blood purism was more opportunistic and catered to the people who he was seducing…or coercing to his side.

After all, Atticus didn't believe the Raven had any specific beliefs, only goals that he would do anything to see accomplished.

The Raven was the last gift of Grindelwald, a tortured soul that Atticus had set on a path of destruction. Perhaps it was always meant to be, perhaps Atticus only had a minimal effect on him but nevertheless he had contributed to what he became.

Grindelwald had many prisons…prisons of all kinds. Some of them were hosting political prisoners that Grindelwald held over influential or powerful people and others…others were used for experiments like the ones in Belgium and the one that Raven had survived was just like it.

It had changed him, Atticus believed, whatever they did to him and he wasn't speaking psychologically. Unfortunately, he had not unlocked his sight by the time the things were done to the Raven were finished but he had Seen what could happen to him not long after he grew the strength of his Sight.

In some possibilities, Atticus, Emily and their guards had confronted the man and killed him and his followers. In others, they seemed to reach an accord that lasted a few years before inevitably Atticus killed him.

Atticus had chosen to make the path that would get the Raven into power easier.

Some people who might have been able to warn others of the rising threat he presented were removed of off the table, most of them being spelled unaware of what they had found and others were made to die in accidents.

In some instances he'd even helped the Raven in recruiting people to his cause and it was paying dividends now especially as the MOS were content to let him be.

In a few decades, after his personal vendetta was complete, he'd be able to challenge the ICW like Grindelwald once did regardless of what they intended.

And this time…this time, the ICW would not be able to cope…even with the abilities of the Men of Symbols. He would see to that personally.

In all of this, there was a huge cost.

Muggles were more or less spared of the violence especially since the Raven wasn't interested in the muggle world and likely was far more aware of the threat the muggles presented should it spill over given his links to the Russians, but the magical cost?

The end result would be a population traumatised and decimated by another war that would make them easy pickings to incorporate.

"If we don't do this now…before we move, you know how likely it'll be that another Dark Lord will come into existence within decades of arrival." Emily said, breaking him out of his thoughts and he looked at her.

She continued as her blue eyes stared up at him "And this war, whenever it happens, helps keep the ICW attentions away from us as we work in South America, Africa and the Far East. Work we need to do if we want there to be a peaceful exodus."

Atticus smiled briefly as his hand rose and brushed her silken hair behind her ear.

Whilst Europe had the highest concentration of magicals, obviously it was not the only place where magicals resided. Out of a world population of somewhere around 1.3 million magicals, six hundred thousand were in Europe or in the Near East – countries like Turkey, regions around the Balkan and Caspian Sea – whilst the Americas held roughly four hundred thousand magicals, nearly half being in North America.

The rest were scattered around Africa, Asia and Oceania.

Exodus would not be accepted by everyone, not as things were now. Most lived in perfect ignorance of the muggle world, especially in the developing world…more so than the Europeans or the North Americans.

They wouldn't see nor would they fully comprehend the precariousness of the situation if it was pointed out now or even just before it was happening.

But once it was happening, once the muggles employed the technologies that will put the world in surveillance and Exposure actually happens…

By that time, they expected to have made alliances and treaties with many of the world's magical populations tying them all together and convince them of the merits of leaving Earth for pastures new.

Merits he didn't think would be too difficult to convince them off once threats of war or against liberties or actual violence happened.

Especially when the muggles found out about what their people did and had done to the muggles for centuries with regards to their memories or how much land they'd cornered off for themselves in order to maintain the secret of Magic.

At present it totalled to something like ten percent of the world's surface with much of it being very rich and fertile soil.

Paranoia and fear would then take things further about what else magicals had done to the muggles if they could so easily take so much land and alter people's memories.

Conspiracy theories that wouldn't see the light of day by normal people would suddenly be not so ridiculous if dragons and unicorns actually did exist.

The point of escalation would be low…so very low.

Fanatics – on both sides – would boil the situation to tipping point.

Solutions provided by muggle governments – 'if you have nothing to hide, then you have nothing to fear by registering' – would be rejected out of hand and harden positions and at that point…

He would not let it get to that stage.

He had no desire in a war of survival for either people and they would patiently wait until Exposure happened and offer this solution to his people.

There would be some magicals that would prove to be stubborn and refuse any entreaties. Those…will be dealt with and forcefully moved whilst the weakened European nations would be absorbed into Illos or made into a state under its control.

And for all of that to work, for all of that to even have a good chance of succeeding…they needed the ICW as weak as possible and unable to pose a problem but still somewhat relevant.

After all, they needed an inept ICW to compare themselves to.

With the floundering Men of Symbols directing too much of the ICW focus on him, it would leave them in a too much of an indecisive position to act against the Raven in time to contain him.

And one by one, they would pluck their tools and would-be-tools from them until the ICW were left with little more than numbers to deal with the two Archmages and their army of followers.

He would start with plucking the first few amongst the Men of Symbols.

"Without him, we would have had to be more proactive…and that would have only lead to further rebellious events down the line." Emily stated and he nodded silently.

As it was, establishing the new order across planets and star systems was going to be tumultuous.

Knowing history, establishing a confederation or federation style union should be less violent and more stable than what they originally intended with absolute rule and certainly less bloody than the uncomfortable route of conquest and subjugation.

With their ability to literally choose which squibs to make magical, they no longer needed the absolute numbers of the wizarding world…not when there were millions of squibs to choose from and would swear undying loyalty to them.

Moving the magical world off-world was an endeavour that he felt was something he owed to the magical world…and it was also what he was tasked to do by Ancients.

"Tolkien would characterise that as allowing an evil for a greater good to flourish." Emily said and he turned his gaze at her and she bore amused glints in her eyes.

Allowing or committing acts of evil for a greater good has been the phrase all despots, tyrants and dictators once used to justify their abhorrent acts.

Emily making jest of it…

More often than not, he wondered if he was one of them with what he did and what he planned to do. Some plans that not even Emily was privy to…

Especially the evil he would have to commit to ensure their backs were secured…no matter how humane it was.

Exodus would not be the end of Magic on Earth. Magicals would still be born in the form of squib-descendants.

Unless the future Office of Far-Sight could find an alternative way…

He would be forced to engage the plans he'd made with Alice.

Despite the heavy guilt and shame he felt at those plans, he allowed himself to smile falsely as his hand gently caressed the book. "If only the more stiff upper lipped nobles knew that the person they sworn themselves to was well acquainted with works of muggle writers. I'd love to see their reactions."

She hummed a little, a smirk tugging at the corner of her lips "Their ignorance is my advantage."

He laughed a little as he looked at her a little amused "Bet it helps when you quote some of the more quotable writers and philosophers to them."

The corner of his eyes creased as mirth wrote itself on his expression as he began to imagine one of the purebloods recognising her phrases from books they read but would never admit to doing.

Her eyes narrowed at his mirthful face and he couldn't help it and he let off a little laugh and decided to tell her what he imagined.

Her expression softened as her lips pursed in an attempt to hide her own amusement, likely at the idea of one of her people being wracked on the idea that she might actually also enjoy reading muggle books but would never find the courage to find out.

She rolled her eyes at him when she saw his mirth rise even more at her own amusement at the scenario but as she sat up a little, her expression turned a little serious "Still, back to the subject at hand...Tolkien does have some merits. It is a useful viewpoint to channel for the masses who resonate with much of it." She looked at him with inspecting eyes.

"Fortunately that is all there is to it and thankfully there isn't an all-powerful god who has reduced the universe to a good and evil duality. The universe in all its greys is a far more interesting place to exist in." Emily finished.

'I wouldn't be so sure there isn't all-powerful god, Emily' Atticus mused to himself, his mind turning towards Manu, the Precursors and whatever it was that lay hidden in the fabric of the non-physical reality.

A fabric that distinctly bears the lines and threads that bound individual consciousness's in some way or another.

A fabric intrinsically tied to fate.

And through the understanding of this fabric, deconstructing the flow of the coming history would be made possible.

Divination in the form of Sight and Prophecies, Fate in the form of observable lines and threads within the fabric of the non-physical reality, and predictive arithmancy in the form of a precisely defined model of behavioural patterns created from the study of history and past events along with a statistical element generated from probabilities and patterns of average human choices taken from a large population pool…

All of it would combine to form a way to be able to peer down Living Time with unrivalled accuracy and allow them the ability to manipulate history that would lead them to the ideal path for the majority of the magical peoples, if not everyone.

Perhaps then he would be able to sit back and let the collective efforts of his people guide their civilisation instead of his tainted and blood soaked hands.

He could then focus on the greater questions about consciousness…and the threats that lie beyond their space.

"Anyway" Atticus said, his head shaking a little to banish the heavier topics before his arm swung over Emily's shoulder and he pulled her in slightly.

"Tell me about your day. How is the terra-alchemy research going?" he asked her with a curious smile, one that morphed to carry hints of affection as he watched her eyes alight with interest and fascination as she began to speak.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

13th​ of November, 1956 – Illos

Sandra Saunders POV

The doors to her office opened.

"High Chancellor." Her secretary said as she led Kane in.

"Thank you Patricia" Sandra said, dismissing the woman before her eyes fell on Kane "Eric. Take a seat."

Kane inclined his head as he sat down in the offered seat before her desk. "Tell me good news Eric." She said, immediately getting to the point.

"I'm afraid it's not exactly good news." Eric said as he unclipped his case and brought out his documents.

Her eyes narrowed, her lips thinned displeased. "What is it this time. Would they like us to reword some phrases in American English?" she asked harshly.

It might not have been that petty but the number of delays due to some seriously inane reasons was wearing her out and she was getting to the point of cancelling negotiations all together.

'Though I doubt I have that kind of authority' she thought to herself.

She'd have to go through the High Council and only with the approval of the Chief Representative, Atticus and Emily would she be able to end it.

Rowe would undoubtedly agree given his own frustrations with the situation though Atticus and Emily were a little more unreadable.

Likely because they both already knew the outcome of all of this.

"Not so much." Eric said with a sigh. He was the primary negotiator assigned to MACUSA to conduct these trade agreements and proposals of 'closer ties'.

After Atticus had spoken to his Aunt in MACUSA, they'd began negotiations in a similar vein as they had done to Japan…a negotiation that was ongoing for two and a half years!

"They agree with the final proposals…in principle however the Clito Beauclerc administration has effectively admitted to me" Eric smiled sardonically "Off the record of course, that the President is effectively leaving this to be dealt with by the next administration." He said as he passed over the documents.

Sandra leaned forward and absently took it and lazily flicked through the pages as her mind ran through what Eric told her. "So our conclusions are pretty much right then" she said as he looked up to Eric.

Eric nodded grimly.

"She knows that we're six months away from re-joining the magical world and her second term ends in November next year." Eric paused momentarily before continuing.

"Instead of complicating her legacy by presenting trade and cooperation treaties to Congress that would have bad optics given that her nephew is King of said new nation, a King that might not have been a trigger to MACUSA leaving the ICW but certainly contributed to the circumstances…" Eric trailed off.

"Yes, yes." Sandra said impatiently as she closed the documents and peered away to her window where the skyline of the city was there be gazed at.

Sandra understood the President's position, she really did.

Illos would have a target on its back, politically speaking.

MACUSA had managed to navigate their exit from the ICW relatively well, establishing better relations with South American nations along with improving their own domestic economy – with no little help from Sophia and the Sayre businesses – but willingly getting into bed with Illos who had the appearance of no alliances or treaties with any other nation?

With an ICW that was surely to react critically badly?

By leaving it in the hands of the next administration, she would absolve herself from the difficult questions she would face whilst at the same time granting the new administration to look at the agreements without the baggage she has.

She wondered why they had them continue with negotiations as she had little doubt that they didn't know where it was going.

"When you say they admitted..." Sandra said finally, breaking away from her thoughts.

"I went out for a few drinks to one of the Ritz hotels the affluent members of MACUSA tend to frequent." Eric said as he leaned back in his chair. "It was there I came across a few members of her cabinet."

Sandra frowned lightly and Eric picked up on it "Nothing was done breaching protocol or anything else, of course." He assured her and she nodded in acceptance.

Generally speaking, she ran her ship above the board and expected the same of her subordinates. Eric continued "A few drinks after, they were a little looser with their tongues and confessed their own frustrations with the situation, especially since the agreements would see MACUSA benefit more than we would. It was then they insinuated that the President didn't like the optics one bit."

Sandra tapped her finger on the table and a few moments passed.

"Halt any further work on this." She said as she gestured towards the documents "It may well be wasted parchment this time come next year."

Eric sighed before he nodded "Yes madam. Do you want me to redirect more resources on the proposals to the French?"

"Yes." Sandra said as she leaned back. Both MACUSA and the French Ministry knew about Illos and had sent delegations to Illos in the past year.

The secret of Illos was only paper thin now especially as they had not demanded most of the strict secrecy measures. It wouldn't surprise her if ICW would know soon…if they didn't already.

Still, she was confident that they were pretty much untouchable.

Their population was twenty six thousand now with expected population increase to thirty five thousand by 1960 and the defences of Illos…

Well, she doubted the entire Auror force of the world could breach those defences.

"And prepare for our proposals for the Australians and the Brazilians" she told him. Australia they already made inroads with – they had a number of associates working in their ministry – but nothing official until now. The Brazilians would be their gateway to the rest of South America.

"I will inform the High Council of this situation in our next meeting. Thank you Eric." She said and he nodded before he got up and made his way out of her office.

It wasn't much later that she made her way towards Atticus' office.

She nodded to the guards before she was let through to his office and he was standing there manipulating some kind of holo and as she neared she saw that it was some kind of code.

"Sandra" Atticus intoned a little distracted as he continued to type on the holo-design. "Did we have a scheduled meeting?" he said as he paused briefly and turned his gaze towards her.

"No." she said with a shake of the head "I had something to share but if you're busy…"

"No, you're here now." Atticus said as he stepped away from the holo and gestured towards the seats by the window that overlooked the city

"What is it anyway?" Sandra asked as she walked towards the seats.

"That? Oh just the barebones of an intuitive program." Atticus told her as she sat down. "Mostly it'll be defining physics and chemical behaviours along with how objects will behave in defined parameters or conditions." He said as he sat down, taking a few moments to comfortable.

"It'll be used as the backbones of a Design Software Package geared towards designing ships and other engineering projects."

"I didn't think you were involved in too much of that side anymore." She commented curiously.

Whilst not much had changed since he and Emily had been made Royals, the division of labour over the years had seen Atticus' involvement in the more 'groundwork' diminish. Something that she knew he didn't like all that much but still had to do simply for the fact that there were so many other things that needed his attention.

Emily's permanent return also helped alleviate a lot of his involvement though she tended to be more involved in cultural side of things, bridging differences in a meaningful way like the building of a Temple dedicated to the more spiritual side of magic.

She hardly knew anyone who would give up as much power as either of them.

They could have easily ruled with absolute power from the moment the Sayre family had been exiled but he instead limited the accumulation of power for anyone, including himself.

It seemed more distant than it actually was, when Atticus had told her and Derek about his plans for a new nation, a nation that he was going to build on equality, meritocracy and progressiveness, a nation without the bigotry she had seen so much in Britain.

He delivered on his promises and she knew that even his ascendancy to Royalty wouldn't change that. His title only confirmed what he had been in all but name anyway.

Atticus smiled a little "I'm only helping speed things along –" His 'helping' likely meant doing the work of several people at once. "– With Moira involved with Office of Space, things are picking up a lot more speed. There is an over-reliance on magic with the ships and should there go something wrong…" Atticus trailed off before he flicked his fingers lazily and two glasses materialised before they were slowly begin filled with water.

"Ah. I see. So the temporary grounding of any further missions is likely a little more permanent?" Sandra questioned with a mild frown as she took the glass of water that was floated towards her.

Bishop had reported a few Council meetings back that Overseer Laset had delayed a third mission to Mars until May '57. From the sounds of it, it would be longer.

"Simply said…yes." Atticus stated to her before he drank from his glass.

He leaned back in his chair relaxed when he continued "At present we're drafting up a number of engineering projects that we want completed in the next three years and most of it is geared towards creating a hybrid ship." Atticus said with a pause, his hand rotating the glass of water absent-mindedly

"With many of our recent migrants academically talented in the sciences, including many of our associates who worked for Derek's companies as engineers or scientists, we have a pool of people who can contribute significantly in hastening our technological advancement. Especially in Aerospace and physics."

Sandra drank of her glass of water before she peered at him "Has recruitment begun yet?" she asked. Many of the migrants Atticus spoke of were recently made magicals, many of whom were working only part time whilst they were brought up to speed academically – magically speaking.

Knowledge Crystals helped significantly in that regard but they had little experience in manipulating their magic which meant it still took years of effort in order to become familiar with their own magic.

In truth, them working part time was also a boon for the moment as there weren't a whole lot of private tech or business jobs available which was most of the recent adult migrant backgrounds.

It was a bit of an issue as most Illosians were employed directly by the state.

The pureblood population of Illos tended to fill in more 'traditional' roles such as working in the potions, merchant, services and bespoke product production whilst the former hedge wizards and witches dominated the food industry.

It was a challenging problem, the limitations – limitations as a result of the progressive way that Illos took care of most citizen needs – they faced especially given that they wanted to grow their economy but there weren't many avenues to grow into – except for increasing their international trade which should open up new business ventures as a result of the advancements they made and were making.

Part of the reason why they wanted to get the negotiations with MACUSA finished so that when they were re-joining the magical world, they had a readily available market to feed their economy.

"Yes. At present there are a number of engineering projects already posting job openings with one of them – the MagBeam Propulsion project – nearly having fifty percent of its staff openings filled." Atticus explained to her before he rounded up with "It'll be further explained in our next Council meeting in a few days."

Sandra nodded before she steeled herself a little, her eyes a little harder "The negotiations with MACUSA are dead in the water." 'As you probably already know' she thought to herself and as if he read her mind he nodded.

"I'm aware. I knew it was unlikely to succeed the longer it went on." He smiled a little thinly "The President may be my aunt but she is President first and foremost. She's always been dutiful, never more so than to MACUSA itself."

He looked away towards the skyline of Illos "She understands the political ramifications of being too close to me even if it is Illos that MACUSA enters an agreement with." He was silent for a few moments and she observed him a little closely. He seemed a little worn. 'When was the last time he slept?' she briefly wondered.

"Already MACUSA was made to isolate itself from most of the wizarding world as a consequence of their withdrawal from the ICW, a withdrawal that was influenced by the ICW aggression towards my family, a Founder House of MACUSA." He said as he turned towards her

"Of course it wasn't the reason why MACUSA withdrew, the ICW acts and inaction during the war is the primary reason and my sister's businesses were more than a welcome addition to the American economy but nevertheless, it was a point that the media accentuated. For my aunt to then present a bill that ties MACUSA closer to Illos so soon after we arrive at the world scene and at the end of her second term…"

Sandra remain silent for a few moments as she digested his words "Then why not ask us to call off the negotiations?" she queried him.

"It was the best course of action." He said with a sigh "Whilst the proposals will not be revisited for some time to come" 'How long was 'some time'?' she thought to herself "It will not take nearly as long for it to pass once the Keller administration is in office"

Her eyebrows furrowed for a moment before her eyes widened as she recollected who he was referring to "Keller, the current Californian Enclave Senator?" She'd grown to know much about the MACUSA organisation over the years, including somewhat from her husband who had several interests in California.

Atticus nodded "He'll win the next Presidential race. Handily too." He said musingly before he rounded back up to her "Whilst my aunt was never going to agree, she did ensure that there would be little to disagree with once the Keller administration picked it up. It will be seen as a 'win' given how favourable it is to the Americans."

With the surplus of rare flora ingredients, high quality materials such as wardstones, magically conducive metals of similar qualities to Goblin Silver, and other more 'entertainment' products, they were able to offer this to the American at very reduced rates.

Any administration would see an uptick of approval based simply on the material goods that it would grant MACUSA access to. It was the political side that caused issues…issues that the Keller administration would be largely free of.

"And" Atticus continued, an almost sly glint in his gaze "It also helped Mr Kane and the rest of the negotiation team get more experience in dealing with tough negotiators, something that should prove immensely useful down the line."

"Is the future looking that difficult?" Sandra frowned a little concerned.

Atticus said nothing for a moment "Yes…and no. Difficult at the beginning, yes but we manage to adapt and excel. We are a young nation, one with little experience in politics, collectively, anyway, but as time goes on we will be able to adjust and lead."

"That explains very little." She said a little drily.

Atticus smiled a little "I know…the vaguer I explain, the less impact it has later on." He let off a small sigh "It's not ideal…the way I'm disseminating information to you."

She mulled it over for a few seconds "Can you at least tell me if we make allies within the next five years? Other than Japan?"

"We will." Atticus confirmed "Britain and Ireland will be our allies within a year after our return."

"Britain…only a year?" she asked surprised before she gained an understanding as to why that might be "Her ties with Ouroboros" she stated, already understanding how it was related.

"Her ties with Ouroboros are very strong and the affection the British magical world holds for Emily is arguably stronger than the affection they hold for me. They will stand by us." He told her.

She looked at him sceptically "You defeated Grindelwald. You were their Golden child for years prior to that."

Atticus looked at her a little humorously "And look how quick public opinion changed through a few years of concerted effort."

She pursed her lips. He did have a point. Magicals tended to have the memory of goldfish at times…and they could be quite gullible. Still, she did not think he could so wrong to think the British people wouldn't value him more than they did Emily.

She had nothing against her – she was friendly with her after all – but Atticus was truly someone special in her eyes. So much of what they accomplished and would accomplish would be because of him and she had faith that people would really understand that.

"Alright" she said with a nod "So it seems like the negotiations weren't a total waste of time." Sandra said with a sigh before she sat back, a look of tiredness on her face "It would have helped had I known." She said almost a little accusingly.

Atticus looked at her a little empathetically "You would have behaved a little differently" 'And that would not have fitted in how you saw things' she mused internally. "And how would it have helped?" he asked, sounding genuinely curious.

"Had you known?"

Her lips pursed "I would have known that we were not negotiating for a current agreement but rather a future one with a different administration. The majority of our energies could have been focused elsewhere."

"True but it could also have led to it dragging on longer if you took people off of it." He returned gently "Would you not have sent someone else in Mr Kane's place?"

'I would not have if you told me not to' she thought to herself but she decided to end it here instead of arguing a lost argument. She knew him well enough he had his quirks of dealing with things.

She drank the last of her water "Very well." She said as she stood up "I will see you later." She paused a moment "Derek is coming to visit this weekend."

Atticus smiled at her "I will be over on Sunday." He promised.

She gave him a small smile before she left.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 89 others
mosefboombox117
Feb 11, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 13 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Feb 23, 2023
Add bookmark
#181
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 13


29th​ of November, 1956 – Japan, Kyoto

Shinji Hirahito POV

The miniature model had a mountain as high as Mount Fuji, snaking rivers that coursed through the even and uneven terrain that were dotted with forests and areas that were clearly marked for settlement and farming, whilst some parts of the uneven terrain resulted in sharp drops and cliffs and in some instances he could see small waterfalls being made.

"Do you like what you see, Shinji-san?" he heard the old familiar voice and he turned around and bowed deeply from the waist.

He'd been asked to come in and talk with the revered man.

"Lord Protector-sama" Hirahito said reverently.

The old man made a disapproving noise "I have told you before, Shinji-san. Do not make an old man repeat his words."

"I-…Very well Ieyasu-sama." Hirahito said as he stood back up straight.

"Better" the old man said as he walked past Hirahito, his gaze firmly fixed on the model "What do you think?" he asked with a short side glance to Hirahito before he returned his eyes to the model.

Hirahito looked back at the model. He could see all of the representations that made Japan, Japan. Its diversity of nature, revered sights and landmarks, all of it bundled in a small package. "It looks like home." Hirahito settled on, his words bearing only honesty.

Ieyasu-sama hummed pleased "Yes…I think so too."

"What is the scale?" Hirahito asked

"It will have a diameter of forty one kilometres."

Hirahito frown a little and Ieyasu-sama caught it "You think it's small?"

Hirahito looked up and met his gaze, nodding slightly as he did. Ieyasu-sama gave him a small smile before he gazed back at the model.

"The majority of our people are not landowners like we are. Very few live beyond their means in their villages. The land is sufficient." Ieyasu-sama declared.

Hirahito looked back at the model. "If that is your wisdom." He said with a bowed head. "Will work on the island commence now?" he asked.

He had been present in Ieyasu-sama's council after he'd met with Atticus-sama.

A meeting that resulted in Ieyasu-sama's confirmation of an alliance struck in return for the Japanese magical world gaining a land of their own with no other peoples present.

There were more than a few clan leaders…unhappy with the decision to move.

It had caused unrest amongst the leading clans that was only recently resolved with concessions and places of honour. Hirahito did not have doubt that if it had been anyone other than Ieyasu-sama that it would have been the start of political…and perhaps even violent struggle amongst the clans.

Ieyasu-sama's reputation and wisdom had won the day and since then, all the clans were profiting from the deals struck with Illos. After all, it was doubtless the trade agreement had such a thing in mind. Atticus-sama's gaze was far-reaching.

Ieyasu-sama turned to him "Work has already begun our future home." Ieyasu-sama paused for a moment. "Island…is not the right term for our future home."

Hirahito looked at Ieyasu-sama questioningly "I don't understand…"

Ieyasu-sama chuckled and Hirahito thought he saw a hint of mischief in the old man's eyes "It will be an island…of a kind. But no, it is not an island as you understand it." He lost most of his levity as he waved at the model and it began to float.

"It will not sit amongst the sea but it will be amongst the clouds. An island of the skies." Ieyasu-sama turned to him. "And our journey will not end there either. No, this new home of our…It is to be our capital, Shinji-san."

"Sadako Sasaki has confirmed it." Ieyasu-sama added to the shock.

"She's made a prophecy?" he asked, shock marring his tone.

Ieyasu-sama made a sound of affirmation "She has. It will come to pass." He said with a tone of acceptance.

Prophecies were not always fulfilled. Many prophecies tended to be self-fulfilling whilst prophecies that did come true that were not self-fulfilling only became understood after the prophecy had come to pass.

Ieyasu-sama eyed him for a moment before he began to speak

'Bridged We Shall Be

To Takamagahara

We shall Live and Claim'

"I don't understand" Hirahito confessed

"It took me some time to decipher as well" Ieyasu-sama agreed.

"Takamagahara is the Plain of High Heaven, the divinely abodes of amutsukami"

"The gods of our ancestors" Hirahito said with a nod.

Ieyasu-sama hummed affirmatively "Though in this instance, there is little divinity in it. Heaven in this instance I believe to mean a reference beyond the sky but still in our natural realm though much further beyond than the eye can see."

Hirahito frowned momentarily before it clicked in his mind, his mind jolted into complete focus as if a sharp breeze of arctic cold air washed over his face.

"The Bridge…Ame-no-ukihashi" he said, his gaze looking upon the flying model before returning his gaze to Ieyasu-sama who bore a pleased expression on his face.

"Yes…Our new home will be the bridge to Takamagahara."

"But how…"

"How do we get there?" the revered man said as he slowly turned around, towards the zabutons.

Hirahito slowly followed the man.

"I have not told any the full truth about the gates." Ieyasu-sama said as he sat down.

Hirahito sat across him and a servant came, bringing cups and teapot, and poured them steaming tea before the servant bowed and left.

Hirahito waited patiently as Ieyasu-sama drank of his tea. Ieyasu-sama set the cup down and met Hirahito's gaze "I have set foot on another world through those gates. A moon orbiting Jupiter itself."

Hirahito stilled and he slowly searched Ieyasu-sama's expression. The man truly believed that he set foot on another world and the only reason he did not dismiss the truth was because he knew the man would not lie nor would he be fooled by such a thing. "…How, Ieyasu-sama?"

"I do not know." Ieyasu-sama said calmly as he took hold of the tea again and drank of it softly. "As you know, none of our people have been able to glean how the gates work through passive study."

The Illosians had placed a gate in a secured building on Japanese soil, manned by Japanese people. There had been plenty of opportunity to study the gate but frustratingly it had been…difficult to observe how it works. They would have to disassemble it if they truly wanted to know how it worked though chances of that being sufficient was…low. He could not imagine Sayre to be so…unwise.

Trade between the two nations was already flourishing and Japan was enjoying, for the first time, levels of comfort and trade like that before the war.

Both nations had elements that both nations needed and from what he was told, many in Illos were fascinated with Japanese culture, so much so that there were several teahouses in the city.

According to the delegates and merchants, the tea was of acceptable quality too.

"However I do believe their fixation on science and melding it with magic is part of their success story." Ieyasu-sama said, sharing his thoughts.

"You think there is a scientific phenomenon they replicated?"

"Or a phenomenon they began to understand through science and expanded on it. It is possible they cracked the runic security measures in Vanishing Cabinets."

Hirahito tipped his head slowly "I can have our people source a pair."

Ieyasu-sama made a disagreeable noise "No. Even if we manage to crack the security measures – which could take years – to come up with a workable alternative may take years on its own. And it would sour our tentative relations with our new ally."

Hirahito bowed his head "I understand, Ieyasu-sama. But I believe it is prudent to figure the mechanism out so that if the knowledge is needed…"

"You're concerned about the monopoly they hold through this of travel once they are reintegrated in the magical world?" Ieyasu-sama posed and Hirahito bowed his head affirmatively.

"It is a concern that you're right to hold concerns however equally it is important that such advancement is held in tight secrecy. These gates have great capacity to destroy. I do not wish to think how dangerous it could should the air of our world escape through gates." Ieyasu-sama said with a disturbed shake of the head.

Before Hirahito could ask Ieyasu-sama continued "I believe the mechanism that allowed me to travel to another world through such a short time shall be the same mechanism that will allow us to travel to Takamagahara with our bridge shepherding us there"

Ieyasu-sama set his cup back on the ground before he eyed Hirahito intently "And Takamagahara shall be our new world."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

2nd​ of December 1956 – Sayre Manor

Hypatia Agoralos POV

She felt like she was falling, falling through a hazy of fog of colours and shapes and figures that combined into separate frozen planes of images, islands apart from one another yet still connected, layered behind one another so that they almost seemed like scenes, moments.

Many of the images bombarded her as she fell, barely able to see them for what they were and barely able of registering the moments for that they were but what she saw was beautiful. She saw her class grow in size as Illos grew in size and people and she saw the harmony in which the people and the animals lived.

She saw Atticus through her overwhelming fall through Time, teaching and guiding and leading whilst also felling ruthlessly men who flocked like birds and men carved in symbols.

She hated those parts, those darker images like the images of the Raven and a man in black and red who had pain and Death following them wherever they went.

She didn't hate it enough to stop falling though, for the beauty she saw, like her presently three year old daughter Pandora growing older and older, growing so alike to herself, was more than worth it.

Unfortunately, she was still grasping on the ability this traversing of Living Time as Atticus called it, frozen sequential images growing hazier and hazier as she fell through Time.

She gasped as she pulled herself out of Time, breathing heavily as she did and her gaze, as her chest rose and fell, fell upon Atticus who sat opposite her, watching her intently.

"Better." He only said, a soft nod of the head indicative of his approval.

"I…I still can't see further without it becoming hazier. The frozen images…they…they grow hazier." She told him in a bout of breathlessness.

"Time is not frozen in patterns or images, Hypatia. It is a flow. It curves, it splits, it breathes. Time lives on our choices." He paused as he eyed her intently.

"You still latch on how you've always seen visions and its prohibiting your progress. It is what is distorting the future the further you go"

"Right." Hypatia said, rubbing her forehead. Gods she always had an aching brain afterwards. She looked up and met his gaze, a gaze seemed somewhat contemplative.

"I don't know how else to see." She'd always Seen through still images and through representative imageries. She'd Seen Pandora's coming through imagery of rose coloured tulips, blue eagles and images of herself carrying a child in her arms.

Tulips were a symbol of charity and she had always favoured the name Pandora, meaning 'all-giving', so it had not been hard to put together.

The blue eagles had taken a little longer but she interpreted it to mean that she was destined for Hogwarts though why she wasn't too sure.

It was how she Saw and how she learnt to hone her talents from her mother.

"I can't see the way you do…I can't see frayed river streams of possibilities wrapped in probabilities." Hypatia said with a hint of frustration "It's just…"

Atticus raised his hand and she fell silent.

"Maybe I have gone about this the wrong way." He said with a distracted tone, his eyes gazing passed her and she waited patiently for him to expand.

His gaze, now much sharper, turned to meet hers "How do you view the universe?"

She startled a little and she made to speak but she halted, taking a moment to really think about it. How did she see the universe?

"Magic is connected to the universe, it flows through it like how air flows through the world" she finally said "It is part of it but distinct."

Atticus hummed "You can't help see time as apart from magic and the universe" he said, an obvious question in his words and she frowned for a few seconds before she nodded.

"I do…I can't help it." She said a little helplessly. She knew that it went against all what he was trying to teach her but it's the way she understood things.

"It's alright." Atticus assured before he looked at her contemplatively "I think you need a serious shift in perspective that reaches even your subconscious." He said before he added musingly "Pan Pingge's work might help"

"Pan Ping?" Hypatia parroted, her brows furrowed.

"Pan Pingge" Atticus corrected, dragging the last few letters before he continued.

"He was – is – a prominent mage in the Far East though he's been a bit of a recluse for the past couple of hundreds of years. Was a pain trying to get him to speak with me."

She looked at him a little oddly "A couple of hundreds of years? How old is he?"

Atticus scratched the side of his face "Not entirely sure. We didn't ask. He's at least three hundred and fifty years old. He was fairly well known in both worlds in the mid sixteen hundreds." He said with a contemplative look on his face

"How many people like that did you meet?"

Atticus smiled a little "Pan is quite unique. I doubt there are many like him. I did meet a few other interesting people many thought long dead. Surprisingly – or perhaps unsurprisingly – there are quite a few recluses around." Atticus' smile softened a little

"The muggle idea of wizards secluded away in high towers has a lot more truth in basis than you would expect." Atticus shook his head "Anyway, back to the point."

She really wanted him to tell her more about these other people though the smile slipping from his face made it clear that he probably wouldn't entertain it right now.

She'd have to ask later.

"The little that Pan was willing to share about his own ideas of magic was that he believed that it was only one part of an indivisible whole, that one should not consider nature and magic and existence as separate pieces of a puzzle but one blend that you cannot know where one begins and where another ends."

She considered that. "A little different to the Plotinusian thought we're taught in Greece" she said curiously.

"The layered nature of existence." Atticus nodded in understanding.

Plotinus was one of the most celebrated wizards in Greece who is largely credited for furthering Western magical theory the most during the classical era.

The muggles knew him as the individual who held a systematic theory of consciousness but in the wizarding world, he helped quantify the links between emotions and their effects on magic through arithmancy.

Though it was Asclepius who was the foundation of the healing branch of magic, without Plotinus and his arithmancy, Asclepius may not have been able to find the counters to many of the dark spells of the time.

"The same layered nature you view the world through and it is both reflective in the way you describe it and how you see it." Atticus said to her before raising his hand.

It began to glow slightly with a tinge of orange before Illosian runes began to form in the air. A small window opened and a book flew towards Atticus which began to float in front of him.

It was a good thing she was so used to his casual use of magic that seemed impossible otherwise she would perpetually gawk at him with an open mouth. It would have been quite unseemly, she thought.

"This is Searching for the whole by Pan Pingge" Atticus said as the book floated towards her and she grabbed it from the air. She looked over the book, well it looked more like a binding of scrolls with a blank leather cover, and opened the front page.

Her eyes widened slightly "Your Grace – I mean Atticus…this" she held up the book with both hands "This is in Chinese. I can't read Chinese."

"Cantonese." Atticus corrected with a small smile and she swore she could see mischief in his eyes. "Do not worry, I will provide you with material to aid your learning of the language."

She dropped the book in her lap and she audibly groaned and her mother would have had her chastised for acting like a child if she saw her "Is it absolutely necessary?"

"Yes." He said bluntly. "The Chinese school on Magical Theory – and philosophy – will help you gain the understanding and perspective you need to get to where I am." Atticus told her before his expression softened slightly

"I do not doubt you or the Grecian school. There will be many overlaps but this is key to your development. You'll be happy with it…even if I am adding to your workload as much as I will be."

She didn't at all miss the implication that this was only the very beginning of a hard time. "Why is it so important for me to be able to do this so soon?" she asked after a few moments of silence.

Atticus looked at her with a long inspecting gaze before he answered "We are not the only practitioners or studiers of Living Time."

She blinked before she frowned, a hint of concern on her face from the way he said it so seriously and a little gravely "What do you mean?"

"Have you ever heard of Men of Symbols, known otherwise as MOS?"

Her eyes widened and she immediately understood the implications. "But that's…"

Atticus inclined his head "Quite. They're also very driven in the pursuit of how they believe the world should be and Illos well…we're a threat to the future they have worked for a long time to bring about."

Her shoulders dropped like a bag of sand.

So the mythical MOS did exist.

She remembered her friend from a very influential Grecian family talking about them during school when they talked about modern legends and influences on the world. She kind of thought they were like the Peverell brothers, a tale spun out of proportion. It seems like it was actually true.

Well wasn't that a doozy?

"The reason why I want you to be up to speed is so that there is another pillar able to protect our home. I can do it on my own…" he trailed off for a moment and she met his gaze

"But I want Illos have more than one pillar holding it up. You, Hypatia, can become that second pillar and I could not find a better person to trust and depend on."

Her cheeks flushed a little and she broke eye contact.

"Means a lot." She mumbled a little uneasily before she cleared her throat as she tried to cover up the embarrassed air she had around her – and the warm feeling that his words were bringing up.

"It is the truth." Atticus told her and she turned to him and saw he had a kind smile on his face though there was something haunting in his eyes.

"Your moral compass, your compassion and your ability to understand the necessity of things are perhaps your greatest strengths and it is something that is absolutely vital for what I am teaching you. It is also what I want others with the potential of Sight to have in spades." He said meaningfully to her.

"I-…" She tried before she stopped but before the silence got tense, he thankfully spoke up again.

"And it is entirely what the Men of Symbols lack" he finished.

She rounded back to what he said about their capabilities.

"Wait…they are able to do what you can? The whole…"

Atticus shook his head slightly. "They cannot and it is to our fortune. They can only see their personal timelines. They see where it leads and they proceed to change it if it is not what they desire. Their altered choices lead to a different future which impacts the whole but they cannot see possibilities…not like I can…" he looked at her meaningfully "not like you could."

She frowned for a brief second "How long have they existed?"

"I don't know." Atticus admitted "All I know is the possibilities I have Seen and in them I have learnt they have been working towards this future of theirs for a long time."

"And what is this future?"

Atticus sighed and his gaze went past her. "A perfect world. An unrealistic world. A world where both worlds live in symbiosis." He met her gaze again

"You might think that this is a great thing to see happen – and it would be – but do you see the problem with it?" he asked, his eyes intently focused on her.

She frowned, looking down as she did so, for a few moments. In order for them to be able to see this future…

She looked back up, understanding having gained "They would have had to see that far ahead along with carefully dealing with the eddies that might exist in the multiple rivers of Time. But you said they can only see their personal lifetimes…how could they have worked on it if…" she stopped, her mouth a little open before she recovered

"They haven't been alive for hundreds of years…have they?"

He smiled before he shook his head "No, they haven't. And that is part of the problem. When this idea of the future was established, it was likely done when they were still able to see possibilities and likely far into the future. They made plans for it, plans followed by successive generations. But as time went by, and I have a good suspicion as to why, they lost the ability to see beyond their own timelines but still relied on the plan they worked for generations. Without being able to see more than personal timelines…"

"The plan they worked so hard on becomes unreliable when the course has already been altered." She finished with her brows furrowing deeply.

Like little stones on a calm lake's surface, they were unable to see the consequences of little choices and events that will alter the future in some way, a way that they had not seen or considered because their view of Time was too narrow…too limited.

He continued "And so they are working on a plan towards a perfect future that is obsolete when the conditions of that future no longer exist and in its place all that remains incredible risk of major conflict…especially when most of our people consider muggles are animals in our likeness and they would view us with fear."

"And you're working against them." She stated, already knowing the answer.

"I am." He confirmed before he sighed tiredly "It's…challenging." He said with a weary smile.

She snorted and almost dissolved in a fit of nervous laughter before she managed to recompose herself "I-I'm sorry. I laugh when I'm nervous" 'or scared'

He seemed to understand as his smile turned kinder "I understand" he said.

"OK" she said after a few moments of pause, her eyes flickering towards the book "I will work harder." She promised as she returned her gaze to him.

He inclined his head slightly "Good."

A few moments passed before she couldn't but ask "This future they were working towards…this symbiosis." She began carefully "Have you ever considered…"

It was silly but she wanted to know if he'd ever thought about it. If he ever thought that it was an achievable goal.

"Working with them to bring it about?" he finished for and she nodded slowly.

"I have." He said with a said now gazing passed her. "It is a wonderful dream after all." He said with a quietness about him.

"To know there exists a future where we can live together in peace, each of us connected and working together in synergy to become greater than we would be apart." He returned his gaze towards her, his expression solemn.

"But I also know that it is like trying to fit a thread through the eye of the needle half a mile away from your position without magic assisting you.

So much of the status quo in both worlds would have to change.

In the mundane world…the entire reason why we had to remove ourselves from the world has not been completely erased. Religious doctrine, superstition and ideological structures would have to be continuously challenged and have leaders in those communities, backed by states all over the world legally, speak out against the more militant and zealots.

And then there is the political and militaristic threat our people pose to the mundane world order with all that we can do. Never understate the desire of humanity to deny others of something valuable whilst wanting to utilise it for themselves.

The biggest problem to trust and peace forming would stem from how we enforced our secrecy and they would eventually know what we have done to their people and memories and there would be little trust to build from.

"Even if we revealed ourselves in the most optimum conditions, eventually that truth would severely damage our relations as they might even question if the people they worked with hadn't tampered with their minds or their feeli-"

"But it was how we had to maintain our secrecy! It's standard procedure" she interjected fervently "It is how we protected ourselves against their witch hunts."

"Of course." Atticus agreed before he looked at her intently

"But we still violated their minds, their reality. We took away memories that contributed and would contribute to their personalities. We may all have souls Hypatia but memories are what make us who we are. Each experience adds to their personhood, their existence and what have we done for centuries to these people?" he posed to her, his voice grave and she looked away from his gaze though she said very little.

"We change them each time we obliviate their minds. It might do very little to their current personality but it took away a part of them. We make them live a lie."

Silence reigned for a few moments as what he said sunk into her. It was hard to think of something so normal as something…wrong. It was necessary, they needed to do it! Otherwise there would have been devastating consequences for both worlds!

And it was at that moment the irony settled on her. That in their quest to maintain the secrecy that would protect both worlds they set the path that would make unification much harder. After all…it was a form of rape was it not?

Were they not ripping away a piece of their identity?

And the worst thing about it…

She still believed the violation had been necessary for both worlds even if she understood the wrongness about it. She felt slightly sickened by this realisation of herself.

"And then there is us…" he paused and she looked at him and their gazes met

"We consider them…less. That is an undeniable truth." He said before he looked away from her "Even I, in some way, consider them less. It is an almost universal truth that we all believe, in some form or another in varying degrees of severity." He had a faraway frown on his face as he continued

"Even the biggest pro-mundane magical infantilises them. To fit into the greater world, our worldview would have to change drastically, perhaps even more drastically than the mundanes who are more adept at accepting change than we are.

Especially given that our world is built on magic and to fit in, we would have to change our way of life in some way in accordance to the mundane nations magical societies occupy in. All of this would be a shock to our societies and I can see irrationality and necessity and violent rejections boil into irreconcilability."

"So no." she smiled a little weakly "You don't really see it possible. Even if you worked towards this symbiosis."

"Nothing is impossible. I could see it working." He said after a few moments of silence before he looked her in the eyes again "But I think the road we'd be on would be so much harder and more painful than it needs to be. Most fundamental changes to societal structures happened because the dissolution of the former civilisation or nation." His expression grew grim.

"Often at the cost of massive swathes of deaths through war and then later through famine and disease. Years, possibly decades of infighting and conflicts would take place until one day the conditions arise again for civilisation to flourish. And that may even come at the cost of muggle freedom…of both thought and body."

She swallowed. She didn't want that. No sane person would want that.

"I see." She said slowly and he seemed to understand the silent agreement that she communicated with her expression.

"One last question…" she trailed off and he bid her to continue "Why did they lose the ability to see multiple possibilities? Beyond just their timelines?"

Perhaps they would have understood the impossibility of their plan if they hadn't lost the ability.

"I believe it is because they stopped recruiting Seers into their ranks. They learnt how to navigate Living Time but they did not have the Seer talent to go beyond it."

He paused momentarily before he continued "I think that for those like us, we have magic that specially attuned to glimpsing Living Time and when we open up our proverbial 'Inner Eye'…"

"We tap into 'richer veins' so to speak?" she said and he nodded in confirmation.

She looked at the book.

She breathed out heavily before she steeled herself "I can go again."

Atticus eyed carefully for a few moments and she thought he'd argue against it but he nodded "Very well."

She closed her eyes and reached out once more to Time.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

13th​ of December 1956 – Illos

Tirtayasa POV

He walked out the bathroom in a rush, his hands trying to button his formal Rosi clothing as he arrived in his bedroom. He went towards the nightstand where his wand was before he walked back towards the door.

He stopped suddenly and turned around, walking towards the bed which was half occupied. A small smile came across his face as she was sprawled out onto the bed with nary a concern. He walked over to her side and gently kissed her on the cheek.

"I love you Fatimah." He whispered softly before he stood back up straight again.

"Love you too." He heard her mutter and he chuckled softly to himself before he quickly walked out the door, closing the door behind softly, and descended down the stairs.

He walked through the living room, half of the room occupied by her half-finished painting and her utensils, before he made it out the door.

He whipped out his wand and saw that he had less than fifteen minutes to make it to the office and quickly made his way towards the Sub-station on Chiron Street.

He couldn't wait to learn how to apparate.

For the moment he wasn't familiar enough with his magic to be able to do it.

He made his way down the stairs before he made it to the station. The station was seemingly made from a seamless block of white marble with holographic maps on both sides to help travellers get from point A to point B.

He walked through the station and after scanning his ID Band, he made his way towards the platform which was just behind security. He arrived the oval underground chamber, a circular chamber where there were a dozen gates with different addresses titled about the gates and he made his way towards the Mimir Gate where there were a few people already waiting along with a co-worker of his.

"Adam." Tirtayasa acknowledged as he stood next to him.

Adam gave him a nod "Mr Fisbilillah" he said curtly and Tirtayasa fought to stop a grimace from appearing on his face.

Adam Driver hadn't liked him from the moment he met him…only growing worse when he was making better progress than Adam. It didn't help either that he was willing to spend more time at the office than Adam, something that irks him and a few others.

He looked back at the display next to the name of the station and saw the gate would activate in another minute.

No gate at any station was on all the time. There were over twenty stations and another fifteen planned for commission in the next five years. It would be impractical for gates to always be connected to another gate. Plus, this way it was a lot more coordinated. At least that was what he thought.

When the gate activated and completed its sequence, the security film that coated the ring after it was connected, he patiently walked through the Mimir gate and made his way towards the office…without waiting on Adam.

Mimir gate was at the edge of city where the Institute of Energy and Propulsion was located, a large building that had entire complexes spatially expanded for test purposes. He made it to the office a few minutes before he was set to start and so his workday began.

He hadn't expected he'd be doing this when he applied for the Maginaut apprenticeship but after several competency examinations, he'd been accepted to the program but it was deferred for six years.

It was deferred because he was personally requested by Walter Bishop, the Director of Magical Innovation and Technology – his boss' boss' boss! – to take work for this new department within the Office of Technology due to his strengths in physics and mathematics and currently was the junior lead of the Ion Engine Project.

He definitely wouldn't have been able to become with Knowledge Crystals which gave him fundamental knowledge that he otherwise would needed years to learn.

At present they were at a critical function of the project.

They tested – successfully – a miniature electromagnetic ion engine sixteen days ago whereby they successfully managed to create thrust using beams of ions – electrically charged molecules – through the application of Lorentz force using xenon gas as the propellant.

Whilst the test had been successful, the project as a whole was a let-down.

The control system was not performing at the expected efficiencies and it was delaying further progress on the project.

The current control systems were run on third generation Magi-Comp systems but it looks like it wasn't quite able to work with rate of calculations required per second and though it was small, the rounding errors that were happening had a significant impact on the efficiencies of the ionization process.

They were also looking at changing the electrical power supply as the current method was useful for testing but definitely not for long range missions. Electrical power was also one of the easiest way to utilise magic and their current way was an example of this.

Electrical power was supplied in the form of small capacitors of incredible energy density that held electrical energy from converted solar energy.

There were great pylons made out of quasi-organic material that during the summer absorbed solar energy like sponges and this was what ultimately was powered their tests – and other projects in the building.

He liked the unique solutions that were pretty much launching them a hundred of years ahead of the mundane world. Solutions that created a kind of symbiosis between magic and technology.

Some – like his friend Kwame – thought that the focus on technology was a little too much as they already made it to the Moon and to Mars without needing technology but he was missing the point.

If we could do that with magic alone, then where could we go with both?

Soon enough it was time for the morning meeting.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

3rd​ of January, 1957 – Magical Britain, London

Rasmussen Lestrange POV

"Congratulations Lord Lestrange. You have a healthy son." The healer said and Rasmussen allowed a rare smile of happiness to form on his face as he got up from the waiting area.

"Lady Lestrange is recovering well. You may see them both now if you wish" the healer said with a bowed head and Rasmussen nodded to the healer before he walked into the private room.

He saw her cradling their son – he had a son now – and she looked up when she heard him come in. She offered him a hesitant smile and he returned a gentle one.

It was not a marriage of love…or affection but he appreciated the woman. She was a Goldstein from a very distant branch but she was also a pureblood unrelated to him by five generations which was all he needed.

After all, as the last male Lestrange heir he had the responsibility of furthering his line, even if he had…different tastes. Marrying a member of a tertiary branch of a lower House ensured that he faced little challenge.

His gaze fell upon his son and saw that he had small tufts of brown hair on his crown. "Your son, my Lord." His wife said as she extended the small fussing babe in her arms towards him.

He carefully picked the babe up and gazed upon him. He had light blue eyes that he could see darken in time and match that of his own. He cooed slightly in his arms and Rasmussen glanced at his wife from the corner from his eyes.

"Have you named him yet?" It wasn't done for the mother to name the heir but it was changing times. Many traditions were still upheld, especially amongst the noble families but matters were…easing.

Amongst it was the matters of the familial…dynamic.

Exerting absolute power of the Head of House was becoming less and less common, especially as they move towards a more liberal take on blood purity – for the commoners and lesser Houses – and it was a trend

Whilst Heads of Houses still had their privileges on how to deal with their family, there was little tolerance for the kind of abuse he and other peers did suffer in their youth.

"I thought I'd leave the honour to you, husband." His wife said and he returned his gaze to his son and heir.

"Rodolphus" Rasmussen said after a while as he stared at the babe.

"His name shall be Rodolphus."

Days later…

"Congratulations" Malfoy said as he handed over a glass of firewhiskey.

Rasmussen grabbed the glass and raised it to Malfoy in silent thanks.

He drank of his glass when Malfoy asked "Will you try for another?". His voice carried genuine hints of curiosity. Not surprising since he was well aware of his different tastes.

"Not for another six months." Rasmussen answered. "If Magic blesses us, we shall have another child." He drank of his glass again before he peered at Malfoy

"I wouldn't mind a daughter this time."

Malfoy gave a thin smile "One of either is ideal." He said with a hum in his voice. "I was fortunate with Lucius and Lucia." Malfoy was speaking of his few month old daughter and son and Rasmussen couldn't help but notice a tang of affection in his voice for his children.

Curious. He'd thought Malfoys couldn't love anything but themselves. Then again old Abraxas was not the usual Malfoy. He was unconventional and smarter.

Despite his rise to greater prominence in pureblood elite society in the past four or five years and taking the Black's crown as the wealthiest family in Britain, Malfoy knew what the limits of his ambitions were.

No matter how many older and more renowned families became indebted to him, became his to influence, he could only rise to where she wanted him to be.

And Malfoy was smart enough to be content with that.

Malfoy's father and their ilk wouldn't have been and doomed their lines.

"I wouldn't have thought a Malfoy keen on more than a son as an heir. Has it not been a few generations since your family had more than one child?" Rasmussen questioned.

"Four generations" Malfoy said, this time pausing to drink from his glass before he spoke again "It was less messy that way." Malfoy simply said.

Rasmussen's expression shifted to amusement.

Yes…fewer siblings or cousins plotting your deaths this way.

How curious as well that Malfoy Heads of Houses rarely reached age ninety…

"Times are changing however." Malfoy continued as he leaned back, his gaze firmly on Rasmussen.

Rasmussen inclined his head. 'And has changed' he mused to himself.

Their vision of ridding muggle influence from their world was succeeding even if it came a cost of losing some of their privileges. Nobility were persecuted to the same laws – as far as anyone else knew and understood – as the commoners were whilst the more…maligned individuals of society were granted the same protections any citizen in Magical Britain had provided they cooperated like taking part of the Wolves' Bane Initiative.

The loss of power and influence, at least publically, had been…difficult for many families to accept especially as the Ministry had often been seen as an entity to serve the old families rather than anything else.

Of course, it had taken a few meetings – before she left – from her to…convince…them to do their part for society and more often than they were willing to bend.

Those that didn't…

Stigmatisation and social exclusion along with unfortunate loss of wealth and business had been enough to make them reconsider their position and thus far nothing further had been needed to be done to get people to work with them.

Of course, the carrots that were handed out did much to dissuade most from working against them but as always there were always a few that wanted to play the game despite not knowing that they had already lost before they even started.

All of that along with massive economic reform and societal programs intended to uplift the poorer parts of society has made for a more united society.

Experiencing in some way the hard times after the war and the presence of fewer muggleborns – squibborns – and half bloods that made this a lot more palatable to the more conservative voters and the success of squibborns integrating well at the primary schools was doing more to drive away a lot of blood purity sentiments.

No doubt change was going to be greater in the next few years, after all…

They've tilled the earth now so it was only a waiting game for the cabbages to grow.

"Have you received word?" Malfoy asked, getting to the point as to why Rasmussen was invited to Malfoy Manor.

"I have." He said, his hand reaching out in his inside breast pocket and he brought out a green coin. Malfoy showed his own coin.

"So it's time then." Malfoy said and Rasmussen hummed in affirmation.

"Yes." Rasmussen said as he raised his glass "To the future." 'To her'

Malfoy raised his glass, a shadow of a smile on his face.

"May magic favour us"

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

12th​ of January 1957 – Illos

William Bell POV

The doors opened and stood up as the two they were waiting on arrived.

"Please sit down gentlemen." Queen Emily said and he, along with Bishop, Parkinson and Laset sat down after a small bow of the head.

He'd gotten used it quicker than he thought. Referring her, him, them as royalty.

People were quite the creatures of habit. He supposed it helped that Atticus and Emily Sayre had that air of authority from the day he met them.

A fleeting thought passed through his mind that wondered if it wasn't just completely their magic knowing that magical aura can exude certain…effects.

"Alright. Shall we begin then?" King Atticus said as he opened up a stack of parchment and the meeting summarily began.

This fortnightly meeting consisted of Director Walter Bishop of the Offices of Magical Innovation and Technology, Overseer Parelius Parkinson of the Office of Intelligence, Overseer Laset of the Office of Space and himself as the Overseer of the relatively newly made Office of Biology and Chemistry dealing in all things biological and chemical – both magically and scientifically speaking.

Where the High Council meeting and the departmental meetings held with the Chief Representatives glossed over projects in a general informational manner, in this meeting the details were discussed.

With the number of projects that were running concurrently, it was both the meeting he was looking forward to the most and also the meeting he loathed the most.

Bishop went first and began the rundown on the progress of the projects in his department, of which there were many.

Crystal based computer and control systems, automated manufacturing facilities, supersolid and superfluid materials, nuclear reactor design and development, research into ion and plasma propulsion…

And then there were the particle, energy, gravitic, quantum and dimensional physics research projects intended to quantify laws of reality that magic intuitively and casually distorted or bent…

Suffice it to say, his part of the meeting was prolonged though he thankfully kept the more research heavy projects to a few sentences whilst focusing more on the projects that were further along in progress.

One such project that already had a practical element to it was the Torus Project, a project focused towards developing two separate forms of magnetic confinement methods – magical and technological before a succeeding project would be greenlit that would develop a combined method.

Of course all of these projects required significant understanding of several disciplines, most heavily, naturally of course, physics and the application of what often was only theory. Even with being heavily supplemented with knowledge crystals, there were only a few among thousands that had the capabilities of making real significant impact and progress.

That said, even those of…middling potential were extremely useful even if they did not fully grasp the knowledge they absorbed. It provided a minimum average knowledge pool even if they did not have the interest or the capabilities to grasp the higher physics which was important for any civilisation and Illos…

Well, Illos was quite likely the highest educated pool of individuals in both parts of the world and as more knowledge was filtered through from the wrecked ship, he expected that progress to reach an exponential rate.

The wrecked ship…the ancient human ship…

When he'd first been told he had magic not long after he'd been rescued from the camps, he thought he would never be that surprised again.

It was the third time in his life he'd been so wrong.

He'd seen the ship, the alien but familiar design of the three hundred meter long ship, lodged at the far reaches of Illos and he'd set foot within it.

The sheer scientific knowledge – knowledge that was thousands of years ahead of their current understanding – that the ship possessed did not triumph as significantly as he would have thought once he learnt of the history of ancient humans through crew logs and captain logs, their predecessors.

To know that humanity once sailed the stars for millions of years until wars against terrifying and overwhelming enemies had cast them low had honestly shaken him.

And it had felt too familiar.

The universe had a morbid funny bone about humanity and its repeating tragedies.

He had not spent much time with the ship – after all it was mostly technological and data that was more physics in nature – though he knew that Bishop, the Sayres and Yprikushma had spent well over a year with the ship with the Seelie before making it known to the rest of the Illosian leadership.

He was also quite certain that the Sayres had known about the ship many years before Bishop had known, questions he long had but never voiced had been answered.

It was what finally made sense to him, this focus, rather obsession they had with fusing technology and magic into a viable developmental tree.

Both of them were from privileged backgrounds that fitted well in this backward magical world at large, a world that shared as much similarities with the Nazis as it did with the aristocracies of the world, so for them to abandon much of the tenets that would have seen them remain at the absolute top as long as they conformed…

It was cynical, he mused to himself as he watched Bishop speak. But it was also the most realistic reason he could come to with the information he had. No one did anything this drastic without a purpose behind it.

Still, he'd seen enough of Atticus Sayre, their 'King', to know that he did care heavily about the people of Illos and it was a point in favour for the man but it wasn't hard to see that Illos was not meant to simply be a nation…

No, the special focus on space made it clear what the direction they were headed towards was.

He understood it too.

Far too well.

The genocide attempted against hi-…the Jewish people made it clear of how long running hatreds and fear can combine into a deadly soup of nationalism, fascism and dehumanisation

Even before being introduced to magic at the age of twelve after being ferried away from the Ghettos, magic had still a presence in the other side of the world, a distant presence yet nonetheless still a presence in the form of myths and legends…and dislike and apprehension.

Calling someone a witch was considered an insult, an insult that alluded towards unnaturalness and association with the devil, the epitome of evil and such imagery would be conjured should the Statute ever fall.

And given the…prideful nature of many Wizarding communities, he would not be surprised if it came to all out war when the spark was lit.

And with how the communities lived amongst the non-magicals…

It was an interesting conundrum…and he wasn't sure if it wouldn't split his loyalties.

Some of the rescued families had elected to remain in the States, taking the option of having immigration sped through whilst most others, after the war, went to Israel.

Not many remained in MACUSA.

The decision to refuse to rescue their more mundane family members and people had made distrustful people grow resentful and became prejudiced against magicals…against their own children who were all slipping into the world of magic in a way they didn't – couldn't understand.

It had been the most…conflicted he'd felt and it was something that had torn him up for a long time, well into his adulthood.

Especially after his father had grown distant after they argued and it became clear that his father resented him, at least in some small way, for being magical and the reason for their rescue whilst the rest of their family were dead or were dying.

He'd resented the world at one stage especially the magical world and it had taken him to see the world, by way of SIMS, to know the truth.

Very few people cared about something that didn't affect them or people like them.

The German people knew and let the Nazis commit the atrocities because the Jewish and other undesirables weren't like them. They were other.

In his father's eyes…he was other now.

The magical world was not so dissimilar to the muggle world in this regard. Not for skin or race but for ones' blood.

Still. He learnt and came by to the truth. People were tribalistic. The Germans had let their animalistic animosity run rampant and butchered millions.

Differences had been magnified and others reduced to less than human.

Peoples were reduced to tribes and tribes had formed.

The Jewish survivors had done the same and coalesced into Israel and most of the non-magical survivors rescued from the camps and ghettoes left, with MACUSA aid in return for insured silence on magic, to make Israel home…just like his father did.

And in their wake, some of them, like his father, had left behind tribe-less children, a child of both worlds, a child of no people. Jew-ish but not a Jew.

It was not long afterwards that he'd personally met Atticus Sayre at SIMS, a man he'd grown to hate only to come away with grudging respect.

He had not lied and told him – and other Jewish survivors after the horrors of the war and the crimes of the Germans and other collaborators were made clear to the world – that he had to choose.

To choose to save all of the victims of the war and thus endanger his people all whilst there was a Dark Lord shattering Magical Europe or to only save magicals and their immediate family and hope that it goes unnoticed by all.

He chose to save them.

A self-admitted selfish choice for people he saw as part of his tribe. And it was that that led him here, eventually and ironically, to become part of this…tribe he was forming, one that was apparent that meant more than just Illos.

And Illos was showing itself the prime experiment about the greater scope of that notion, that idea that the magical world was a single tribe just how Israel was becoming a single tribe of Jewish people (at least in theory. In practice, well…).

Despite that, he still felt Jewish but it was a thin feeling that grew less and less as the years passed and the few letters between him and his father lessened to nothing, especially now that he'd remarried.

He knew it wasn't a phenomenon unique to himself – or to other Jewish magicals.

The Sayres deserved credit in that regard…that they were able to develop an environment where one such as he did not feel as…disconnected from the magical world as he had felt in MACUSA, in Ireland during his studies at SIMS and similarly from the muggle world when he'd been at Princeton whilst making that lack of disconnect nearly universal regardless of what your heritage once was.

Even more so for being able to move an entire population to embrace two forms of development, magical and technological, as readily as the people of Illos have done.

It wasn't hard to see the logic of why the Sayres wanted it that way either.

It was the right approach. Ground the population in solid scientific understanding whilst at the same time furthering the understanding of the natural world through having that understanding applied magically through spell creation or some other means like runes.

And it was working.

It was equally fascinating and concerning, the way the Sayres were able to move a majority – at least before the recent migrations – technologically ignorant peoples to embrace what they had originally shunned and derided as inferior.

The power of personality, he supposed.

He'd seen it personally before…In Germany.

He'd been eight when Krystal Nacht had happened, the first time he lost a large part of his innocence. It wouldn't long after those few nights that he lost all of it in the Ghettoes.

Charismatic leaders were able to sway entire peoples to their course and the Sayres were amongst the most charismatic he'd ever seen, so much so that Atticus Sayre managed to turn him away from hating him to grudgingly respecting him until he was settled into reluctantly appreciating him now that he knew him.

That combined with their intellect, their magic and the knowledge they possess…

Their motivations and actions thus far were what kept him as loyal as he was.

He could not forget that it was Atticus Sayre that orchestrated the mission to save the Jewish magicals, squibs and their parents from the camps and it was him who fought and defeated Grindelwald who was worse than Hitler had been.

Atticus Sayre deciding to leave Britain instead of pushing the magical world into another war once his ideals were rejected bore the hallmarks of a man unwilling to burn the world for his ambitions instead opting to bring about his vision somewhere new and in peace, creating a state was the most progressive and equal than any other nation he knew of…magical or mundane.

Even if he believed that the peoples of Illos 'electing' the Sayres bordered on abusing the trust of the population, it was far from a position of absolute authority given the checks on power the Sayres imposed on themselves and on the State itself.

And with the clear destination towards space…it was clear that the Sayres were already working on providing a solution for a problem in the not too distant future.

For all of those reasons, William considered them different and worthy to follow.

But never blindly. He knew the consequences of complacency and uncaring.

Never that.

It was towards the last section of Bishop's reporting that he spoke about the research about the nature of the universe, extracted from the data of the wrecked ship.

"So far, we've managed to sort through more of the data." Bishop said, his eyes sweeping across the table. "It's been hard to extract immediately…usable data as the ship's core given that it was damaged and also not reflective of the ancient human's entire knowledge but nevertheless we've managed to develop a clearer understanding of the nature of the universe…including its topography…in normal reality and of this slipspace dimension."

Dimensions weren't new to magicals.

They were playing with dimensions for centuries before the Enlightenment even happened but the data they extracted from the ship hinted towards other permanent dimensions…including the method they used for Faster than Light travel.

Bishop went on to explain that so far they deciphered that the topology of the universe was like a sponge. There was an underlying structure of the universe that caused high density and low density regions of matter and mass to be connected and complementary.

High density regions would form on intersecting and overlapping structures causing high density regions to form in the intersection points whilst in the spaces between the intersection points there would be large areas of low density but still connected to the underlying structure of the universe.

Bishop said that a project had been approved to build a high orbit telescope to verify.

Slipspace had a similar kind of topology as well.

"Slipspace is definitively the dimension the ancient humans used to travel between one point in space to another faster than light…much faster than light" Bishop said.

"The data has confirmed this?" the king questioned.

"Yes." Bishop affirmed

"The Seelie were instrumental in decoding the haze of topographical calculations but it is clear now that it is an alternate dimension that sits on top of our own." Bishop said before pausing for a moment. "From what we're able to understand it is an uneven dimension, its topographical features more akin to mountain and valleys and the duration of travel differs depending on what route you take through this space."

"So in a way it mirrors our own reality." The queen mused and Bishop nodded before he frowned a little

"Yes but it also has different rules. There are calculations that hint that the ship must be massless." At that William leaned in a little interested. How was that managed?

"Massless?" the king questioned, equally surprised before he frowned as he leaned back "They made the ship massless." He said in an appreciative tone.

"It could be that they figured out a generate a bubble of some kind, a field of energy that made the ship pass through slipspace with the field generation the physics of zero mass" William said as he looked to the king and then the queen.

"We'll have to dissemble the ship to find the device." Bishop said

"Most of the knowledge we extracted of the ship has been with the help of the Seelie who cleaned the data into usable information. Most of that information was physics and not technological." Bishop added. 'And engineering and metallurgical' William mused to himself. Nothing about biological or chemical unfortunately.

It hadn't been a scientific ship after all. Likely military.

The king and queen exchanged looks, a silent conversation happening as the room waited on their response. The wrecked ship was a closely guarded secret, one that they were reluctant to let out at present.

"Very well." The queen said as she turned to Bishop. "The Seelie will disassemble the ship. It's time we try to glean into the ship's construction process anyway."

The conversation went on a little before they finally reached the last topic of Bishop's projects "The nuclear fission project" the king called out and a holo of the reactor design showed up.

"So far construction is proceeding well and we expect completion by May." Bishop paused, his eyes settling on Parkinson who took over.

"The security measures will be finished by March." He answered in his hallmark monotonous tone. Whilst the power plant was only a proof of concept to cut the teeth of the engineers and scientists on reactor construction, it would still be a functioning energy supply for six months.

Given the nature of Illos, its closed environment, the danger was quite apparent even if nuclear waste would be magically vanished away.

The plant would otherwise be entirely mundane built.

The security measures would tie in with the Guardian Array which had wards in place to halt the mechanisms that induce chain reactions in fissile isotopes from happening. In this instance, it would halt runaway reactions outside of control.

The fact that the Sayres had already considered adding such a thing to the wards was honestly impressive and left him curious to see what else they protected against.

Not surprising given that Atticus was a transfiguration master highly adept in science

Knowing atomic science as he did, it wouldn't be impossible to create a series of reactions splitting nuclei from atoms into smaller nuclei releasing energy in the form of heat and radiation each time a reaction occurs.

Knowing him…he was capable of it and had created countermeasures against others from being able to do it. It was doubtful that most would be able to however.

He wasn't even sure if he himself could do it despite his own understanding of atomic and nuclear science.

At least not without making himself the epicentre of the explosion.

"Good" the queen said appreciatively.

"The importance of security measures cannot be understated. As we progress in development, more dangerous projects will be undertaken and it is vital we do not allow any crack for disaster to slip through." The queen stated before her eyes fell on him.

"Mr Bell. Onto your reports." And he so began to speak about his research on DNA.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

14th​ of January 1957 – Illos

Emily POV

His long tender fingers, fingers that felt like small bottles of lightning each time the tips of his fingers made contact with her bare skin, ran through her hair with a slow harmonic rhythm up and down and up again, repeating without a single misstep and she felt like being played, her hair the strings and her body the harp, the sounds of the hot showering water that pattered and drizzled the percussion to this song of melting companionship.

She leaned a little back, the soft disturbance of the warm pool of water they sat in added to the hum of contentment that escaped her when she felt more of his body, his legs touching her thighs and her back caressing her chest from the way she was nestled in between his legs.

Her fingers began to trace a nondescript pattern on his thigh, simply enjoying touching his body. "Feels nice." He said before he kissed the side of her head.

She smiled softly before tilting her head slightly and he hung his head over her shoulder, their cheeks touching. His arms now held her naked body and she relaxed into him. She closed her eyes, letting the warmth of the water and his presence wash over her and it was akin to a wave of blue fire melting the ice in her veins.

Neither said anything for quite some time, both content in the loving embrace they held each other in. She cherished this, this feeling of completeness. A completeness that felt like the moment entropy had finished reversing and retreating to a singularity, the flickering moment before existence was once more made to be.

She could burrow into this place, this moment, for an age, hours and days could pass and she would not hesitate to let it pass if only to let this remain lasting.

It was a shame then that there was still so much to do, so much to see happen.

None more so than this past year, a year that had been immensely busy for the pair of them.

Bringing down the second asteroid and shaping it for the Japanese whilst also making sure that the zero-mass field generator – the field that would protect the ship during slipstream transition – and the traction control mechanisms were installed without the Japanese ever being the wiser.

Pushing Illos further along magically, technologically and culturally whilst also welcoming another few thousand people…

Then there were the plans for dealing with the fallout of their existence…and then there were the ICW…the Men of Symbols…

Suffice it to say, neither of them had ever been as busy as they've been lately.

And she also knew the Men of Symbols were a mental drain on Atticus.

Where before he spent perhaps once a few days meditating, he spent hours every morning and sometimes even in the evenings using her time turner checking if they were still in the optimum possibility.
Again and again, the future changed and twisted, the Men of Symbols doing something, or planned to nothing, altering all of his and hers carefully laid out plans. Sometimes she hated the…lack of inherited talent in Divination, talent that was needed for Living Time.

They knew now that the Men of Symbols were not conventionally talented in Divination – not like Agoralos or Atticus were – and that meant that she could also learn but she didn't see the point of being only able to see her personal current future when others were capable of seeing entire possibilities.

She already had a talent of being able to tell if something significant was going to happen and she had felt it happen several times now but it was nothing amazing or particularly useful. And Atticus needed useful. It was why she hoped his training of Agoralos would yield positive results.

She knew how dangerous it was, for others to have the same kind of abilities that Atticus had. In most instances she would have considered it the height of idiocy. In war and peace knowing what someone was going to do before they were going to do gave an unprecedented advantage to the point that it might even be considered absolute.

Even power disparity would not be able to counter those who could plan generations in advance. The Men of Symbols had shown the dangers of that and had it not been for the Monks…

History had lessons to be learnt and she knew better than to expect or even want Atticus to bear all of that pressure on his own especially knowing he was not infallible nor all-seeing and if another organisation was to appear in their future…

The Office of Far-Sight was necessary. She had accepted that.

Of course it didn't mean that Agoralos or the Office wouldn't be tied heavily in binding loyalty and secrecy oaths. Sandra's legal contracts were only the beginning.

She knew that what she and Atticus were putting in motion was terrible to the common person and the last thing they needed was a 'morally conscientious' individual interfering due to some foolish notions of right and wrong.

With Atticus teaching Agoralos the truth of necessity and later other Seers, that problem should be addressed. For the most part.

In any case, the Men of Symbols were a problem that was proving to be a unique challenge and getting rid of the problem was not the solution, not this time. Not when they were actively planning on catching them committing crimes or murders.

…Even orchestrating scenarios where their deaths would immensely impact their image to the world in a negative light to the point that they would have to war to get their world off-world.

In some instances they even worked to fabricate crimes and they had to deploy some of their people to interfere and stop them from planting evidence.

At times, she debated arguing with Atticus to simply outright declare war with the ICW regardless of consequences, but from what he'd shown her, it could result in nuclear war if things escalate beyond their control…and that of the Men of Symbols.

Parkinson was now fully clued in on the situation and was directly helping with the matter with Amelie Cantona's team capturing, interrogating and obliviating Men of Symbols agents identified by Atticus that were planted in some important nations like Argentina, Australia, Benin, Brazil and Turkey.

The Men of Symbols only knew their personal timelines and as long they kept moving things in a way that blinded them, that didn't involve them or was possible for them to learn…

It did mean that Atticus couldn't act on anything nor could she and Illos.

His fingers traced along the lengths of her arms and it was getting her slightly aroused. She shifted slightly, moving her arse a little closer to his groin.

She felt his throat move on her shoulder, a lustful rumble and he caressed her warm cheek with his stubbled face before his hands moved down the length of her arms and seized her hands with his own, his thumbs circling gently on the back of her hands. She fell deeper into his embrace, her mind running slower, her thoughts at the edges of her mind.

Thoughts on her work with Parkinson to draw closer distant magical communities that were the fringes of the magical world around the final quarter of this century, to learn of their traditions, their cultures and what they might need to do in order for them to be convinced to tie their futures to them willingly.

Profiles were being made and updated on the family structures of these societies, their values, their ideological beliefs and their viewpoints on outsiders…all of it would contribute to their interactions with these people.

Her mind circled towards the magic-centric faith and spirituality that was growing on Illos. A spirituality that grew after each traditional festival or celebration was conducted in one grand communion where all attended.

She thought on the further work she needed to do to set the stage of revealing their ancient past as an advanced species that once sailed the seas amongst the stars…

"I love you…Emily Sayre." His words were soft, softer than the fur of that of a brown-furred bearwolf. She gripped his hands a little tight and she tilted her head towards his face until her lips on the edges of his mouth.

She kissed him gently, tenderly.

"And I you." She returned, her face nestling beneath his chin and onto his collarbone as she turned slightly and laid against his chest. She pulled at her magic, the humid air twisting into more water, the level of the pool rose and they began to be submerged deeper in the water.

His arms, his hands still holding onto her hands, wrapped around her and she let the abyss of sleep take her, content and warm in the arms of her beloved with the last thought on her mind that with each other…with each other they would see all of the desires and dreams realised.

As destiny commanded.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

15th​ of February 1957 – Illos, Chimera Arena

Anne POV

The one numbered seven on the blue team – The Nikita Rovers – dove towards the ground, three members of the white team – Odin's Hotspurs – chasing after him.

The man numbered seven had the quaffle, the Q-ball as some had taken to call it to distinguish it from Quidditch, was twisting and turning, moving his body with a deftness at a speed she thought incredible.

She hadn't even seen Atticus move that fast.

He stopped and shot back up and threw the ball towards one of his teammates but it was intercepted by the number four on the white team and the chase ensued. All of it was happening at high speeds in the Ever-Changing Thunder Arena, the arena that could change environment within seconds though in this instance it only had four walls and two goals hanging from the ceiling some three hundred metres off of the ground.

The game, Threepeller, was a game played between two teams of seven, wearing braces and bands on their ankles that allowed them to fly at a maximum speed of sixty miles per hour. It was intense and she winced reflectively more than once when she'd seen someone crash even if she knew that the walls and ground were made of foam-like substances.

"Are you enjoying yourself mother?" Atticus asked and she turned to him.

She'd arrived a month or so ago having decided to remain a little longer than the week here and there she spent in Illos with her son and daughter-in-law. Most of her time since she returned from space she spent it with Sophia and little Marie who she thought needed her a lot more.

They were in a private box in the arena with a few people that worked for Atticus. Emily decided to skip the game and run some errants.

"I am. A lot more violent than Quidditch." She said with a frown as she redirected her attentions towards the game and as if to validate her words, the number two on the white team crashed into the number six on the blue team.

"Yes." Atticus said with a smile in his voice "It's kind of early days so the rules having been set all too concretely yet. I think after the season ends the Games Committee is going to sit down and put a few more rules against crashes and fouling."

She nodded absently before she turned her attentions back on the game.

The game had only been around for about a year from what Atticus told her and from the sounds of it, it was entirely by accident. Apparently there had been some students at the Pandrosion experimenting with a runic project for flight and after they got some working equipment, they decided to play Quidditch without the brooms and snitch.

From there…well, it just kind of snowballed.

She didn't like the validation of the kids' actions though. What they did was dangerous and they could have hurt themselves. She at least hoped the kids were punished by the school and their privileges limited.

The game continued and throughout it, she observed her son interacting with a few of the people who had attended the game with him. It seemed that even in his leisurely time work followed him.

To learn he had become King had shocked her but after thinking about it, it didn't surprise her, not when it clicked that it was effectively his life already.

Still, she hadn't approved.

The political ramifications that this would result in once Illos joined the magical world would be…it would be chaotic, it would have optics that would make many Ministries distrust her son and Illos in general.

The ICW would play up on those fears especially as they could easily draw up imageries of similarities between himself and Dark Lords.

After all, rulers of nations in the magical world were only observed and found in Dark Lords. A Wizard King has not happened, from what she knew, for thousands of years, the most prominent having been Narim Sin of the Akkad Kingdom and that had been before the Greeks had risen to prominence.

There had been self styled kings during the antiquities but they never lasted beyond a few decades and in time they were considered little more than Dark Lords.

She knew that this was different and many others would know of it too.

The last true magical kingdom had been Atlantis and Illos…

Illos, to anyone's critical eye, would be seen as its successor.

And that…that was a kind of threat to many powerful people, a kind of perception they absolutely would not want to be reached for it gives Illos an authority they would be loathed to allow to be granted.

Atlantis had a mystical, almost wondrous, appeal to it. A golden age where freedom had been at its most absolute and they had no cause to fear muggles.

And Atticus had only increased the pressures and scrutiny that he'd have from the magical world. She continued to observe him as the game reached its end.

She hardly saw him not working, if it is not on something in Illos itself, it's somewhere else in the world and if its not within the world then it is out there, like going over planetary reports of the planets and moons in the Phelexes system.

Emily was just as bad as he was and she wondered how they had time for themselves.

She felt a swell of sadness, to see that he'd changed so much. It was hard to recognise the boy who loved magic with all of his being, the boy with wide eyes and that devoured every bit of knowledge he could get his little grubby hands on.

Yet behind that sadness, she was extremely proud of him and she knew that Markus would be too. To see him become this great man Markus had always believed he would become.

She only prayed to mother magic that he wouldn't lose himself to pressures, the weight that were on his shoulders. A weight that was heavier and unfair for anyone, let alone her only son to carry.

Plans and dreams and hopes placed on his shoulders that were hundreds of thousands of years old, made by ancient ancestors whose enemies may not be as defeated as once hoped just as new zealous enemies made their presence known who were only around the figurative corner who could beat down the door at any point…

And then there were the plans of lifting the entire magical world towards worlds whose star would take fifty thousand years to reach Earth…

After the game ended, Atticus took them home, escorted by his ever present guards – she found it rather funny that the man who defeated a dark lord needed guards – and they talked well into the evening.

It had been nice to see him so relaxed and happy.

She didn't see that in him when he was busy with…with it all.

"Are you happy?" she asked him quietly, the corner of her eyes creasing as she looked at her son carefully.

He had been in the process of pouring wine for both of them and he stopped moving and he turned to her, his expression surprised before he seemed to relax into vague resignation which turned into a strange smile as he turned away from her gaze.

"Do I look unhappy?" he asked, his voice calm.

"I don't really know. Sometimes you do look it." She asked tenderly and he turned around, a glass of wine floating towards her. She took it from the air, her eyes still intently on her son.

He sat down back in his seat, his expression turning a hint more genuine as he began to speak "Happiness…" he said with a twist of the lips and there was a strangeness to it. "Happiness isn't something that is sustained. It comes in bouts and fits. It comes with different strengths, in joys or in contentments. It is never always happy or unhappy."

He drank of his wine and she remained silent, letting him speak. He had never strayed the promises he made years ago…that he wouldn't lie to them.

He swirled the drink in his glass before he met her gaze again.

"I am happy when I am with Emily…when I am working with magic or learning something new." He smiled slightly, evidence of fondness creeping out in his expression "I am happy when I am here with you or with Sophia and little Marie. I am happy when I am working for the betterment of my people."

"…But?" she coaxed gently.

"I am subject to moments of unhappiness just as anyone else is." He told her honestly.

"You're not just anyone else." She said as she raised her glass to her lips, her eyes still intently on him. "Tell me." She urged behind her glass.

He sighed inaudibly as he looked at his glass momentarily.

"I have a great many responsibilities. Responsibilities that sometimes seem like they coalesce into something greater than I can handle. I have sacrificed much for my people…our people." He said as his gaze picked up, his usually too bright eyes now resembling more like hard embers of shadowed frozen fire before it went away a look of tiredness crept across his face and a forlorn smile plastering itself on his tired face.

"It comes and goes like the ebb and flow of the tide, this feeling of it all being a little too much." He smiled at her looking a little lighter "It is the nature of my life at present as a consequence of the responsibility and mantle I have taken but thankfully I have people here at Illos helping and learning how to help. I have you, I have Sophia" he smiled fondly "I have Emily." He said before he drank of his wine.

He looked at her with fondness and appreciation colouring his expression as he finished drinking.

"Do not worry yourself too much about me mother. I will be fine." He assured her.

She got up from her seat and made her way towards him, grabbing the glass of wine from his hand as she sat across from him. She grabbed his face with both of her hands "Even if the world hangs on every little decision you make, even if it depends on you entirely" she said with a saddened smile

"It still wouldn't be worth if it is making you unhappy and doubt yourself."

He closed his eyes slightly and he grabbed her hands, gently peeling her hands off of his face before he reopened them "Thank you for your concern mother." He gently squeezed her hand.

"It is an unhappiness that I can bear as I know at the end Illos and the rest of the magical world will stand greater than ever before. That itself has a happiness of its own." He told her before he smiled a little.

"Sight is both a curse and a gift."

After that, their conversation turned away and towards lighter, freer topics like the possibility of Marie coming to Illos for Beltane and it wasn't longer after that Emily arrived and joined the conversation.

She'd watched them carefully and without making it appear as if she wasn't looking and she saw that he loved her dearly and she him. He leaned into her touch and she leaned her body into his, decorum meaning little even in her presence.

They leaned on each other psychologically just as much as they craved each other physically, that was clear to her and it made her heart lighten ever so much knowing that Emily would be there for him when the weight of his decisions become too much for one person to bear.

Soon enough it become only two as Emily remained whilst Atticus went away briefly and she spoke up to Emily "He needs you more than you can know, Emily." Anne said honestly and it was clear that Emily had been taken slightly aback.

She got up and made to leave, imparting one last comment "Do not let him crumble."

And as she left Emily had the last word. "I have no intention of letting that happen"

Anne smiled and the weight in her heart grew lighter knowing that she meant every word of it.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

22nd​ of May 1957 – Diagon Alley, Daily Prophet Office

Theodore Pyrites POV

His fingers clacked on the typewriter, inky words materialising from the shoot from the small opening on the back of the device before they splattered across the two by two feet parchment that hung in front of him, a kind of clacking that felt like a monotonous drone much like how he felt writing this story.

A story that was about the crowd Fortescue's created because of their 'Mind meltingly good Sorbonne' collection of ice-cream.

Yes…things were that dull that this was going to be a page two story.

Their competitors, The International Magical Press, otherwise known as IMP, soaked up all of the international news, places were conflicts and interesting and dramatic political events were happening aplenty.

A far cry from the rather stale but stable British Isles where the good times were so good that they were boring. He stopped briefly from writing, his mind a little stuck on that thought process, a thought that was thought carelessly and was without meaning.

He grimaced. He would choose these days over those days quite soundly.

He had nightmares for months after witnessing the bombing and its aftermath.

Still, it wouldn't have been so bad if there was at least something to write about.

The Ministry was a well oiled machine now with the Ouroboros party having made it an efficient circuit of bureaucracy. It hadn't been so in the earlier days.

The days where heart stopping shocks were nearly daily, centuries old laws that protected privileges of the nobility at the cost of the common people were ripped apart and more egalitarian and equal laws were instated and enforced.

No one had been exempt, not even the nobility, from cooperating and living the rules set by Ouroboros for all and it had caused some rumours of discontent amongst the traditionalist though it had seemed those rumours had nothing in them for just the next time it came for the laws to be approved by the Council of Lords, it had passed with easy majority.

He wasn't that surprised, not when there was a looming giant in the form of Atticus' terrifying wife at their backs. A woman who since the bombing had become an institution on its own, one that seemed bridged so many different areas with seamless ease.

And whose departure was still keenly felt even if her works and her endeavours were continued despite her absence.

Orphaned Squibborns were still taken in though this time it was state-funded, the orphanages, and introduction to the magical world was done at age six with the children enrolling with magical-raised children at the primary schools in Godric's Hollow, Hogsmeade, Mould-on-the-Wold, Ottery St. Catchpole, Tinworth and the few other magical-only villages dotted England, Wales and Scotland.

And from the sounds of it, it was a roaring success as the children had taken to the traditions and culture of their world like a hungry babe to a breast and the parents were also brought into the fold slightly more than they would have in the past.

Curriculums at the other secondary schools were well funded to the point that they were almost as good as Hogwarts and schooling for the more magically challenged children was also funded by the Ministry which had a national fund where 'investments' around the world and within Britain.

It allowed the Ministry to run with a positive budget without having to raise taxes beyond a measly twenty percent for the highest earners and fourteen percent for middle income earners. The industries that were hit hard by the Sayres being exiled recovered and prices were cheaper than they were before the Grindelwald war.

Crime was at its lowest point ever and Knockturn Alley had been turned into a 'friendly' zone for normal people to visit as Dark magic was normalised – to a certain degree – with permits and law keeping order along with shopkeepers being all too happy to enforce the law should the more dangerous individuals get too rowdy for fear of upsetting the good thing they had going on.

He sat back in his chair, his hand unconsciously going towards the quill behind his head and placed the end of the quill in his mouth, softly chewing on the mostly destroyed feather stem.

Even the arguments being Light and Dark were…civil now, Houses that were ideological enemies for generations were making overtures to each other in the form of marriages whilst traditions and magic that were banned, like all forms of blood magic, were reviewed and permitted in the same way the Irish Ministry permitted the study of dangerous magic at the Seshet Institute of Magic and Science.

The country was hardly recognisable from the dark times only four years ago and even less than the years prior to Grindelwald's rise…so much so that people were calling this Britain's Golden Era and it was hard to argue against.

And they knew who they had to thank for that.

Ouroboros.

The party that dominated the British political world, a party that had half of the British magical population signed on as 'members' and half of the other half might as well be 'members' given that they would undoubtedly vote for them again.

And if one had to thank Ouroboros, then undoubtedly one had to thank its founder and many did exactly that.

Emily Slytherin-Sayre…

Her absence had made the people of Britain grow fonder of her to the point people were comparing her to Avaliona, the mother of magicals in that play that was still one of the most popular plays any time it played.

Not surprising giving that it was good.

He wasn't going to admit it but he cried the first time he'd seen it, especially at the end when the Celts were broken and were a shadow of themselves, crying and begging for forgiveness for the betrayal they wrought.

He'd denied it fervently when Jessica, his ex he'd gone to see it with claimed she saw him cry. She didn't buy it and after that, the relationship kind of… soured.

He snorted, the quill falling from his mouth and he scrambled to catch it before it fell and he just about managed. Anyway…if she remains away for much longer a few of the crazier lots would actually start praying to her.

He sighed and placed the quill on the table next to the typewriter before he leaned back again, his mind returning back to her…and Atticus.

His old...friend who directly or indirectly had changed so much of the world like he always shown promise of being capable of doing since the very first year of Hogwarts.

Hogwarts…

It seemed like an age...their time at Hogwarts.

The slow thawing of his distance from them until they were close friends, the five of them, the five Ravens. He sighed. It truly felt like an age.

He was still close to Marcus but he was busier than most now that he was a junior official in the Ministry and had his family with his two daughters. The man nabbed himself a great girl in Sarah.

He spoke with Eden even less but they kept somewhat in contact. She was now married to Luther Smith, heir to the Smith title and fortune and had a son of her own, Mordecai, whilst she worked in the Department of Mysteries.

And Nymera…

He hadn't seen her for almost fifteen years.

Her brother had married her off to some nobody, a scandal at the time, before she left to New Zealand of all places though the last he heard the man was now a prominent New Zealand Ministry official, a deputy of some kind.

It had been years since he'd seen a letter from her, let alone speaking to her though he knew she had children of her own as Eden and Nymera still exchanged yearly letters.

And Atticus…

Well no one had seen or heard from him since his exile having left with nearly a third of the British population. The old administration had effectively made his name and that of the Sayres taboo and Emily Slytherin-Sayre was only known as Emily Slytherin and he had no idea why she had accepted it so easily then.

Not when he'd been at the wedding and seen how much the two had loved each other, an unlikely love he had seen blossom as the cold terrifying girl began to love his friend and his friend somehow managing to turn the cold terrifying girl into a more terrifying but at least human.

A human girl who grew to become a human woman capable of getting people devoted to her. Similar but in a different way people had become devoted to Atticus during the war and after it before his exile.

A woman who remained despite the fury that was descended upon his husband and his family and had come out of it in what he could only describe as being loved like Merlin must have been loved when he had lived and built modern Magical Britain.

And now she'd been gone for years and it wasn't hard to guess where she was.

He'd often wondered himself.

The last time he'd seen Atticus had been a year before he left and despite the terrible tensions that seemed to spill into outright civil war, he had seemed calm and told Theo not to worry, that things would work out and that he should do what he felt was right should he be asked to write about him.

He hadn't understood, not then. Not until he started at the Daily Prophet and he was pressured to share information about his friend, something he had done but he kept his private thoughts and the more sensitive discussions to himself, feigning ignorance.

He hadn't been able to betray his old friend nor betray the memory of what he had known to be a special but unlikely friendship of five different people.

He only wished he knew where his friend was. Where Emily Slytherin-Sayre had gone to join him. He wasn't that different than the public in that regard.

The public loved gossiping about where they might be and the Quibbler's usually insane ramblings fed the fuel and had begun to become wildly popular as they supplied the public with fantastical rumours and stories.

He pulled out the drawer and picked up the latest issue of the Quibbler, his eyes falling on the headline

Mountainous Egg-ahoy!

He snorted.

The latest issue talked about how a giant egg crewed by mechanical men were coming to Britain. It was his guilty pleasure and though he wouldn't admit it, he enjoyed the humour of Iphikles Lovegood, the owner and editor of the Quibbler.

Nor would he admit that he used that humour as inspiration in some of his more 'fun' work. He shook his head and returned his fingers to the keys of his typewriter.

He spared a glance at the clock and realised that it was late, seven pm and he straightened out a little before he leaned forward, peering out of the window of his office into the main floor of the office and he saw he was one of only two still here.

Well, he imagined Barnabas Cuffe, the editor-in-chief, was still here in his own office. That man practically lived in his office.

He finished his article and sent it across to Cuffe via the Hanging Tubes, shoots that sucked up large parchments and sped them across the office, though he stayed another hour to finished up his next article in the business column before sending it through the Hanging Tubes to Cuffe.

Every office, including the office in Hogsmeade where Rupert was now editor-in-chief, had these.

By the time he made it back to his fairly modest home, he was tired and a little haggard. He made it through his door and instantly made for the kitchen.

He brought out the Sunday roast that was in stasis charms that he was meant to eat tomorrow but he couldn't be bothered to wait. He could always drop in to his mother for another roast dinner.

He piled on the meat and gravy and the filling onto the plate, eating it all the time, before he turned towards the living room. He was eating as he walked and he jerked in panic, the plate falling to the ground.

But no sound of a plate crashing came, no, it felt like the entire world had stilled in the same manner he had been shook still.

"Still clumsy as always, Theo?" Atticus said, his voice smooth and oozing with authority all while wearing an odd patient half smile, his legs crossed in a way that spoke of grace and privilege whilst he sat in a chair – his chair – by the hearth.

The plate floated before his face and that had done the trick, jolting him aware though still incredibly flummoxed, and he plucked the plate and fork from the air.

"H-How, w-w-what, A-attic-"

"Breathe Theo." Atticus said with a low rumbling chuckle and he gestured towards the sofa and Theo flinched a little. He knew that Atticus could do wandless magic in a way most people could never achieve with a wand.

Atticus chuckle died out and a patient expression came across his face, as if he was soothing an upset child that had scraped his knees.

Theo broke himself out of it and he silently made his way towards the other sofa in the apartment "You could have at least taken the sofa." He muttered as he sat down, glaring slightly without any heat towards Atticus who sat unfazed and undeterred.

Atticus' expression shifted to one of mild amusement and it struck Theo that the years had been good to him. His eyes somehow seemed to have only deepened in their magical glow though less obvious, as if it he'd grown to embody more of the ridiculous amount of magic he had access to.

He'd also grown into his handsomeness, no longer the boyish looking Prince that had women swoon over him but instead he looked more like an authoritative lord that many believed they were like and looked like but fell very short off.

Not Atticus though.

Annoyingly, the man probably would even have grandmothers swoon now.

He stuck his fork in a piece of turkey and ate silently, still staring at his old friend.

It was a few moments afterwards, after he'd swallowed the bite of turkey, that he spoked. "What brings you to my humble abode?" he asked evenly, intently watching his old friend. "It's not everyday someone breaks into my home."

'Let alone someone who was meant to be exiled, never to return' he idly thought.

The treaty had been ripped apart after the people complained vigorously about it after Ouroboros had released the entirety of it to the public.

So…technically Theo supposed Atticus was no longer exiled?

Atticus tilted his head, a half smile on his face, his eyebrows raised slightly "I seem to remember you once saying that I could always visit. I interpreted that as a standing invite." The cheeky bastard said and Theo pointed his fork at him.

"That…" he tried to say, his mouth opening and closing as he tried to formulate a response. He'd say that like once and it was just something you say to a friend!

You don't expect said friend to take that to mean he could break into your house in the middle of the late evening! "That is not what I meant!" he finally managed, his anger rising amidst a confusing pot of emotions seeing his friend in the flesh after so many years. "You know it too!"

Atticus' expression changed and it was more apologetic, sincerer "I know Theo."

Theo waited a little while as he looked expectantly, expecting something more but not entirely sure what he actually expected but Atticus remained silent.

Theo sighed and stuck his fork in his cooling potatoes and brought it to his mouth, staring at Atticus whilst he chewed. After he swallowed "So…" he trailed off, trying to initiate conversation from what seemed like the weirdest conversation he's had yet and he'd met and spoken to Iphikles Lovegood.

"So." Atticus finally said with a nod, his finger tapping on the armrest of the chair and Theo liked to think he was at least somewhat as uncomfortable as Theo was. He hoped that was true. "You've done for yourself Theo. I'm glad."

Theo barked out laughed at the absurdity before he looked at Atticus incredulously "Really, that's what you're beginning with?" he asked disbelievingly "Merlin, Atticus, you're terrible at this. Whatever…" he paused, his fork waving erratically towards Atticus and the living room "this is."

Atticus' lips twitched.

"I know. My…apologies for dropping in so unannounced. I wasn't entirely sure how else to go about visiting you without making it sudden and unexpected."

"It's sudden and unexpected alright" Theo muttered as he stabbed another slice of turkey with his fork and he brought it to his mouth before he paused and looked at Atticus "You hungry?"

"No, I'm quite alright. Thank you."

Theo grumbled but said nothing before he ate again.

He was hungry after a skipped lunch and nothing was going to stop him from eating.

"So…what can I do for you?" Theo bluntly asked after he set the plate down. He quickly waved a stasis charm on the meal before he returned his attentions to Atticus.

"I doubt you came to visit an old friend for sentimentalities sake." Theo said knowingly. Atticus had been very purposeful all his life. He had lived and breathed magic and though they were close friends, he knew as time went on he would lose himself to his interests.

He'd been right…in a fashion as he did lose himself to his interests…just not in magic. After the war Atticus had become someone who was a leader, a Lord of people in his own right and that had been part of why the Ministry had felt so threatened. Especially as his ideas had run so contrary how things were done.

Ironically a lot of ideas that were now law and part of British magical life.

In the back of his mind he often thought that though Atticus might not have been here he certainly had affected the British Magical world just as if he was still here years after his exile…despite his exile.

And in the form of his wife, he most certainly was.

Atticus looked seemingly appreciative of Theo's bluntness. "My nation is making itself known to the magical world soon. I would like you to write a paper. Unfiltered and unmonitored. Only as you see it."

Theo slowly sat back down on the sofa. "…Nation?" he asked, his voice showing clearly how surprised he was at that. It was one thing to suspect something like that, after all the way he'd enticed people to leave with him clearly signalled towards that, but it was another to hear from the source.

"Nation." Atticus confirmed. "A nation that has approximately twenty five thousand souls." 'That was about the same as Britain!' Theo thought to himself as Atticus continued

"A nation where equality is the normal and that looks after its citizens. A bit like Magical Britain though a little…different." Theo recognised the glint of mischief, the mischief he'd seen more than a few times in their youth.

"And you want me personally do write about it?" Theo questioned. He wouldn't fail to admit he was intensely curious about this purported nation. Atticus had quite a few faults but it was undeniable that he was brilliant.

He knew that Atticus would have created a Merlin-damned paradise if he had the time and opportunity. Barely even thirteen the guy enchanted the ceiling of his room to show the stars, a feat that ended up being repeated in the Astronomy Tower and that was still in use today and now at thirty three with a decade of time on his hands?

"I do."

Theo leaned forward, his expression determined "I will not lie." He prided himself on never lying or stretching the truth. He'd been made to lie by the Ministry when they still owned the paper and he had felt dirty for ages with the way they blatantly misled the public.

"I know." Atticus acknowledged with a nod. "Your integrity will not be comprised."

Theo snorted as he leaned back in his chair, avidly staring at Atticus in a way that must have seemed like he was trying to decipher him…and he was to an extent.

"Why me?" he asked finally.

Atticus uncrossed his legs as he leaned a little forward "I wasn't lying when I said you've done well for yourself. I've read your work throughout the years. Your early work with Rupert was pretty great though lately you seem to have hit a bit of a rump. I'd like you to reignite yourself and having you write about Illos first feels like a good opportunity."

"Y-you've been reading my work?" Theo asked in startled shock.

Also, did he pretty much say his latest work was dragon dung?!

"I have. We lead different lives now but we were close friends once. To me, reading your work was a way for me to know how you were doing." Atticus said to him.

Theo cleared his throat, unsure what to say about that. "I would have done the same, you know, keep an eye on you whilst you were nation building." He joked before pausing and looking at Atticus with a mild glare.

"My work lately hasn't been bad."

"You could have done better." Atticus returned as he leaned forward a little, an exasperated look on his face "That joke about the Centaurs in your article about the sale of the Hopkins' prized Abraxan show-mare was crude."

"People liked that!" Theo defended "People even write in saying that they never laughed that hard in ages." It was a great joke! Not his usual joke but he'd been in a bad mood for a few weeks after he broke up with his girlfriend Hannah.

Atticus looked at him as if to say 'come on' and Theo crossed his arms, staring defiantly at Atticus and for a moment he was brought back to his memories of similar scenarios back at Hogwarts and an unconscious smile formed on his face.

He uncrossed his arms and sighed.

"So Illos, eh?" Theo said, returning back to the subject at hand. "Strange name."

"It's a name that felt right" Atticus only said and Theo grunted before he nodded.

"Alright. I will write about Illos."

Atticus smiled pleased and nodded "Good. It will be a week long trip starting from the 24th​." Theo blinked at that.

"24th​ as in…as in two days from now?!" Theo exclaimed.

"Yes. It's the earliest we can accommodate for now." He said and Theo nodded slowly before he eyed Atticus carefully.

"I need to my boss know." He stated to Atticus whose expression didn't change as he spoke

"He may know after your trip. I would like discretion to remain until the 15th​ of June which is when we are planning to let ourselves known. That is the only condition I have."

Theo grimaced internally. "Alright." Theo acquiesced.

"Good." Atticus said with a pleased smile before he sat back in his chair "Now that business is over…" Atticus looked pointedly at him

"You're still unmarried?" And Theo felt like he was experiencing déjà vu, memories of his mother asking that same question disapprovingly each time he came to visit.

Unlike his mother though, a mischievous smile tugged at the corner of his lips and Theo smiled in return, moments before he began to begin his tale of misfortunate relationships and disastrous endings.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

15h​ of June 1957 – ICW Headquarters

Ramirez POV

A knock on the door of his office drew him out of his reading, a flash of irritation rising up in him before he called out "Come in."

The door opened and his eyes held a glint of interest as the Russian walked into his office. He hadn't known he'd been back from his investigations in Bulgaria yet.

Ramirez's gaze fell on the paper that he held in his left hand before they returned towards the stoic expression that the Russian wore.

"Dachemov." Ramirez acknowledged.

He threw the paper towards him and only a last moment of conscious thought stopped him from drawing his wand and the paper fell on the table.

He eyed Dachemov with a neutral expression but the man looked uncaring as he took the seat across his desk. "It seems like our white whale has gorged itself into becoming quite the specimen" Dachemov only said and Ramirez's hand went towards the paper and his eyebrows raised in surprise as he began reading.

ILLOS, THE NEW ATLANTIS? MARVEL NATION BUILT BY KING ATTICUS AND QUEEN EMILY
By: Theodore Pyrites

I can picture you reading the title and wonder 'what on Merlin's good Earth is he talking about' and I would understand. However, my dear readers, you have read correctly.

Many have wondered what became of Atticus Sayre of House Sayre and the thousands of people who left with him during one of our more challenging times in modern history and I was no exception. To my surprise, I received an invitation from Atticus Sayre to come visit the nation, Illos, that he and the people of Britain have founded and my dear readers, strap in because it is an absolute riveting tale to last the ages…

Ramirez read the entire article, gazed upon the images, both still and moving, with a hawkish intent, eating, preying on every single detail he could find. The story about how Illos was created from lifeless rock into what it was now, a city and a land that stretched for over a hundred miles, how they formed a government and ruled themselves and how magic could be used in the open without concern or fear of muggles.

He read and watched as children used wandless magic creating balls of light and told how they learnt magic from the age of six but didn't have access to a wand until they were eleven.

He read how the people of Illos, which was now over twenty thousand people strong, had elected the Sayres to be their monarchs and from what it sounded like they were beloved – likely propaganda – and it was after his second time reading the paper from start to finish that he threw the paper back on the desk and looked at Dachemov grimly who looked at Ramirez with a glint of excited amusement.

"I am not sure what you're so excited about." Ramirez said irritated and Dachemov laughed.

"Because this is the challenge of my lifetime." Dachemov said as he leaned back.

"You know that we cannot act against them without a casus belli." 'and if this is their opening move, we'll need to see them breaking the Statute blatantly' he thought grimly.

They had expected that Sayre had created a nation. The MOS had confirmed it.

With this move, it made it almost impossible to move against the Sayres and short of publishing the Prophecy that spelled that they were the end of Magic, outright war with them would be rejected among the ICW representatives even if they were pressured to agree.

No one wanted to be in the crosshairs of two Archmages if they didn't need to be.

For now, they would ostracise he country from the magical world until they made an actionable error.

"True but you'll find one." Dachemov said confidently "And when you do…" Dachemov stood up and leaned over his desk slightly, a vicious grin on his face before he tapped the desk with his fist "It'll be the greatest war of my lifetime."

Ramirez resisted the urge to clench his teeth.

Dachemov had only grown worse of the years, the reigns by which he operated had been let loose and as a result any capture or kill target had ended up dead. Often unrecognisable.

Yet there was little he could do as the MOS was absolutely intent on retaining the most powerful mages they could find. His eyes fell on the picture, towards the city the Sayres and their people built. His eyes returned towards Dachemov who began to turn away.

"And Bulgaria?" he only asked.

Dachemov stopped and turned towards him, his expression losing the grin he wore. "Completely subdued and under the control of the Ravenites." Dachemov paused for a moment before he continued

"They are conforming to the Statute and the unofficial guidelines"

Ramirez clenched his teeth, letting it show this time. "I see."

The ICW was refusing to interfere as long as the Statute was upheld. No one was keen to deal with what many were considering to be an 'internal' problem and the MOS were silent on the issue, saying that the Ravenites were not the focus.

Dachemov looked uncharacteristically serious for once as he spoke "I'd be concerned if I were you Ramirez. The Ravenites are a bigger issue than you think." Dachemov said before he turned around towards the door, intent on leaving but not before finishing with

"Look into it. They might end up our friends like the Norwegians sooner than you think" Dachemov said before he left and closed the door. Ramirez let out a deep sigh of frustration.

He was not happy with the direction of the ICW, nor its blindness to the ineffectiveness of the rules it had imposed onto Europe. They were only paying lip service now and blood purism was rampant, to the point that it was infecting the ICW. The recruited former Grindelwaldites were also a cause for concern given that they were violent peacekeepers and more than a few times ICW Protectorates had submitted formal complaints about their behaviour and their violence.

Nothing was done about it.

His eyes fell on the paper and his lips thinned into a near line.

All because MOS was obsessed about the threat that Sayre posed.

A threat that now was amongst them and he feared that things were only getting worse.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Mar 6, 2023
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, soulslayer45 and 100 others
mosefboombox117
Feb 23, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 14 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Mar 5, 2023
Add bookmark
#204
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 14


1st​ of July 1957 – ICW Mugwump Chambers

Cihan Aslan, Ottoman Mugwump POV

A loud thump of the Supreme Mugwump's gavel sounded out throughout the chamber, the signalling of the official initiation of the Assembly.

From within the walls of these chambers, a rippling golden wave of magic permeated throughout the chambers before meeting at the very centre of the circular chambers.

A faint signature of magic remained for a few short moments, a faint glow indicating to all that the room was now magically sealed and impregnable, and enshrouded the chambers with secrecy charms and anti-espionage magic that would keep all that was agreed and discussed within the circular chambers of the Assembly.

The usual low level conversations were non-existent and the tension that Cihan had felt throughout the day had risen to a palpable crescendo.

It was that thick, the tension, that it felt akin to waiting for a mountain top to tear open from the burbling molten pressurised fire that lay below the thin veneer and the slightest ruffling of robes across the circular chambers was enough to interrupt the total silence that suffocated all those who attended.

Not surprising, Cihan mused.

It was easier to deal with a 'Dark Lord' and his followers than it was dealing with a nation. It changed the dynamics of the game and it threw the ICW into a loop that it had not had to deal with since the Statute Wars.

A period that was even more chaotic than the last war and as he looked towards the full assembly of Mugwumps, he sensed that many of them dreaded such a time.

Well…nearly full, he thought as his gaze fell towards the Japanese seat that was unoccupied before he looked towards the Benin seat that was also left empty.

The news of Illos had sent shockwaves throughout the magical world, shockwaves that seemed to threaten to engulf the entirety of the magical world.

News broken by the British, he thought as he spared the British representative a glance, a man who wore a stoic face and radiated calmness that was contrary to most others within these chambers, news that was later built upon by the Americans and then later by the Japanese papers a few days after they withdrew from ICW membership, and the magical world had scrambled to understand this new element.

An element that had disrupted, threatening even to change, the balance of power and an element that twenty five thousand magicals called home, a home that was claimed to be free from muggles and their lands.

Sayre had a record of upsetting the balance of power. Defeating Vermeer. Genelum. Croatia. Slovenia. Grindelwald. Italy. His disappearance with thousands…

This time…this time, he'd outdone himself.

Founding a nation of tens of thousands outside of muggle lands…

Only the most isolated communities such as small islands or villages in South Asia or villages on small islands Aegean sea could claim such a feat and none could boast more than few hundred let alone the tens of thousands that could claim Illos home.

Such a number catapulted Illos amongst the top twelve nations of the world in terms of population alone and given what the images had shown of Illos, the spiralling and gleaming stones of a huge city that could only compared to magical enclaves only a few blocks wide in Rome, Alexandria or Constantinople, the message was clear…

Illos could contend as one of the most powerful nations despite its youth.

Cihan had no idea how so many magicals could have made their way to Illos without anyone knowing though with the peripheral mystery of communities of Veela and Balkan wizarding communities disappearing, in hindsight they should have considered the possibility that they might have simply left instead of…

Cihan turned his gaze towards Cullaica, the Bulgarian Mugwump and he almost unconsciously let his expression fall into dark grimness.

The man with shock white hair that seemed like it shouldn't belong to anyone living, hair that seemed to be lacking all colour as a consequence from dying of soul-gripping terror – though he and his people knew that it was likely him that induced such terror in others – with mauve eyes that seemed permanently set in a kind of coldness that rendered souls brittle and made them prone to shattering.

He and his government believed that they had been responsible for the disappearances of entire villages once the pattern looked similar as to how they seized control in Bulgaria.

He broke away his gaze and returned his eyes to the Supreme Mugwump and his attentions to why they were here.

Cihan had met the man several times starting from when Sayre had been nothing but a precocious boy attaining his Runes Mastery and ending when he'd come to visit Constantinople in '48 less than six months before his exile.

The man had changed from that boy he'd met in Alexandria less than a decade prior to their final meeting but the boy's precociousness in magic had only flowered to greatness and it was clear that such a mix in a man, a mix of greatness in magic and greatness in stature, could never remain away from the magical world.

No matter what some hoped he would do.

Still…

It caught him flat footed alongside the rest of the magical world to understand that Sayre had built a genuine nation with thrice as many people in less than a decade.

No doubt the ICW investigative branch was already looking into how so many people could have found their way towards Sayre in the years since the exile.

Despite the surprising number of people that called Illos home, it was not what caught his attentions, no, that had been the size of Celestis city.

A city that could fit easily twice or thrice the number of Illos' current population and it was not a message that he expected many of its enemies would fail to understand.

Illos expected to grow.

The ICW immediately reacted as an emergency powers were enacted that would grant the ICW the liberty to sanction any member nation that was seen engaging with Illos until a general Mugwump Assembly could debate and agree to a course of action.

It was an act that outraged several nations.

It was not the first time that the ICW had infringed on the sovereignty of nations but it was most reactive and aggressive act thus far in centuries and it was clear that the organisation of the ICW already considered Illos an enemy.

Notably Britain and Ireland were the most outraged amongst the Ministries around the world, two nations who had significant cultural and blood ties to Illos and two nations who escaped much of the binds that the ICW had placed on Europe.

His gaze went towards them.

Before the civil unrest that rocked Magical Britain and predisposed the country to a political and social overhaul, he would have expected them to be the leading proponents of harsh measures to be employed against Illos if only for fear of what they may do in retaliation of Sayre's exile.

The ICW had been the greatest losers in that affair.

All the intrigue and influence they'd gained with the British Ministry and the noble families were ripped away in one single devastation that spelled the end of a powerful ally for the ICW and now…

And now, it was only a question of how soon, not if, the British Ministry would follow Benin and Japan out the door and into the welcoming arms of Illos.

Ouroboros was the extension of Lady Slytherin-Sayre's will even in her absence.

That was without question.

For years, the ICW Assembly had not voted to act against Slytherin-Sayre for the economic crisis for fear of provoking the return of Atticus Sayre as so eloquently reported by the negotiators would happen should the ICW extend their hostilities to his wife.

The international players had incontrovertibly known that Slytherin-Sayre was a dangerous element yet despite that had thought she would be contained politically by the British Ministry and the powerful consortium of nobles despite the then growing influence of Ouroboros.

And for years, it seemed like it had been a decision that paid off. Until it didn't and until it was made obvious how much they had lost in that gamble. The Sayres' position was only further strengthened with a powerful Britain secured.

Many of the hawkish ICW Mugwumps and European Ministries who had called for action after the economic crisis were vindicated and Cihan knew that it would become more difficult to suppress more aggressive calls for action.

'Perhaps even impossible' he mused as he switched his attentions to the Irish Mugwump.

Ireland was in a similar situation.

The Irish had been vehemently resistant to the educational reforms and oversight that the ICW was rolling out throughout the world and resisted any incursions into the Seshet Institute of Magic and Science along with refusing any kind of restrictions into their vital magi-tech industry that was now the bedrock of the Irish economy.

The school and the industry had become points of pride for the prickling Irish.

It brought them prestige and placed them on the map.

And with the emergence of Illos, a nation that seemed to hold almost as many ties to Ireland as it did with Britain, there were few who didn't expect the Irish to be at least be somewhat partial to the new nation state.

It was no surprise then that they were subject to suspicion and distrust from fellow Mugwumps and were viewed the next 'colleagues' to bring word of their nation disentangling from the ICW and join in treaty with Illos as Japan had done and Benin sought to do.

The disentanglement of Japan had been unexpected but not to a significant degree. The only surprise had been how quickly they had joined in treaty with Illos.

It answered many questions with regards to their disengagement with most of their neighbours despite Magical Japan's economy historically needing their products.

Cihan had not paid much attentions to the Far East – not when his attentions necessitated him and his government to closely and grimly watch the rise of another dangerous foe in the Balkans and around the Black Sea – but he had idly thought that the Japanese might seclude themselves away just as they once upon a time had done in the thirteenth, sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.

It seems like that was far from the case and had instead pivoted away towards Illos after likely having been in contact with the Sayres for years before the nation's emergence to the world stage.

In hindsight, it was an excellent move by both nations.

It gave Illos the immediate legitimacy it would need as a nation by being allied to a historically powerful – if beleaguered – nation such as Japan whilst for Japan it would grant them access to vast stores of Sayre wealth and resources that had gone 'missing' in the decade since.

In the years since the wars ended, Japan had been largely reduced in influence, both economically and magically despite their relatively large population.

Cihan and his government believed it ICW policy to weaken powerful nations in the aftermath of the Grindelwald war so that another Dark Lord would not have the resources available to fight as effectively as Grindelwald had whilst also centralising most of the magical world's power into the ICW.

Magical Britain's economic woes had been several orders of magnitude worse than the rest of Europe and had been neutralised for years whilst France had increasingly become economically isolated from the rest of occupied or ICW influenced Europe.

The withdrawal of MACUSA from ICW membership with most of their economy intact had only seemed to embolden the ICW to this course of action.

They did this through several different measures but the most insidiously clever policy had been to rebuild the economies of fallen or occupied nations through the ICW, to negotiate trade agreements with other ICW members on behalf of the member states.

The economic crisis of 1948 had only helped bind more and more ICW member states, particularly European states, to these trade agreements facilitated by the ICW.

It allowed the ICW immeasurable levels of influence throughout the Magical World.

The Ottoman Sultanate had not been able to resist nor did they fight against these policies but thankfully the trade agreements his people had were limited in scope.

Their Sultanate, from Constantinople to Aleppo, had the climate to grow or create their own needs. Once having been part of the Ottoman Empire before they were betrayed by the duplicitous Sultan Mehmed II, they had been able to get their hands on priceless artefacts, tomes and magical flora and fauna that allowed them to become nearly entirely self-sustaining.

Outside of the Crimean war that the Russian magicals had seen fit to attempt to use to win back Constantinople, the remarkably magical city steeped with ancient magicks much like Rome and Alexandria were due to its convergence on several leylines, the Ottoman Sultanate had not been involved in a war for centuries.

Unlike their muggle counterparts, the Ottoman Sultanate had remained out of the games played around the world, their strength and culture had made them mostly impervious to the games that mainland Europe often fell prey to.

Unfortunately, it seemed like this time the Ottoman Sultanate would not be able to be neutral, not if the ICW had any say in it. Or Sayre, he mused to himself.

The 'Wizarding Organisation of Trans-Regional Alliance' treaty of 1952 voted into international law with alarming two-thirds of the votes, made it clear that they could no longer provide only a pittance of their forces to an ICW-led force.

Even states like the German Ministry or the Danish Ministry had voted for it.

Their findings found that the ICW had been enticing the former Grindelwaldites closer to the ICW, giving up direct control of the Ministries under occupation and turning a blind eye to the nobility regaining their powers in return of the ICW retaining significant influence over the Ministries and alignment of foreign policy.

This was a measure repeated across ICW protectorates though with greater control to the point that it was getting harder to argue that these protectorates were anything but extensions of the ICW will.

Not even schools were free from the interference of the ICW when even Durmstrang, the bulwark school for the Dark Arts was neutered to 'acceptable' Dark Arts.

More and more, the ICW was turning into a senate more than what it was meant to be…simply a loose alliance entrusted to keep the magical world secret.

Many Mugwumps from Protectorates were former ICW persons and Mugwumps from Northern European nations had fallen in line with the ICW doctrines.

All of that along with the growth of the International Auror Forces, the expansion of the Administration Agency and other ICW bodies was an unprecedented signal that the ICW was changing at its very core.

His gaze swept across the room, the tangible feeling of wary anticipation rising.

It was no surprise then there was a growing divide in the past few years across the magical world though it was silent and watchful. But now…there was opportunity.

Benin had sensed it and taken it however sudden and shocking it was.

Benin notified the International Confederation of Wizards of their exiting from the supranational organisation three days ago and within that same day, rumours circulated that their diplomats had gone to Illos on a diplomatic mission shocking the magical world even further.

Benin had never been impressed by the ICW despite their peaceful admittance into the organisation. Not when it shattered their relatively harmonious relationship with the muggle world. Not when they conceded to the ICW lest they share the fate of dozens of other neighbouring tribes who'd refused and had been wiped out as a consequence during the Statute Wars.

Benin's exit might well be repeated by several other member states now that the precedent of a middling member state leaving the organisation has been set.

His eyes swept towards the South American wing of the chambers.

There were eight official South American Mugwumps with Brazil, Chile and Colombia were all in the top six of the most populous nations in the world, each boasting a population around fifty thousand, nearly two-thirds of the entire population of the Americas.

Only MACUSA and the Confederation of Chinese Mages were larger in population, both boasting populations of over a hundred thousand peoples. Though that figure was mostly likely significantly less now after the humiliation the Chinese suffered from the muggles as their population scattered into the northern regions of China.

The three South American nations were allied with one another, often working together to maintain peace with dark wizards who ruled regions in South America outside of governmental and international oversight.

He could see them leveraging Illos' emergence to demand support in destroying the powerful coalition of dark wizards that ruled like kings in magical enclaves all throughout the continent.

South America had always had problems with dark wizards going all the way back to the Aztec and Inca empires before the European migration to the continent.

The Statute Wars had inflicted great damage to both native and European magical states and to this day there were entire regions that were ungovernable, dens of regions where dark mages congregated and coalesced into facsimiles of nation states.

Brazil, Chile and Colombia throughout their history had tried to establish order but it was largely without success and often subjected them to decades long wars. They did not have the manpower nor the inherent power of archmages or high sorcerers to wipe them out and in the end always had to settle for a difficult stalemate.

The Argentines were the more successful of these 'nation states', having managed to at least create a semblance of a Ministry even if it was subject to the same coups and power struggles that a dozen other facsimiles of civilisation were subject to.

The introduction of Illos into the world stage changed the entire political game and for the first time in a long time, the ICW would need to be able contend with it.

South America, Africa and Asia were all regions susceptible to Illos' influence and the ICW would need to react quickly and decisively if they wished to retain their dominance throughout the magical world.

His own government would wait and watch and see what the ICW reactions will be.

The harsh measure they employed for even talking with Illos made it clear that the ICW undeniably saw the new nation state a threat but it felt…forced, as if it was meant to cause outrage at their overreaction.

The Supreme Mugwump was about to speak and Cihan returned his attentions to the old Italian man.

Every month on the first, the Mugwumps would assemble.

Almost always, it was a forgettable affair. Not today. Not when a clearer picture of what the Sayres had built had become apparent and had been verified.

"Honoured Members of the International Confederation of Wizards" The Supreme Mugwump began, his voice stretching into the furthest reaches of the room, and proceeded with the long winded ceremonial words before he finished with

"The three-thousandth and fifty-first session of the Mugwump Assembly may commence." The Supreme Mugwump's gaze roved around until they settled on Boutros who was keen to speak.

"Mugwump Boutros has the floor."

The Mugwump of Egypt stood up, the full attention of the room drawn towards him "Thank you Supreme Mugwump" the light skinned man said respectfully before he turned his gaze towards the room.

"Since the turn of the century, our world has seen tremendous change, in part as a consequence of the changing nature of our muggle neighbours. Agitators had been left to run rampant, unsettling nation after nation, peoples after peoples, and as an outcome we have fought in the worst single wizarding war since history began to be recorded over six thousand years ago." The Egyptian Mugwump began and Cihan could see the uneasy expressions of several Mugwumps with where this was going.

"The Sayres" The Egyptian Mugwump began, an indrawn breath drawn out to create gravity to his following words "Are only the latest set of agitators but they are a grave threat. This so called Illos is not a state!" Boutros exclaimed feverishly, his index finger rising into the air and seemed to almost stab at the air.

"No, Illos is an abomination, a mockery of the institutions and governments that govern our world. Thousands of peoples are indoctrinated and led by two dictators who have stylised themselves as monarchs –" Boutros seemed to turn purple in rage

"– in a perfidious gambit to obfuscate the fact that they are nothing but Dark Wizards. Dark Wizards who are a grave threat to the peace that we have so carefully forged out!" This led to several murmur in approval whilst a few held their tongue but not the derisiveness from their expressions.

Notably, this included the Croatian and Serbian Mugwumps who sat tensely only a few seats away from Cullaica. The ICW had refused to act against the Ravenites.

"I demand that we act against them to curtail them lest we face another devastating consequence!" Boutros said, his voice rising in volume and the room responded to the words with the explosive rupture of a pressured sealed bottle, jeers and approvals and shouts rippling through the chamber.

"What evidence do you have for this accusation?" The Mugwump for Portugal demanded much to the mostly approving murmurs of the chambers.

"Evidence?!" The German Mugwump Holtz said in an agitated tone as he stood up, a paper thrown towards the circular floor, the noise level of the chamber rising.

"There's your evidence!"

Cihan looked and could distantly make out that it was the issue had the Sayres as imperious as royalty.

"They have made themselves Royalty, Mugwump De Souza, an act that only despots and Dark Lords commit before they sweep across the magical world!" The German Mugwump exclaimed much to great approval of many of the gathered Mugwumps.

De Souza looked at Holtz with what he could only describe as contemptuous "Dark Lords are also called Lords. Does that mean every Lord is a potential Dark Lord?"

"Of course not." Holtz said offended.

Before he could retort, De Souza seized the stage again "Then by your own logic, we should not claim the Sayres as rising despots simply for what the people have voted them to become."

De Souza narrowed her eyes "As Boutros so eloquently stated, we have only just exited a devastating war that killed many. The last thing we need is another war with the very individual who rid us from the actual tyrant that wanted to initiate a war of survival with the muggles!" she said outraged before she sat down, the noise rising heavily as factions of Mugwumps shouted down or approved of her words.

"Order!" The Supreme Mugwump called out, his gavel banging and sending out a wave of silencing magicks that killed all the noise in the room.

"I will not have this session descend into anarchy." The Supreme Mugwump called out imperiously and after glaring down at several individuals, he cancelled the magic and spoke to Holtz "Mugwump Holtz, you have the floor."

"As my esteemed colleague suggested" Holtz said with a barely hidden sneer, one that De Souza coldly smiled at "we should do all we can to avoid another war however we must not be blind as we had been to Grindelwald for so long! I fear that should we leave the Sayres and this Illos unattended, it would spell the very end of our world!" Holtz theatrically exclaimed and Cihan scoffed as he looked at the man with derision amidst loud rise of angry murmurs and cheers.

The Holtz family had supported Grindelwald and his cause for nearly half a decade prior to the start of the war. In all instances, the Holtz family should have been penalised heavily in their actions in support of the Dark Lord and yet they were once more influential in Germany…and in the very halls of international power itself.

Cihan glanced to Boutros and saw that he had sat down, watching the gathered Mugwumps with a careful eye and Cihan resisted the urge to narrow his eyes in suspicion.

"What hyperbole! You would not be out of place in a theatre with the kind of dramatics you're speaking with!" The Dutch Mugwump said in a scathing yet mocking voice that caused a ripple of laughter and jeers to sound around the room.

The German Mugwump stared hatefully at De Fries.

The Dutch hated the German Ministry with a passion who made up a significant portion of Grindelwald forces working with the German muggles that ended up destroying the Amsterdam enclave and much of their commercial streets in 1940.

The resurgent German nobility was a slap to the Dutch – and Belgian – faces. Holtz' presence only seemed to poke at that wound.

"You claim we should learn from the past but I doubt the honourable Mugwump Holtz practices what he preaches in any particular manner!" De Fries said, generating a turbulent wave of noise amongst the Mugwumps before he continued

"Sayre has not committed untold number of crimes before his rise to power and neither has his wife. To compare him to Grindelwald is an insult to not only him but to those who suffered by Grindelwald's wand and that of his followers by cheapening the sheer madness of Grindelwald and of his followers! Madness that would have sought to make the final solution of the muggle Germans seem like a trip through paradise!" The Dutch Mugwump said angrily as he pointed towards Holtz who rose to his feet, fury etched on his face.

The room descended into chaos and it took the Supreme Mugwump threatening to throw out people for it to calm down.

"No one had known Grindelwald had such a mad plan in mind." the Danish Mugwump spoke up calmly after the room settled down and drew a wave of disapproving murmurs and scoffs from Mugwumps from nations hardest hit by Grindelwald and his collaborators.

He continued "Even to those who were coerced into supporting the Dark Lord and that is why we must be vigilant about the Sayres lest we face another madman who may very well spell the doom of the magical world. We all know now that the muggles are increasingly more dangerous than they were just a few decades ago. Another war leaking out into the muggle world would be disastrous! We must ensure that rebellious elements are brought to heel!" The Danish Mugwump finished with a flourish and drew applause from almost half of the Assembly.

It was worrying that many Mugwumps from Protectorates were seemingly in support of direct action.

"Honoured Mugwumps" a cultured, patient voice cut through the noise and Cihan directed his gaze towards the voice.

"Is that the only option we have available to us?" The Mugwump for Siam posed. "War?" The Siamese Mugwump asked before he shook his head

"What legal right do we have to vote for such a thing?" The Siamese Mugwump – Rotchanachan – posed to the quieted Mugwumps "They have not broken the Statute nor have they engaged with illicit activities in either world. Not even the Non-Interference Law of 1803 applies. I fail to see the reason why war or aggressive actions is needed at all." The Siamese Mugwump looked at Holtz with a deep frown.

"Even when Grindelwald was known to be Germany or in Austria, this Assembly did not vote for war with the Austrian and German Ministries. Only when the Statute had been nearly irrevocably broken and German, Austrian and Danish accessory to the crime had been determined had this Assembly voted for war against Grindelwald and the supporting Ministries.

I cannot stress how disturbing it would become if this Assembly voted for war against a non-belligerent nation for it would set a precedent that none of our peoples would wish to be set." The Siamese Mugwump said calmly to a listening crowd. It seemed like his words were having an effect as he continued.

"Is not the function of this body to discuss and find solutions to difficult problems and questions of the magical world? Is diplomacy not the medium through which we act and only as a last resort do we not vote to act with force?" the Siamese Mugwump shook his head amidst rising murmurs amongst the Mugwumps.

"Or have I misunderstood the purpose of this Assembly for a militant organisation uncaring for the rule of law and upkeep of common values and morality?" The Siamese Mugwump said with his arms moving behind his back, a solemn expression on his face as more than a few Mugwumps jeered at his insinuation.

"Mugwump Holtz, Mugwump Boutros, I protest heavily against the rash and harmful rhetoric that is being flung about and I ask from this Assembly for more careful and measured dialogue and to reject the rash calls for war" the Siamese man said, pausing briefly before he spoke again

"We barely know anything about Illos or their intentions and to act without understanding is to be foolish and without wisdom" finished before he sat down to a cacophony of twisting sounds of approval and disapproval.

Boutros had no discernible expression on his face whilst Holtz was far easier to read with his stormy expression. It was Boutros who rose to speak "Thank you honourable Mugwump Rotchanachan. I agree that calls for war is premature" Boutros said with a fixed glare at Holtz who bristled at the comment but kept his tongue

"However I do not believe it is premature to place measures against Illos to prevent them from plunging our world in chaos. They may not have broken any laws that govern civilised magical society but they have certainly skirted it.

They have retreated from the world only to resurface for whatever reason with a population almost thrice as high as the number that left with Atticus Sayre in '48.

Where did these people come from? Why have the Sayres decided to become wizarding royalty, something that has not happened for over a thousand years? Why have they decided to show themselves to the world now?

Why have they not made any attempts of communication to the ICW? All of these are valid questions that Illos must answer. Atticus Sayre is a dangerous man who has left ruin and devastation in his wake and we must be certain he will not return to the magical world only to continue where he has left off!" Boutros said amidst a deafening noise of approval.

"Ruin?" The French Mugwump silkily asked though the undertone of anger was not hard to miss "Had he led Europe to ruin when he fought for months alone with barely a hundred men in occupied France before practically liberating France with his men and the Resistance?" Maurinouix posed with heat in his voice.

The French public had not been happy with what they considered to be the 'abandonment of a national hero even if he was English' by their government, especially once it was known that Sayre protected France from economic recession.

"Had he led Europe to ruin when he liberated one nation after another all throughout Southern and Eastern Europe? Or did he leave devastation in his ruin when he practically ran to Belgium where ICW Forces were in the process of total annihilation arriving just in time to defeat the most terrible Dark Lord in history?"

Murmurs of approvals rang around the room, particularly the Belgian, the Dutch and several other Eastern European nations including Slovenia and Croatia, two nations that Sayre personally liberated.

Cullaica was silent, almost bored with the proceedings but Cihan knew the man was paying close attentions to the arguments. After all, the protections the ICW was giving to the Ravenites had to be relate to all of this.

"He was also personally responsible for leading the economic disaster that still plagues us today!" The Norwegian Mugwump said. "His own people exiled him for his radical ideas and actions that threatened to plunge Britain into civil war! Who is to say he does not intend for this to happen to all of the rest of us?!"

"His own people did not exile him" The British Mugwump interjected as he stood up, drawing the full attention of the chamber to himself.

Hodgekins continued "That was an act by a repressive Ministry not representative of the peoples of the British Isles. A repressive Ministry that has been found guilty of a swathe of crimes against the people of Magical Britain. The exiling of Atticus Sayre and that of the House of Sayre has been declared void and null."

Murmurs rang around the chambers before Hodgekins continued though not without look at the Austrian Mugwump reproachfully "Atticus Sayre is not a threat that some elements within this organisation make him out to be."

"Hear hear" Maurinouix said with an approving nod before he sat down.

"It does not change the fact that we still know nothing but what they have allowed us to know about Illos." The Egyptian Mugwump interjected "They may not be hostile – which I strongly believe they are – but we do not know of their intentions especially to the adherence to the Statute which is unanimous across the magical world irrespective if you are a member state or not. They must comply!"

"Their silence to our generous overtures is worrying and it should worry all of us." The Egyptian Mugwump finished and Cihan suspected that it was intentionally said to aggravate the representatives as fear once more was raised.

The Mugwump for India spoke up "It is highly concerning that grave accusations are being brought against a nation that is unable to speak for itself here just as the notion of a nation requiring to open itself to ICW scrutiny without due cause is which is effectively what Mugwump Boutros is advocating for!" This caused the room descend into argumentative shouts and jeers until a voice rose above all others

"Why should it be concerning when we know that Archmages like Sayre rarely seize power without nefarious means? When we know that throughout time Archmages have rebelled against the magical world to bring about their version of the world?" The Mugwump for Italy said causing the room to fall into more murmurs and noises of consideration.

"Wasn't that what he was exiled for in Britain? Because he was not content to be a hero to the people but instead wished to change the entire face of Magical Britain?" The Italian Mugwump, Carlo Totti, posed to the room.

"Who is to say that Illos isn't merely a medium to drive his radical ideals into the magical world? Perhaps we are wrong. Perhaps we are desperately wrong. But we do not know for Illos is unknown and as the honourable Mugwump for Egypt has said, Illos must respond to us to ensure we can understand what its intentions are!"

The Italian Mugwump received loud cheers and applause from many Mugwumps for his little speech that added nothing to the debate that hadn't already been said.

The Supreme Mugwump got things back into control before the Irish Mugwump rose to his feet "Our esteemed Mugwump for Egypt has raised some valid points, particularly as to why Illos has not returned ICW overtures for communication." The Irish Mugwump reached out to his pocket and brought out a piece of parchment.

"This is a note sent to me by our friends across the Atlantic. A note from Illos' Chancellor Saunders that seeks to answer this question and if I may, I can read this out to the chamber." Mugwump Kelly offered to the room.

Noise in favour of Kelly reading out the note was overwhelming and for the first time Boutros looked slightly alarmed and shared a look with the Supreme Mugwump who banged his gavel, silencing the room once more "I will allow it." The Supreme Mugwump said though his expression made clear that he was reluctant to do so.

"'Honoured members of the International Confederation of Wizards, I am Chancellor Saunders of Illos, the leader of the executive branch of our government.

I thank you for hearing my words.

I am sure that our return to the magical world has been unprecedented, not least in the manner we have returned however it was inevitable.

We left the magical world not because we did not want to be part of it but rather to build own home that embodied the best of all worlds and peoples.

And we have achieved that despite the challenges we faced, despite the many issues we had to resolve and in the end we have become a resilient people.

A people of many people who call Illos home and its people their people.

A people that wish for friendly, perhaps even fruitful, relationships with other peoples that we may call brothers and sisters. We mean you or your people no harm.

We are a peaceful nation and seek not to impose ourselves on others.

That is why I am willing to sit and talk with representatives from all around the magical world as potential friends or otherwise as people who understand neither mean the other any harm.

MACUSA has gracefully offered New York as a meeting site.

If you doubt our words, then please look to His and Her Majesties actions throughout their lives. Their values of equality, of integrity and wellbeing of all magical races and peoples is well documented and it is to those values that we as a people look to uphold.

We left Magical Britain because of oppression and inequality. It is the last thing we wish to impose on others and it is not what all Illosians wish to do, not when many had fought against such evils during the Grindelwald war.

The Chancellor of Illos, Sandra Saunders'

Silence reigned for a few moments before the Mugwump for Austria rose from his seat and spoke up "How do we know that it is genuine, the note? And even if it is genuine, what trust can we place in a mere note that may as well be worth less than the cost of parchment on which it's written on." The Austrian Mugwump, Lentz said

"It is genuine." The Irish Mugwump confirmed "I have statements written with blood quills to the genuineness of the note and from whom it stems from." The crowd of Mugwumps murmured, more introspective than aggressive.

"And what of the Sayres?" the German Mugwump asked sharply

"Will they be in this meeting?"

"I do not know. I know as much as you do now that I have read out this note." The Irish Mugwump said in a tone as dry as a desert, one that Holtz didn't appreciate. "But given that Chancellor Saunders seems to function much like a Minister would, I believe you would meet with her." The Irish Mugwump looked a little exasperated

"In the end, does it even matter who you meet if you get to learn of the kind of threat they represent? If diplomacy can win out or not?" The Irish Mugwump asked keenly and the German Mugwump sat back down, a displeased look on his face.

The session then turned more respectable, debates churned out and arguments sung and when the vote came, a more measured response succeeded albeit narrowly with 59% of the vote going towards suspending further action until this meeting with this Saunders was had.

It was hours later that he sat in a booth in a secluded private room in a well-known shisha bar. The hanging beads rustled and the booth opposite him filled.

"Mugwump Sina." Cihan greeted before he drew of his pipe and gestured the brown skinned man opposite him to take the spare pipe.

"Mugwump Aslan." The Persian man returned, a dip of his head allowed a few of his long silken black hair to fall in front of his shoulders.

They remained in amiable silence as both smoked, contently drawing onto the flavoured tobacco. Cihan took a moment to take in the man's features.

He was tall man with a slight frame, almost twig like but his face bore a kind of regal presence that men of his family line often held. The Sina family were amongst the oldest of all the Persian and Babylonian families remaining.

When some left for safety in Egypt or India, they remained.

They survived the Abbasids, the Umayyads, the Seljuqs and a host of other empires and caliphates throughout the ages. Even the Ottoman Empire.

A hardy people despite appearances.

"What did you make of the session?" Sina asked casually before drawing on the pipe

"Performative." Cihan said after breathing out the smoke.

"I couldn't help but see that our Egyptian friend was keenly watching some of our colleagues." Sina commented, his hazel brown eyes lazily studying Cihan's expressions.

Cihan made a non-committal sound before he drew another puff from the shisha, a larger intake this time. He blew out the smoke and sat back in his chair, his eyes set on the Persian.

"Guinea, Barbados and several states voting in favour of the meeting?"

Sina smiled dryly and it was a smile that said enough. Protectorates voting in opposite to the stance of the nations known to be deeply entrenched with the ICW?

"India this time of year is quite lovely." Sina said musingly after a puff of smoke, breaking the moments of silence.

"In particular Goa which is always a prime holidaying location."

Cihan said nothing for a few moments before he spoke "The turquoise waters are a sight to behold." He agreed before he drew in a smoke eyeing the man intently

"It's always surprising to find out that its white sandy beaches are far more different than those west across the ocean."

"Quite. I know a number of people who are quite envious of the beaches and ocean down south. So much so they like to visit the region more often than you'd expect." Sina said as he laid down the pipe and stood up.

"Mugwump Aslan." Sina said with a bow of the head and Cihan returned the formal goodbye and he watched the man retreat out of the private room.

The Persians were allies with a number of smaller nations around the lands between Persia, China and India. Many of these smaller nations were offshoots or mixtures of Arabic, Turkic, Asiatic and Persian magical peoples displaced throughout the ages.

Once enemies for thousands of years turned into centuries long allies and it seemed like the Ottoman Sultanate was invited to more…freely spoken dialogue.

He would relay this to his people and a weary sigh broke out before he drew on his pipe with a contemplative look on his face.

It seemed like this century would be anything but peaceful.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

6th of July – Illos

He stared out of the window, his gaze falling on the gleaming stones of Celestis.

At around midday, the light of the three orbs hit the stones just right, just perfectly, that it made it seem like they were composed of molten light with flickering shards of stars arrayed in all possible colours and intensity interspersed in its seamless form.

He always liked looking at the city like this, when it was midday and the city was at its most alive. People went about their normal lives, meeting with others, living life freely like little dancing fires across a plain of breathlessly hot fire, apart but united in the goals and values they all shared. He could see it plainly in the magic that coursed throughout Illos.

Magic that linked and connected all through magic and magic, ever since the Mithril veins began to run through Illos, that was at its most potent at this time too, and like a churning sun fuelled by the constant soothing hum of coursing Mithril it swept across his home with an intensity and potency that felt like searing warmth grafting itself onto his bones.

He allowed his eyelids to fall, his magic reigning loose as he left himself drift along the powerful currents of magic that coursed through Illos, and he simply stood in silence and at peace as he felt everything around him.

There was tangible sense of happiness, an immutable flavour of contentment that tinged at the magic that permeated through Illos, a consequence of so many thousands of people sharing such an outlook on their lives.

He never wanted it to end, he thought as his eyes breached open and he once more gazed upon the city. Yet he knew that the coming decades would become a challenging time for his people. A time that would forge his people into a hardy lot that would solidify their identity and culture into something as nearly indestructible as neutronium-adamantium alloy.

The corners of his mouth curled up, a strange feeling of pride and wonder and almost a mixed sense of loss came over him at what his people would become, what his people would set forth for future generations to look back on and emulate and better.

It was a curious notion, he mused as he broke off his gaze from the city and looked upon Celestis Mount.

Manifest Destiny.

The Americans had coined it the mid 19th​ century, proclaiming that the United States was destined by God to expand its dominion and spread Democracy and Capitalism and Americanism across the entire North American continent.

Hmm…

It was not an idea that was unique to the Americans…this sense of destiny. This sense of duty to a higher power. A mission given by God or Gods. Throughout human history, such lines of thinking had driven man to great heights and the lowest of low.

No matter if you were magical or muggle, this was a psyche that was built into their people, this framework, this mind-set that drove man as one unit into a common cause that could move mountains, heavens and earth, to achieve what they've set out to do with a sense of inevitability about them.

Was it any wonder, then, that he was cultivating such a psyche in his people, a cultivation of the idea, no, prophecy of a greater destiny for the people of Illos, one that would herald greatness for all that claimed it home and greatness of their civilisation beyond this beautiful but measly world, one that had a visible and great enemy in the image of Goliath, a hulking, bulking goliath of an entity that was intent on tearing them apart, intent on pulling down on their ankle as they tried to soar into the heavens to claim it for their own?

And it would work, he mused to himself, a little more introspective as he stared at the three orbs. The Men of Symbols were missing on this component in this war with him. They were so focused on him that they were missing the forest for the trees.

It was his greatest advantage. He allowed a hint of a smile to come onto his face. How odd it was, that people thought he was the greatest threat when in reality his greatest strength was his people, his people who would become the backbone of the greatest civilisation in the universe?

In time, of course, and he would build the foundations for it to happen. He'd come too far for it fall through his fingers and he'd done too much for it all to have been pointless.

And with that thought, he let himself sink into his mind, into his forged chamber within his consciousness and pulled alongside the threads of possibilities that existed simultaneously, that existed alongside one another only pulled into existence once events and reactions and choices were made and he learnt and watched as it all played out.

In the presence, in the future.

There was a kind of symmetry, in a way.

The way that despite knowing the course the future could take, it still needed him to act and change and interfere as he would always have done if he hadn't known the future at all. Only now, such actions were pre-actions, such interferences were pre-interferences, and such changes were merely written out of existence in this universe.

He had his opponents as he always would have done and they were almost as able as he was even if they were limited.

After all, did it matter if someone perfected one type of punch if it could have the same effect as a thousand different punches?

Once more, the future changed and other outcomes became more likely and once more it changed as he set about changing a detail here, a detail there, like twisting and solving a Rubrics Cube made out of threads of time that was always threatened to escape through the gaps of his fingers.

This time tomorrow, he expected another significant change, another change set to disadvantage him and to return to their desired yet fruitless future.

It couldn't continue, he knew this yet it was impossible for him to act. For now.

Their deaths in the 1970s was slipping out of his hands and any time he set the future for them to die now or soon, the future that he was carefully working towards became difficult if not impossible without having to become the very thing he did not want him and Emily to become.

Similarly, they were wizening up and were taking the long approach, one that seemed to suggest they intended to sap him, to weaken him into making a mistake that might win them everything.

He withdrew out of the streams of time and breathed out inaudibly as he reopened his eyes. How bothersome, he thought wearily. They were bothersome.

If he'd known more years ago, before they'd realised his capabilities, he'd have gotten rid of them all.

Still, he knew there were ways to retake the advantage.

The Monk had shown him the possibilities of such manipulation. He hadn't been able to succeed in the method but he was beginning to understand at least mechanisms behind the underlying theory.

He'd see how successful he was getting with a small demonstration…

The door to his office opened and his mind returned to more immediate matters.

"Sir?" Jennifer called out and he turned around, his arms behind his back.

"You may bring Chief Amadou in." Atticus said with an appreciating smile on his face and Jennifer nodded, quite familiar with his idiosyncrasies and his prescience.

A middle aged man dressed in west African garments was escorted in by the guards.

"Chief Amadou" Atticus said with the short nod, one of respectful acknowledgement but measured and restraint.

"Your Majesty" Chief Amadou said respectfully as he placed his closed fist on his chest and gave a light bow. It was recognition of his status as King or in their language Sinaboko, their equivalent of a royal monarch.

After a few more ceremonial greetings, Atticus spoke with more ease "It is good to see you again." He said with a smile as he gestured the man to take a seat.

Amadou chuckled, a broad grin that showcased his pearly white teeth gripped his face "It is! Much has changed, hasn't it…Your Grace?" Amadou said knowingly.

Atticus allowed a shadow of a smile to surface "Indeed they have. Have you enjoyed your stay here in the past week?" he asked of the man.

The Benin diplomats had been here for a week and had been in talks with Smith-Rowe and several other High Council members like Sassa Habbe in lieu of Sandra who was away to America whilst Emily was in South America.

This was the first time he was meeting a representative from Benin. There was always the chance that one could be too involved when others could take the load from you whilst simultaneously strengthening the perception of your trust in them.

"I have." Amadou said smilingly though there undoubtedly a question brimming in his eyes "I have not felt this invigorated for many years!"

Atticus smiled "Illos is a magical place, Chief Amadou. In more ways than one." Atticus said to the man who seemed to pick up some inference in his words.

Atticus clicked his fingers and two porcelain cups appeared before a coffee pitcher materialised and Atticus directed his magic to pour in the coffee in both cups.

Amadou gave Atticus a smile of appreciation as he took the cup.

They fell into a minute of silence as they enjoyed their cup of coffee and Atticus mind drifted towards the Benin diplomatic mission.

When he and Emily visited the African nation in '47, they'd established good relations with many of the tribes. Their genuine interest in their culture, the history of their peoples and in the multitude of different schools of magic – though similar in most ways – had earned them a measure of respect and greater warmth as they exchanged ideas and understandings of magic and the nature of the universe.

It was there that he learned more about the spiritual component of magic, a component that was tied deeply to the Domain as echoes of those who lived could be called upon just as the Resurrection Stone had been able to call upon echoes though with far greater restrictions than the Stone which had been able to call upon those not of any relation to him.

Much of the necromantic arts of the Vodun Shamans had been preserved and it was through that way that he'd been able to see his father again even if he had not been able to speak with him.

The 'ylɔylɔ' chant, which translated to 'The Calling' was tied to family magic and the connection the soul makes with the departed person. It drew on those two connections and they were able to communicate, albeit in a limited fashion, with an echo of their loved ones.

He knew that it was truly the Domain and truly an echo and not a clever trick of magic as he'd seen the strand of white light that connected the ghostly forms to beyond the atmosphere.

He was immensely impressed with them and it filled him immeasurable appreciation of the Voduns who were ahead of their times and may even had in some way inspired the creation of the Deathly Hallows.

Or perhaps just as civilisations around the world had in their own way cultivated plants into farms thousands of miles and years apart, both the Peverells and the Voduns had independently created magicks that was astounding and should have been beyond them.

In any case, the Benin people were a people that he liked a lot and he was pleased that at least this was going well without much possibility of it derailing.

The Illosian representatives had debriefed him and they were getting close to establishing a treaty of friendship backed up by a number of trade agreements.

It wasn't much, not yet but it was more because the Benin Ministry did not want overcommit when it wasn't certain they wouldn't be left in the dust if the ICW proved itself…less predictable.

Illos' emergence gave the Benin the opportunity to break away from the ICW which was growing into an organisation that was less a confederation accountable to its member states and more a federation where Benin's voice meant very little.

Plus, within the historical context, the ICW had never tried to improve its standing with the Benin tribes and it wasn't just the central position of Alexandria that the ICW chose to make it its headquarters.

Africa once could lay claim to as the producers of the most powerful mages in the world on a regular basis, far more than it was doing so now, and it had been a major problem as many tribes refused to adhere to the Statute in the late 1690s and early 1700s.

Whilst South America had been the most devastated continent, Africa had been the most to lose when it came to knowledge and power when the Statute Wars ended.

And with the rise of Christianity in many African nations, magic became intolerable further isolating many tribes into small enclaves all around the African continent.

Benin had capitulated early during the Statute Wars when they realised that they couldn't win, at least for long and any relationship founded on demands and threats of war never could settle into stability. Not if the more powerful did not approach with a carrot to assuage hurt pride and burbling contempt.

The exiting from the ICW was a measured response, one that the Benin Ministry calculated the ICW was willing to let go for fear for seeming of what they were growingly being accused of being – an authoritative organisation – but also because it was something they had wanted to do for a very long time.

In some more unlikely possibilities, he'd seen the Benin Ministry exiting the ICW years before Illos emerged and in most of them, they rarely came out worse.

In this future, they would not have to only rely on more clandestine trading with African nations and they would have, eventually, access to Japanese, American and Illosian economies that would seem them prosper and lead to a domino effect that would bring other smaller Ministries to the table.

Still, that was some way away and it would take some time to build a trusting relationship with the Beninese.

They were not going to jump headfirst in this tentative alliance, not without continuous displays of trust and positive action.

Illos was willing to do both and it wouldn't be long until Benin joined them and Japan into an alliance that one day decades from now would turn into a Federation.

Atticus started the conversation again, talking and questioning about his perceptions of Illos, the agreements that were made and what the thoughts of his people were and it would be hours before the diplomat left.

It wasn't long before he was joined by Smith-Rowe and Parkinson to discuss a few things from the diplomatic mission along with a few more…sensitive topics.

Smith-Rowe nursed his glass as he sat across from Atticus whilst Parkinson sat on Atticus' left. "If we're going to hosting many more delegates, it's going to be difficult to maintain secrecy on things that are well known amongst our people." Smith-Rowe said as he glanced at Parkinson.

"Particularly when a significant portion of our population are former squibs." Smith-Rowe added.

"We never expected our ability to turn squibs into magicals to remain a secret." Atticus said calmly. That was inevitable, that spread of information.

The Japanese already knew and had requested the treatment for their people. He refused but offered instead to turn them magical here in Illos in return for them keeping this secret for as long as possible. They agreed.

Despite there being much fewer squibs in Japan, they were still prone to marriages that were a little too close, cousins marrying cousins who already shared a number of relations in their recent family tree and so on. Whilst they didn't cast them out into the muggle world, they did however have a much lower status in Magical Japan, even if they were sons or daughters of noble families.

As a result, the treatment was very well received amongst the upper echelons of Magical Japan and it was serving to improve political relations even more.

Illos and Japan were well on their way to fashion a close social and political alliance. In time, it would become common to live and study in the other nation and in time, marriages would happen between the two peoples furthering the cultural ties.

As a bonus, a few hundred Japanese former squibs from working/common class families moved to Illos permanently and it was helping societally to establish commonality between the differing cultures.

"It is only a matter of it keeping it a secret long enough for it not to disadvantage us and put us in a position of leverage." Parkinson said and Atticus inclined his head slightly before returning his gaze to Smith-Rowe.

"The Illosian Guards are keeping an eye on things and most people know the importance of keeping what we can do secret. Making squibs magical is only one impressive feat we're capable of even if it is the more socially relevant one."

Smith-Rowe nodded before he looked at Atticus curiously "And Benin? Would we extent the same privileges to them as we do to the Japanese? Or even Magical Britain where we know there are many squibs who would jump at the opportunity?"

"Neither. At least for now." Magical Britain would likely be informed much sooner…and likely the medium through which this information was released in the first place as Britain and Illos grew closer. It would help begin the union.

There were a few British noble scions that were squibs and once it was known that Illos could treat the condition, it would appeal to the self interest of quite a few powerful Europeans who want to ensure they could discreetly 'fix' their children if they ever needed to. People who would secretly work behind the scenes to limit the negativity of the magic in return for a future favour if they ever needed to.

Of course publically they would make outlandish statements and deride Illos.

Politics.

Smith-Rowe nodded and Atticus used to opportunity to float a document towards him who seized it from the air with a curious expression on his face.

"They'll agree to the terms outlined in this treaty of friendship."

As Smith-Rowe read the document, Atticus spoke with Parkinson about the progress of his wife in South America. Emily had gone to South America with a few IO agents and a dozen Illosian Guards to understand the scope of what must be done there before she'd gain an alliance with Alvarez about a mutually beneficial proposition, one that would see him stabilise Argentina and that of regions bordering his nation.

Smith-Rowe took about fifteen minutes to read over the document and he looked up from the document with a quizzical look on his face "This is only a few steps from a military alliance." He looked down again, flicking over to the third page.

"Development of resources, access to the Gate system for trading purposes with other non-ICW nations, even assurances of assistance should either state find itself in a conflict not of their making." Smith-Rowe looked up from the document.

"They rejected several terms similar to what you're saying they'll agree to."

"They rejected more substantial terms." Atticus corrected "The assurance of assistance does not spell out what exactly it means only that either should give assistance of some kind – which may go as far as simply offering a few thousand galleons or the like – and that is what they're really after."

Smith-Rowe had a frown on his face before he got what exactly they were after. "They don't want to commit"

"They don't." Atticus confirmed.

"And they also will be testing our resolve to them as well." Parkinson added as he eyed Smith-Rowe "It would not surprise me if they'll expect us to take their side in any diplomatic arguments."

"Why do they not want to commit? Are we not their only option now?"

"We're an option. Not the only option." Parkinson explained. "After all, keeping us at arm's length puts them into a position that keeps them unimportant internationally."

"Arm's length yet within reach to pull us closer." Smith-Rowe mused.

"Correct. They did not leave the ICW because of us but because it presented an opportunity they could use an as excuse whilst simultaneously putting the ICW on the back foot and unable to focus on Benin." Atticus said as he leaned back, his gaze following towards the dimming lights of the three orbs.

"It is a move that will serve them well and it will be up to us to bring them closer to bosom." Atticus said before pausing for a few moments. It was a fairly well thought out plan, one that would see Benin rise whilst limiting their exposure to the tensions between the ICW and Illos.

By limiting their ties to Illos, they would have the opportunity to reach out to other ICW member states without the ICW immediately interfering and as time went on, if tying itself to Illos didn't seem worth it, Benin potentially could instead end up in a position that is uniquely placed in between them.

Of course, Atticus had no intention of allowing Benin in such a position. It would be drawn closely to Illos, the first among many to enter in a Federation.

Otherwise, other states would get the same idea to play off the ICW and Illos against each other and he had no interest of allowing such a thing to happen.

"We'll see much of this, won't we?" Smith-Rowe said cynically.

Atticus turned to him, a shadow of a smile on his face, one that bore traces of sympathy "Welcome to international politics, my friend. It'll only get more complicated here on out." 'And it would only get deadlier and more morally comprising than you can imagine' he thought with acceptance.

And hopefully…

Hopefully he could keep most of his people out of that morally comprising position.

After all, he thought, feeling Parkinson's intense gaze on him, that was something for him, Emily and Parkinson to bear.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

17th​ of July 1957 – Illos

Sandra Saunders POV

She flicked her wand at her feet and the shoes split apart into two as if they were being split from the seams before she stepped out them and they returned to normal.

Another flick of the wand sent the shoes into the rack and she breathed a sigh of tiredness before she grabbed the back of her neck, her eyes closing as she massaged out the little crinkle in her neck.

Merlin, she knew it'd be tiring but never this tiring. Physically and mentally.

"Sandra, I'm in the kitchen!" she heard her husband shout across their home. She smiled as she reopened her eyes and she made her way towards their kitchen barefooted. The noise of chopping grew louder as she waded through their home in near silent steps and sudden splashes grew more noticeable.

He stood over the kitchen table with his back towards her, wand in hand and vegetables – both cut and uncut – orbiting in the air around him, several knives chopping and dices red meat into smaller pieces.

Derek had officially resigned as CEO from the Sphinx Group a few months ago, the multi-industry group that operated within the muggle world. Most of magicals, be they squibborn or squibs, moved to Illos over the past few years and Derek was amongst the last few overseeing the process of ensuring no remnants of the use of magic was in any of their muggle companies.

She was glad he was back permanently now. She'd missed coming back every day to her husband and vice versa. Now that he was here, he was also part of the High Council as the Business Director who will oversee investments in domestic – and international – businesses in a drive to increase Illosian economy power whilst also improving its businesses.

"I didn't know it was your night" she said as she walked up to him and her arms wrapped around him lovingly and she felt his chuckle through her arms.

"I thought you might need it." He said to her as he pulled her around and brought his face down to her, a small kiss planted on her lips. They broke apart and she smiled at him, a soft noise of contentment escaping from the back of her throat.

"I always like that little noise of yours." He said chuckling as he returned his attentions to the food. "Always makes it clear I'm doing something good."

She walked around the kitchen table and sat on the raised stool by the kitchen table.

"It's why I do it." She said in a winning tone "It's positive enforcement."

"Ah" her husband said as he eyed at her with an arched brow "So what you're saying is that I am a trained pet?"

She smiled teasingly "I wouldn't say pet. Simply a trained husband."

Derek laughed and he flicked his hand at her and a sliced carrot flew at her. Her eyes widened but she adjusted herself and aimed her open mouth at the path of the carrot and managed to catch it, triumphant sounds of carrot crunching between her teeth filled the kitchen whilst she wore a broad grin on her face.

"Thanks" she said a little smugly and he laughed at her smugness.

"You're welcome" he said amused and he conjured a wineglass before he flicked his wand and a bottle of '37 red wine flew towards him, the cork unplugging mid-air before it poured itself into her glass. He looked at her questioningly "How was the meeting?" he asked her as he handed over the glass of wine.

Her expression soured and she fought a grimace as she picked up the glass and drank heartily from it. "As expected." She said miserably, her body sagging as she released tension she didn't know she still had in her body.

"Extortionate and uncompromising demands that they knew we would reject?" Derek asked resigned and she only nodded in confirmation.

The ICW wanted unfiltered access to Illos and 'observe' their home to make sure that what they were claiming about Illos was true. In addition to that, they wanted heavy compensation for what they perceive as 'economic sabotage of war crime proportions' and it was nearly sixty percent of the gold reserve they had which was almost the entire estimated value of the Sayre wealth which had been in the billions of galleons.

Paying it would not have been an issue as it would not have crippled them but it would severely limited many of their plans and the demand had been made entirely as an insult to Atticus and Emily and their family.

And an insult to them was an insult to every Illosian.

Failure to comply meant economic sanctions that spanned across every member of the ICW along with clear references and insinuations to something beyond that.

And she had never been as angry as she was then. She'd gone in good faith and hoped that Atticus was wrong, a desperate hope that she knew was pointless but she hoped that reason and maybe even self-serving interest might win out as Illos had so much to offer.

But no, they were absolutely against any kind of compromise to their demands.

To make matters worse, she could sense that not everyone followed the ICW diplomat for the Spanish Mugwump had barely able to keep an expression of appalment from appearing but nevertheless they'd all fallen in line to this…stance.

Derek swept his wand and the cut ingredients flew into the pan before he placed the lid onto it. He turned to her, a grim considering look on his face "Are they at least willing to consider that we do not wish for war?" Derek questioned after he sat down next to her.

"Zero diplomatic ties don't necessarily have to mean war right? The Americans don't have meaningful diplomatic ties to the ICW yet they have somewhat of a neutral relationship with the ICW whilst the ties they do have with ICW member states is permitted to some amount of trade."

"We made it clear we do not wish for war and that we would not commit the first act of war." Sandra sighed. She had even spelled it out as much as she could whilst reigning in her anger at the disastrous conference.

She looked up and met his gaze, a determined glint in her eyes breaking through "And I made it clear that war with Illos would mean war with thousands of magicals led by Archmages and that it would be seen as a war for survival as the ICW would seek to destroy an entire people because they were insecure." She said a little impishly though her determined look didn't fade.

It hadn't been hard to channel a lot of righteous anger at those diplomats when she lost her temper at them.

Derek studied her expression before he wrapped his arm around her "You did what you could." He consoled her.

"Thanks." She murmured. Atticus hadn't told them, not even her, if they would avoid war, only that in the end Illos would be fine and had asked to trust in themselves and in their people. It was why she wasn't despairing as she might have.

Still, the saving grace of the whole debacle even if the ICW didn't heed her words about how painful war would be, was that MACUSA may well side with Illos.

They were shocked at the sheer vitriol some of the ICW diplomats were spewing and no doubt were re-examining things even further. After all, they were already somewhat wary of the ICW in light of their growing authoritarianism.

"Do you think I should brush up on my duelling skills?" Derek asked half serious, half jokingly and despite herself she giggled a little bit. Derek had never been that talented with a wand, at least combat wise.

"Yes although I think we need to depend on you then I think we've already lost." She teased him and she felt him unwrap his arm around her and she looked up at him and saw a put on hurt expression.

"Your words cut me deeply. Deeper than a knife sunk in my flesh would."

She pushed him lightly as she laughed and he joined her before they settled down and a more sombre atmosphere settled back in. "I think we need more people." She said suddenly and after seeing his understanding but expectant look she continued

"The ICW directly influences almost a million magicals and maintains a direct Auror force that is well over ten thousand." Sandra said grimly and Derek nodded his understanding.

Not to mention, they could call upon thousands more from member states as per law, a marked difference to the voluntarily

"If we stand any chance of at the very least averting any kind of war, we need to expand heavily. I know that we've started to look for magical and even squib orphans around the world again but we have to do more." She said whilst biting her lip, her mind going astray as she began to think on how to do it safely over a number of years.

"Our population is young." Derek agreed. Most of the taken in orphans were only just beginning their teenage years and most of the former squib population were…not really the kind that could take up a wand and fight.

And it was still years away, she thought, before they were able to create magical war-machines that could change this disadvantage.

Whilst the measures of population growth were working and Illos was expected to grow to a population of 45,000 by 1970 without considering immigration, she didn't think it was fast enough given that war may well break out within years.

"You think we need to invite more people from the isolated communities?" Derek asked her.

"I do" she confessed before she expanded quickly "I think we can sustain a growth of several thousand a year for half a decade easily without opening ourselves up to problems"

"Wasn't that rejected years ago?" Derek asked with a frown "Because it would destabilise the community that was forming?"

Atticus had always been worried about their actions resulting in upsetting the delicate balance they were establishing but she was sure they could manage.

They need to if the absolute worst came to pass.

It seemed like he read what she was thinking from her expression and Derek grabbed her hands in his own "Darlin'" he said soothingly. He'd picked up a few American slang throughout the years and she had to admit she liked the way he butchered 'darling'…even if she'd never admit it.

"I think you need to think this over after a few days before you present it."

"You think I'm overreacting?" she asked a little upset and he squeezed her hand.
"I don't…" he stopped a little and smiled at her empathetically

"Maybe a little but it is understandable. I just think that we shouldn't have to change all that we're doing because we're a little afraid. It is what they want from us. Now that we know for certain that we're more alone than we thought, we need to protect our own more carefully." Derek sighed a little before he continued, his gaze meeting hers.

"We do have allies in the Japanese and maybe even in Britain, Ireland and MACUSA so we may not be entirely alone but you never know with allies." Derek said with a frown. It was understandable where he was coming from.

After all, they'd seen the betrayal of allies, of friends. In the end, you could only really rely on yourself. An idea that she knew that many in Illos believed to be true.

"Atticus is not infallible. No matter how many of our people think he is. He is prone to making mistakes and we've seen him make them before. It would only take one spy to make it through for unmitigated damage to be done and if we invite thousands that the ICW might be able to insert once they catch on what we're doing – they definitely will now, they are unfortunately competent – and it is the last thing we could ever want." He said to her gently.

She sighed before she looked down at their entwined hands. She squeezed his hand gently "Alright." She said acquiescingly before she peered at him from the corner of her eyes "You know…your rationality has never been more attractive than it is now."

Derek smile morphed into a slight grin with a slight twinkle in his eye. "I can rationalise like no other, woman. I may even show you exactly what I mean later tonight."

Her lips twitched at the poor flirtation. Still…it was adorably goofy. She narrowed her eyes and stood up, her hand still clutching onto his. She quickly waved her wand and turned the stove off before dragging him up. "Why wait tonight…" and the look in his eyes as their eyes met was wonderful.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

1957 – Rosario, Argentina

Enrique Chavez POV

Chavez poured the malted firewhiskey into two glasses as the door opened.

"Sir" he heard and he turned around.

"Sergio" Chavez said as he gave leave for his deputy to sit down and brought the glass to the man before taking a seat opposite him.

He took a mouthful of whiskey, savouring the burning sensation on his tongue before his gaze fell on the letter that had occupied his mind throughout most of the day.

He leaned forward and picked up the letter and offered it to Hernandez. "Read it. Tell me what you make of it." He said to Hernandez who, despite a questioning look took the letter and began to read.

Chavez watched his long time second in command, friend even, with an inspecting gaze. The slight widening of the eyes, the slackness of the corner of his mouth, the frown that threatened to form.

Hernandez looked up, this time his expression was twisted into cold seriousness "What are you going to, sir?"

Chavez remained silent for a few moments and decided to take another mouthful of the firewhiskey though this time he did not savour it. "I'm going to accept." He said, his eyes studying the man intently. "You don't approve?" he asked questioningly.

Hernandez shook his head "It is not for me to approve…I'm merely…surprised."

Chavez grunted softly as he waved Hernandez to continue which he did "To have her coming here…it invites scrutiny we've always wished to avoid."

It was true. If it was leaked…it would invite closer attentions from the ICW which he had for decades avoided from happening.

His rule had stabilised Argentina for thirty years but it had not always been so and Argentina had only avoided ICW intervention because coups had often settled within a few years at most and never granted the ICW the opportunity to craft out a protectorate out of Argentina like it had done in Ecuador and in Guinea where they interfered in the muggle world and consequently brought the full force of the ICW on their heads.

And that had been an ICW that was far from opportunistic as the current version was. He had little doubts that should he falter in his steps…

Magical Argentina had never been an easy nation.

It was a nation forged out of fire, through centuries of war with natives, amongst themselves and then later through ideology before it turned into a mess that barely was anything more than a free-for-all with powerful witches and wizards all deadly intent to dominate all others.

Intent to dominate others and intent to secure the wealth of near bottomless silver mines that the first magical settlers had hidden and secured from the muggles.

Argentina was a prize and had always been, whether your blood was native or settler or both. And it was exactly for that reason it had never stabilised.

Until Enrique Chavez, the Silver Matador who secured Argentina from within and without. And this…this threatened to cast undue attentions on his nation.

Still…

Outright refusal was not an option either.

Even if Argentina and most of South America had not participated in the recent war in Europe, he was not unaware of the supposed power of Atticus Sayre and the rumoured power of his wife. Nor was he unaware of the ambitions of the couple.

Even if there was no proof and their power most likely overstated, the Sayres dismantled their homeland and forged a new Magical Britain out of it.

It was impressive, he noted, the patience that they displayed in their ambitions.

That was a dangerous combination, he mused to himself with an internal frown.

Patience, intelligence and a little power and it was something that repeated itself again in the form of Illos which bore similarities to Atlantis which he believed was no accident.

Little was known about Atlantis but what was known was that it was the equivalent of Jerusalem, of Rome and of Mecca for the magical peoples.

A land lasting only in memories and a land recreated through myths and half remembered stories throughout the ages.

And throughout the ages, there had been a number of times of peoples attempting to recreate a mage only kingdom or nation.

The Greeks, the Norse, the Assyrians, the Koreans, they all tried it once upon a time and in the end war, may it be civil war or war with rivalling neighbours, destroyed it all before anything significant could be established and through time, such ideas had died and the myths faded into a forgotten crevice of the public mind.

And just as those nations were ripped apart through forces within and without, the ICW seemed intent to destroy it. Yet, he thought he was missing something.

For they could have remained in obscurity, in hiding from the magical world for decades more, yet they chose to emerge now. And the Sayres were far from lacking in calculation or smarts. No one could have accomplished what they did without both. After all, they crafted out legends that bore reminiscent of ancient stories.

So this meeting to discuss a 'proposition'…

"I will hear her out." Chavez said after a while. "It costs us nothing to do so." And whilst he had no intention of agreeing, it didn't mean he couldn't glean into useful information.

Hernandez eyed him "You intent to reject." He stated more than asked.

"Whatever proposition she has, it will not be worth the ICW coming down on us." Hernandez drank of his firewhiskey. He did not fear the ICW however he did concern himself with the thousands of wizards they had in their ranks.

Even a pack of wolves can be overwhelmed by a countless packs of jackals. Especially if they're allied with other packs of wolves.

Whilst he eliminated most of his rivals, he knew that a few of them had escaped to the Andes mountains with their families.

He brought his glass down, a dark look shadowing his face.

The worst of them was Rodrigo Enzo who had built up alliances with a number of enclaves in the Andes Mountains and in the Amazon.

The man was simply waiting for the right moment and the ICW would no doubt seek common cause with the foul man should he and his people be seen as allying with the Sayres. "You know the consequences of our failures." Chavez said as he side-eyed Hernandez.

Hernandez nodded mutely. Chavez had worked hard in racking up the fear of what could happen to Argentina should Chavez and his people be ousted from power.

Fear of Enzo, fear of their neighbours and fear of the ICW had worked well in making sure his grip on power had remained firm. It was a lie of course, the lie of what might happen to Argentina and its people but it wasn't a lie without some hints of truth.

Enzo was a brute and his family was known for being only slightly less than sadists.

Most often than not, the kinds of magic they dabbled with warped them into cruelty and it was both a weakness and strength for it gave them a fearsome reputation.

A reputation that in the end resulted in aiding his grip to power.

"No." Chavez said with a shake of the head "They will have little to offer what we don't already have." Even if the kinds of magic they have access to is reminiscent of Atlantis, it will not be worth getting dragged into the mess between Illos and the ICW.

Besides, there may even be an opportunity to obtain concession from the ICW. No doubt they would be interested in whatever Illos had to say…

Days Later…

He leaned back in his chair, his hands balled up on his lap with his right index finger pressed against the edge of his centuries old mahogany desk.

Hernandez was bringing the delegates into his presidential manor El Palacio de la Virtud (Palace of Virtue), designed by the same muggle who designed and built the Palace of Justice, which was some ways away from the busy administrative centre in Rosario that managed Argentina.

Six of his best men were on their feet, each of them vigilant as they stood around in a half circle around where he was seated, all in prime locations to strike hard and fast towards the array of chairs before him that were for the delegates.

He was not a fool. He knew that many of the Knights of the Mimpost had left with Sayre who were likely somewhat capable. He was not going to take any risks, especially as the pristine reputation of Emily Sayre ran contrary to what he heard from some of his contacts within the ICW which he was more likely to believe.

Still, it didn't hide the consideration that she was a dichotomy of sorts.

A near saint in Magical Britain whilst to the ICW she was a dark witch somehow as terrible as Maria Navarez, the witch who burnt priests, inquisitors and fought against the wizards who wanted to stop her from escalating the witch burnings even further.

Naturally, he was inclined to believe she was more what the ICW claimed she was.

The last Gaunt and Slytherin heir, two famously dark families whose won several international duelling tournaments and widely regarded as a prodigious talent in magic, even rumoured to be a supposed 'Archmage'?

Plus, he was rather certain someone like Atticus Sayre, a man who defeated an admittedly powerful wizard in Grindelwald, wouldn't be satisfied with a single woman unless she was worth it.

Emily Sayre was beautiful, he'd seen the images of her in those ridiculous clothing for himself, but there were a dime a dozen of beautiful women. And plenty of beautiful women who were more…plentiful in certain areas of their bodies. An unconscious smile threatened to creep on his face. Perhaps she was more like his first wife.

Most dark witches, especially the powerful ones tended to be…interesting. His first wife, Caterina, had him see God more than a few times. It was a shame that he had to kill her when she proved to be a little more unhinged than he could tolerate.

The doors opened and Hernandez walked in first. Shortly afterwards, a graceful woman with rich black hair that swayed like silken threads followed.

Her face was angelic, like it was carved out of a flawless slab of perfect flesh, her cheekbones and her chin were perfect feminine aristocratic qualities, the slightly sharp yet smoothed out jawline that framed her lustful blood red lips that drew all eyes to her lips. Her skin was porcelain white and from across the room it seemed to even radiate somewhat.

A whistle from one of the men sent them snorting and bearing smiles on their faces.

She seemed unfazed as the door closed leaving her alone with eight powerful men and she stood alone before him as Hernandez joined his right side.

The pictures didn't do her justice he mused internally as he drank in her sight.

She was more petite than he realised yet it only added to her allure. Zequid alive…

He glanced at Hernandez with a question in his eyes.

Hernandez shook his head, answering his question about whether or not she was here with anyone else and he returned his gaze back to her.

The arrogance…

And the arrogance of her husband to allow her to come here alone…

He could have her defenceless and stripped of clothing before she could even blink. To think she felt secure enough in her power – power that he couldn't even feel in any notable way – that she could stroll up here…

It was hard to believe that this woman was considered such a threat.

He stared at her with an expressionless look. He'd learnt to sense magic from his master in central America when he'd been barely a man. It had served him well throughout his life allowing him to gain the following he needed.

And it was serving him well now.

She was confident, that much was clear but why she would be when she felt nothing special, even weaker than half of his men in the room…

It seemed like his instincts were right after all. He never believed the dramatics from the soft Europeans. People who in their comfortable mansions and their elven servants knew nothing of hardship or power.

When he'd been a child, he'd been fascinated by power and legends of the past. Even more so when he'd been on the run after he'd been sent out into the wilderness by a family friend when he swore to rain judgement on them like Jupiter was said to have once upon a time done. He'd been obsessed with the legendary 'wizards' of the past.

Legends that claimed that wizards capable of literally scorch entire lands that stretched out into the horizon with fire and lightning, wizards that were capable of sinking and cracking entire islands with but a flick of their staffs.

Legends he found were as false as tales of Jupiter, of Neptune and of Mars.

Gods that Europeans claimed to have been wizards of incredible power, Archmages amongst Archmages. A feeling of contempt rose within him.

For years and decades, he toiled and mastered magic with feverish obsession, in revenge and in hatred, rising and defeating countless of wizards and witches across South America until he grew powerful with enough men to challenge Alfonso Moreira, murderer of his family and despot of Argentina.

The powerful Moreira, the man who butchered his father before killing the rest of his family, who had been all powerful in their own right had paled in comparison to him. A pitiful creature of magic that did not compare to him.

Not once had he encountered this purported quality of wizards anywhere in South America. Only exaggerations and lies intent to hide incompetence and weakness which he'd seen plenty of times in so called nobles of 'powerful lineages'.

Even Xavier Charleston who he'd observed during an American duelling competition had been nothing special in the end, barely on par with himself.

There was no doubt that Grindelwald likely was somewhat powerful but he did not believe he was overwhelmingly so, not even the 'images' he'd seen in the papers could convince him of that. Impressive light show that only stood to make the Europeans feel better about themselves about their weakness.

After all, Grindelwald had hid like a rat for decades at a time, even once captured in New York and that did not speak of the kinds of power fables and stories spoke of.

And as he looked upon the woman before him, this beautiful fragile woman that felt as common as any witch, he knew this was merely the latest overconfident European who did not know what power truly was.

Atticus Sayre was a fool.

To think he spent more than a second concerning himself with them…

"Mrs Sayre." Chavez said, his voice patient and charming as his expression broke into a smile "It is a delight to finally meet you" he tilted his head slightly as he said musingly "Though I expected to meet more of your people."

She met his gaze unflinchingly and merely smiled "I let them explore Rosario. After all, this is only simple discussions, no? So I deemed them unnecessary."

It garnered a few laughs from his men and he sent them a sharp look silencing them all before he returned his gaze at her. There was something off with her smile and it made him feel tense.

He glanced at Hernandez who gave him an unseen nod confirming that he had people watching them and he relaxed a little though neither tenseness nor relaxation showed on his unbothered face.

He stretched out his magic to feel more but he got the same result as he did when she walked in. He tapped the rim of the desk twice. "I see." He said dangerously yet slowly all whilst intensely staring at her.

She turned her gaze away and began to walk slowly towards the book cabinet on the left side and he continued to watch her as she walked without fear of anything towards the books. "Interesting collection." She said with a hum in her voice, one that was remarkable unconcerned about anything.

"Can't say I have seen a book collection that mixed Voltaire with Solumuntus before." She said as she turned her head slightly at them, a strange smirk on her face before she looked back at the books.

"I suppose in a way you can say Solumuntus was enlightened in the way he altered healing spells into curses. Congelo in particular" she said with a beautiful whistle before she continued "The arithmancy work in that spell is a work of art."

Chavez exchanged a look with Hernandez who looked uneasy. The collection of books that had Congelo within its pages could be counted at most with both hands. He gave Hernandez a nod, and the man palmed his wand before Chavez returned his gaze to the woman.

"As much as I would like to indulge a beautiful woman as yourself" Chavez said, this time his voice more measured and cold and it drew her attentions, the same easy smirk still on her face though it felt like he was being gazed upon by a hungry wolf.

"That is not why we're here, Mrs Sayre. You proposed to help us to deal with the rebels at the borders." Chavez waved with his hand towards the seats.

"Talk so we may wrap this up."

She inclined her head gracefully but she remained standing and it sent a wave of irritation over him. "That is correct, Minister Chavez. We did propose to assist you in absorbing the enclaves that surround Magical Argentina. A joint taskforce to bring order to the continent in exchange for a treaty of friendship."

"And what would this treaty of friendship entail?" He asked in a sharp tone, his patience waning.

"Assurance to assist one another in times of need. Promises of cooperation. Trade. Cultural exchange." She listed off easily, her voice carrying a pleasant hum.

A few of his men looked at each other with mirth in their eyes and Chavez leaned back in his chair, his eyes scrutinising her "You would offer to expand Argentina's power in return for nothing but assurances and promises?" he asked sceptically.

"Yes." She said with an easily smile, her arms rising in the air slightly as if to beckon him forth "We understand that Illos is not in a position to easily obtain alliances, not with a belligerent ICW. I'm sure you can understand." She said as her arms lowered.

He remained silent for almost a minute before he spoke again, his mind having considered everything, her expressions her words, her disrespectful arrogance.

It was all wrong. All of it.

"In that case then, Mrs Sayre." He began as he sat up a little straighter and his hands unfurling. "I will be straightforward. Thank you for offering to help us secure the ungoverned regions however I must decline. We will manage as we have done for decades." He gave her a colder smile.

"It is unfortunate you had to come all this way out for what could have been simple correspondence through letters but alas" he said with a small shrug of the shoulders before he set his hard eyes back onto her "It may be best for you and your people to leave within the day, Mrs Sayre."

"I see." She said, the same smile still on her face and he wanted to wipe it off her face. The hassle wasn't worth it, he reminded himself. Killing the woman after his men had sampled her would only gain him the enmity of Illos and Sayre.

Even if he didn't believe any of them to be powerful, he at least could acknowledge that they were at the very least a bigger threat than Enzo and his sycophants.

He made to stand up "Tha-" his eyes widened as a damning chill seized his spine with an arctic grip that paralysed him in his seat. Her expression changed, a subtle shift in facial muscles that moved slowly and downward like glacial ice drifting in frigid waters. It was primal, the fear that accompanied the chill, one that coursed through his spine like unwanted lightning, one that threatened to seep into his bones.

Her eyes, the dark but still perceptively blue eyes were now hollow, they were akin to a bottomless pit that led to nothing and nowhere and it kept him unmoving, fearful and fearing futility as she began to radiate a hungry danger that seemed as if it wanted to consume him through the hollow abys.

Her magic, magic that seemed to not worth his attention was now suffocated him, the sheer waves of magic that emanated from her threatened to wring him to death with ropes made out of darkness and spite.

The air changed, like it changed in weight for the air grew heavy and felt a blanket made out of air yet he couldn't move, no, he was pinned into his seat as if he had been screwed into place through flesh and bone.

Yet his people noticed the sudden change in the air but before any of them could move before he could warn them, a wave of terror inducing magic the colour of the darkest night poured out of her in greater volumes than he'd ever witnessed or heard before.

Velvety tendrils made out of nightmares and terror streamed out of her, her magic made alive as candles were extinguished and a haze of blood red tinged the room.

He couldn't move, he couldn't even look away as hollow eyes made out of the abyss met his gaze, unnatural eyes that spoke of horrors beyond what lay within this world even as sounds of choking and panic and cries rang around him like a drum march of men being dragged down to the pits of hell, their cries and calls for her to stop sounding more like the dying sounds of jackals and wolves that howled and yelped pitifully under the jaws and poisonous air of a mountainous nundu.

Never in his life had he met such unrelenting darkness, a darkness that somehow felt untainted like the magic of Eloy the Cannibal had been, no it was as she was a creature born of the darkness, born to the hollow abyss that her eyes so endlessly showed.

All he could do was push against the magic, to push against the terrible and utterly and magnificently horrendous dense and air chokingly dark magic that suffocated all of his men not only in body but also in spirit.

Zequid alive…

He had not believed. He'd believed the stories to have been exaggerated. Superstitious stories to drive fear into wizards and witches to keep them docile and fearful of change. He was so, so wrong.

The stories of Archmages of old who were said to be beyond all others, capable of feats that defied belief even for magicals, may not be as wrong as he once believed.

She stood there, her pale face and arms bearing an ethereal presence about it in the backdrop of velvety and fluid dark tendrils of seemingly endless magic.

It swirled and soothed around her, marching to a terror inducing beat of her making, one of such power that it distorted the world around them, so much so that the wooden floor creaked and the stone walls buckled under the maelstrom of her manifested magic.

He didn't know how this was possible, how such power disparity could exist.

Archmages…

How utterly unfair, he thought bitterly as the sounds of his men reduced to nothingness.

His men who were dark wizards through and through, powerful wizards in their own right, yet reduced to nothing but ashen statues that bore no resistance as she walked all over them without even lifting a damn finger.

Was this how others felt against Zequid, against Volterra, against Herpo? He wondered grimly. Three men who were said to have been able to shatter mountains and release plagues that decimated entire countries with mere flicks of their wands or staffs. He bitterly thought that Charleston hid his power and he knew he'd based all of his ideas on a mistake borne out of arrogance. Had he known…

The dark tendrils began to move towards him, creeping and swaying on the floor like vile snakes, their serpentine movement slow and measured as they rose and surrounded him and his desk.

She began to move towards him, almost as she was gliding on top of a black cloud, the whites in her eyes having disappeared into blackness set in a pale porcelain white face that called upon memories of tales of deceptive Tlahuelpuchi that were as beautiful as veelas but had rot and death in their hearts.

The tendrils wrapped themselves over his ankles and over his wrists and he was pulled from his seat up into the air. He wasn't the only one as all of his men, unconscious as they were, were picked by like ragdolls before the tendrils wrapped themselves around their necks.

He flinched slightly as a sequence of seven cracks repeated one after another and he saw her unfazed almost bored look on her face as their bodies dropped to the floor.

"I considered letting them live." She said conversationally and he knew the bitch was lying "Such thinking ended about a second after I entered the room." She said coldly as she looked at him and he couldn't help flinch under those cold black eyes.

He fought against the magic binding him "…Why?" he managed to croak as he looked to the door, hoping, needing his men to walk through the doors.

There were, at any given time, at least thirty men within the palace. They should have heard something. "No one will be coming to your rescue, Minister Chavez." She said, drawing his attentions again and the smile on her face caused him feel a haunting devastation. "By now, they're all dead at the wands of my people."

'Impossible. There could have only been four of them. It was impossible'. Someone must have helped. Traitors. He forgot his paralysis and for the first time in ages, he felt the same hatred he'd once felt so long ago.

"There it is." She said with a broadened smile as she tilted her head "The Silver Matador" she said with a mocking lilt to her voice before she looked him up and down "Perhaps once upon a time you truly were worth something. Decades of peace has made you weak, Minister Chavez."

He spat her and the ball of phlegm never made further than half a metre from his face. She looked at him unimpressed before she flicked her fingers and the spit transfigured into a rod of steel and with flick of her index finger it raced forward into his chest and he gasped and coughed as he felt the steel rod puncture through his robes and his lungs.

"You asked…" she continued, her expression more serious as she looked around the room "Why do this?" she posed before she turned to him again "Because Argentina has potential." She said with a haunting smile before she rippled into a soft laugh.

They were taking Argentina from him? The Argentina that he built?! He clenched his teeth, the metallic blood tasting bitter on his tongue.

"No" she said with a mocking smile directed at his surprise "I have no intention to rule over the Argentinians. At least not yet. No, I found someone to do that for me."

"Someone who will not betray us at the first chance should the opportunity present itself. What you would have done." She tilted her head slightly "And he's more respectful of course. Less delusional too." She said with a mocking smile.

He felt rage at her slights but all he could think was "Who." He managed to hiss out. He knew it was unlikely he was going to live, it wouldn't matter but he needed to know.

She leaned in closer and he wanted to nothing more than to gauge out her black eyes. "I'm sure you know Lionel Alvarez?" she asked with a curious look on her face and shock came over him before he felt a sense of resignation wash over him.

It was poetic that he'd be taken down by a man who he had treated wrong. There had been a number of assassination attempts on his life early in his reign and evidence pointed towards Alvarez' father as the traitor.

At the time, he hadn't been thinking clearly, hadn't thought of using the imperius curse or the various other means of extracting the truth from him and had instead killed him without a thought and imprisoned the rest of the Alvarez family, including Lionel, into El Grande Prison, the notorious prison built by De Santos.

The Alvarez family all died in prison and he thought young Lionel had died too. He wasn't sure when he could have escaped. Perhaps it might have been in the breakout of '32. It didn't matter.

"Good that you know him. Not that you didn't already. He is known as La Pedro." Chavez felt irony bubbling in his stomach. At least that explained why he kept refusing his approaches.

The doors opened and the small fire of hope died down when he saw they were not his men. They wore silver armour, armour that seemed seamless and moved like water as they moved. "Your Majesty, we have secured the building. Alvarez's men are now fighting with the loyalists in Rosario's Alleys." One of the men who he couldn't see the face of said.

"Excellent. Make sure all traces of our involvement is gone." She said before she turned her attentions back at him. "It seems like our time has come to an end." The tendrils wrapped tighter around his ankles and his wrists as one of the other tendrils wrapped itself around his neck.

She only stared at him for a few seconds before his gaze snapped to the right side of her face as a crack echoed in his ear and he felt himself fade as he managed to stare into her black eyes, and within seconds, he faded into the darkness, almost as if he was falling into those hollow abyssal eyes.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 91 others
mosefboombox117
Mar 5, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 15 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Mar 20, 2023
Add bookmark
#223
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 15


27th​ of July 1957 – MACUSA

Viola Clito-Beauclerc POV

Her gaze fell on the red carpet, the vivid carpet that covered the path towards the small steps that proceeded the President's chair. It would be her last, perhaps second to last time that she'd stand here. She looked up and felt all of their eyes on her.

The eyes of the MACUSA's senators.

Her elevation to President had been smooth, smoother than since any before the Grindelwald Crisis of the late twenties and the Great Depression of the thirties.

And in the years since her first term, things had only become more difficult especially by rocky periods like the Sayre Crisis and the economic crisis that hadn't touched MACUSA in any significant way.

In many ways, her presidency was defined by her nephew and her House and somehow it felt strangely poetic, albeit morbidly, that her last few months would be defined by it once more.

"You have all been informed of the discussions between the Illosian Chancellor and the ICW." She began, her voice carrying through the hallowed halls of their seat of power and her voice sounded more solemn than she had thought it would.

"A disaster!" A senator for Texas called out and agreeing murmurs echoed quietly. The papers had taken to call the discussions as 'The Disaster of Soho', an obvious homage to the disaster in 1926 at the Civic Centre in Lower Manhattan and it was an homage that bore ominous undertones given how important many had come to see the day many lives were lost because of Grindelwald.

She sombrely wondered if it was tragic or if it was simply unfortunate. From her perspective it certainly was both, she mused silently to herself. Once again her family was at the centre of global wizarding affairs even if circumstances were different.

She had lost her parents that 1926 winter in New York and years later lost her brother to the machinations of the same monster who caused their deaths before her nephew triumphantly avenged their family by ridding the world of Grindelwald and at the same time establish himself as the most powerful wizard alive.

After Grindelwald, there was little doubt the ICW became more intolerant of powerful independent mages and Atticus' unwillingness to even somewhat toe the line as others may have, was a threat that it would whatever it could to at the very least marginalise if they could not eliminate.

She spared a glance to her niece who was here as a Senator for Boston due to House Sayre's privileges as part of the Twelve Founding Houses and saw that she bore an expressionless mask amidst a sea of Senators who were no doubt curious about Sophia's reactions – and no doubt her own – but Sophia was far too much like Markus to allow her emotions to rule over her.

She turned to address Congress "A disaster" she agreed with a grim look on her face "A disaster that our people have said is without modern international precedent." Never had she thought such discourteous and shameful demands could be levied.

It was reminiscent of the Statute Wars era only this time it had come before communities that fought against the implementation of the Statute of Secrecy were defanged and had no recourse but to accept the demands levied onto them.

It took a hundred and fifty years until international cooperation of the magical world resembled anything healthy as a consequence of those conflicts and for the ICW to demand humiliating terms that breached sovereignty and dignity…

"It is also par for the course given the naked hostility of the ICW towards Illos." A senator for Nevada, Senator Wirasuap said ponderously "They never intended to reach a diplomatic solution to their issues with Illos" he said as he looked to her meaningfully. 'Their issues with Atticus Sayre'.

"They must at least know the optics of how they will look to the rest of the magical world?" Another senator argued causing several to scoff.

"Why would they care about optics?" a senator for Florida asked sceptically

"No authoritarian institution would care for optics, not when all those who 'matter' have already agreed that this was always going to happen." The senator for Florida said cynically though it was with merit. The ICW was changing before their eyes as their grip on the magical world began to tighten every year that passed.

Already their partnerships with several ICW nations in Central America was 'under review' by the respective nations and they'd already seen trade diminish. It was miniscule in comparison to the American economy but it was noticeable and it was indicative of things were headed…where MACUSA stood with the ICW.

"Which brings me to what we will do." The other senator for Boston, Senator McCuskey said with a hard expression as he stepped forward, his gaze trailing across the room.

"Must we do anything?" a Senator for Michigan said with a heavy frown "We have worked to facilitate a peaceful end to their hostilities and despite our admirable attempts, it has failed. That should be all of our commitments…" he looked to her and then to Sophia, a sympathetic look on his face as he uttered his next works "to both sides, even if we share much more in common with one of them." It set off murmurs amongst them.

"I agree." She said though it was with a heavy heart as she looked to the Senators.

"You know of my steadfast duty to our nation and to our people. It is for those reasons that I have halted any further negotiations with Illos until a President Elect without traces of implied conflict of interest" she said, stressing implied more forcefully to highlight her displeasure at even the insinuation of disloyalty to their people "may take things further it is within the interest of our nation."

She raised her hand to silence the noise had started to rise and once more commanded total silence as she continued "It is less than fifteen years since the end of the Great Wizarding war that claimed many American lives and though we are recovering, it has been a wound on our nation that I am ill-prepared to repeat…even if it is warring with my conscience as someone who feels gratitude to Atticus Sayre for his actions to bring that monster to justice and as someone who loves her nephew."

She said before ending with a look to her niece who she saw give a slight nod in agreement. The rest of their family would be unhappy, namely her sister-in-law and her grandfather Benedict, but they would understand.

She could not sacrifice American lives against an ICW that was far more militant and more powerful than it was two decades ago. They didn't have a Charleston anymore and whilst their population was quite likely the largest in the world after the splintered Chinese Confederation of Mages, it was unlikely they could stand against an ICW that had thousands of battlemages and Aurors under its banner and capable of calling on thousands' more Aurors from across the magical world.

She could not risk her citizens in a war that it objectively had nothing to do with.

Not in defence of a nation that is able to protect itself far better than MACUSA would be from invasion or assault even if her nephew could aid in their defence with his Sight.

Along with the fact that Illos was unassailable by conventional means, then there was the knowledge that Atticus had access to, the knowledge of their ancestor Moira's people, she really doubted that the ICW could even hope to defeat Illos even if they had ten thousand battlemages of Sorcerer level of power.

"Madame President" a Senator for Iowa, Nielsson, began as he stepped forward with a bowed head in respect "Please know that I consider your integrity to be without rival. MACUSA will lose one of its greatest presidents in recent memory once your term ends in November." She smiled at his kind words and the approving claps she received.

"It is never easy to choose duty over family, especially when duty demands that we accept gross injustice in return for safety and health of the people who have entrusted us with their care and wealth." Nielsson continued grimly.

"Yet about our greater duty to justice?" Senator Coolidge questioned. "Our duty to uphold the values that bind our people, a duty we're abandoning in pursuit of safety."

"I cannot imagine the American people will be pleased for us to declare neutrality in what is rapidly becoming a danger to the American people." Coolidge said as he looked around the room. "How long until we're the recipients of ICW aggression?"

It was an uncomfortable question that many had thought about.

It was why the bill to increase funding to the Defence department with special focus to the Special Forces department had passed effortlessly through Congress.

"The American people will be disappointed but they are also hesitant to involve themselves in a magical world that many are growing tired of. Where many of our citizens would at best be seen as mutts and rabble fit only to fill their coffee cups." The senator for Michigan said amidst murmurs.

"Our first and most important duty is to our people and by declaring neutrality we are fulfilling that duty to the best of our abilities." The senator for Michigan said and he gained approving looks from the senators.

Sophia stepped forward with graceful intent and a quiet hush fell within the halls of Congress. "I know my brother well." She began, her voice unwaveringly calm as she spoke further "And if there is anyone who understands duty, it is my brother who lives and breathes duty." She looked around the room.

"And that is why he would understand our decision for declaring neutrality in any conflict with the ICW should they choose to pursue a useless war against Illos."

She watched as the room looked at Sophia with sympathetic expressions on their face, some even moved by her decision to prioritise American lives over that over her brother and his people. Of course, underneath that there was also the understanding that she was making her choice to remain with MACUSA.

Sophia had won many of their respect with her business nous and her not inconsiderable charms, some who only gave it grudgingly but gave it nonetheless, and she knew that it helped that Sophia had adopted the American life wholeheartedly.

"Can Illos survive?" a senator for Nebraska, McCoy asked. It was a loaded question, a question in a vein that hadn't really been asked of her before, a question that implied that she knew much more than any of them did.

Atticus' disappearance for many years took its toll on the family – even if he hadn't really disappeared – but thankfully her family by marriage and her decades' of friendships and favours had assisted in stifling questions of her family in that regard.

All eyes were intently on Sophia who took the curious and intense looks in her stride. "Yes." She said confidently "Illos' greatest defence is its secrecy. No one knows where it is, not even I or the citizens themselves." She smiled coyly at McCoy.

"He might just rib me a little in a letter once he learns of our neutrality but he won't be too upset. I suspect I should still receive my Yuletide gifts." And it garnered some much needed light hearted chuckles.

"There are rumours Illos is allied with Japan" Keller said musingly and in the process drew attention to himself.

She looked at the Californian senator. He was a relatively young man, only in his forties yet he had a sense of charisma that spoke to many people across demographics just as his ancestry appealed to the many peoples of America.

As an heir of House Keller, a Founding House and as a son of a Mojave daughter, he had all of the ancestry he needed to appeal to the public. The polls across America were reflecting that and he was edging out Flint as the favour to succeed her as president.

Keller looked around the Congress chamber "They may not alone in this and I suspect that Magical Britain may well follow Japan's footsteps in exiting the ICW and allying with Illos."

Murmurs broke out and the tension in the room returned in strength.

"We know that Japan trades with Illos but an alliance? Military Alliance?" Senator Kōnstantînos of Oregon posed with a heavy frown. "Such an alliance is unheard of."

"In recent times? Yes. But that's because the International Confederation of Wizards made such alliances pointless. Before the ICW, there were many such alliances between communities, especially in Asia." A senator from Virginia commented.

"It would change the dynamics of the conflict if Illos doesn't stand alone." Senator McCoy said concerned "It could escalate into a World Wizarding War."

It made many people uneasy. The though that a world war on a greater scale of the Great war may actually happen…

Neutrality may not even be an option if the war escalated to such a degree.

The Statute may end up in great peril if it was being fought across the world and given the concerning rapid advancement of the muggles, the last thing they needed was exposure to happen during these perilous times.

"It wouldn't come to that. My brother wouldn't let it happen. He would not let it escalate to that degree if it was unnecessary and it is unnecessary. The ICW cannot breach Illos." She said firmly and confidently.

"You're confident in Illos' defences but I have to call you out on this confidence. Are you certain Illos' defences can hold when the full weight and power of the ICW is set against it?" A senator from Maine asked.

Sophia shook her head "I don't know as much about Illos as you think I know." She said with a disapproving tone and internally Viola applauded at her ability to lie without even a slightest hint of deception

"My brother never involved me in the building of Illos. This was, in his own way, done to protect me from the enemies that arrayed themselves against him because of his abilities and because of his beliefs of equal opportunity and equal rights that many powerful people felt threatened by." She said firmly

"But if you have to guess." the senator from Maine, Quahog insisted. "Your brother is known to be perhaps the most powerful wizard alive, perhaps even more powerful than Merlin himself but surely they don't think they can hold out against the ICW in any meaningful way?"

She looked at him with a displeased look but answered anyway "Do I believe Illos can hold out indefinitely?" she paused momentarily "I don't know." She admitted. "I know my brother is powerful and extremely knowledgeable but power and knowledge alone won't allow Illos to win against the considerable forces of the ICW. I believe they know that." She finished and causing murmurs to break out.

She decided to intervene. "Such speculation does us little use. Let us refocus on our course of action." And with that debate reopened on how to extend their neutrality on the world stage.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

28th​ of July, 1957 – London, British Ministry

Abraxas Malfoy POV

"Are you certain you cannot tell me what I could expect?" Livermore asked with his fingers tented together on the table in a bid that Abraxas was coming to understand as his own way to calm his frenetic nerves.

Livermore was the British Minister of Magic and an early member of Ouroboros. Despite his politically powerful position, he was only a third generation pureblood from a merchant family but he was an astute sort that knew who to thank for his rise.

He'd joined Ouroboros nearly from the beginning and had increased the wealth of his family by nearly thirty fold over the years.

It made the Livermore family firmly entrenched in their allegiance to House Slytherin and it was through that loyalty and his ability to navigate through the Ouroboros Party without making enemies that earned him the Minister of Magic position.

"You know how Her Majesty likes to ensure no secrets are given avenues to escape." Abraxas drawled as he stared at the Minister.

Livermore drew his lips to a thin line though he made no outward expression.

"Minister…" Lestrange began, deciding to interject "All we can confirm is that we will meet with His and Her Majesties to discuss relations between their nation and Britain."

Lestrange's voice dropped low "That should be enough, should it not? Or have you forgotten?" he asked, his tone dangerous as he stared at the Minister.

Her disappearance from Magical Britain had caused a frenzy amongst the public – the senior members of Ouroboros had known of her plans long before she left – and Abraxas had noticed over time that some amongst them had begun to waver somewhat in their common cause.

No one had broken rank.

Nothing that severe however curious comments here or there made more appearances over time, not questioning but certainly probing validity in small ways.

The public had been given the explanation months after she left that she had returned to her husband that she missed, an explanation that they accepted yet still wondered often about, but it gave her detractors…opportunity to claw back power from Ouroboros…or even within Ouroboros as some sought out likeminded individuals who may wish to carve out their own little political space in opposition to their cause.

Of course, as soon as news of Illos was made public, such wavering disappeared easily enough. Unfortunately for them, he doubted that it would be so easily forgiven and Livermore knew the comments by Nott were said with warning in mind.

Livermore was taken aback at the tone before he bristled visibly. Abraxas watched him carefully and idly wondered if there was anyone who didn't allow power to get to their heads.

"I have not forgotten my loyalties!" Livermore said with hints of anger in his tone before he visibly calmed himself "But this" Livermore waved towards the letter in front of him "doesn't really explain anything…except that I am will be taken to Her Majesty via a portkey! I am the Min-"

"Yes you are the Minister." Nott spoke up for the first time, his cool calm tone cutting through the room like a sharp knife through flesh. "And it doesn't matter."

Nott leaned forward, his cool grey eyes as hard as cloudy diamonds "In the end, it doesn't matter if you were in charge of a dozen Ministries. You are sworn to her. We all are and we serve her."

The death of Nott's father had more than just an impact on his outward demeanour. It had also solidified his loyalties to Lady Slytherin when she gave him those who were responsible for his father's death just as she had given Abraxas his own measure of revenge.

It had been a curious thing to witness, Abraxas mused as he looked on at Nott's cold hard expression. The fervent loyalty she was now commanded in so many people, powerful people…something that had only come years after Hogwarts.

It hadn't been difficult to notice the shift in her approach…the shift from ruling through fear but through winning over individual loyalties to her personally.

She'd won the respect and fear that came with her name as a Slytherin and of her power – it had been what shored up the loyalties of their peers at Hogwarts when she came out as Salazar's heir – but she hadn't won the kinds of loyalties he'd seen the Knights of Mimpost give the King.

With perhaps the exception of Lestrange and Rockwood.

No, over time as she formed Ouroboros, more and more people who were in close proximity to her were convinced that her way was the way it should be, even if it spat in the face of centuries of pureblood beliefs.

That had been her most cleverest alteration, to change the beliefs from pureblood supremacy to magical supremacy. The moral high ground was to be maintained through guiding individuals and children into the right way of thinking, to integrate them into productive members of common society and eliminate the contamination of the muggle world into their own at the same time.

It helped of course that her ideas were in line with the traditionally minded nobility…those who wanted a return to ancient traditions that had been suppressed due to being considered as pagan and a danger to exposure to the muggles.

And now with the reveal of Illos and her status as royalty in a magical-only kingdom, the only one of its kind…well, to say many felt vindicated in their support of her more than they already were would be an understatement.

The news that made its way to Britain thanks to the Daily Prophet, had made Illos seem like a veritable magical paradise, one where magical tradition, culture and spirituality were embraced by every single citizen.

Atticus Sayre, the man and his family the previous 'corrupt' government had ousted, the man who many had seen grow up from the golden boy he had been into Britain's prodigal son who defeated the greatest threat to the magical world had ever seen, had done exactly what he promised to do in Britain…just somewhere else.

To say that the images, the news and the account of many formerly British citizens had created interest would be an unquantifiable understatement.

All across Britain, in its shopping and residential centres, he knew that Illos was something that was discussed daily even now, even weeks after the news was broken.

And he knew that Atticus Sayre's legend was resurgent in a way that reminded him of the days just after his defeat of Grindelwald. That coupled with the adoration many of the people had for Emily Sayre who helped improve their daily lives…

Not many found the idea of two of the greatest British magicals – everyone and their mother still claimed them to be one of their own – as royalty as offensive which was surprising given that not even Merlin reborn would have such considerations.

It was ironic given that Magical Britain had a…complicated history with royalty.

British magical nobility even more so.

From Alfred to William the Conqueror, to Richard the Third, to Mary Queen of Scots to Queen Anne of Great Britain, none of those Kings and Queens had truly been considered as the Sovereign of the magical peoples of the Isles.

Only once in their history had they really considered any royal member proudly as one of their own and that had been Princess Morgana, the half sister of King Arthur, the Archmage witch that history had cast as a Dark Lady by history thanks to Merlin as a consequence of her threat to King Arthur's reign.

'Of course she was actually a Dark Lady but that wasn't a crime, it was only a negative term given by political opponents' Abraxas mused silently to himself.

In any case, the news had sparked massive amounts of interest and as more information was being released about Illos, more and more people grew envious as people they recognised and knew and were related to prospering in ways that seemed incredible to most ordinary people. To see those people prospering when many British people, whilst doing much better now, had suffered for years…

Fortunately, it was not angry envy…not even slightly.

Rather it was covetous, one that had people readily research and discuss the ancient kingdom of Camelot, the last True kingdom that wizards and witches had been able to call their own.

Combined with the people's resurgent fascination in magical history, further strengthened by the plays about King Arthur, Excalibur and other cultural propaganda shown in the Nine Realms Theatre, the idea of Illos was proving to be more enticing than any could have imagined.

Which alarmed a number of their strongest detractors about where things were going. Much to his amusement. It was already too late, he mused to himself.

History had a kind of momentum of its own and right now, they were in freefall towards the inevitability.

After all…

It was at their hands history was tumbling towards this inevitable eventuality.

Silence reigned for a few moments until the Minister collapsed in on himself.

"V-very well." Livermore said with a defeated sigh before he eyed Nott, surprisingly no hint of disdain in his eyes "You know the ramifications for Britain should the ICW find out about our mission will be grave."

"Ramifications that will be of little consequence." Nott dismissed emotionlessly "Our economy can withstand the sanctions they may place on us. Trade with Illos, Japan, MACUSA and even South America would easily fill the gap in our economy."

"I wasn't simply speaking economically." Livermore noted critically. "As you are well aware."

Abraxas smiled thinly at Livermore "And equally it is of little concern. The ICW will be dealt with." Abraxas' smile sharpened "It is an eventuality."

Livermore said nothing for a moment as he stared at Abraxas before he nodded, seemingly accepting their words for the truth they were. "I am a loyal servant of Her Majesty." He simply said and Nott leaned back in his seat, a pleased expression shadowing his face. And with that, they were all aligned once more.

"Excellent." Abraxas said with a nod as he made to stand up and before he made to leave he added "We leave early tomorrow. Dress in your finest Minister."

A day later and an uncomfortable portkey journey later, they arrived at a silver grey polished stone place, a plaza he'd only been to twice before. He frowned slightly and he noticed the others who'd been before did the same. Illos felt…different. Magic felt…thicker, more plentiful, more substantial. More than even Hogwarts.

He turned to Nott and he was almost surprised to see the man almost look hungry.

He returned his eyes to the waiting party. There were six people in front of him though only two were dressed somewhat normally as the other four wearing silver armour.

Noises of surprise rang around him and he looked towards the sounds. There were seven others with him.

Amongst them, only Lestrange and Nott had been here before.

"Welcome" the man who seemed to be in charge said as he stepped forward. "To Belva Hallos Terminal."

"And who are you?" Livermore questioned before he looked to Saunders who Livermore recognised from the papers.

"I am Ryan Smith-Rowe, the Chief Representative of Illos…the equivalent of a Minister of Magic." He gestured to his right where Saunders was.

"And this is the High Chancellor Sandra Saunders who is a senior member of the Illosian government." He explained before he paused momentarily "There isn't quite the equivalent of what she does however she is at equal rank to myself."

Abraxas inclined his head towards her which she returned with a neutral nod.

Over the years he'd begun to respect her despite her unfortunate blood status. She was fully committed to the goals of their mutual leaders and had fully integrated into the magical world. She was a symbol for those of similar backgrounds to aspire to.

"I see." Livermore said a little more reserved – and guarded – as he straightened himself out a little.

Abraxas exchanged a look with Lestrange before he glanced at Sidwell who looked unconcerned. Abraxas never did find out why Director of the DOM was requested to come to what was essentially a 'diplomatic' mission.

"I am Jacob Livermore, the British Minister of Magic." He gestured to the rest of the company "With me are Lords Lestrange, Nott and Malfoy along with Misters Proudmore and Diggory who are senior members of Ouroboros" and then he gestured specifically to the other two "And these are the Chief Unspeakable Sidwell of the DOM and the Head Director of International Cooperation Siegfried Davos."

Rowe nodded to them before he gestured towards the exits "If you follow me, we will depart towards the Main Tower, our governmental building."

"I thought we were here to meet His and Her Majesty?" Livermore said with a frown as they began walking.

"Their Graces will meet you in time." Saunders only said as they descended down the stairs. They followed silently knowing that they were being made to wait purposefully.

Abraxas watched the expression of his companions.

Livermore, Davos and Diggory were all impressed though the latter two hid their awe at the architecture of the station poorly.

It wasn't long before they reached the bottom of the stairs and made their way towards the open platform and it was here that Livermore had slackened his indifferent expression into an open display of awe as they gazed open the massive country that was Illos.

"How large is Illos?" Diggory asked with a small hint of trepidation in his voice. The papers never really showed scale of Illos, nor the massive metal frame that encircled the country like how the Alpen mountains encircled magical villages in hidden valleys.

"About the size of Crete. About 8000 square kilometres." Saunders said casually and he heard Livermore choke slightly before he recomposed himself.

"Impressive." Livermore said, this time excitement overcoming him and it wasn't hard to guess what Livermore might be thinking. That amount of space could host millions of wizards and witches.

No doubt that once things were in full swing, there would be a heavy demand to purchase land on Illos. He glanced at Nott who smiled knowingly at Abraxas.

It seemed that Nott had the same idea.

It wasn't long before they were in the air in a skymobile. Aside from Diggory excitedly chatting with Rowe about how it worked and if it would be included in the trade agreements, the journey had been mostly silent.

No doubt Sidwell and the other first timers were taking in all they could in their trip.

After a brief settling in their hotel, they were brought for brief discussions with Saunders and Rowe as they lined up an agenda. It seemed like they would not meet with His and Her Majesty today or tomorrow.

The day of tourism as Saunders so usefully supplied, had been informative, even for him as he'd gotten to know how much things had changed in the years since he'd last been here. And things had changed significantly.

The population doubled and all around Illos, there were simply more as they were taken on tour starting from watching a game of Threepeller at the Thunder Arena to the shopping districts to the Pandrosion Institute that admittedly rivalled Hogwarts for beauty.

Their tour ended with the Temple of Celestis, a massive temple on the outskirts of the city which had a hundred foot statue of Lady Magic merged into the domed temple that radiated magnificently in the light of the three artificial suns.

It was the highlight of the tour, going to this temple, a temple that was almost as tall as the 'Main Tower'. From almost anywhere in the city, one could see the beckoning Lady Magic as she held a spear in one hand and a golden apple in the other with the golden armour and the golden crown alight like a beacon almost like calling one to prayer.

The path that directly led to the temple was long yet he could not imagine anyone tiring from walking towards the temple. Perfect trees and perfect grass were on either side of the path and as he entered the temple, his breath was taken away by beauty of the art.

Paintings and portraits of popular depictions of Lady Magic in all kinds of cultures adorned the great walls of the multi-floored temple.

There were paintings of a gentle Hecate, a triumphant Shakti, a powerful Circe, an embracing Isis, a loving Freya, a seductive Angitia and a wrathful Morrigan.

The robes, the clothing and the togas moved in undulating waves as the bodies stood still like anchors. He'd never seen such magnificence in all of his life and it was without question he would hire this Fatimah to make such work for him in the future.

There were some eight floors to the temple, each floor dedicated to some version of Lady Magic throughout the magical world allowing any magical to pray to their culture's version. There were not any organised kinds of prayer, no, magicals did not conform to religion, instead it was left to the individual to find their spirituality.

He'd seen a few people pray in their own way, some sitting before a small statue of Lady Magic in silence whilst others elaborately weaved orchids or light around them whilst chanting quietly in Latin.

Hours past and as the rest of their party returned to the hotel to prepare for their meeting with His and Her Majesty, Abraxas stayed behind to admire the art and the temple itself.

He wasn't the only one either.

After a little while, he came across Sidwell staring at a painting of Morrigan below a dark cloud only brightened by streaks of lightning amidst a backdrop of moving rain the colour of blood and Abraxas stood next to him.

"Fascinating, isn't it?" Sidwell enthused, his gaze still on the painting.

"Yes…it's powerful image." Abraxas confirmed as he stared at the painting. In the distance, one could see nearly a dozen hills yet those hills were too…oddly shaped. They were wavey, ribbed hills and if one looked closely, it almost began to resemble mountains of bodies. It wasn't surprising given who Morrigan was from legend.

"A tribute to the might of magic." Abraxas added as he stared at the streaks of lightning. Sidwell turned slightly to him and seemed to look at Abraxas from the corner of his eyes.

"I would have agreed had I not noticed the shoulders." Sidwell stated before returning his gaze to the painting.

Abraxas lightly frowned as he looked at the painting and took in Morrigan's form. Her back was all that could be seen but her stance and the way the painting was framed had her at the centre of the painting, like she was the linchpin, the important figure in the message of the painting. Yet as he looked closer…he began to see.

She was…slumping.

Her shoulders were not tall or level they were buckled, cast down as if there was weight pulling her down. Her posture was not straight but rather almost hunched. "I see it." Abraxas said as he turned to look at the rest of the painting for more clues.

The Morrigan was associated with war and fate but there was also the lesser known association of magic and nature. He had thought it was the latter associations that had he included in the band of known names of Lady Magic but perhaps not.

"It is a tragedy." Sidwell noted after a few moments of silence as he raised his chin as he brought his brows down in a scrutinising way.

"For her? Or for them?" Abraxas questioned as he stared at the mountain of bodies.

"For us." Sidwell corrected and Abraxas turned to Sidwell who wore an expressionless face. "We have lost much in war, our kind." Sidwell said musingly.

"The magic taught in schools whilst more pragmatic and utilitarian pale to the more…raw forms of magic that our ancestors once used. Most of which is long dead, forgotten by and burned away from history." Sidwell glanced at him momentarily before returning his gaze to the painting. He remained silent for some time before he spoke again.

"Thousands of years of conflict has weathered away our knowledge. Thousands of years of magicals killing one another after the loss of Atlantis, each generation losing more knowledge than the last." Sidwell turned to him and Abraxas intently studied the man.

"You think The Morrigan slumped form in is indicative of her mourning of those happenings?" Abraxas questioned curiously as he eyed the painting with scrutiny.

"In some way or another." Sidwell said musingly.

The way he was speaking…it was likely he knew more than Abraxas previously thought about the Sayres' greater plans about the magical world.

Abraxas had not spent much time talking with the man who rose through the Department of Mysteries in a quiet affair – Rockwood never spoke of the goings on in his workplace – but he did know that the man had some close association with their leader.

Whatever he was here for, Abraxas was certain that it was linked to whatever she needed in Department of Mystery and it was likely linked to the current happenings.

"The mountain of bodies is symbolic in many ways. It took a great many mountain of bodies to get where we are for good or ill and it will be up to us to ensure we do not end up as the final mount." Sidwell said before he took his leave, leaving Abraxas on his own to ponder Sidwell's words and what he might know.

A day later, he stood before a massive set of doors at the Main Tower.

The massive silvery grey doors, engraved with golden runic symbols that he had difficulty placing, opened with a heavy thud and they were led inside by the armoured guards.

Livermore, Diggory and Davos were quiet as they all walked in though he could feel the nervousness radiate from them. The assuredness they had in their meeting with Saunders and Rowe had disappeared like ash carried away in a gust of wind.

He shared a glance with Lestrange and Nott, one looking almost giddy whilst the other had an intensity in his gaze, and knew that this was new territory for them as well.

This would be the first time they'd see her in over a year and the first time since she'd been elevated as Queen. He had not seen Atticus Sayre years longer.

They quietly walked into the huge chamber, their feet echoing quietly in the multi-storied high ceiling that gleamed with silver ornaments whilst the white pillars shone almost like rods of white light with the way the sunlight was hitting them through the arched windows at the edges of the ceiling.

Though that was not what drew all of their attentions. They came to a stop in front a set of steps, their eyes affixed on the two who sat before them in huge chairs ornamented with Sphinx symbols and Serpentine carvings.

They were attired in purple robes with Atticus Sayre's robes accentuated with silver whilst hers was accentuated with dark green.

A flag with a purple green Sphinx in flight was surrounded by a circular dark green serpent that framed the crest stood proudly behind their seats next to the strange flag he'd seen all around Illos of a purple tree like stump with white roots growing from the stump reaching out to blue, yellow and green stars.

Their expressions were expressionless but their eyes were aglow, his eyes a maelstrom of purple and greens whilst hers were near black blue hue of power.

He could almost hear the crackling magic and the hissing sound of the burning air amidst the indomitable aura they so effortlessly exuded.

Even from this distance, he could feel instinctively of the imbalance of power.

That the two before him within an instance could make that imbalance into physical reality if they chose to unleash the restraint on the magic that roiled underneath their skin, magic that churned in unfathomable magnitude.

The way they looked and felt and held themselves in smouldering authority, it was almost inhuman, almost as if they were like two beings of divinity whose very radiance could burn them into ash if they got too close.

It would have been laughable if it hadn't felt closer to the truth than not.

And he knew that the others felt the same the way the air surrounding them grew thick with tension, thick with the weight of authority the two before them had.

An authority that all of them felt despite their lack of crowns.

'How far they had come…' Abraxas mused to himself.

In hindsight, the two of them had always been marked for greatness. He'd seen both of their rises almost from the beginning and he scarcely could believe he was present for almost all of it...or that these inhuman beings had such…human beginnings.

And as he stared at them, their lack of crowns seemed…irrelevant.

Crowns didn't matter.

It wasn't needed and he did what his senses screamed at him to do.

He bowed.

"Your Majesties." Abraxas said in a calm smooth tone as he bowed from the hip, his back perfectly level as he stared at the steps before him.

A chorus of 'Your Majesties' immediately followed.

"Rise" Atticus' commanding tone was unmistakable and neither was the immediate effect it had on all of them as they rose as one.

"Your Majesties." Livermore began, his voice was surprisingly calmer than Abraxas might have thought him capable "I am honoured to be here today."

He looked at Her Majesty and his head dipped once more "Your Grace" he said with his voice woven with a sense of reverence.

"Henry. It is good to see you again. I am glad you chose to come despite the short notice." Her Majesty said with piercing dark blue eyes.

"I am of Ouroboros." Livermore only said as his head dipper deeper. 'I am your servant' had been left unsaid but it was not needed.

Her Majesty's expressionless face broke and a hint of a smile made its way on her face yet "Good." Her eyes trailed across towards the rest of them.

"Then you understand at least in some way why you're here."

Livermore stood straighter "I do." He confirmed before he glanced at the others in his government. "We do." Diggory and Davos bowed their heads in confirmation.

Her gaze turned from them and turned towards him, Lestrange and Nott and it was a gaze that seemed to make time itself obey her as the moment stretched into infinity.

In their world power was everything.

Blood, Nobility, Magic.

In the aftermath of the muggle plot against Magical Britain, many in Ouroboros despised muggles especially the muggle royals with a cold hatred in their hearts.

Who were the muggles to command them?

Who were the muggles to think they could hold their magic hostage as they destroyed everything that made them who they were?

They were nothing but muggles who got lucky with Merlin's acquiescence.

Yet, as he stood here, in the presence of those who had pure magic running through their veins as if it was blood itself, those who were favoured by Lady Magic in a way that made him a believer of her existence as an entity…

Momentarily all that came to mind was…they had the Right.

A fleeting thought passed through him, about his surprising acceptance of their unparalleled greatness, of their Right over him.

Perhaps it was because he had fourteen years to come to terms with it, fourteen years after he witnessed them bring down a massive piece of rock from the lifeless Void that they shaped into the realm of magic that was Illos.

Maybe it wasn't just that either, perhaps the years of his association with her and by proxy him had been enough for him to simply know that Magic favoured them.

It was a simple truth equal to the certainty that the sun rose and fell.

It simply was, this truth that Magic favoured them just as he knew by experience that they favoured Magic above all else and it was because all of that that he knew…knew that they truly had the Divine Right.

A Right that hadn't come from some false God that hated their kind but from Lady Magic herself. A Right that Dark Lords and Ladies and rulers unconsciously tried to tap into but never managed to fully channel.

Not since admittedly King Arthur. Not since ancient Wizard-Kings of Babylon.

Not until now.

He glanced at Nott and then Lestrange before he returned his gaze back at His and Her Majesty. The look on the King's face seemed to indicate that he knew what Abraxas was thinking.

Abraxas bowed his head before he took a knee.

In their world power was everything.

Blood, Nobility, Magic.

"I, Abraxas Septimus Malfoy, pledge my loyalty and that of House Malfoy to the Royal Houses of Sayre and Slytherin. This I so swear!"

Golden magic encircled him and he felt a binding settled around him, a binding that wasn't uncomfortable though he could feel its pull towards them.

He looked up and saw the shocked looks of Livermore, of Davos and Diggory on him. Not surprising given it is the first and only time they'd ever see a Malfoy on their knees. They would soon enough join him.

Neither Nott or Lestrange had such shocked looks, at least not overtly. Amusedly, he wondered how much it offended either of them that he did it first.

He turned his gaze towards his monarchs and he wasn't disappointed.

On the King's face there was a look of acceptance, a look that spoke of his understanding of why Abraxas did what he did and on hers…

Unbridled glee shone in her eyes and a look of satisfaction and Abraxas knew for certain now that House Malfoy's position was more secure than it had ever been.

'To survive and thrive wherever the coin fell'

Those were words Malfoys knew and lived by.

Abraxas had never been content with simply surviving and the magical world would bow before these two. He knew this to be the will of Magic herself.

And when the magical world bowed before these two, House Malfoy would behind them above all the others.

Not because of magic, not because of a Divine Right but because of the will of Abraxas Septimus Malfoy.

A glimmer of assurance shone in his eyes as he stared at the two before him from his kneeling position. Their greatness would thrust House Malfoy into what it was always meant to be.

That was the promise that Abraxas would live by.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Hypatia Agoralos POV

She pulled herself out of time with a quiet gasp with a profound sadness gripping her heart. Why? She wondered. What was the point?

'You know why…' the quiet voice of Atticus interceded in her thoughts.

She knew why. She knew the point. She just didn't want to understand and her travels through Living Time aimed at trying to find out how to avoid it.

She never found a way. It was almost as if it had to happen. That so many thousands of people would have to die because of the uncompromising beliefs of one tiny group of people who thought they knew what was best for the future of Magekind.

That war was inevitable because of the threat Illos and its ideals and the future path that it opened for the rest of their kind were posed to their machinations for a slim almost impossible future of a united muggle and magical world.

The war was inevitable when the world threatened to become a darker place under the shadows cast by the Raven's wings where she'd Seen people take a deep savage joy in destruction and murder.

She let off a breathless sigh as she closed her eyes momentarily.

All of her life she had thought war was a pointless exercise that weak people allowed to dominate them, that people allowed the primitive parts of their biology to dominate over them.

They had magic.

They had powers to alter reality, to create everything they would ever need. Why would they need to war when nothing was out of reach for them? When no one would have to go hungry, or be homeless or without purpose when magic gave so much?

Bitterly, she thought, it wasn't enough…to simply have magic. People had ideals, people had beliefs how the world should work, who shouldn't be part of the world…

It seemed like war was part of human instinct, part of their genetics that only transcended in complexity even if at its roots it was simple.

Denying others what they want or need

She looked up and met his gaze as he sat across from her in the same lotus position she was in. She must have looked desperate, harrowing even, with the way he looked at her with eyes that filled with sympathy even as his face was set in grim acceptance.

Her shoulders slumped in defeat and in sorrow even as her eyes met his in silent understanding. She had Seen this conversation.

She knew the exactness of the words that would be said. Her questions were always the same each time she Looked. Each time she fell through the images in motion.

And his answers were always the same just as his expression of sympathy and acceptance never altered. "It is unavoidable?" she asked quietly and sounding as desperate as she had Seen a dozen versions of herself.

"Yes." Was his simple answer but the tone conveyed so much more.

How often had he tried to change the future? How often had they prevented it?

She broke away her gaze and looked past him and into the peaceful gardens of Sayre Manor. Her gaze settled onto the ancient Persea tree, the lone tree that overshadowed all other life in the gardens.

"Other possibilities exist." She said, going through the motions.

"They do." He confirmed "None of them bear fruit. Not in the way you would want."

Her expression broke into deep sadness "Why?"

He said nothing for a moment. The artificial winds swayed the Persea tree with a gentle caress, the rustling leaves almost chimed musically. It was beautiful.

She wanted to lose herself to this ambience but she knew it was only eight seconds until it was ruined, until he spoke and told her of the narrow path they wanted it all to happen so that Illos could not grow to what it could be.

Three, two one…

The light shimmered slightly and she blinked. 'What…'

He still said nothing seconds later and her eyes widened in shock as her mind caught up on the impossibility and she turned to him and saw a triumphant gleam in his unique green and violet eyes "How?!" she exclaimed.

She'd tried and tried for days and each time the likely possibilities were only slightly different. Never had she ever encountered this moment in all of her visions.

"With great difficulty" he admitted with a vague smile.

She felt like she was about to burst with questions before she could, he spoke again.

"I will explain later." He said as he outstretched his hand.

She kept her tongue deciding to wait and she eyed his hand curiously before looking at him quizzically "Give me your mother's necklace." He said to her and she frowned but as she made to speak he conjured a coin. "Heads you say yes, Tails…no."

The coin floated towards her and she picked up the coin and she looked it over. It was her face and the face of a serpent tail on the other side.

She looked at him once more and he had an unreadable expression on his face and she just decided to flick the coin. When he got all 'Mysterious Sage', there was annoyingly very little she could do but to play along until they got to the end of whatever learning moment they were in.

The coin soared into the air with a ding and a shiver went down her back, a shiver as a result of the strange tingling sensation that seemed travel through her spine which almost felt like a sense of déjà vu passing over her half a second before the coin landed back into her hand.

She blinked away the strange sensation and opened her palm and the serpent tail stared back at her. She looked to him "Tails." She said with a deep sense of curiosity tinging her voice. He closed his eyes, seemingly haven gotten what he wished for.

Moments passed, the soft sounds of rustling and dancing leaves in the mild wind loomed over them before she felt something change. The sense of déjà vu became pronounced, so pronounced that she felt like it was crawling across her nerves.

It was discombobulating, the way the world seemed to break at the fault lines, no it seemed to grow at the fault lines, breaking and splitting into mirror images as she began to see an overlay of existence. She saw doubles, traces of doubles wherever she looked. Two of Atticus, one hiding behind the other. Two of the Persea tree and of the statue and she looked down and saw her right hand turn into two.

And just as soon as the discombobulating feeling emerged, it disappeared and she raised her towards him. Her eyes turned wide as her hands turned to her neck instinctively but instead of finding comfort in the presence of her necklace hanging off of her neck, she instead was confused.

In his hands was the exact replica of her mother's necklace, her necklace.

"Why did you conjure a replica of my necklace?" she asked, her tone conveying her confusion ably.

"It's not a replica" he said softly as the necklace floated towards her, his voice carrying a level of gravitas that was surprising her and no less confusing her furth-

Her jaw turned loose, her eyes impossibly wide as her shock became overwhelming.

The moment her hand touched the necklace, she knew.

Ooh, how could she not?

Her mother's enchantment sung the moment the necklace fell into her hands, a song that echoed in harmonious symphony with the necklace around her neck and she knew, despite the impossibly impossible impossibility, that this somehow was her mother's necklace, her necklace.

Nothing could replicate her mother's enchantment, her magic that imbibed the necklace with facets of her own magic and full weight of her love for her daughter.

"This is my mother's necklace…" she said with clouded eyes that were on the cusp of reigning. Her mother had died before she could teach her how to make one herself.

She wanted to make one for Pandora but had been afraid to damage her necklace that became so very part of her core, the nurturing and loving magic that caressed her being and magic made everything so much brighter and wonderful to experience.

But now…now she could try without losing what was part of her.

She looked at him, and saw that he had a kind look on his face though there was a graveness in his eyes. She blinked, letting the errant build-up of tears run amok across her face before she wiped them away with her hand.

"That sense of déjà vu…." She trailed off, beginning to put things together and he nodded silently before he looked away and over his shoulder towards the Persea tree.

"That was you experiencing two moments in time at the same time." The coin that she had dropped floated towards his hand and he played with it, flipping it in between his fingers as he stared hard at it. "Two different moments in time that could have, would have existed in different timelines, in universes, but instead were brought to exist at the same time, in the same moment." He said as the coin fell on its edge onto the floor.

"B-b-but that's…" she tried to say as she troubled with grasping with the full weight of what he was saying. He looked back at her and the emerald flecks in his sea of violet shone beautifully like glowing embers of a dead fire and for the first time in her life she was truly, utterly mesmerised by the impossibility of the man before her.

It was breaking every single law she ever thought she knew. Laws of magic, laws of the universe. She knew of the existence of alternate timelines, alternative universes that infinitely came into existence with every divergent choice that was ever made in any moment but to think that one could cross that border between universes?

To cross and literally pull at time and space at the inception of the creation of a new universe to bring in extra-universal matter into their own universe?

Was it even crossing? She thought wondrously.

As she thought about it, it was more like taking advantage of a state of existence that was indeterminable, like Schrodinger's Cat, where Atticus simply took advantage of the fuzzy properties of Time and Reality to create circumstances where both choices existed the same time.

She wanted to laugh and maybe even cry a little at the possibility of something that she never even thought to think of being possible!

Atticus continued "Time…it was once described to me to flow in one direction. That it could stretch, that it could be accelerated but that it will never go back. This, I believed to be the truth of the universe." A facetious smile seemed to make its way on his face as he looked briefly towards the sky.

"Even now, the Monk teaches me." and she wondered who this Monk was.

He met her gaze "Time is so much more than simply a flow in one direction."

He said it with such conviction that it felt like a universal truth and she was pulled back into her earliest memories of when she'd been a child with her parents telling her stories that she believed wholeheartedly and without further consideration.

"More than just twinning roads or rivers or paths heading into one albeit different directions. We see this, you and I, of these twinning rivers that break the linearity of Time that most others perceive and understand but there is an underlining state of possibilities that can be manipulated and pulled and split apart and made to happen or made to disappear from likelihood." He paused as he spared a glance at her necklace she held in her hands, the same necklace that hung from her neck.

"We do this at present by manipulating our choices and choices of others to change the most probable present into another present and in that vein, we rip away the present and pull another present in its place."

"And that's what you kind of did but not?" she said with a frown thinking aloud more than she was talking with him "In the first instance I mean when you didn't behave as I had Seen you would."

He inclined his head, his expression breaking into an encouraging smile "I ventured deeply into the somewhat unlikely possibilities, some near thousand likely possibilities away, and was able to manipulate one of those unlikely possibilities into occurring at that exact moment." He paused momentarily.

And a thought clicked in her mind "Like what you did with the coin flip and then later the necklace but in a slightly different way."

His smiled broadened "Yes. In the first instance, I manipulated the rivers of time until the very last moment before I pulled in that unlikely possibility."

He turned the coin's faces again and again as he spoke "In that instance, I pulled the lesser possibility whilst blinding you to the increasing probability of that present happening." He stopped playing with the coin as he looked directly at her.

"How?" she asked confused.

She didn't understand how Time itself could be deceived.

"Through affecting your Sight in Living Time itself." He said seriously.

He raised his hands and a conjuration that resembled the image in the Biology Today Journal was created around them. Neurons, she remembered. The conjuration was of strange similar blobs of neurons that were clustered in both big and small blobs with threads and paths that linked them all together.

"The structures of Time and of the universe itself are malleable." He began as the conjuration began to light up in all kinds of ways.

"And Living Time is the underlying structure that binds many of the structures of the universe together like a suture, and it is a structure that we have a connection to.

It is that connection that allows us to see beyond our immediate space and time, beyond our present and into dozens of futures that are the cream of likely possibilities.

However, our connection is…limited. We can see the events, the choices of others and our own choices that lead to a particular future but the scope of our connection is limited for there are infinite choices, infinite events and infinite spontaneity at any and every moment." He paused momentarily as he met her gaze.

"Yet despite the limits of our connection to Living Time, one thing that is not limited is our interconnectivity through Living Time." He said as his eyes bored into her.

"Our choices connect one another, choices that are made in the past, that are made in the present or made in the future, it matters not. That is how I am able to deceive your perception for I am taking advantage of this connection we share with Living Time to manipulate what you see in Living Time itself."

She slumped slightly as her mind worked hard to consider what he was saying. A flash above her drew her attentions and her eyes widened as light travelled through a tunnel-esque…tunnel to another cluster of neurons and her head swivelled back towards him. "You're like one of those central clusters redirecting signals!"

Choices…it was all about choices.

The way he pulled the unlikely possibility into existing was only possible because of the past, present and future choices that connected both of them which allowed him to access to her connection to Living Time and deceive her Sight.

His smile widened as he nodded with a pleased glint in his eyes.

Her brows furrowed before she looked her him intently "How can we ever trust our visions if someone can manipulate them like that?" she asked a little tentatively.

"That was the first time I was trying it" he said gently as he arched an eyebrow.

"It does not work on just anyone after all."

Right, she thought a little embarrassed. Plus, she would have known if things didn't happen at all like she expected it would.

He continued "To assuage your fears, I believe we can trust our visions because we're inherently capable of sensing sudden unusual changes to the timeline." He said as he eyed her intently "You remember the sense of déjà vu?"

She nodded carefully as she thought back on what she felt and her eyebrows scrunched a little. "I…I think I felt something similar before." She said as she met his gaze "Some kind of light?"

Atticus nodded pleased "That was as a consequence of reality…adjusting for a lack of a better word as I pulled an unlikely present in the path of the current present"

It made her feel a lot better to know that she could at least know when she was being deceived. "But that would only happen in the moment" she said with frown as she looked to him "Couldn't you manipulate Time and keep someone blind?"

Atticus chuckled softly and looked at her with a proud look on his face. "Hypatia, you amaze me." Atticus said appreciatively and she felt her cheeks burn.

Before she could make a fool out of herself he continued "Yes. You could manipulate Living Time to blind someone for an…extended period of time." He said a lot more serious now. "I think it's far too difficult however." He added, a more contemplative look on his face.

"I was able to do this to you because it was a small manipulation that I was devoting much of my concentration and efforts on. I don't think it's…practical to do it long term…especially if you're doing it to someone who can See multiple possibilities. Even manipulating this path of possibility into the current present while keeping you blind was almost as taxing as it was to pull two opposite moments into the same moment of space." He told her.

Hypatia nodded absentmindedly as she thought it over. She didn't know how he did it, the way he manipulated her sight through this connection they shared but she wasn't surprised that it took so much out of him.

"Will you teach me this?" she asked him as she looked up to him.

"I will." He told her as he tilted his head as their gazes were affixed onto one another.

"After all, I want you to be as capable as I am when you teach our fellow Seers at the Office of Far-Sight." He said to her and she gave him a small smile.

She knew that this was pretty much her future. She had not seen any different future where she wasn't the Overseer of the Office of Far-Sight. Pandora would even one day join her after she finished Hogwarts.

"How did you do that anyway?" she asked as she sat a little straighter and held a little tighter to her second necklace. "The coin and the necklace"

He smiled gently at her.

"The universe exists in all possible states, in any and every combination, in the present and in the future until it can no longer support such existence of possible states once they have become the past" he frowned "Even then I am not sure that not even the past is safe." He said before shaking his head and returning his gaze towards her.

"And in those possible states, it is possible to pull two moments into a singular moment, a yes and a no, into the single moment of the present forcing a merger of two opposing choices into consolidating into a singular moment that accommodates both choices." He nodded towards the necklace.

"When faced with an abnormality, with something that has a fuzzy existence in reality, the universe in all of its malleability moves to accommodate it."

She stared at the necklace before she looked to him, a helpless look on her face.

"It's ridiculous." She said blankly.

Atticus laughed heartily before he smiled at her with an amused look on his face "I know…I have learnt to simply accept that rules are merely roadblocks to simply step aside from and just continue onwards."

A curious look fell on his face as Atticus looked up, his eyes setting on the conjuration of the neurons that hovered above them "I believe that it is an instinctive ability of our kind."

"To make a mockery of the universe?" she proposed in half-jest.

He smiled though he kept looking at the neurons. "In a way, yes. I think we have been blessed as a species with the potential to reach the pinnacle of existence."

She frowned as she took on his expression. There was a deep sense of contemplation on his face. "Pinnacle of existence?" she wondered and her eyes widened as the conjuration changed into a representation of galaxies, countless of galaxies.

"Do you think our current existence, our current array of powers are all that we are capable of?" Atticus posed as he stared at the galaxies with a fervent look in his eyes.

"We have so much room for development, Hypatia. So so much." He said as his voice trailed off in a whisper. "Even this sensitivity to sudden abnormal changes to our timeline isn't unique to us Seers. I'm fairly certain even those blind to Living Time have this genetic sensitivity. Some even instinctively understand Time and the fundamentals of the universe. It's what allowed the creation of Time Sands and the creation of Time Turners." He said with a smile on his face before it fell away.

"Can you imagine where we could be in five hundred years, in a thousand, in ten thousand?" he said almost to himself more than to her.

She looked up towards the galaxies.

Admittedly she had wondered.

She knew of their origins as a spacefaring civilisation. Of Moira's true origins. Of Atticus' drive to see them on a completely different world.

But the war with Men of Symbols and the Ravenites was so destructive, so horrific…

It dominated her mind as she saw Europe bathed in so much blood. Even her own Greece was not spared of the atrocities of the Ravenites as they took advantage of the war between the ICW and Illos.

All of it would be pointless if their people destroyed themselves in war.

If…

"Atticus…" she whispered as a wonderful thought sparked into her mind.

"Yes." He simply said as he turned to her and she was taken aback by the cold glint in his eyes. "Other possibilities exist." He said meaningfully.

She remembered.

"But not in the way I would want?" she asked tentatively.

The cold glint in his eyes that threatened to send shivers down her spine disappeared and sympathetic look came across his face. "War is unavoidable. But how it is fought isn't." he said and she understood.

She understood why he showed her…all of this.

She swallowed harshly as she broke off her gaze.

Without them, this war would not nearly be as bad as it could be.

In all of the futures she'd seen, they were like a shield for their forces that cost so many Illosian lives to be lost. They were the cause that caused the war to be extended for years and they were what would turn the magical world against them slowly but surely.

She understood why he went to this extreme to find another way to break the deadlock they were in.

"I-I understand." She said, her eyes closing.

It would change everything yet it would change nothing. The course was already set, only now there would be war without them.

Only this time it was likely more of the 'enemy' would die than their people would.

She felt a hand on her shoulder and she saw with wet eyes that he was kneeling in front of her. She wasn't crying for them but she was crying of the kind of choices they were saddled with.

"It is a gift. It is a curse." He said softly as he gently carried away her tears with his thumbs. "But is not one either of us will carry alone. Nor those who learn from us."

"I don't know if I am strong enough to make these kinds of choices." She knew that eventually she'd be in a position to make such difficult choices. Could she make a choice of who didn't deserve to live because of the danger they posed to their people?

Could she make the choice of manipulating a person or a bunch of people away from an event, a choice, that would lead to an unfavourable future?

"You're stronger than you think." Atticus told her as he sat back down in front of her, a melancholic smile on his face "You will struggle with it. More than I did. Less than I do. But you'll never lose yourself. Nor will you allow me to lose myself." He said, surprising her.

She idly thought that she'd had more surprising this past hour than she had in ages.

"I am not blind to the fact that this is a great and sometimes even terrible power that we have. We literally can change the fate of anyone and everyone." He said quietly before his eyes picked up and met her wet eyes.

"I am only human, Hypatia and I know my own shortcomings." He smiled wryly. "Even if I don't seem like it" she chuckled a little wetly and he smiled gently before he grew serious again.

"It is why I want this Office established. It will break the weight of the decisions we have to make for the betterment of Illos into smaller chunks and you Hypatia…" Atticus said with his voice picking up in strength.

"You will provide the foundation of the morality of the Office that will last the ages. In time, choices such as the ones I'm having to make, choices that I know are terrible even if they are lesser evils" Atticus said with a melancholic smile.

She kept eye contact even if she wanted by instinct to look away. She knew that Atticus had the capacity to truly do horrible things. Emily even more so.

Both of them were capable of battling hundreds of wizards at the same time and win. She'd seen them scorch and crack entire battlefields with less more than a flick of their hands.

So often she'd seen them appear like vengeful archangels battling at the end of times, their magic mere expressions of will as they altered entire landscapes with the great and terrible powers.

"Will not even have to happen, not when they are stopped long before they can even hope to happen." He finished.

She nodded. "Alright." She said as a newfound resolve settled within her and as their eyes fixed onto each other, she knew that he understood that she meant a lot more with that singular word.

Some would call her foolish, perhaps even terrible for the way she stuck to him, the way she trusted him. She knew that Atticus wasn't perfect, Merlin, she had Seen enough of what he could do, what he did do, to know that.

But she also knew that it wasn't done with malice nor to innocents. There was a deep humanity in him that he didn't really know that he had that drove him to do all the good – and bad – that he did.

He cared.

He utterly, completely cared about the magical world. With all of his soul.

And it was that that inspired her to stick with him, to help him with all of this.

Because…

It wasn't right for only one person to carry the weight of the magical world on one set of shoulders. Not when they were in such a hostile universe that would happily destroy all of them.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 91 others
mosefboombox117
Mar 20, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 16 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Mar 31, 2023
Add bookmark
#235
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 16


1st​ of August, 1957 – ICW

Gaston Ramirez POV

Outrage rang throughout the hallowed chambers of the International Confederation of Wizards, a cacophony of howling sounds, sounds that were reminiscent of riotous jackals. Calls and demands of and for harsh action vaguely discernible and understood battled against the furious accusations of sabotage and warmongering.

As Commander of International Affairs, an ICW body within the organisation similar to the International Auror Department – though it was little more than MOS's front – and as such he was privy to these halls as part of his duties as the IA attaché.

He couldn't help but let a shadow of disappointment mar his face, a mere fraction of his true contempt, as he stared at the men and women who were responsible for much of the magical world.

Men and women that had decades of experience and with more than a few exceeding well over fifteen decades in age bickered and shouted at one another with self interest in mind, careless in their words and the consequences they yielded, consequences that would plunge a world into a war they didn't understand nor comprehended its goals.

As he stood watchful, he wondered how it came to be like this, how the organisation he'd worked for since his early twenties had become such a place of ignorance and self-interest in only sixty years.

'Don't be so naïve' the gravelly voice of his father chastised him, a voice that often chastised or cynically corrected him of his erroneous and sometimes idealistic thoughts and it was a voice that he had heard more in the past few months than he had decades prior as he looked around at the unimpressive visage of the Mugwumps.

'It was always there, it always is. The higher you are, the clearer you see the smog and the more it sticks on you'

He could see his late father in his mind's eye, his father half hidden by his straw hat as he wore his beloved and aged blue overalls, and he could hear his father's words through a disappointed face ringing in his ears as they often did whenever he spoke with burning calmness

'And you, my dear boy, have it caked on you like a second set of clothing'

With a rueful sombre thought, Gaston wondered if his father hadn't been the wisest man he'd ever known before he soberly considered the situation once more.

Things had moved so quickly in the past few months so much so that ostracising Illos was no longer the immediate action. Not since MOS suddenly changed direction and intensity that rippled through the magical world with awful and shameful fury.

And perhaps it had been always there, that self-interest and blatant misuse of power, but it never became so glaring or so filthy when MOS began to act so heavily in the past few months.

He could see the touch they had on the Mugwumps, the way their hidden hands guiding their actions and their whispered words out of their mouths and it was like watching serpent dragon slowly but assuredly swallow a live cow whole…feet first.

They were behind the antagonism, the antagonism that was pushing the magical world into another war because of their obsession. He understood their obsession and he understood their fear even more, the interpretation of the prophecy – a prophecy he had confirmed to be true – left little to imagination yet the manner in which they decided to act to achieve the conditions in which the prophecy could not come to pass…

It gnawed at his sense of right and wrong, this warped grey muck that his morals had turned into. Like an infection, it had disorientated him, left him unbalanced as if one of his limbs turned into a rotting putrid lump and it made him perpetually ashamed at the manipulations that he was witness to…that he was accessory to.

More than a few times he felt…himself sink lower and lower into an abyss with crystalized damnation, an awful depth he'd sunk to that he couldn't escape from and it was a far cry from the moral heights he once strove to and been destined to reach.

The change of tact and operation at International Affairs in the last few months had been increasingly jarring each time he and his colleagues intervened and made people change their minds – he remembered the shameful times when he'd taken part and watched proud men turn deathly pale with but a few words on parchment held with quivering hands – and as time went on, and the results became more difficult to swallow he was becoming numb to it all…accepting it all for what it was.

As the Supreme Mugwump got things under control as magic enforced order into the chambers, he thought the fact that it was for the betterment for the Magical world didn't help nearly as much as it should…as he might have expected.

His gaze fell on the Bulgarian Mugwump who had been watching the entire affair with what he could only describe as dispassionate amusement as he lounged back in his seat, his sheer presence radiating as he were a cat playing with a ball of yarn.

Cullaica was the epitome of what the ICW was becoming, the consequence, the example of what International Affairs and MOS were permitting to sit amongst what had once been a body of justice committed to a united goal of seeing their world protected and preserved.

All because of their drive to stave off an apocalyptic future with any means necessary

The characters of these people were unimportant, irrelevant in comparison to the power they wielded, magical or political and such deals with the devil couldn't be summed up better than the ones struck with the Raven recently, a key weapon in the war to come.

Unsavoury politicians…

Foul men with poisonous beliefs who sought to infect others…

Dark wizards masquerading as civilised men...

All in the name of a preventing a prophecy that heralded the end of Magic.

"I thank you, honourable Supreme Mugwump" the Mugwump for Egypt in a smile that raised Ramirez' hackles. It was the same oily smile he'd seen on the faces of German, Austrian and Danish officials when he pursued Grindelwald throughout Europe.

Boutros had grown in sizeable power over the past decade or so as he consolidated power in the Egyptian Ministry with the considerable aid of the ICW.

Cairo, the seat of the Egyptian Ministry was now beholden to the ICW.

Egypt, a people who could claim to be the first melting pot of wizarding cultures, a people who have a magical history stretching back over six thousand years, were now beholden to a foreign power in Alexandria for the third time in their history.

Boutros looked around the chambers "I can understand the…intensity of runaway emotion that my fellow colleagues have shown in this sacred chambers. It is not with an easy heart that we must consider the testimony of our esteemed colleagues."

Ramirez spared the diplomats who went to meet with Saunders a look.

The diplomats had been a combination of senior personnel from the Administrative Agency and Mugwumps chosen by the Assembly. Most of them hard faced yet the Spanish Mugwump looked miserable, almost ashamed. Her testimony had been utterly emotionless and exact accounting he'd ever heard before.

He felt a pang of sympathy for the woman.

Boutros seemed to inflate himself as he continued to speak, a stormy expression on his face "Chancellor Saunders has made the position of Illos clear and it is a position that we cannot accept." Murmurs of approval rang around the chambers as the discordant voices were muted by the volume of those who did agree.

"In their refusal to pay for the crimes of their leaders, they have made it clear that they are not ready to be a nation amongst us. Not when they choose to be led by criminals who are a danger to all of magic-kind!" Boutros exclaimed furiously before he continued.

"It is for that reason that I ask this body enact ICW statute D10567AF against the leaders of the rogue state known as Illos along with placing indefinite sanctions against Illos and any that trade with this rogue state!" Boutros shouted out and a chorus of approval rang around the room.

Ramirez felt a pit forming in his stomach as he stared around the fervent chambers.

There it was…

Despite the inevitability, despite the inescapable zenith that had always been on the horizon, it still hit him in the chest with a blow that felt like a furious swipe from a dragon's tail.

The spark that would lit the ocean of exploding fluid beneath their feet, an act that would ripple through the magical world and scorch away any attempts of peace and dialogue out of existence.

War with Illos was now inevitable.

D10567AF was a rarely used statute, one specially designed to allow the ICW nearly carte blanche to deal with those who were deemed 'Dangerous and subversive influences to the integrity and safety of the magical world' allowing them to indefinitely hold individuals to imprisonment without trial…the same statute that had been enacted against Grindelwald after his crimes could no longer be ignored.

The contented smiles littered the chambers whilst the troubled looks were far and few in between and he knew that more would leave.

He closed his eyes momentarily and memories of reality torn asunder, great and terrible magic wrought the world into unrecognisable slags of earth, the very heavens torn open with black lightning and rotting magic that clashed with annihilating power that broke the world with its consuming rage and fury….

They smiled but they did not understand how awful the situation was, how they had etched a conflict into existence that would swallow the magical world whole. Time, it seemed, had eroded the magnitude of the disparity of Atticus Sayre's power.

Grindelwald had not intended to win the war and he had come close anyway.

Had he truly been content to win the war and rule the Magical Europe, chances are he might well have succeeded. The imbalance between what he could do and the thousands of men he had at his beck and call would have been enough.

And now…now they were joyous to want to war against an enemy that boasted two Archmages, one likely to be the most powerful mage to ever exist, and who have thousands of loyal mages at their backs willing to sacrifice their lives for Atticus Sayre just as the Knights of Mimpost would have done without question.

The necessity of the Raven and Cullaica never felt more sickening than in this exact moment, the necessity of their power to be able to stand a chance to defeat the Sayres…

Had he not seen the veracity of the prophecy himself…

He reopened his eyes and a hardness shone through his eyes that could crush diamonds under the weight of his determination.

MOS were not blind, they were not ignorant of the impossibility they set for their forces, for his men, to fight against an enemy could tear down the very heavens with an expression of will alone.

It was why they divulged to him of their ability to See the future much like Atticus Sayre could and why they believed they could avert this prophecy with the existence of the Raven who was as much – or was going to be – a powerhouse as Atticus Sayre himself was.

A deal struck with a Devil that may prove to be little better than Grindelwald yet it was infinitely better than the apocalyptic future Atticus Sayre would bring forth.

They were sacrificing the present to save the future and perhaps the future that may replace the apocalyptic future would be worse than how it was at present with blood purism running rampant in Europe, swathes of Eastern Europe falling under the sphere of the Ravenites and the ICW transforming into an authoritarian entity that imposed itself onto peoples and governments without restraint yet…

Yet it was a future for the magical world even if he feared the path MOS was taking.

He was not privy to their dealings beyond a certain degree, to their plans which he only knew abstractly, only the objectives they set out for him to achieve.

In a way he was happy to be…ignorant…of the finer details of their plans and he felt shamed by that admittance. In the end he only hoped they understood despite their Sight that actions had consequences.

Prophecies were unwieldy phenomena, odes of ill tidings, of inevitabilities or of inconsequence, it mattered not. Magic herself sung those odes into the world through the mouths of her Prophets, odes that went unheard far more often than they were heard, odes that would never happen even if heard and he wished this prophecy had been an ode that had been left unheard.

Prophecies were double edged swords without hilts and no one could wield them – manipulate them – without suffering the consequences.

Still…

No matter his misgivings, no matter the guilt he felt for the actions he took and permitted, in the end he would do what he'd always done.

He did not believe himself to be a good man, not anymore, not for a long time now but he had always fought for the right side, the side that prevailed over greater evils.

His grim smile fell off as the Supreme Mugwump called the vote, a cloud of luminescent green lights overwhelming the few embers of reds, and he turned on his heel towards the heavy set of doors, his face etched in a hard stoic face.

In the end…in the end he would always fight for the right side. Even…even if he hated himself for doing so.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Ferdinand Dolcino POV

"Symbols." Sariel began, his emotionless eyes roving around the room before they settled onto him "The moment of our victory is fast approaching." He said, a rare note of triumph creeping into his voice.

Ferdinand's mouth curled upward in a sneering but smirking fashion.

His efforts, his labours, had borne fruit, fruits of such magnitude that it was historic.

Sariel had tasked him to recreate what their forebearers had been capable of, to recreate feats lost for generations, promising death if he failed in this mission.

It had taken him almost a year of non-stop meditation and labour that nearly drove him mad to a way to break through his limitations, to find out the chink in the armour of their implacable enemy, his only route to stave away certain death at the hands of Sariel or Sayre and he'd finally managed to two months ago.

He'd found a way to delay choices until at near the precise moment that altered timelines, a way to make it seem like the future was always heading down the left path until just before at the moment of no return veering right preventing Sayre from being able to counter their actions.

It required immense concentration, immense willpower and so far only Sariel and Ephesus were the only ones capable of it other than him.

No longer were they constrained to reacting to Sayre's changing, no longer were they playing a chess match on a board made of Fate with endless pieces that sapped at them but now…now they could ensnare Sayre into a trap, a trap of their making that would make it too late for him not to arrive at death's door…or his people.

Collaborators that Sayre worked inhumanly to hide from their gaze and those that they did see were whisked away before their men could apprehend them.

The times when they came close, the Hounds of Death had come and intervened, often leaving a trail of death in their wake. It was in one of those instances that made it clear that Sayre had rules to this game, rules that made it clear direct actions against him, his family or his people would result in the same consequences.

Again and again, their visions had changed to gruesome deaths until they had to concede, having to admit defeat and swallow their pride and play the game in the narrow terms Sayre forced them into.

Now, they had the upper hand.

The only issue with this ability was that the future became blind, the right fork of the road was as dark as shadows, a future that they conspiring to make happen but one they could not view due to their trajectory towards the left fork that would continue until it was changed at the last moment.

However, their enemy would be just as blind as they were and the undeniable advantage they now held access to was what was going to win them this war.

A war that was coming to an end soon with the destruction of Illos and the death of the Sayres. They would deal with the Ravenites afterwards and the Design as they saw fit would come into being.

Pergamom scowled angrily but said nothing and the smirk on Ferdinand's face deepened. As a consequence of the others'…limitations, they were kept ignorant to ensure that the advantage was kept lest their enemy learn before they could strike a deathblow against him.

Pergamom's growing exclusion from matters of the Three all but heralded his own rise to the leadership of their organisation. Loadicea's death had been a great boon for it kept Pergamom's anger contained lest he find himself equally bereft of life.

In any case, there was little that would be discussed of value in this meeting. All of this was theatre in a way and they all knew it even if they were unaware of the details, theatre meant to ensure that the fork would continue on its trajectory without issue.

An hour passed as they went through the motions before he was left alone with Sariel and Ephesus. "Ramirez will soon be on his way to retrieve the asset" Ephesus said.

"A slight deviation to the timeline but nothing major." Sariel titled his head towards him "It seems like Sayre has remained limited as we suspected."

A pattern had been established that made it clear that Sayre had limitations, glaring limitations that they determined after they analysed every single action and reaction of themselves and Sayre.

He was vulnerable to the actions of others and to the actions that would not be apparent if they were set to pay off far enough in the future. They determined his limit was thirty years in the future, a far cry from their ability to see until the end of their timelines which before the veil had been stripped had been to their deaths more than a hundred years in the future for some of them.

Ferdinand was sceptical however "The test might have succeeded but it is not conclusive." He said pointedly. They set in motion a plan to assassinate the entire Sayre bloodline some thirty-five years in the future and it still continued apace without any interference.

"No." Ephesus agreed "However if you consider all the individual tests that we have gathered on his abilities, it is clear that it is far more probable that he is limited in his ability with Celestial time."

"We have argued this point enough times" Sariel said dismissively "In the end, over-caution without proof of validity will only guarantee our defeat, not enable it."

Ferdinand sneered internally though he grudgingly agreed with the sentiment.

"Now" Sariel said as he folded his hands onto the table, his emotionless eyes roving between him and Ephesus "Let us address the unacceptable mobilisation times of our forces."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

3rd​ of August, 1957 – St. Mungos Hospital

Dorea Potter POV

Dorea looked over the file of her next patient, a small frown on her face as she looked over the stated symptoms. It was an unusual reaction but not entirely uncommon. She got up from her seat and left her office towards the waiting room.

The waiting room in the Dai Llewellyn Ward was relatively sparse this evening and there were only about six people waiting.

"Mr Sycamore?" She called out and a middle aged kindly looking man dressed in worn robes stood up. He had a few scars on his neck and the bottom of his jaw as well, old looking scars. She could see the swollen hand with two distinct bite marks on the lower part of the back of his hand.

"Ma'am" the man said in his surprisingly baroque voice.

"Follow me please." Dorea said as she smiled politely at the man and she took him to her clinical room. As a Senior Healer, they were required to take clinic duties across the different floors when cases in their area of expertise were light.

She waved her wand over his hand, a light yellow glow wrapped around his hand "And it's been throbbing despite applying Essence of Dittany?" Dorea asked as her magic intuitively communicated the results of her scans to her.

"Yes." Mr Sycamore said with a wince as he bent his fingers slightly "I've been bitten before, a few decades ago, and all it took then was a little bit of dittany."

She hummed as she stopped her scan and went towards her cabinet before she returned with a few different healing balms "It's not uncommon to develop immunity to dittany." She paused as she applied one of the stronger curative healing balms on the outskirts of his wound "You're in the creature rearing industry correct?" she asked with a glance at the man's face.

The man nodded "Yes. Over seventy years now"

"Likely used dittany often to treat wounds in that time too" she surmised and the man nodded affirmatively. A few tests later that tested his reactions to the healing balms, she determined which healing balm was best suited for the man.

"You have to reapply the Sanding Burdock balm again tomorrow around midday." She said as she wrapped the man's hand up that was lathed in the balm underneath the cloth "Only once more and you'll be as good as new" she said with a small smile before she grew a little serious.

"I'd advise you stop using dittany to treat any wounds you may receive at work. At best it will only stop bleeding instead of knitting the wounds close." She told him as she got up and handed the man a small pot of the burdock balm who took it appreciatively from her hands.

"Oh, I will have to get rid of it then." The man said with a sigh before he looked to her with an appreciative smile

"Thank you Ma'am." The man said with a bow of the head.

Dorea smiled at the man before she led the man out of her temporary office.

It was almost nine o'clock in the evening when she had seen her last patient and she felt like a bag of potatoes by the time she finished. Charlus was likely still in the office today knowing that she would finish late so she decided to spend a bit of time at the staff lounge with her colleagues before she went home to sleep.

She walked through staff canteen and stopped in her tracks at the sight of her colleagues crowding the M-TV with seats arranged in a semicircle that were all filled were whilst there were a few people standing behind the sofas. She quickly walked towards them with a frown on her face and saw that they were watching Percival Prewett, the famous anchor man of Evening News on the Camelot Britannia channel, discussing about what the Minister might have to say.

She stopped next to Jack Greaves who stood with his arms folded and a concerned frown on his face and asked with surprise in her voice "What's going on?"

Greaves looked towards her "Prewett said that the Minister is making an emergency announcement at nine pm" Greaves broke his gaze and looked at the clock "In about four minutes." He said as he looked to her with careful smile.

"You made it just in time, Dorea."

It was strange for the Minister to make announcements in the late evening on the Screen. She listened to the discussions by Prewett and his guests but it was mostly speculation it seemed like. "And there isn't any clue what it might be about?"

"No." Greaves confirmed "Most people think it's related to Illos though." He said without hesitation in his voice.

Dorea's expression remained carefully non-reactive to what he said. "Why?" she asked already thinking it might be related to the disastrous negotiations in New York.

"The Minister hasn't really once spoken about Illos ever, has he?" she added. It was a criticism of the Minister that was levied against them. The public hadn't been demanding anything – yet – but that was mostly because of the wariness towards the ICW who were cracking down against any nation that wanted to associate with Illos.

Greaves looked at her with a curious look "True." He conceded "But other world leaders have spoken about Illos" he said with a concerned tone before he shook his head "The Minister can't really keep his quiet any further." Greaves said with thinned lips as he turned his gaze to the Screen.

"I don't envy him." Greaves said quietly "But I think he'll do the right thing. It's about time given how blatant the injustice is." He said with quiet confidence.

Dorea swallowed a little harshly as she turned to the Screen.

Injustice…

A word that felt so heavy with all that was attached to it.

And it was a word that felt righter than most others. The way that the ICW treated Atticus Sayre – and Illos – was not right and it reminded her so much of the previous Ministry.

So much had changed over the past few years, change that she could scarcely believe was possible was now something she expected to always remain the same.

Blood purism that ran riot in Germany and in Norway and once upon a time had dominated in Magical Britain was almost a thing of the past now. Almost of course.

There was not a chance in hell, she imagined, that the British nobility would allow their heirs to marry a muggleborn but a cousin far removed from the direct line of succession? The idea was no longer preposterous and even in some circles welcomed in a bid to 'diversify' blood for the future as research into squib births was proving to support the infamous report on Muggleborn and their origins.

Even so, the changes were positive and as time passed the age old tensions were dissipating. And, with a feeling of guilt, she knew that this had been exactly what Atticus had wished for. Equality under the law. Equality in opportunity.

And it was what he was betrayed and exiled for.

A small flame of pride flickered in her stomach at the achievements of her old friend. She always knew that he'd be capable of creating wonders and what wonders he built!

She would readily admit that she drank in every little information she could about Illos, about her old friend and what he'd been up to. She'd even interrogated Pyrites who was an acquaintance of hers and it only left her starving for more.

A rueful smile came across her face, one that was in remembrance of how hard she tried to not remember her old friend's face and now she couldn't have enough of it.

Even in his kingly attire, she believed that he hadn't really changed.

Pyrites' remarks about how a lot of things that didn't make it in the papers he really wanted to include, like how Atticus knew the names of anyone they encountered, something that Pyrites knew almost certainly wasn't for show, was how she came to believe that Atticus hadn't really changed at all…except for the glaring fact that he was King now!

She hadn't expected him to do such a thing, to elevate himself in a way that was incredibly…uncomfortable. There was a taboo on Kings of magical origin. A taboo that was thousands of years old that stemmed back to the days of the ancient pantheons.

One that the Romanoffs had avoided by nature of their junior status of the Romanoff family despite the senior branch's squib status which therefore they couldn't call upon the connection that was tied to their kingdom.

Her maiden family's library had helped educate her on the matter itself, the connection that Kings held to their subjects, a bond that was tied to family magic much like how the magic of the Wizengamot had been tied to the noble families, and it was a bond that the books had considered as sacred as the one's connection to family magic itself!

Walburga thought that this was the reason why the ICW was so adamantly against the Sayres, believing them to be a rival to authority and therefore building up to wipe out Illos and the Sayres with complete ruthlessness but she took that with a very heavy pinch of salt.

After all, Walburga had more than a few screws loose in that disturbing mind of hers.

In any case, despite his questionable actions surrounding the Taboo where gave him the benefit of the doubt – she did not believe that it was a bid for power given that he already everything he could have wanted anyway – she felt assured in her beliefs that her old friend hadn't changed in the way he built Illos.

Pyrites had confirmed that everything he'd written about the place was true and that if anything it was understated. It was a paradise and she could see the longing in Pyrites' eyes when he spoke about it.

It was not a longing that was unique to Pyrites. She'd seen it aplenty in many of her friends and colleagues who said they would go and visit as soon they were able to.

Her gaze went hazy at the thought that it was unlikely she'd ever see the country. Not after the way their friendship had all but ended when Charlus told Archie more than he should have about what he knew about Atticus.

She sighed inaudibly, blinking away the hazy thoughts and she kept silent on Greaves' words, electing to silent watch the Screen as quiet discussions went on amongst those seated by the M-TV, a discussion she kept a half ear on before the Screen cut to the Minister behind a podium in the Ministry Atrium.

"Good evening, my fellow citizens of Magical Britain" Minister Livermore greeted, his voice firm and his expression unchanging as he gripped either side of the podium with what seemed like a death grip.

"We live in a fast evolving era." The Minister began as he swept his gaze across before he looked directly into the Screen. "Faster and more uncertain than any other era since history began. Thirty years ago we were faced with the total collapse of the Statute by the actions of Grindelwald.

Fifteen years ago a war ended that had threatened to engulf the magical world in ruinous destruction but not without claiming tens of thousands of lives and leaving Europe in Ruin." The Minister paused as he stared meaningfully towards the crowd.

"And five years ago Magical Britain underwent its own crisis." The Minister said before he continued, a deep frown on his face as his tone emanated with severity.

"In the span of thirty years, we have seen and witnessed great change, both terrible and good. Magical Britain has come out of our times of peril stronger and more united in more than a millennium however we still live in an increasingly uncertain magical world." The Minister said with a hard solemnity to his voice.

Dorea stood affixed and silence reigned throughout the room.

"It defines a nation on how it deals with fear." The Minister spoke up again after a heavy silence, his look almost frozen with contemplation.

"Fear that comes with uncertainty, the unknown." The Minister said with his knuckles softly rapping at the wooden surface of the podium.

"Fear…" the Minister continued, his expression harder and his tone resolute "is what has gripped large parts of the magical world and the fear that has gripped it is unreasoning and unjustified. Fear that is been made manifest by those with unscrupulous intentions who seek to drive our world into further uncertainty without just cause or reason!" The Minister said with an explosive voice and Dorea drew in a deep breath as her colleagues murmured wide eyed at the Minister's reactions.

"They seek to fan the flames of war against an imaginary enemy convicted of imaginary crimes!" the Minister continued with a passionate voice "The bill that the ICW has voted for is nothing more than a witch hunt intent to plunge the world into a war no one wins but everyone loses and I cannot help but feel that is exactly what they wish for!"

"You have all heard and read about Illos, a magical kingdom that, a nation that has captured our attentions and our imaginations! Half of its people are our people, fellow sons and daughters of Magical Britain, kin to nearly everyone in our nation, who left to escape a corrupt Ministry and have built a nation that is equal to Atlantis itself! They are not our enemy." The Minister said with a hard low tone.

"Neither are Atticus Sayre, a son of Magical Britain who has fought for our liberty and defeated the worst Dark Lord ever to live or Emily Slytherin-Sayre, a daughter of Magical Britain who has changed the lives of thousands of our people for the better." The Minister said amidst loud claps of the audience at the Atrium, a rousing symphony of approving shouts of 'Hero of Britain' and 'Founder Reborn' could be heard through the Screen.

The Minister let it go on for a few more minutes before he spoke again "Almost ten years ago, the old corrupt Ministry had banished away our greatest hero since Merlin himself for the false crimes of treason when all he wanted was to change the lives of everyone in his homeland for the better." The Minister paused for a few minutes as he let that sink in.

"I do not have to tell you how much of a travesty that was – an injustice that is a black mark against our nation done by treasonous officials but!" The Minister said as he raised his finger

"But…we can start to heal the wounds that should never have been made now and that is why I and our government have rejected the false assertions of the ICW about Illos and two of the greatest witches and wizards to have ever lived and thus…" The Minister paused as he drew in a heavy breath before he continued, every single soul in the staff lounge silent as the dead just as the press and audience in the Atrium were, just as Dorea imagined anyone else tuned into the press conference was.

The Minister drew himself up a little as he released his grip from the podium "Effective immediately Magical Britain has withdrawn its membership from the International Confederation of Wizards…" the noise droned out the rest of his speech and the flashes that emanated from the cameras almost was like a strobe light that didn't seem to end.

The staff lounge itself erupted in shock and sudden argument with one another.

She heard a low whistle and she remembered Greaves was next to her. He kept his gaze on the Screen but he spoke nonetheless "I didn't expect him to go that far." He said with a sigh before he shook his head and crossed his arms. "At least it's quite likely Ireland will join us. With the collective war-wards active, I doubt there is much the ICW could do without really committing"

"What are you talking about?" Dorea asked with a frown, still somewhat in a daze about the shocking announcement. "Why would we activate the war-wards. We haven't declared war."

Greaves turned to her with a grim look on his face. "No. But we might as well have with the comments that the Minister said and the withdrawal of membership."

"You really think it'll come to war?" Dorea asked stricken. She remembered the last war and the amount of pain and death she'd seen. For it to touch her homeland…

Greaves remained silent for a few moments. "I don't think so. Our support probably won't go that far." He said finally before he shook his head.

"I don't know. Honestly, it depends on how closely we align with Illos." Greaves looked at the Screen again and she followed his gaze and saw that Prewett was in a heated discussion with his guests though she couldn't really hear anything considering her colleagues were awfully loud still.

"At least it is the right thing to do." Greaves said with a sigh before he turned around and made to walk away though not without uttering "We're going to be in for some interesting times"

Dorea remained still for a few more moments before she walked away too. She felt conflicted about the whole ordeal though surprisingly she felt mostly pleased that the British Ministry wasn't against her old friend.

She shook her head and she quickly walked towards the Floo. She and Charlus would have much to discuss!

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

4th​ of August, 1957 – Illos

Threads of timelines, of possibilities sailed by his field of perception, threads made out of filaments as thin as the diameter of hairs that went on into infinity, inverting and expanding and collapsing in endless tesseracts of immeasurable sizes, in this space he constructed within his consciousness where his existence was beyond three dimensions.

He walked through the dense forest of Time Tesseracts, his perception reducing the Tesseracts into smaller cubes of possibilities emanating infinite filaments and threads, his silent steps treading on a surface made of emptiness, his fingers hovering over the possibilities with echoes saturating his perception of what they may hold.

Time…

The concept vibrated within his consciousness like the strings of his harp under his touch and just like the tones and frequencies the vibrating strings sprang through air, Time sprang across space and existence through threads of infinite variety made from uncountable filaments of choices linked to all those who existed, exist and would exist.

His finger flicked at one of the threads and a stream of events filled his perception, random and uncoordinated yet he relished at the beauty of the way he was understanding Time and all of its infinite importance to the universe.

Time was the suture that bound the structure of the universe together, the membranes that made up the core constituents of existence itself. Magic. Reality. Consciousness.

Through Time, Life was inextricably linked with itself through choice and chance that echoed in the past present and future, by laws that governed the non-physical much like the laws of governed the universe with just as much 'spooky action' influencing choice and chance just as the quantum world influenced the universe.

'Spooky action' that did not have laws in the traditional sense, laws that could not be explained or defined through words but only understood through experiencing them, through feeling the tangles connected to choices, choices that were expressional acts of consciousness that made up a small portion of the membrane that permeated throughout the universe, tangles that had always existed and would always exist.

He expanded his consciousness with an immense swelling as he turned his gaze towards the Tesseract that held the future of his chosen path that he forced to exist and held a constant connection to even in his unconscious state, its collapsing and expanding form breaking the confines of its shape into a blooming daisy with a centre that held an infinite ocean of liquid threads that stretched into the dark pool of the past, the shallow present and the endless horizon of the future.

Even though he was as knowledgeable as most Ancient Humans when it came to time and energy, he knew that that his knowledge paled in comparison to his instinctive grasp, this instinctive feeling for time and energy.

It was like using words to describe emotions at their heights, when emotions rose to zeniths that words were ill equipped to truly describe the full breadth of the emotion's power in those unforgettable moments.

Words would always pale to capture the full experience of when joy reached a height that lifted one's soul to such lightness that it made it seem as if one could walk on molecules of air with gravity rendered unreal.

Or when one felt love with such strength and purity that it felt like your body was in the process of shattering outward, barely able to contain the limitless power of love in that singular moment.

Words could never capture such vibrant quakes that could engulf people in a cocoon made of momentary transcendence and just like how words could not capture the heights of emotion with the full breadth of its strength, words could never capture his instinctive understanding of Living Time.

He understood the Monk now in ways he could not have imagined years ago. He understood the Monk's frustrating way to guide him to answers that he either knew or would know in the future.

Some things could not be explained and could only be experienced.

He peered through the lens that unfurled itself in the opening of the Tesseract, moving through time as if it was a physical dimension, each step an hour of time with space rendered a nonfactor.

He walked through the streets of one-hour-in-the-future Illos, his perception honed into the thousands of links that faintly resonated out of the people who would be walking these streets in an honour.

In his conscious state, his depth of time and space was limited, constrained to roads immediately connected to one another for perhaps hundreds of miles but in here…

In here…

He had no such constraints.

His gaze, wherever set, could touch every corner of the world, every event, every single conversation that was had the moment he looked towards them though never all at once, never to that degree of Sight, not even with fifty lifetimes could he imagine being capable of reaching that state of omniscience.

His gaze swivelled towards Alexandria, towards the constant link he shared with the linchpin that would usher in victory, and his perception walked through into Gaston Ramirez' office. The link between himself and Ramirez was pulsing, a link that wrapped around Ramirez like a coiled serpent, one that hid his true future with a mirage of his making.

His steps increased and time moved, his careful gaze not once breaking as hours turned into days and as Alexandria fell away and the docks of Cape Town instead.

Atticus watched as his plan solidified into existence, the key to Illos' doom taken to bosom like a priceless artefact, one that would open the gates to a horde of Ravens and ravenous Aurors into a ravishing Eden they could not wait to defile.

He watched as he battled with the Raven with restraint and Emily battled with Cullaica and he watched as all that they had worked for was destroyed in a fiery explosion that launched Illos into Antarctica unleashing environmental catastrophe on the world.

He watched as he stopped and despaired at the loss of Illos inattentive to the deadly blow that was sent this way and Atticus stopped the moment that exact frame.

His gaze fell on the slanted surface of Illos, littered with bodies and broken buildings, littered with those whose names he had memorised the moment they were born in his home or when they became citizens of their new home.

A swell of suffering rippled through his being. It was jarring, to know intimately the consequences of failure. Of their enemies' implacability to see them utterly annihilated without restraint.

A distant, very improbable future that was never to happen but it was one possibility nonetheless.

The future the Men of Symbols Saw and moved to make happen.

It was humbling, Atticus mused with a heavy expression draped on his face, his gaze set on the anguished face of his possible-future self.

The way he could see what hubris could lead to if he ever let himself fail.

His expression hardened as he pulled himself out of the possibility, out of the trap fashioned out of choice and the bounds that he tightened around the nooses of their necks.

They made their choice.

Just as those who followed them did.

They had the opportunity to find another way, another way to prevent this rather incredible misunderstanding of prophecy. In their minds, they held the upper hand and victory was within their grasp but in all of the possibilities, they always chose the easy option, the absolute option.

They chose violence and destruction without fail, choosing to destroy his people with hesitation in every possibility.

And when he returned to reality, the sight of Illos' skyline gleaming under the light of the orbs as he stared affixed by the large window in his office, only one thought coursed through his mind

'If they want absolute violence…they will to taste it with the same vigour in which they would deal it'

He wasn't sure how long he stood affixed watching life go on in the streets of Illos when the door to his office was opened. He turned around and saw Emily walking in and he remembered that it was time for lunch before they'd go meet with Parelius.

She eyed him with an inspecting look, likely having felt his bout of strong emotion through their link. "The veil?" she only asked and he nodded silent as he made his way to her and gently kissed her on the cheek.

She took hold of his upper arm before she leaned back and met his gaze. He gave a reassuring smile and soothing filtered into their bond "Yes but we are still on schedule" he sighed inaudibly

"The sight of Illos' destruction never is something I can ever not feel strongly about"

She hummed softly in quiet agreement. Illos was as much a home to her as it was him, their people her people. "It's good then it will end within a few days." She said with a vindictive look and it was a vindictiveness he shared more deeply than he had felt in many many years.

It was hours later after their lunch that they took a portal to a secured room in one of the barracks in the hinterlands of Illos where Parelius stood waiting.

"Your Majesties." Parelius said with a bowed head.

Atticus smiled slightly at the gesture. Where Sandra, Derek or Hypatia would call him by his given name after having insisted on it, Parelius had only asked if it was an order.

The room was sparse though it had a large board with a Holo table in the middle of the room.

"Parelius." Emily acknowledged with a nod before her gaze went towards the board. "You've been busy." She commented as she walked towards the board.

"Yes" Parelius said before he quietly walked over with his arms behind his back, something that Atticus also did even if he already seen dozens of permutations of the plans. "Despite the plan's rather low probability of failure" Parelius said with a side glance at Atticus before he returned his attentions to the board.

"I have considered other scenarios that we may need to neutralise or factor in."

"You've doubled the men's training exercises" Atticus stated with a glance towards the man and Parelius inclined his head minutely.

Parelius had taken over the training of seventy-two Illosian Guards, many of whom had fought with them during the war, and had been tasked to drilled them endlessly in the operation within the Ever-Changing training facilities where the Guards trained to improve and keep up their fitness.

Atticus turned his gaze towards the board with closer inspection. There was a part about wards within the complex that housed MOS and a substantial number of International Affairs mages that were complicit in many of the organisation's crimes.

"You think we may encounter greater difficulty disabling the wards around the compound?" Emily asked Parelius. It wasn't surprising it concerned him – as much as anything could concern him – but it was noteworthy especially given that it was his protégé that would lead a small team to break all of the wards and seize control of the wardstone.

They'd gone over the plans a number of times and each time he'd been able to map out more and more about the wards. Most of the wards that protected the compound were impressive, better than he'd seen anywhere else. The death wards were interlinked with an almost artful touch, the way some of them enhanced each other covering weaknesses.

Fortunately, they knew were the wardstone was located which was deep underground, some three hundred metres from the ground floor of the complex, under a bubble of wards that would take some time to unravel.

It wouldn't be as easy as simply taking a portal towards it – the wards would instantly kill anyone not tied in – but they had a work around with a Mithril powered mobile ward that worked effectively to create a sphere of protection that resisted the effects of the wards long enough for someone to take down the wards.

"The chance exists." Parelius commented as he turned to face Atticus "I do not believe it will happen but I have considered it nonetheless. The men are being trained to consider the possibility of active hostile wards"

Neither he or Emily commented on his unnecessary precaution. They both knew Parelius long enough that it was his way of being even if he trusted his protégé absolutely especially when it came to wards.

Emily raised her hands and three beads of Mithril flew out of her pockets and began to orbit above her hand. Parelius eyed the beads intensely before he looked up to Emily "They are primed?" he questioned.

"The beads are primed and only await activation." Emily confirmed to Parelius before she returned her gaze towards the orbiting beads.

The beads were enchanted with Fidilius Velamen, a variation of the Fidilius Charm, which encased and anchored the secret within the beads themselves, beads made out of pure Mithril and a suitable alternative to the soul after they figured out the mechanisms of the Fidilius Charm years ago.

Parelius nodded, a glint of approval and perhaps even a hint of excitement in his eyes "It'll keep our casualties to a minimum with them disorientated." He paused momentarily as Parelius glanced at him "I suspect the numbers haven't changed?"

"They haven't. It is still 278 individuals within the complex." Atticus waved his hand towards the holo-table which could interpret magic and intent as readily as the Ancient Human tech that could interpret electrical signals from neurons.

The holo-table changed and highlighted a complex in the middle of muggle Alexandria in a district that was southwest from the magical district. The holo-table zoomed in and altered the complex into a four story three dimensional blueprint, clusters of people and individuals roving through the hallways of the complex with a timestamp hovering at the top of the holo.

"Nothing has changed for over a month now, the longest period of timeline stability in over a decade." Atticus said with an intense gaze, his eyes fixed on the timestamp.

There was little way for them to fool his Sight. Only through seeing through the façade of the key would they know and they were too certain, too confident in their abilities that they understood him, that they understood his capabilities for them to see the noose around their necks.

Parelius stood closer to the holo-table "Then our victory is assured." Parelius said with a rare tone of victory.

For years they played this game with the Men of Symbols, evading their notice and dispatching their agents when they got too close or warning them of total retribution if they veered away from the rules of the game.

No more.

Yes…

Victory was at hand.

And it was a victory that began the countdown towards the endgame.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

6th​ of August 1957 – … Alexandria

Gaston Ramirez POV

As he walked with a gloomy air towards them, his mind wandered towards the latest upheavals in less than a week.

Six more nations broke away in the last two days from the ICW after Magical Britain. There was talk about France and India following suit and he didn't doubt there were others who were considering it.

It seemed like the rumours of Auror contributions being demanded had worked in pushing hesitant nations over the limit, rumours that didn't even had a basis in truth.

He sighed as the heavy doors opened with an ancient crawl and refocused his mind.

The heavy doors closed behind him with a heavy thud, his boots rang in the echo-y chambers like bells ringing at the stroke of midday.

The same sight of obscured men greeted him as they always did and he did well to hide that biting taste of disdain that threatened to mar his face.

There was a dossier on the table before him and he stepped forward. "What is this?" he asked as he opened the dossier with a frown.

"Your next mission."

Ramirez looked up and the man in the middle, the man who had called himself Huntelaar, was leaning forward. Ramirez glanced at the other two men for a moment before sitting down and began to read the dossier.

It was always like this, crumbles were fed and left him unsatisfied but always he'd be forced to return by his own stubborn will.

His frown deepened as he the document.

The document detailed events and companies and individuals that operated in the muggle world. Years of proof of muggle ships being expanded magically to several times its normal cargo size, method of propulsion that were heavily magical even some instances of magic being used in manufacturing.

Major breaches of the Statute that went beyond using magic to profit off of the muggle world and whomever was involved in this scheme were looking at very least at a few years of prison.

As he looked through the documents, entries of recent years were looking sparse, ships that were known to be magically expanded were now simple muggle ships with the last entry four months ago that declared the entire Endrian fleet bereft of magical influences.

He flipped to the next page and his eyes widened in surprise.

'Derek Saunders. Educated at Hogwarts and in muggle Business. Husband to Sandra Saunders. Close confidante of Atticus Sayre. Owner of magically expanded cargo ship Lux'

The ship was captained by a man named Ulfred C. Cook, a man who disappeared from Magical Britain years ago with Sayre.

For years they'd always been a step behind trying to apprehend known followers of Atticus Sayre whenever they popped up in the magical world but it seemed they had been hiding in plain sight in the muggle world.

Records of Cook dating back years all the way to his employment with Sphinx Group and Endrian Shipping Company – the first time he was even hearing about these muggle companies – along with other names that were reportedly had worked with the man until recently.

He turned his gaze towards the men before him. They had all of this knowledge, all of this information…

"Why have you not acted?" his tone harsh as he reigned in his anger. Much of the evidence was years old with only this entry made in the past few months.

He didn't need to expand.

For years, this was exactly what they – he – had searched for.

This would have been all the proof they would have needed to legitimately bring charges against Atticus Sayre and those who enabled him instead of the farcical casus belli the ICW generating.

That they were bringing it to him now, after Illos has arrived on the world scene, after the farce, didn't make any sense to him whatsoever.

"We cannot act directly"

"Action means defeat."

"Inaction means rout."

"Through you we do neither and avoid defeat all the same."

He looked on irritably. He hated when they did whatever this was. They might not be acting directly themselves but they were acting nonetheless. They were acting through him and through the Mugwumps against Illos and Atticus Sayre.

They even could have acted through him by leaving him a breadcrumb in the first place! They could have ended this illegal operation years ago and levied undeniable charges against them that would have invalidated the Sayres completely!

He didn't mention that though. He knew from experience arguing against their methods would only get him nowhere. "Very well." He said as he took the dossier and placed it inside his robes and turned on his heels.

Days later at the Docks of Cape Town…

Ramirez' boots clunk on the metallic floor as he made his way towards the bowels of the Lux. All of the crew had been muggle, confounded into ignoring the containers that were some spacially expanded eight times the normal size.

That wasn't their true target however.

He stepped through a series of hatches, the smell of human flesh invading his nose, and he felt his temper rise as he arrived at the last hatch, he was greeted by one of his men standing post by the other side of the hatch.

"Sir." The agent saluted as Ramirez walked through the hatch where his other men were congregated over a still but steaming form of a person.

"Is he still alive?" Ramirez asked harshly as he continued to walk towards the men.

"No." the agent said disgruntled "He killed himself before we could subdue him."

Ramirez ground his teeth but he said nothing as his men parted ways allowing him proper sight on severely burned man. "Report." Ramirez barked out as he stared at the team leader who began his accounting of the events that lead to this.

"We did however found this, sir" the team leader, Clarkson, said as he fished out a key of some kind. "We're not sure where it leads but the Quarem Charm points that it is definitely a key to somewhere on the ship itself."

So they might be able to salvage something from this after all? "Search this ship from top to bottom in teams of two. Find it." He said with a piercing look and his men saluted him before they walked away to do their job.

He stood alone as he crouched down to the burnt husk of Cook, a faint glimmer irony rising within him, and stared at it. Immolating yourself with cursed fire just so you wouldn't be captured…

Cook hadn't been a fighter in any degree but the tight space had allowed him to more ably defend than he otherwise would have been and used the few seconds he gained to burn himself to death.

Was this what they were going to look forward to in this war of theirs?

Zealots who deified the Sayres to such degrees that they would rather die than surrender? He got up from his crouched position and made his way out of the hatch.

It was less than an hour later that his men confirmed they found the room hidden behind the engine chambers confirming that it was the man's private room sheltered away from the muggles.

He rifled through the documents that were of some interest, particularly the application for insurance for something called a Griffin Skymobile of all things but the reference to a portkey that captured his attentions.

After they searched through the entire room, they found it. "Sir" one of his agents said, his hand holding a white item that looked like a flower of some kind.

"It's the portkey. No other magicks on it."

Ramirez took the portkey from his hand, his eyes hiding the excitement he felt.

An excitement borne from the fact that it was finally the key to the doors of Illos, a key that would finally let them understand where the place even was!

Illos was hidden, a mystery that was enshrouded with uncertainty when it came to where it actually was. Any war that was to be fought with the Sayres was doomed to end at best at stalemate with them capable of retreating to safe harbour.

Now…

Now they could strike and end Atticus Sayre – and likely Emily Sayre – once they broke the portkey coordinates. He stared at the item, item made of some kind of glass like crystal lighter than he knew glass to be and realised it was a white lotus though with a stain on one of its petals, a stain that was deep red, almost blood like, and the yellow anthers seemed to blur for a moment with a haze, no, a spectral of grey that disappeared almost as soon as it arrived.

He blinked a few times, removing the odd feeling and a feeling of triumph came in its stead. He turned to look to his men "Let's go. We've gotten what we came for." He said as he turned on his heel and walked out with the portkey firmly gripped in his hand.

Had Ramirez noticed, he might have noticed a speck of grey dust on one of his fingertips as he caressed the crystalline lotus, a remnant of the dust that he unconsciously had breathed in moments ago.

Hours later in Alexandria…

He stilled, his body as straight and rigid as an iron bar, the confusion washed over him like sticky black oil sunk into his skin that he couldn't clean away. He shook his head in confusion, and the odd feeling of having forgotten something faded away as his eyes widened and he took notice of his surroundings.

There were three figures hidden by some kind of obscuration charm that were better than the ones he knew and he switched to his duelling stance. "Who are you?!" he asked with a commanding tone moments before he noticed that his wand was not in his holster.

He remembered, he left it the guards upstairs. But why would he do that?

He never allowed his wand to leave his sight. The only times he did had been when in his early years whenever he met with the Director of the international Auror forces.

The three before him stirred, their motions jerky and they seemed to talk to each other under a silencing charm, their bodies were too animate for them not to be speaking. "WHO ARE YOU?!" Ramirez's voice crackled, his violent questioning seemed to stop the movement of the three in their tracks.

"We are M-" one of them tried

"We are…" the other tried

And Ramirez lost his patience and made to speak again but before he could, he felt his throat close. His hands travelled to his throat, his eyes wide in shock at what happening to him and he tried with everything he had to just try and breathe but it was no avail, his throat had betrayed and no air made it passed his mouth.

The three stirred and he thought he saw them make to leave but a blinding light that followed a small earthquake of an explosion ripped from behind him and he fell head first to the ground losing all consciousness with a crack that would have made anyone grimace.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 94 others
mosefboombox117
Mar 31, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 17 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Apr 10, 2023
Add bookmark
#245
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 17


6th​ of August, 1957

Jacobius Kelsie POV

Their boots struck the floor with faultless simultaneity, a one two and a one two, again and again, the ground shaking under their rhythmic thumping, a thumping of boots united in perfect and united purpose, the scent of creamy, sugary, wintergreen smells from the willow wood forest nearby an ever present reminded of what they were marching for in perfect union, united in purpose.

The scent was always there in the morning and it was here today in force as they marched from their barracks located nearby the Lonis Forest though it felt like a cushion to them, to him, as they marched in columns of silvery grey armour towards their monarchs who stood before them, waiting and watching, with Overseer Parkinson and a few of his intelligence agents.

The first column parted from the tight formation inching further away before the second and then the third broke away until there were three formations twenty-four strong.

"HA!" they voiced out as one as they came to a stop, their armoured fist clunking onto their chest.

Their King, wearing his own fluidic silvery blue armour and a red cloak draped over him, extended his hand to his Queen, their Queen who herself was wearing armour though of a darker hue with a crown atop her head, and she took their King's hand before they walked calmly towards them as Parkinson and his people stood back.

"Illosian Guards" their King began with a slight raised voice but one that didn't fail to be heard clearly by all. "Today is a momentous day." He continued, his gaze trailing across them with an intensity that Kelsie had not seen since the days of the war and he stood straighter if that was possible.

Kelsie, like many senior Illosian Guards had been a Knight during the great war.

The first amongst those who had answered the call to arms against the evils of Grindelwald by the-then Lord Sayre, a decision that changed his life for the better in ways that he still couldn't put words to it.

It was funny like that, Kelsie mused to himself, the way that war had been the best thing that ever happened to him.

In war he forged closer bonds with people in mere months than he had ever done with his own family, bonds that lasted to this day.

In war, he had found purpose in an otherwise purposeless life destined for pointlessness as they fought against the monstrosity of Grindelwald and his ilk.

And in war…he thought as he stared at their King…

In war he found something greater than his own life, greater than anything he could ever imagined he'd ever find…he found faith.

It had come slow, this faith that he had but battle after battle, speech after speech and act after act, it had been growing, this transformative feeling that seemed to brighten his world in ways it had never done.

It wasn't really his magic – of course it helped – but it was who their King was that changed his life and that of so many others.

Kelsie had grown to trust in his ability to protect them when they couldn't protect themselves, trust in his plans for success even if they seemed hard to believe, trust in his words that they all meant something to him, and all of it, all of his deeds and words grew into absolute faith in his King, his champion that saved him.

His champion who promised him the world and had delivered.

All that he had, his wife and his daughters, his medals, the gifts that he'd gotten from their King at his wedding and his children's births, the house that overlooked the Merten stream, Illos, all of it, had come from him.

Yes…Kelsie had absolute faith in their King.

An absolute faith that he shared with many of his fellow Illosians and Guards.

And with faith, he thought as his expression tightened with hardened zeal, he would crawl to the depths of hell for their King and his beloved Queen.

"A day that I hoped would not come but has come nonetheless." Their King continued, his smooth voice slashing through the air with ease "They may have not uttered the words war…but war has all but declared upon us." The King said to absolute silence as magic began to dance in the King's eyes, the emerald flecks in his eyes twinkled like new-born stars in violet seas.

"A war that wasn't wanted or invited and it is a war that is imposed on us!" Their King said, his voice rising with palpable anger and with a glow that surrounded him like a translucent blanket of velvety magic that seemed like it was a moment away from blanketing the entire world under its weight.

And it was an anger that Kelsie felt intimately and he felt the men next to him restrain their own reactions as much as he was. The demands that the ICW had levied against Illos were infamous. The news, at work, at home, even in the streets people talked about little else and they talked with outrage.

They wanted to destroy Illos and everything that it was by forcing them to accept their corrupt officials with powers to change anything they wanted and more importantly…they wanted to harm their King and Queen.

That had almost caused riots in the streets of Illos and no one argued against the call for war against the ICW. No one wanted war, if anything everyone just wanted to be left alone in peace but what was asked was something no one would ever be willing to accept.

The King and Queen were theirs, the family they owed more to than they could ever repay and none of them were going to abandon them. Not the recently turned magicals, not the different magical peoples who made Illos their home, and never the people of British origin who chose to follow their King into the unknown without caution for he was their champion and their chosen one.

"But they are fools…" Their King's tone softened but the danger it carried was unmistakable. The King said, his eyes beginning to burn brightly, a violet glow with green stars dancing in its background.

"For we know war!" Their King's magic began to manifest in tempestuous swirls of purple of greens, the weight of his magic feeling like a blanket of snow onto his skin.

Yes…Kelsie thought, a dangerous storm seizing him at his core as he remembered. They knew war. They fought in the farmlands of France, in the narrow streets of Paris, in the halls of mountain top castles and in the marshes of the Balkans.

His fist clenched tight, the wand embedded in his armour thrumming, almost vibrating with a will of its own urging itself fall into his own hands.

Their Queen stepped forward a little, her arms raised and her eyes matching the same kind of fervour that Kelsie knew they were all feeling "We are not monsters" the Queen said to them, her voice melodious and seemed to calm the anger in their hearts. "This is a choice that is forced onto us and we will offer them a choice they are so willing to deny us. A choice to step back from the ledge they so carelessly approach. Should they refuse…" She trailed off, her eyes cooling to solidified magma and her ominous stature growing.

"Then may Magic have mercy on their souls for they will come to know what war with Illos means with this little taste of our capabilities!" Their Queen said, her voice somehow echoing all around them as if it was coming from every direction, her own magic rising as she raised her wand until she was shining like a dark blue star that seemed to chase away all light in its awesome strength.

"HA!" He chanted as he raised his wand arm into the air in unison with the rest of his comrades. "HA! HA! HA! HA! HA!" rang around them, their voices unison in their smouldering passion, a passion that could burn their enemies away with its fury.

Three grey blue small spheres appeared and floated above their Queen's hand, and the glow in her eyes darkened to a black equal to the blackest of night.

She began to chant, the floating grey blue spheres pulsing with a silver white glow, a wave of confusion washing over him though he remained affixed with patience.

One of the white spheres rose above the others and her words switched to Illosian though within moments the words she spoke suddenly dissolved from his mind, the white sphere pulsing with a brilliant radiance before it fell to the ground and burrowed its way down and away from sight.

This happened twice more and when the last of the sphere disappeared into the soil of Illos, she spoke again though this time her words clicked into all of their minds.

"The Men of Symbols otherwise known as MOS are an organisation within the ICW" The memories of their enemy were unlocked and the burning passion regained its brightness.

"The International Affairs and Men of Symbols Headquarters are located on 777 Nouran street in the Kafr Abdu district" their Queen said and he remembered the detailed plans of the building and its floors, the painful and exhaustive drills they underwent so they knew by instinct what to do and what to expect.

"Atticus Markus Sayre otherwise known as Atticus Sayre is a Seer and capable of traversing Living Time known as Celestial Time!" Was the next words of their Queen's mouth and he remembered the legend of their King's powers.

Kelsie's expression shifted to one of viciousness, hidden as it may be under his helm, the knowledge of their enemies' unawareness of what was coming bringing that vicious side of him to the forefront, a side that relished the look of capitulation and defeat.

Parkinson looked at his wrist, his cold emotionless eyes staring intently at his integrated magi-comp before he looked up and nodded to the King and Queen and they all knew that it was time.

Their King and Queen raised their hands, glowing orange lines forming in the air.

One of the set of runes connected forming into a strange blue-orange tinged portal that appeared before the intelligence agents, a portal that for moments appeared to lead to a dark abyss before the event horizon changed into a sight of a huge wardstone. The Intelligence agents saluted before they walked through the portal with purpose with own mission to be carried out.

Just as the Guards had their own mission who moved and fell in their assigned groups of four in three columns with the Primary column moving to the Queen, the Secondary column to the King and the Tertiary with Parkinson.

The King and Queen shared a look, an unspoken look before the King smiled grimly and turned to face them all, his expression neutral but his eyes burning brightly with a luminescent glow, one that bore an ill omen for their enemies.

"For Illos." Escaped their King's lips, and it was like a bell, a death bell that rang when the boat ferrying the damned across the point of no return.

"For Illos!" They shouted as one, their voices filled with the righteous vigour as warrior angels at the dawn of the apocalypse.

The floating runes connected and formed into three large portals and the King and Queen turned towards their columns.

"Men" The King only said before he walked through the portal.

Kelsie and his fellow guards ran after him, rows of fours, and they passed through the horizon of the portal.

They arrived at a juncture, a dark juncture with three tall and wide hallways and within moments, three out of the four groups split and made their way through two of the junctures leaving Kelsie and his team with the King.

The King twisted his hand, his liquid silver blue armour undulating like the surface of a lake stirred unsettled with a stone's throw, and a spear formed in his hand.

The King gripped his silver blue spear, his magic crackling softly, seconds passing that felt like minutes before he began to move forward, slowly, his pace increasing before he began to half sprint.

They followed their King, and he was almost impatient to draw the wand embedded in his armour though he waited, knowing that the call would come soon.

And it did seconds later.

"Calor Scutum, sixteen seconds" the King communicated through their helm and their hands rose, the armour around their hand melting as the wand embedded in their armour released into their hands, the tip of the wand the only part of the wand exposed.

Moments later, a dozen men seemed to pour out from the hallways, their spells, varieties of gouging curses, severing curses, bone breakers, were fired with blinding speed sped across the distance and that wasn't where it ended.

The walls transformed into knifes and daggers and objects and animals, all of it along with the spells ate the distance towards them with menacing speed.

Faster than a human eye could see, the King suddenly stood between them and the spells, the sounds of stone floors cracking underneath his boots as his armoured hand shone with a dark purple glow before it tore from him, the dark purple wave of magic racing through air, the ground and the walls cracking along its path.

Sixteen seconds passed, and a twisting magical black shield formed around them one by one, a shield that reduced all light to heat and cold frequencies as the spells, the conjurations and transfigurations were forced to bend into the path of the wave of gravitic magic and with a sudden flare equal to a thousand sunrises, the gravitic magic exploded blinding all those without protection within the hallways.

The King was a blur, only through his helm tracking the King's movement did he see him move as if he were a whip of water, twisting and bending between the lines of their enemies, the sounds of their cries and bones breaking a harrowing symphony that was ended almost as soon as it arrived as the King struck at them with his spear with non-lethality in mind.

They dropped their shield and saw the devastation wrought by their King's magic, the walls and ground sporting cracks inches wide.

The King swept his spear across, globules of blue-silver descended down onto the incapacitated men and in a twisting crack, they were transported out and half a second later, the King was on the move again with them on his heels.

As they moved, the soft thuds they felt under their boots grew stronger, sounds of action elsewhere rising in strength as they made their way through the destined hallway.

The King raised his spear as a juncture approached, the sounds of distant explosions throbbing in their ears through the helms, quakes that was felt with each running step, and magic began exude from their King, an iridescent glow that crackled and teemed with barely restrained power.

Faster than humanely possible, the King slashed his spear diagonally and the world buckled, invisible undulating ripples sank into reality bending it at the seams as the walls, as they themselves took on an oval shape as reality ceased to function by normal rules and just as soon it happened, just as soon as this un-reality flashed into existence, it flashed out of existence though it took with it massive sections of the walls, of the flooring, blinking out of existence within moments, as if they had never been there at all.

What was left was a chasm of that descended all the way down to bedrock and he set himself, waiting for the word he knew was coming "Go" the King said and they were gone as soon as the words came through the helm and they descended down onto the floor below, the tips of their wands aglow.





As they landed on the floor below, they twisted their bodies around and ran towards the incoming enemies. One, two, three, four, four, six…now!

He swept his wand across, discombobulating spell after another streaked forward just as a group of wizards came their way, flashes of shield rising to meet the spells fired upon them.

They ran towards their enemy, their wands never ceasing to cast spell after spell, each spell intent on breaking down the opponents' shield, their defences, their bodies, and the battle began in earnest as events and spells and even the pattern of the destroyed transfiguration matched exactly as it did with the countless memories of their 'war games'.

The hallway was alight with magic, the crackles and sizzling sounds of spells sung in the magic-heavy air, and their opponents grew desperate when they were dropped one by one, their numbers decreasing all the time and soon enough sickly green curses streamed towards them, hungry for death, hungry to rip life away from them but they would not be so lucky.

He smashed his right foot onto the floor, his body contorting in preparation as his other arm rose and a shield formed out of his arm as he angled towards the incoming killing curses. The killing curse splashed harmlessly against his shield, outcries of shock was heard from the enemy and he twisted around, his shield morphing away as a barrel formed out of his arm and he pointed it towards the few remaining enemies.

His men made way, the tips of their wands flashing as they fired towards the walls nearby and the walls transformed into refractive surfaces. A ball of light fired from his barrel-arm, and his helm tinted to near darkness before moments later the room was showered with painful light before his men made short work of the remaining enemies.

This repeated again and again, their battles mirroring perfectly the training exercises they went through, each spell, each movement acted out in perfect rote. They moved through the hallways as if they knew it as well as the back of their hands, eliminating threats one after the other and soon enough they were nearly done in incapacitating their enemies.

Though not all were spared death, no, there were some that were flagged for death, those few among hundreds, and just like in their games, they were killed with ruthless simplicity for the good of Illos.

Just as the figure before him would die with that same impersonal ruthlessness as he leaned away, the whip of menacing fire looping past him before Kelsie brandished his wand, a flesh eating curse rippling out of his wand towards his enemy.

The man raised a piece of rubble that shattered as it was made to intercept the spell, the man's wand twisting in a blur as he returned a spell-chain intent to break through his armour that sported some deep dinks.

Kelsie raised his wand above his head, his wand sweeping above his head in a wide arc and tendrils of stone rose from the cracked floor, each tendril sped towards each of the spells yet for one it was too late, a gouging curse that hit him in the torso and tossed him into the air yet Kelsie was not worried even as his HUD began to flicker.

He smashed his arm against the wall he was launched into, his momentum halted and he twisted around for his feet to plant themselves onto the floor before he launched himself forward, his armoured boots digging into the stone floor as it were made out of putty and before his enemy knew it, Kelsie had already crossed half the distance. One more leap forward, a faster leap, prepped him for the finale.

Kelsie could see the shock and panic on the man's face and the man's wand was a whirlwind of movement as he began to point cast simple but effective spells, the man entirely intent in dousing Kelsie in volume of spells rather than lethality in a foolish hope that it would be enough to buy him some time to think of an alternative strategy.

Kelsie wouldn't allow him that time.

He jumped into the air, his trailing leg adding spin to his jump as his wand slashed at the ceiling. A score of javelins whistled through the air, half of them sent towards his enemies and the other half in the space between them.

The man cancelled the transfiguration that raced towards him with ease before he moved to transition into another series of curses yet it was too late as Kelsie sent the other javelins towards the man with a flick of his wand, each javelin carefully positioned to blind the man of the incoming curse as he seamlessly flowed the shield-breaker spell into a curse that sizzled at the tip of his wand.

One…two…THREE, the spell was released from his wand, the sickly yellow curse ate up the distance between itself and the man and just as the man defended against the last javelin, the shield breaker tore open a hole in his shield, a hole that his curse fit through like a rat through a hole in the wall and the man screamed as skin and flesh and bones were made gone, piece by piece, inch by inch, made gone as if they were nothing but a fleeting twinkle in one's imagination.

The man's face turned sagged as bone were made into dust and his flesh into sagging bags that were increasingly crumbling under the effects of the spell and soon enough robes and clothes were all that remain, the cloud of dust that escaped as the clothes and robes dropped to the ground a disturbing remnant of what had once been flesh and bone and skin.

Kelsie shook his head, his mind forcing away the image as he ran towards the gathering point now that he finished with his last enemy that was left to him and not long after he was with his comrades making their way towards their King and Queen.

Kelsie could see the effects of the battles on every floor as they made their way down to the lowest floor. Like rats, their enemy was trapped in the building with no way out and no salvation coming to intervene on their behalf. He wasn't sure what the forward team had done, only that there would be room for escape for anyone.

They made their way past the broken heavy set of doors that hung limply off of the hinges and he saw the ring of his comrades surrounding six individuals on their knees with another unconscious.

They looked sickly, grey spidery veins ran across their faces, their eyes bled black tears as they stared hatefully at their King and Queen.

"Any injuries?" their King questioned without turning towards them.

"No my King" Kelsie said reverently as he made his way towards the front of the ring next to the other team leaders. "Everything went almost exactly as planned." He said as he looked at the rest of his comrades and saw that other than a few nasty looking damage to their armour they looked as fit and healthy as ever from the way they stood.

"Well done." The King said as he glanced over his shoulder before he returned his gaze to the defeated enemies that kneeled before the King and Queen.
"Two hundred and seventy individuals you had at your disposal. Two hundred and seventy of the finest wizards you could rely on, all of them sorcerer level in power." One of the kneeling made was gripped by an invisible force and made to levitate before the King and Queen.

"And all two hundred and seventy wizards were as effective as a breeze of harmless air to the face." The King said with a low tone as he stared directly towards the dying man who seemed to keep his hateful glare going despite the weight of the King's gaze onto the man.

"You will be-"

"–the end of magic?" the King interjected calmly towards the man, the man's cold hateful eyes wavering for a moment "and you wouldn't be wrong." The King continued and the King's expression broke into a faint smile.

"I will be the end of magic on Earth as Louisa Miranza predicted." And this broke the man's glare and the King chuckled, his chuckles carrying hints of menace.

"Prophecy…prophecy is such a fickle thing." The King said in a musing tone as the Queen raised the other six individuals, their sounds of choking filling the deadly silence within the chambers.

"You never truly know what it means, how it ends, until it does end and does come to be. For men claiming to know divination, you were fools. Magic will end on Earth, one way or another and it is better to end at my hands than at the hands of muggles as it would have should you have won this conflict between us."

The King turned to him and the rest of the Illosian guards.

"There is a prophecy about me, my comrades. A prophecy that states that I will bring forward the end of magic on Earth. One the Men of Symbols foolishly set in motion. Where they failed to understand however is that I am its salvation, not its end as they would have made to happen." The King raised his arms, as if beckoning them forth.

"Trust in me as you have done for so many years. Trust that I will guide us to the stars. Trust what you know. The prophecy will happen, that is no longer in question. The only thing in question is…do you believe me…or do you believe them?" the King questioned as he gestured towards the floating men.

Kelsie stepped forward, his eyes fixed onto the King as his helm morphed away to reveal his face.

The man that he knew his King to be loved magic, he breathed it, he nurtured it in others. He'd never bring an end to magic if he could help it and Kelsie knew that the man would sacrifice himself if it meant he'd avoid its destruction. He was that noble of a man, that great of a King and they were Illosian guards, knights of honour and valour.

They would never be so wicked to doubt the word of a man they were sworn to, a man who was true-hearted to them, to his people, to magic.

Kelsie kneeled before the King. "My King, you have my faith as you have always done. Through life and through death, I trust you with my very soul and magic." Kelsie said deferentially and with truth ringing in every fibre of his words.

One by one, his fellow comrades did the same, kneeling and reaffirming their loyalty to the King and the King smiled fondly at them as he bowed his head towards them.

"You have brainwashed them." The man said without pause "They would believe the sky is red if you told them so."

"They have faith in me not to mislead them and it is faith that I hold with utmost reverence. They matter to me more than you could know, Sariel, and it is on their behalf that I will ensure magic will thrive."

The sounds of five necks snapping echoed in the dark chamber and the King brought the man's closer to his face. "Find solace in the afterlife that in my hands, magic will prosper across entire worlds and in time…the galaxy shall be ours to shepherd as destiny demands it. As birthright demands it. May magic have mercy on your soul"

The man's neck was bent almost parallel to the man's shoulders and the sound of the neck snapping was harsh. Yet…as harsh as the sound was, Kelsie hoped that it was the last life that would have to be taken in order to have peace.

And he trusted his King to do all he could to make that man's death the very last. And if it wasn't possible…well, he trusted his King to guide them to peace however treacherous and difficult the road may be.

Faith…Faith simply worked that way.
----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Days Later….

Cihan Aslan POV, Mugwump Chambers

The ICW Chief Unspeakable stood in front of the Mugwumps at the centre of the chambers, his arms behind his back and his expression grave as he spoke to a silent and disturbed assembly of Mugwumps that teetered on the precipice of angry fear.

Fear that built upon the chaotic hub that was now Alexandria, something not seen since the Grindelwald war, fear that tore away the veil of invincibility.

"What do you mean 'you're not certain?" the Norwegian Mugwump said angrily as he stood up from his seat, his rage clear to see in his expression though it was his fear that spoke volumes about how he truly felt. "How could you not know?!"

The International Affairs building, with all the souls it bore within, had completely and utterly disappeared, a building that stood three stories tall and nearly occupied half a street, gone, as if it never existed in the first place.

It was…chilling, the kind of power it would need to do something like that.

It should have been impossible, utterly, comprehensively impossible. There was a direct relationship between magic and mass, one that could be cheated and bent but never quite broken yet the possibility of that relationship being broken was very very real.

And that wasn't the only concerning point, no, the fact that it was done entirely without their notice was equally as concerning.

It took a day for someone to notice its disappearance, so much so that the Unspeakables believed magic was at hand for it to be forgotten only to be so suddenly remembered.

A form of the Fidilius Charm, a kind of obscuring of magic that worked in similar principle as the charm that had the power to hide the location for a period of time.



All that remained was the wardstone that powered the muggle notice-me-not charms, all other wards having been stripped away and that spoke immensely of the capability of those who orchestrated the entire thing.

The Unspeakables had invaded the location like locusts and had until now resisted calls and demands to answer what has actually occurred and only now were they coming to answer their questions yet the fact that even they weren't sure…

It would cause an even greater sense of dread to run along the spine of everyone within the ICW, a dread palpable and practically coated all those who walked these halls. After all, no one was under the illusion on who would have the motive and the capabilities to pull something such as this off.

Cihan wanted to scoff.

Illusion…

To say that this had finally shattered the majority's perception of what they were faced against would be an understatement. Two days they were here in this emergency assembly and for two days, this message, this disappearance had spawned greater number of fearful and almost appeasing arguments than he'd ever witnessed before.

Yet…he understood.

For a message, it was an incredibly powerful one.

The IA were infamous, almost an authority onto their own, and the IA were amongst the best of the ICW forces, Auror trained wizards that doubled as half Unspeakables who were all Sorcerer level in strength. Yet they were vanished like nothing more than dirt and rubbish with no one the wiser until at least a day had passed.

He glanced around the chambers, his eyes searching out those who had been for the implementation of D10567AF, the statute that all but declared war against Illos and the Sayres. He could see a number of pale expressions, a few hidden but tense expressions and more than a few blank expressions hidden behind their Occlumency.

For years, the ICW had been building its forces, exceeding its pre-war numbers of Aurors, Hit-wizards and warmages with ample recruitment of former Grindelwald followers and for years, the slow but building confidence that its forces could contend with the likes of Grindelwald and its followers had been…noticeable.

Confidence that was now all but shattered under the weight of reality.

Yes…the Sayres' message, the cold harsh reality of what the ICW would face if they continued on this path looked like it was well and truly received.

The Unspeakable looked irritated for a moment but he answered anyway "The magical residue left behind does not bear the marks of any arithmantic traces we know. Spells are created using arithmancy, wand movements made to bind magical energies to cause the effect that is calculated out and thus these magical energies have properties, definitions that have built upon and reused in other spells as wand movements were adapted and adopted and altered in the creation of a new spell but each new spell still carries the inheritances of other spells, so much so that nearly all the spells we use can be linked to a hundred other and different spells.

Even the most obscure or darkest of magicks have definitions that can be observed to be linked to many well known neutral or light magic." The Unspeakable paused for a second "This is the basis of our modern magic" he said, his expression graver as he continued once more.

"The reason why we're not certain what was used is because what we have found is far older than modern magic." The Unspeakable said and Cihan could sense that whatever they found disturbed the man greatly.

"Well?" Holtz, the German Mugwump demanded impatiently "You must have a theory at least!"

The Chief Unspeakable stared down at the German Mugwump with a contemptuous look before his expression settled into a neutral look. "The traces…they bear similarities to the magic employed at Mannheim in 1943." The Unspeakable stared directly at the German Mugwump who paled and sat back down, his form slumping.

Cihan leaned back in his chair, the volume within the chamber rising with fear seeping in their collective voices, his own thoughts immensely troubled at what the Unspeakable was suggesting.

"What magic?" he heard one of the Mugwumps say, possibly the Singaporean Mugwump, and the Unspeakable uttered the words that would shake an already shaken group.

"Atlantean Magicks"

The rise in volume was avalanche like, a racing wash of noise that he forcefully drowned out. Everything for the ICW was shifting towards into an even bleaker trajectory. Reminded coldly of who it was they had set themselves against.

The very man who defeated the other man infamously known for his knowledge of Atlantean magicks. It was bad enough that Grindelwald had gotten his hands to a few remnants of Atlantean magic let alone actually being capable of using it but now…

Cihan's expression turned dim, a shadow almost draping his face as he looked around the chambers, his gaze catching the Bulgarian Mugwump staring at the Unspeakable with an intense unblinking look before Cihan looked away as arguments poured around him.

It was not hard to understand. Why it had come to this stage.

A man, an Archmage, they alienated almost from the moment he rid the world of Grindelwald. A man they had forced into exile from his homeland with their conspirers in Britain and a man whose home they threatened to destroy.

Because of fear. Because of hubris. Because they felt threatened.

Made to feel threatened.

Atticus Sayre, from a certain viewpoint, was just as radical as Grindelwald…and just as charming. Even as a child, the man was known for his strange opinions that were riveting and considered by those willing to listen to the child prodigy, viewpoints that were in opposition to those of many powerful nations and individuals, and soon the belief that a man such as that could not be enticed to fall in line with the established order had been made into fact that nearly all believed.
A belief that Cihan did not think wrong but he thought it was twisted.

Still, in truth, had such beliefs not made popular, he imagined the possibility of Sayre's 'subversion' of the ICW itself a chance far greater than anyone would like to admit.

Sayre had that pull, that ability to inspire loyalty in all kinds of wizards and witches.

Illos was a prime of example of this, mudbloods and purebloods from all kinds of backgrounds that had no right to live in such harmony, as neighbours without problems if the stories were to be believed.

Cihan's eyes hardened and he looked upon the Persian Mugwump who seemed to be in an intense conversation with the Kurdish Mugwump, and it wasn't long before their eyes clicked.

Despite the best attempts of the ICW to uphold the status quo and the established order, Illos with its leaders made change across the magical world inevitable and…

Moments passed before the Persian nodded almost invisibly but enough for Cihan to understand that yes…this was the final straw for him…and others in their alliance.

Cihan's broke away his gaze and looked upon the rest of the chambers. Change would have to be welcomed lest they all be swept away by the winds of change wrought by an impossible storm.

The Supreme Mugwump had gotten things under control and it wasn't long until the unpleasant voice of the Norwegian Mugwump coursed through the chambers.

"It is an act of war" The Norwegian Mugwump fumed and the sounds of disapproval rang around the chambers and the Norwegian Mugwump swivelled around staring at the discontents "We must ready ourselves for a war now. It is clear that this will not end until they are defeated and broken!"

Cihan looked at the man contemptuously.

Norway since the war ended had grown into a purist haven, extreme in its beliefs.

Beliefs that were spat at by the Sayres and their discoveries on the origin of magic just as they did so now with the creation of Illos that had anyone with magic as equals, regardless of heritage. To say an enmity existed with the Norwegians and the Sayre family was an understatement and it was a vicious enmity that was always going to result in the Norwegians demanding heavy actions against the Sayres, especially after Norway was one of the worst affected by the economic crisis of '48.

Of course, Cihan believed that they were also keen for the ICW to weaken itself with a war that undoubtedly would cost massive amounts of ICW resources, enough to loosen its grip across Europe that Norway – or more likely the Ravenites wanted.

With Norway's 'protection' by the Raven – a man disturbingly rumoured to be an Archmage in his own right – and Norway's drive towards the extreme end of purist beliefs, a weakened ICW is absolutely the last thing he or his government wanted.

Not when it would mean the Ravenites would have much greater free reign to spread their influence across Europe.

"We do not know if they are responsible!" the Spanish Mugwump said and the Norwegian Mugwump laughed bitterly as he stared contemptuously at the woman who continued despite the look "And even if they are…" she said, her voice low "If this is what they are capable of without us noticing…what else would they be able to spring on us?" she asked, voicing out the concerns that many in the chambers held

"So we would let them get away with murdering hundreds of our people?!" the Norwegian Mugwump posed angrily at the Spanish Mugwump.

'As if you care a single iota' Cihan mused as he watched silently.

"Of course not!" the Spanish Mugwump said defensively before she glared angrily at the man "Such acts cannot go unanswered however we cannot afford to react brazenly as we have done in the past few months!" and that inspired further arguments amongst the two Mugwumps.

The Supreme Mugwump silenced both of them and moved things forward for the Brazilian Mugwump to speak. "If the Sayres are responsible…and it is likely that they have…war is inevitable" The Brazilian Mugwump raised his hand, silencing the approvals and the disapprovals.

"Whether or not their attack carries a hint of justification, whether or not it is wrong, the fact remains…We. Were. Attacked." The Brazilian Mugwump said with an outstretched finger.

"Such a thing can never go unanswered lest we destroy the credibility of this organisation." The Brazilian Mugwump said, his expression heavy "Even if we are to combat with the most powerful wizard alive."

This generated a wave of arguments, arguments mostly driven by fear and anger and irrationality and Cihan drowned the pointless conversation that would lead to nowhere. He knew that there would not be an overwhelming consensus for one way or the other, not without the certainty that war was all but unavoidable.

His gaze fell on Boutros, who, for once, was as silent as a mute, his expression
almost lost and it was one that washed away substantial amount of the irritation.

It was no secret that Boutros had close affiliation with the IA and rumours were rife of his involvement in the sudden shifts in stances of many Mugwumps.

With the IA, Boutros had become a powerful voice against the Sayres and Illos, one that edged the ICW towards war with Illos especially after that warrant was signed.

Without them…his blood in the water could be tasted miles away by all.

Enemies…and allies alike.

The lull of silence drew him out of his thoughts and he realised the Vietnamese Mugwump stopped speaking, his gaze, just like all of the other gazes, falling towards the flying paper bird that headed towards the Supreme Mugwump.

It was highly unusual for an emergency assembly, let alone any session, to be interrupted and silence reigned as all waited with bated breaths. The old Supreme Mugwump plucked the paper from the air and read the parchment, his caterpillar like brows furrowing before deepening and deepening in a clear look of heavy concern.

He finally looked up and the Supreme Mugwump looked uneasy, something that increased the tension in the room "the King and Queen of Illos are waiting outside the steps with an army of a thousand mages." The Supreme Mugwump said and Cihan's eyes widened dramatically just as chaos erupted in the chambers.

Waiting? He wondered, his mind a whirl.

How did they even bypass the war-wards without anyone knowing?!

The areas around the ICW headquarters were some of the most powerful wards in existence that could contend even with the most powerful wards centred on converging leylines he wondered as demanding questions were howled out.

"Why are they here?!"

"They must be defeated!"

"We must leave!"

"Where are the Aurors?! They must defend us!"

"Arrest them, kill them all!"

"SILENCE" the Supreme Mugwump boomed out, his hammer slamming down, a wave of magic deadened the noise within the chambers.

The Supreme Mugwump rounded towards those who had left their seats, his gaze pinning them still "If you leave, you will be held in contempt of this emergency session with severe penalties attached."

The Supreme Mugwump narrowed his eyes as he gestured to the Aurors within the chambers "I implore that you return to your seats. Now." The Supreme Mugwump said in a commanded tone, one that almost was growled out and after a few tense moments with angry looks at the Aurors and the Supreme Mugwump himself, they returned to their seats.

The Supreme Mugwump looked angrily across the chambers "I will not have you incite panic and chaos when cooler heads must prevail."

The Supreme Mugwump breathed out heavily before he continued, the parchment held high in the air as he looked around the chambers "According to our Aurors, they appeared suddenly just outside market district, all of them all at once. By the time the bulk of our Aurors assembled, they were already in sight of headquarters."

"It should be impossible" the Swiss Mugwump said gravely amidst a steady volume of disbelieving murmurs and looks "They should not be able to bypass the wards. Especially not after the war-wards were raised after the disappearance of the IA."

"Unfortunately, it seems that our visitors continue to pull off the impossible." The Supreme Mugwump said heavily as he looked upon the Assembly.

"And?" the Polynesian Mugwump questioned gravely amidst disquieted murmurs, the tension in the room on the brink of spilling. The Auror division stationed in Alexandria was in the thousands, some two thousand last he knew.

Was this the start of another wizarding war? He wondered grimly.

The Supreme Mugwump looked at the man "Briefly there was combat. When they arrived. Combat that the Illosians ended when they subdued the few dozen Aurors on duty." A great few shifted uncomfortably before the Supreme Mugwump continued "Thankfully Director Konstanz prevented escalation and the return of the Aurors in exchange for delivering the message as to why they were here."

The room was as silent as a grave and the Supreme Mugwump did not delay any further. "The message they have relayed is that they are here to negotiate a peaceful solution to the frayed relationship between Illos and the wider magical world."

Cihan's eyebrows raised but before he could think on it, the Supreme Mugwump continued "Director Konstanz has also confirmed to me that he has witnessed them swear the oath of parlay" the Supreme Mugwump said to the surprise of many and Cihan could see that some wore contemplative looks.

The oath of parlay was an ancient oath, one that predates nearly all forms of magical governance when tribes of mages came together under such an oath of parlay to settle blood feuds, slights or enter negotiations for alliances.

It was a practice that stems from the ancient times, during the height of power of the ancient kingdoms of Egypt and Sumer when rivalry between the Sorcerer-Priests was at its heights and it was adopted by many magical clans from East to West over the next two to three thousand years.

Cihan couldn't honestly recall any time that it might have been used in the past half century…perhaps not even in the last hundred years.

"One that the Director has reciprocated and has honour bound the rest of the ICW to parlay as well." This hadn't gone down as well but no one raised their voice against it.

Despite everything, no one wanted to be known as breaking something rooted in their cultures and sacred as an oath of parlay.

The Supreme Mugwump looked a little disbelieving when he spoke again "Including the negotiation of the return of hundreds of IA agents captured in their assault of what they call a 'rogue' organisation."

This surprised many and many had equally disbelieving looks on their face, Cihan included. It was hard to believe anyone could have survived whatever happened there. But then, they barely had any real idea of what might have actually happened.

Curious though, he thought as he narrowed his eyes. Rogue organisation? Cihan mused the term in his mind and considered the phrasing.

Was that the angle they were going for? He looked around and saw that more than a few were equally considering that perhaps this was an option that they needed to take.

Noise rose again and a fixed look from the Supreme Mugwump silenced them.

The Chinese Mugwump floated forward in his box "They claim to want to negotiate" The Chinese Mugwump stated blankly "With an army outside our gates?" The Chinese Mugwump said with a shake of the head, the implications clear and obvious to anyone.

"They destroyed an ICW building, captured hundreds of our people in an act of war."

"And this Assembly imposed sanctions on their country and passed a bill that placed an international warrant on the heads of their sovereigns." The Indian Mugwump said harshly "That in itself can be considered an act of war."

"Whose side are you on?!" one of the Mugwumps shouted from across the room, murmurs of agreement ringing through the Assembly.

"On the side of rationality." The Indian Mugwump said with a sternness that seemed iron resolute "A side that we all should be on" The Indian Mugwump gestured towards the Assembly "Instead of the side of rhetoric that this body has allowed to invade these sacred halls of international cooperation." The Indian Mugwump said meaningfully, clearly referring to the warmongering and flip-flopping that had pervaded the ICW ever since Illos made itself known.

The Indian Mugwump looked around the room "Honoured Mugwumps, we are on a dangerous precipice at this moment in time. We have seen that they have access to the kinds of magic that could wipe out entire nations and we have seen their willingness to use it if pushed!" The Indian Mugwump said with a raised voice.

"We cannot afford this to escalate any further than it already has!"

The Mugwump looked at the German Mugwump with disdain in his eyes.

"Lest we find ourselves truly at war with an enemy that may make the war with Grindelwald seem like a playground squabble" the Indian Mugwump said as his box seat returned to its place.

The arguments went on for some time, those who wanted the Aurors to act and those who wanted to enter these negotiations and only after assurances were given by the Chief Unspeakable that the protections within the enchanted chambers were absolute, was there consensus to hear out the Illosians.

The Indian Mugwump placed a motion forward to suspend the warrant on the Sayres as a gesture of goodwill, one that he claimed would signal their intent of genuine negotiations to end this crisis and it passed easily though far from unanimous.

Unsurprisingly the Bulgarian Mugwump had abstained from the voting and Cihan knew that it wasn't because of a lack of interest – Cullaica had been paying attention to everything and he hadn't failed to notice his visible interest in Atlantean magicks – but once more he was disturbed at the lack of action by the man…or his leader.

It wasn't long before the heavy twin doors opened, two dozen of ICW aurors entering first and Cihan was struck by the visage of their guests.

Two guards clad in silver grey armour from head to toe stood on either side of the Sayres, who were dressed in equally militant armour though of different hues. They looked daunting in truth, not only by what they wore but in their presence and in the way they looked at the assembly.

Atticus Sayre looked like nothing like he remembered, the curious boy that grew to a passionate young man replaced by a man of cold authority, his dimly aglow eyes sweeping across the chambers with a naked danger that was tangible.

The look of the Slytherin Lady wasn't much better, her beauty a dangerous allure though nothing could hide the calculating glint in her eyes as she watched with a predatory gaze.

There was absolute silence as they arrived at the centre of the chambers, the sounds of their boots stopping and the closing thunk of the heavy twin doors the last semblance of noise in an otherwise silent chambers.

They looked like conquerors in truth and it was a feeling that permeated throughout the chambers like a harsh and chilling breeze.

One of the guard's helm slid away as smoothly as a falling curtain "Presenting His and Her Majesties, King and Queen of Illos and the Illosian peoples, His Grace the King Atticus Sayre and Her Majesty the Queen Emily Sayre" the guard enthused, his zeal easily sensed as he spoke.

"King and Queen Sayre" The Supreme Mugwump said diplomatically, his voice calm as he spoke "I would say welcome to these hallowed chambers however we both know such words would sound hollow." The Supreme Mugwump said with a keen stare.

The Queen smiled though her eyes were as cold as frozen coal "I agree." She said and the tension grew and the feeling of unease stronger. "Perhaps in time when we're not considered such dangers to the magical world by this esteemed body, such welcomes would not ring hollow." she said, her smile turning razor sharp, her eyes darker, and somehow the tension felt like it was suffused with an edge of darkness to it.

Cihan watched the assembled Mugwumps shift uneasily in their seats, the wary looks on their faces making it clear they would be anywhere else if they could manage it. "Isn't that why you're here today?" Cihan decided to ask, drawing attentions to himself as he stared at them with keen eyes.

"To not only resume some form of normalisation of relations before this escalates into a war that benefits no one but to also make clear you have no designs on the magical world like Grindelwald may have had?" Cihan questioned.

The Slytherin Lady smiled at Cihan and he almost thought he could see a hint of amusement in her eyes before it was smothered away. "Just so." She said with the incline of the head.

"Your claim about our people's survival." Boutros interjected, his eyes fixated on the Sayres as he paused for a moment "Are you willing to provide proof?" Boutros asked, his tone far more reserved than it had been for months.

"Unfortunately…there were a few casualties." This caused displeased murmurs and uneasy shifting within the chambers "Of course, we are willing to compensate the ICW with a million galleons for each of the twenty six casualties to dispense as they wish." Cihan's eyebrows raised. Twenty six million galleons was no little amount and the rest of the Assembly understood the message of Illos' wealth quite clearly.

"Of course, that is if the negotiations as successful" Sayre said with unblinking before he seamlessly continued "We will release several junior agents after this meeting regardless of outcomes with a vow that they have not been tampered with before, during or after their capture." Atticus Sayre said, his voice reaching the very ends of the halls with seeming ease, his eyes intently on Boutros.

"That should suffice in confirming the survival of the rest of the two hundred fify men." Atticus Sayre paused, his eyes hardening as he stared unblinkingly at Boutros. "Of course, we couldn't resist scraping off the seven tipped moss off of the organisation."

Atticus Sayre said, his face barely moving as he spoke "It was a good thing too…it seemed like it was growing out of control" Boutros' expression turned bleak as Sayre spoke and after what seemed like an age, Boutros nodded grimly as he leaned back.

Cihan narrowed his eyes, the hidden conversation between the two men not escaping his notice. Seven tipped moss? He wondered. He'd have to inquire what that meant.

Atticus Sayre looked around the Assembly, his cool eyes traipsing across the chambers with the touch of an arctic breeze "Despite the tense nature of our arrival, we are here for diplomacy. This should prove our willingness to partake in it."

"Yet you have an army" the Italian Mugwump said with narrowed eyes "Outside this building. If you wanted to negotiate, you could have come through the proper channels." Even the Italian Mugwump didn't believe his own words, let alone those within the chambers.

"Could we have?" Atticus Sayre mused, his voice strangely philosophical as he placed his arms behind his back, his eyes sweeping across the chambers with a measured calm.

"From the moment my people returned to the magical world, the hostility of those within these chambers has been profound. You have isolated us, you have sanctioned us, threatened any that might wish to establish friendly relations with us and you have placed warrants on my wife and I, a warrant most typically reserved for criminals with a murder list as long as a forearm or most recently actual Dark Lords." Sayre paused momentarily as he fixed his gaze onto the Italian Mugwump.

"We might be idealistic but we are no fools. When peace is denied to us…" Sayre's face looked as if it was etched in stone as he trailed off, the weight of the air growing heavier, a tangible feeling of ominousness rising.

"No one denies you peace" the Ugandan Mugwump began, cutting through the suffocating tension with his smooth deep voice.

'Not after they so ably demonstrated the consequences of what it would mean to oppose them' Cihan mused as the Ugandan Mugwump, Dembe, continued "At least that was not the intent of this body." Dembe paused for a moment as he eyed the Sayres carefully "You must understand. The…circumstances of your disappearance has left significant impact on the magical world.

Even now, the loss of entire creature reserves, especially dragon reserves, have created scarcity that is impacting at societal level. That along with the pull of your wealth from banks all across Europe have made this body more…zealous" the Ugandan Mugwump said delicately as he paused for half a second before he continued "…than they should have been."

Cihan wanted to smile in amusement despite the tense situation. It was an artful misrepresentation of the main reasons why the ICW was so keen to 'punish' Illos.

Of course the economic impact of the Sayres' financial terrorism was not to be understated but it was hardly the main reason for the stance the ICW as an organisation was taking.

"Of course." Atticus Sayre said with a magnanimous smile "I can understand the…zealotry that could be inspired from such unfortunate happenstance. Of course, it was the best option available at the time." Atticus said, his smile widening though it lost its magnanimity and the smile looked like it was forged out of braided steel

"After all, the only other option was to stay and…protect my family's legacy and safety." Sayre's eyes were two pieces of solidified pieces of refractive volcanic glass "I doubt that would have been an option preferred to have been made into reality." Sayre said with a cold smile.

"No, I imagine not." Dembe said with an inclined head, his eyes never leaving Atticus Sayre's gaze "Then perhaps such sensible thinking of acting in the interest of a greater good may prove to be fortuitous for both of the ICW and Illos."

Sayre's smile lost some of its coldness as the man inclined his head slightly "That would be my hope as well. Shedding magical blood has never aligned with my beliefs. It is a tragedy when it becomes unavoidable." Sayre looked around the Assembly, his eyes roving throughout the room.

"It is my hope that we can come to an amicable solution to our quandary, honourable Mugwumps. We once fought together against the forces of a Dark Lord for the sake of the magical world." Sayre extended his arms slightly

"Let us come to together once more to solve a difficult problem that need not exist." Sayre said, his tone diplomatic, his expression gentler.

The tension in the room lessened until an unpleasant voice filled the chambers "…And why should we agree?" Cihan almost drew in a breath as his head swivelled towards the source of the grating voice. Cullaica was leaning forward, his disturbing eyes fixated onto the Sayres.

"Your nation…" Cullaica's smile was a twisted one "Is impressive, to be sure, just as perhaps your unique knowledge in ancient magicks is but… all of that is a drop" Cullaica's limp hand swept lazily towards the assembly of Mugwumps "compared to the number of wizards this body can call up."

Cullaica's mauve eyes shone unnaturally as his grin seemed to split his face, practically relishing at the drastic increase in tension. "No matter what kind of magic you can call up, no matter if no one can match you in power…" Cullaica's smile turned dark "Even giants can topple under the wounds of a thousand cuts."

A hush descending upon the Assembly and Cihan almost feel the bated breaths that were held, waiting on the response

"You're not wrong." The Slytherin Lady said nonchalantly, her tone giving off the signs that she was unaffected by the aggressive meanings of Cullaica's words.

She eyed Cullaica with bored half-lidded eyes "Do you fancy yourself as David, Mugwump Cullaica? The plucky little man with his mysterious God by your side?" her words were mocking but her tone carried a dangerous edge to it and Cullaica's expression tightened.

She continued "A war with the ICW would be difficult to win, true and perhaps you may even get lucky with harming one or both of us" her smile was venomous, her eyes slightly aglow with a darkness that seemed to suck out all life, all brightness around her, a haze of blackness surrounding her with the tenderness of shadow touches "Doubtful as it may be." She said uncaringly as she tilted slightly to Cullaica, Atticus Sayre looking on with a hint of amusement in his expression, unaffected as he stood with his arms behind his back, perfectly content to let his wife do the talking.

"Of course" her smile widened into a grin, a challenging grin that raised the hairs on the back of his neck. "Should this escalate into war, we will simply hunt down all those who voted for war first."

Silence filled the chambers, disbelieving looks set upon the Slytherin Lady.

Her eyes hardened into coal black crystals as she set them onto Cullaica, who lost his boredom, who lost his manic look and seemed almost mad with seriousness.

She broke away her gaze and set her black eyes on the rest of the Assembly.

"The nations whose representatives voted for war shall be the first who feel the wrath of our people, of our magic" her eyes shone with a violent gleam "of my magic" she said, a waft of dark magic rippling out of her, magic that seemed to contort and pull at the fabric of reality with violent delight.

"No mercy shall be given, no appeasement will be accepted." She circled back to Cullaica "Each and every flock and their leader shall be ripped from life with a vengeance that shall serve a warning to future generations."

Cihan could see Cullaica's eyes widen for a fraction of a second before he regained control over his expression and the disturbed man leaned back into his chair, with a hint of a smirk before his expression turned blank and gave nothing away.

She returned her gaze to the Assembly "That is Illos' promise. Disbelieve it at your peril."

Silence reigned as the meaning of her threat settled on all of them.

"Of course, that is if we fail to reach an agreement and war becomes inevitable." Atticus Sayre broke the heavy silence with an unsettling calm, as if the threat issued by his wife was equivalent to a lazy observation about mild weather.

"So…honoured Mugwumps…shall we begin negotiations?" Sayre said with a hard look and hours went by and as hours turned to days as terms of peace and treaties were discussed and considered and dismissed before finally a series of treaties were signed, treaties that bound both Illos and the ICW to a kind of cold relationship, no one was under the illusion that the treaties would only hold until the equation had changed for it to tilt in the others' favour.

War…war was averted yet he grimly wondered if the price had been worth paying from the way he'd seen Cullaica conversing with some of the more concerned Mugwumps after the negotiations ended. He did not like a future where Cullaica and his ilk bore prominence in the halls of power.

He only hoped that it was a baseless fear. He hoped that with every inch of his soul.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Queen Elizabeth II POV

"Phillip?" she called out a little drowsily as she stretched herself out with her eyes closed. Her hand went towards his side of the bed and she realised he was still there.

Odd she thought as she blinked her eyes open. She thought she heard someone move in their bedroom. She turned towards him and saw him still asleep though his breathing was shallow. "Phillip?" she tried again as she touched his cheek.

"He won't wake." She heard her say and a chill ran down her spine, a chill that dashed away any drowsiness and she felt like she was dipped in ice, so much so that her breathing ceased.

She felt almost mechanical as she turned around and saw her sitting in a chair across from her bed, her legs crossed with what looked to be a sword draped by a piece of cloth. She looked nonchalant, almost bored as she fixed Elizabeth with a bored look.

"Elizabeth" the witch said with a nonchalant manner, her bored expression cracking as into mocking smile "It's been a while." She said conversationally and Elizabeth snapped out of her haze and she grabbed the silken sheets and covered herself, sparing a glance at her husband who still remained asleep.

"Not even a gunshot next to his ear would wake him." She said with a nonchalant manner, almost reading her mind of what she was thinking despite its pointlessness.

She turned back to the woman.

She also knew it was pointless to try and scream. She knew that the witch would have made it impossible for anything, even a dog, to hear her screams beyond these four walls.

"Why are you here?" she asked with a forced calm, her chin raised in a show of defiance. The witch's smile only grew wider and it felt she was being eyed by a predator, a predator playing with its food.

The thought that it was actually close to the truth rankled and terrified her in equal measure…and she was resigned to it.

The first time the witch had come had been years ago, not long after her father died, an experience that was stuck in her memory like a cancer, a dreaded helplessness that appeared in her nightmares more often than she would ever admit.

She'd turned all of her staff, all of her family, her children into marionettes, unable to move or comprehend anything that was happening. The witch even allowed her to try and wake them, much to the creature's amusement, but it was to no avail.

What was worse was after the experience of being interrogated by the woman, she could tell no one, she could not even open her mouth to try and force the words out, the abominable magic that much power over her.

Her private thoughts, her experiences, her choices, all of it was taken away by this woman's magic and she hated her for it. Only the knowledge that her children were unharmed each time the witch visited kept her from acting without control.

She would find no succour from anyone. She was likely the only normal person in all of Britain that knew of her kind. The woman told her that no one in muggle Britain knew of their society, not after they purged the knowledge away from their world.

All of her father's work was undone and now they were at the mercy of these creatures who saw them less as humans and little more than animals to be done as they pleased. Even she and her family were not spared from their cruelty.

"You're always trying to get rid me of as soon as you can." The witch said in a musing tone, one that didn't hide the cruel glint in her eyes.

Elizabeth only stared defiantly at the witch and it seemed to amuse her even further.

The witch sighed dramatically, her hand trailing across the cloth. "I suppose I might as well set you at ease. This is the last time I – or any of my kind – shall visit you or your family." She said as she picked up her gaze from the cloth and towards Elizabeth. Elizabeth looked doubtful at the witch's words.

For three years since that awful first time, the witch would come and put her under a spell that she with all of her might and will couldn't fight. A spell that made her answer anything and everything the woman asked about.

It was only last year that she was spared of the indignity of that violation and Elizabeth knew that it was only because the witch had gotten everything she wanted from her and that all of her visits since then were only made to torment her.

"Your doubt truly upsets me, dear Lilibet" the witch said with that damnable mocking smile and she wanted to hurl a vase at the creature's face.

"When have I ever lied to you?" the witch questioned with audacity and Elizabeth sent her a derisive look which made the witch's abnormally red lips twitch in amusement before she grew serious and it was a look that made Elizabeth still.

She hated that intense look, a look that made her feel small, as if she was inferior. "This time…this time, it is the truth. Our conversations are at an end, Elizabeth. That is a reason why I am here." 'a reason'.

Elizabeth resisted the urge to narrow her eyes and comported herself carefully as she stared at the witch. Moments passed when neither said anything, both of them staring at one another.

Was it truly over? Was she going to leave her be? The torment she made her go through was beyond undignified, beyond cruelty. It was abhorrent, the violation of her life, of her family's history and heritage as she knew it.

Even when she stopped prying into her private live, she never stopped to question her choices and her thoughts on the happenings in Britain and on the future of the Empire. Even now, she would have expected the woman to question on the independence of Ghana, on the recent independence of Malaysia and the other movements for independence across the Empire.

She couldn't help herself "Why?" she asked as she stared intently at the witch that could kill her with a snap of the fingers.

"You have, without fault" she said unable to mask the bitterness from sinking into her tone "visited every year since my father passed. Ignored any and all right afforded to a human being and violated me and those around me with utter cruelty and without mercy." Elizabeth couldn't help the hints of hate she felt for the woman pouring out as she held tightly onto the silken sheets.

"You enjoy it too." Elizabeth said with an angry look "You enjoy my helplessness. Why? Why would you give that up?" she asked finally, her voice somehow remaining calm.

The witch tilted her head and it was almost cat-like the way she was staring down at Elizabeth, a cold reminder that this unearthly beautiful witch was far from human despite her appearances. "I did enjoy your helplessness." The witch admitted and Elizabeth's was taken aback at the admission.

"It was…riveting, in a certain way." The witch continued, her hands folding together on top of the sword draped in cloth.

The witch didn't have to expand. They both knew the reason why she enjoyed it. Elizabeth knew the witch was a cruel thing but even then, she never harmed her physically when she had ever opportunity to do so.

No, her enjoyment with Elizabeth had come from who Elizabeth was and the rare helplessness that she was forced to accept.

"I simply have gotten all that I need from you, Elizabeth." She said matter-of-factly before she smiled in a strange way, her eyes darkening in some strange magical way she'd seen so often.

"I never thought I would say this to a living muggle" she said as her cold near black blue eyes pierced into Elizabeth, a gaze that seemed to penetrate deep enough down to her soul "But I am…grateful." The witch said with a grudging tone.

This time Elizabeth's eyes widened, her composure breaking under the admission she never thought she'd hear from the creature. The witch smiled and it was again a strange smile.

"I know. I'm just as surprised when I came to that realisation." The witch said with a musical laugh as she leaned back in her chair, her gaze sinking deep into Elizabeth's own.

"Power…" the witch began again, her tone softer and yet Elizabeth couldn't fail to notice the dangerous undertones in her voice "Power can be exerted through force or violence. Power wins wars and fear and it helps ensure survival." The witch said as her piercing gaze never wavered away from Elizabeth.

"However, power through violence and force is an inadequate substitute for when it comes to ruling." The witch paused for a moment as she eyed Elizabeth with a piercing look "I have always held power by strength and fear and awe yet I found myself truly knowing that it was not enough." She said as she stared at Elizabeth.

Elizabeth felt her heart racing as horrifying thoughts invaded her mind.

"Do not be so concerned." The witch looked amused, her startlingly red lips that looks uncomfortably to the colour of blood rising in a lopsided smile.

"I have no interest in your country." The smile fell off and a look of distaste made its way instead. Elizabeth felt a wave of relief wash over her.

The witch straightened up and sent a cruel look at Elizabeth, one that reminded Elizabeth of the monster that wore the skin of a beautiful woman.

"You should be so lucky I have no such interest, Elizabeth" the witch said in a low tone, one that seemed to raise the hairs on the back of her neck and Elizabeth struggled to stop herself from swallowing harshly.

Just as soon as the cruel look appeared, it disappeared and she continued in her unwanted tale "Through you, I learnt the value of authority granted by something greater. I learnt the importance of creating the circumstances of an authority accepted by my subordinates not because of my power but because it was bestowed upon me." The witch's smile was now terrifying, and Elizabeth felt terror creeping into her heart.

"In most instances, there should have been no reason why your monarchy survived all this time. Through Cromwell, through the revolutions, through the scandals of your uncle and through nature of your family's heritage" the witch said with a piercing look.

"Even though the British Empire is disintegrating as the years pass and the decades roll on, your monarchy seems to retain its importance as an institution. Where nearly all other monarchies have been abolished, yours has not. Where all other monarchies were seen as a relic of the past, yours is one that is cherished and considered to be an institution vital to national identity" the witch paused and the metallic chimes of her finger tapping on the sword filled the eerie silence.

"Of course, your dynasty had to make sacrifices to survive" the witch said musingly "and that in itself was useful too…the circumstances that it arose and the patterns in which it occurred."

The witch looked down at the cloth that hid the sword. "Thanks to you and that of your forefathers, you've helped me hone in what it takes to create an empire born out of authority and how to avoid that authority to be diminished"

"Why would you care?" she asked, a sinking feeling growing in her stomach as her gaze also followed towards the hidden sword. "Why would you care about authority and ruling?"

The witch looked up and met her gaze and Elizabeth was taking aback by the look. It was almost…kind. "Because I am a Queen, Elizabeth."

What?

"I am a Queen of a nation of magicals some nearly thirty thousand strong in a distant land." The witch's smile grew sharper, the glint in her eyes brighter "and soon a Queen of three nations and in time, many many more."

Elizabeth stayed silent as she stared at the woman, her mind in a frenzy as she thought of the ramifications on this woman being a Queen and honestly…it frightened her. She knew in her bones that this woman, this witch, despite never physically harming her, was evil down to her core.

The witch-Queen seemed to be amused and Elizabeth looked away from those amused eyes. "Yes…I am cruel, Elizabeth" the witch laughed and the sound felt like nails across a blackboard. "I am not a good person. I do not see good and evil in the way most people – muggle or magical do. But…" the witch trailed off musingly.

"I do see the necessity of appearing as one, at least in public and at least by those who would instead be turned away from someone like me." The witch leaned back, a contemplative look on her face "My husband does it so effortlessly, this appearance as a good man. Perhaps it's because he is, in a way, a good man even if he does not believe it." The witch looked amused for a moment as her eyes snapped to Elizabeth.

Elizabeth didn't know how to consider that this woman was married. What man could marry such a monster? No good man could marry such an evil woman, let alone love her. The witch's eyes turned cold for a brief moment and Elizabeth looked away once more from the witch's gaze, her throat feeling tight.

"You have taken what you needed. I do not need to know anything further. Leave." Elizabeth managed to say after she took a deep breath and stared down at the witch.

It seemed to only dim the coldness in the witch's gaze and her lips curled upwards. "Even when you know that you hold no power, even when you're nothing but an insect before something you could not possibly understand, you're defiant to the core."

The witch tilted her head, her eyes piercing into Elizabeth like a lioness would zero in onto a gazelle. "I wonder how long that would last if I tried."

Elizabeth's expression faltered for a moment but she kept up her hollow defiance. She knew that the witch could do terrible things. Her father had told her of the atrocities these beings were capable of. The tales of the battle between the warlord and the Sayre boy haunted her for weeks. The reports of the kinds of torture these creatures were capable of visited her dreams for months. The kinds of power these creatures had…

Truly demons of a kind.

"In any case" the witch continued after a moment's silence, mercifully changing the subject and hopefully she would leave once she was done bragging like the commoner she was. The witch removed the cloth and Elizabeth's eyes widened.

The sword – a longsword if she remembered rightly – was impressive though the pommel looked aged, almost ancient yet it looked well cared for.

"This sword…is going to be my authority." Elizabeth's eyes snapped towards the witch. The witch tilted her head in mild curiosity "Think Lilibet…what sword is known to nearly of British heritage?" the witch asked, her lips curling upward into an awful smile. No…Elizabeth thought. No, no no! "Even to those beyond these Isles?" the witch asked further, her smile now a vicious grin, a viciousness echoed by the victory that was apparent in the witch's eyes.

"No…" Elizabeth shook her head, unwilling to believe it "It's a fake!" she swivelled back towards the witch, terror gripping her heart "It cannot be real!"

The witch seemed to enjoy her despair and she looked like she was feeding off of it. "Oh but it is…it truly, wonderfully is." The witch said with a laugh, her eyes gleaming with cruel satisfaction as her hand curled around the pommel.

Her heart sank as the witch raised the sword upward and she could faint inscriptions on the blade itself "It is the real sword, the true sword of King Arthur of House Pendragon, the King of Britons. The one that my kind swore fealty and obedience to. The true King of all Magical Britons." Her eyes gleamed as she spoke out and Elizabeth understood why the evil creature was here and her heart sank at the realisation, the dreadful helplessness chained to her heart dragging it down into the abyss.

Her father had told her of the truth behind the myth, that it wasn't a myth at all. That the stories of the legendary King of Britain was true, a king cherished by the magicals in Britain and seen as someone almost equal to a saint despite his normality. Her father also told her that King Arthur was how they'd gotten the fealty of the magical world – in no small thanks to Merlin himself – in the first place as William's line was seen as the spiritual successors of the Pendragon line.

"You cannot be the heir to Pendragon's legacy." Elizabeth shook her head "That line died without issue." She said with a firmness she did not believe.

The thought of the magicals seeing this cruel creature as their Queen gripped at her heart. She would have tens of thousands of magicals at her beck and call and she feared that more than anything. Her country, her people would never be safe again.

"Oh…" The witch intoned, her sibilant tone causing shivers to run down her spine. "But I am, dear Elizabeth" the witch said with a gnawing laugh as she brought the sword down to her lap. "I am his successor's successor. My ties extend to Princess Morgana herself, a witch in her own right." She said with a victorious smile.

"I do not believe you." Elizabeth said with denial. She could not believe this woman.

"I know." The witch said easily "And it doesn't matter. Not when I have Excalibur. Not when it is bound to me." The witch leaned forward, her eyes gleaming when she spoke once more "Not when all of Magical Britain will see that sword and believe I am the rightful Queen of Avalon."

Elizabeth closed her eyes.

From what her father told her, the magicals despised that their status as their sovereigns and the oaths that bound them. Oaths that seemed to not matter anymore given that nothing she could say or do allowed her to affect this woman.

Was it because the witch was seen as the true heir to the British Isles instead of her?

She reopened her eyes and saw the witch standing, Excalibur floating the air. "What will you do to my country?" Elizabeth asked, her voice sounding far more frightened than she wanted. Logically she knew that a sword would not be enough to wretch the Crown from her family, from her.

But…this was magic. With an army of magicals who believe her to be the rightful heir to the British Crown, what violations could they not do? They could alter people's minds, she could alter entire records to falsify her lineage, some cousin found after her and her family's 'tragic death' in some accident.

She never prayed harder and more desperately than she had in this exact moment.

The witch stared her down. "Nothing." The witch said and Elizabeth couldn't help but meet the witch's gaze, immense relief filling her bones even if she knew not to trust a single word of the creature's mouth. It felt better to do so than to disbelieve it. "I have no interest in your country. Or your kind."

The witch stared Elizabeth down "Our worlds were never compatible. You would view us as demons, as creatures and my kind see you as little more than talkative and harmless chattel who look like us." The witch shook her head.

"I know better." The witch said as she looked coldly at Elizabeth. "Your kind would happily kill my kind off without a second thought if you believed you could get away with it." The witch waved the hand and Excalibur disappeared before she refocused on her.

"This is the end of our meetings Elizabeth." The witch said as she walked with graceful steps, her arms behind her back and Elizabeth stiffened as the witch leaned forward, her face closer to her, her hand hovering over Elizabeth's face.

"My gratuity to you extends this far. I will keep my world away from yours. But…" the witch's eyes darkened into a midnight black and Elizabeth felt her breath seize. "Should your kind find itself knowing of mine own world and plan to destroy it…Pray." The witch said before…

A near silent crack made her jump in fright, confusion on her face as she felt herself tremble for seemingly no reason excepting that terrible grip on her heart.

"Elizabeth?" she heard her husband call out confused.

He turned towards her and looked at her for a moment before he sat up immediately and place his hands on her shoulders. "Hey, hey, hey. You're shaking." Philip said in a concerned voice. "What's the matter?"

Elizabeth didn't know what was wrong and it took a few more minutes until she calmed down and she felt safe in his arms. "It was just a bad dream" she finally said, willing to attribute the terrible feeling to a nightmare mercifully forgotten and she closed her, her hands falling together in a prayer. "Just a bad dream…" she whispered, her hands firmly held tight together.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

21st​ of August, 1957 – Illos, The Saccas Public Library

Gaius Volusenus Hardy POV

He wore a heavy frown as he read the passages again and again, the difficult and rather archaic English language used to describe the effects of magical suppression finally getting through his mind.

He turned towards the other book on radiation, reading the relevant paragraphs before turning towards his notebook and wrote down his notes and thoughts.

He had a lot of them all the time.

In lessons, at home, even in the field playing Threepeller or Quidditch, his mind would wander and make strange connections from the barest of threads sometimes figuratively miles apart and he would be almost compelled to chase those connections until he could solve them or could find answer to them.

And in such a chasing, he was here in the library, alone and with books sprawled all around him, seeking to find a solution to a thought that popped into his mind a few days ago.

Magical suppression was a misnomer.

All books on the phenomenon that suppressed people's magic highlighted it as 'constricting the flow of magical energies within the body' but Gaius didn't think that was right…no, it was more like magic being absorbed away.

Magic was a form of energy, a strange and somewhat alive form of energy that existed throughout the world and the universe. But an energy nonetheless.

A constant form of energy that magicals and other magical beings and animals were able to use in some way or another, in some degree or another.

And that meant that it was not unlike other forms of energy, like electromagnetic radiation. Like other forms of energy that existed in all kinds of different wavelengths of energy.

He had read a few months ago in the Astronomy Journals about the findings of their stargazing in 'star-forming regions' where they determined that stellar gases were very good absorbers of energy, of radiation.

Whilst that was fascinating, it wasn't struck at him, no, what struck at him was the idea of black bodies – a phenomenon that described the absorption of all wavelengths of energy and radiates at all wavelengths – and he begun to think that there was a good chance that magical suppression behaved a bit like black bodies, that magical energies were being emitted out of the bound individual instead of their magic being suppressed.

Most handcuffs or similar kinds of artefacts were highly restricted so he couldn't really study the runes that were etched but he did know that one key rune was 'Nauthiz' which symbolises restriction but runes were not black and white despite their meanings being fixed.

It mattered how you used them, the sequence in which you used them. It could mean necessity, conflict or endurance in the right sequence.

Plus…restriction in a certain context could also mean limit. A limit of their usable magic where the excess beyond what they might need is radiated away into the ambient environment much like how energy from a solar body is radiated away into space.

And if his instinct was right, then that also meant that there may be observable differences between the individual's magic and the magic that is being emitted away from the individual. Different wavelengths of magic.

And if that is the case…

Then it might even be possible to harness the different wavelengths of magic in interesting waves. Human magic and other magical beings and creatures were fundamentally different. They all had different frequencies and wavelengths of magical energies and it allowed them to do things that were unique to their kind.

But…

If magical suppression runes did indeed radiate away magical energies instead of suppressing it like some kind of electromagnetic field…

Then it could potentially change so much of what they could with magic, he thought excitedly as he wrote down arithmantic expressions of magical energy field theories and time seemed to fly past as he read and wrote unaware of the world around him.

"Gaius, time to go home" Mrs Kovac said gently and he looked up from his book.

"Already?" he asked a little surprised before he flicked his fingers and the time showed to be almost eight thirty in the evening.

"Circe, I wish I had your retention of attention." She said a little laughingly.

He turned towards the librarian, a little embarrassed as he scratched his head with one hand and the other closing the book "It's nothing special, it's just my home has always been busy so you kind of had to learn how to tune out the world" he said.

Really, learning how to create silence bubbles wandlessly was one of the first tricks he learnt. Of course Livia and the others would learn to work around it annoyingly.

Her expression turned disapproving "If your brother is as much a rascal at home as he is in here, I'm not surprised." She shook her head "Honestly."

Gaius awkwardly laughed as he stood up. He thought it a little unfair, calling his brother a rascal. Yes, Fortie tended to be louder and more liberal with the way he interpreted spell restrictions in the practice chambers but he didn't break the rules.

Well, not that she knew anyway. If she knew of Fortie's attempts at the more dangerous and restricted cursed fires she'd finally have the justification to ban him.

"Anyway" she said with a smile "I have sent your mother a note just so she's aware you stayed until closing."

He opened his hands, the soothing feeling of his magic at his command, willing to act as he commanded and it so when his fingers curled and closed.

Books and items he owned flew into his bag with practiced accuracy and ease and he looked at the librarian with a slightly forced smile as he thought long-sufferingly on the…unwanted favours she did for his mother. His mother and Mrs Kovac knew each other – well everyone knew everyone really – and had always sent his mother message notes if he stayed late in the library.

She did the same about Fortie when he 'misbehaved' but the only thing it did was make Fortie even more difficult. Mrs Kovac learnt not to speak to their mother about Fortie about the fourth time he messed about with the indexing of books.

To be fair to Fortie, he'd matured a lot more recently too – it kind of looked like the good behaviour might actually stick too especially given what Fortie wanted to do – and it had ages since he last been a 'problem' but Gaius guessed that she would always hold a slight grudge.

"Thank you Mrs Kovac" he said politely as he slung his bag over his shoulder "I'll see you tomorrow" he said quickly as he hastily walked past her.

"Oh! Alright dear. May Magic guide you your way home!" she said to him with a stretching voice and soon enough he was out of the door.

He took the closest Subgate to the northern side of Celestis city and it wasn't long before he was walking up the snaking road that nestled in between the rolling hills of his neighbourhood though he walking with a mind that was adrift, afloat on a barge of sea made of ideas and questions.

He was in his third year at the Pandrosion and soon he'd need to make a decision about what he wanted to pursue. Well, he could always make a change later of course but he knew that once he made his choice he'd stick with it. It was just…making that choice that was so hard. He sighed as he kicked a loose stone.

Some of his siblings and his other classmates had long ago decided, even confirmed their choices with Tasseography, the divination skill of identifying symbols and interpreting messages found in shapes and configurations of tea leaves, with a little help from Marisa who was very talented in Divination.

He had made his sister promise not to look into his future, going as far as making her promise with their childhood way of promising each other – which was worth despite the mild embarrassment – and she promised not to tell anyone but he hadn't missed her refraining from committing to not look in the first place. At least he could live with only Marisa knowing, he thought to himself.

It seemed like the Office of Magical Innovation and Technology and the Office of Biology and Chemistry were making ground breaking discoveries every day.

In magic. In science. In everything!

Even in clothes discoveries and innovation was being made. He looked down at his Losi shirt before he raised his hand and his sleeves turned hardened and harder than steel itself.

It was made out of crystalline silk and able to resist most medium kinds of spells without even having to charm them or en-rune them. It could even protect you from the harshness of space for ages and the more expensive ones could even siphon magic to fuel the duplication and growth of tiny molecules of some kind of algae that would keep you sustained in the worst of circumstances!

They were pretty much everywhere now.

Gaius shook his head as he remembered the Look Fabulous adverts of clothes that pretty much protect someone across space all the way to the Moon.

His most favoured discovery that he was amazed by was just figured out last month and it was brilliant in its simplicity. Mist!

They figured out a way of plant cultivation using mist!

Mist!

They figured out a way to grow plants without the use of soil through the study of how plants absorb nutrients and from that, they were able to create a nutrient rich environment that was incredibly humid and the vegetables like turnips and carrots and even fruits like strawberries were able to be grown in this kind of environment.

Gaius thought it was so brilliant, the way they did it.

And it wasn't even new magic or technology really either. Just a new idea!

Just as the environment was regulated with the climate and weather control magical array, the air was circulated through an enchantment that cycled and recycled water rich air.

And he wanted to be part of it, all of it, but he didn't know how he could do that. Everyone could go into anything as long as they were smart enough for it but Gaius hadn't known anyone who could be part of any kind of innovation or research.

He breathed out moodily as he put his hands in his pockets, the lights of his home drawing ever closer. Maybe he should just do what his siblings were doing and just choose one field. Or maybe just become an independent researcher.

He didn't have to work in the Offices. There were plenty of independent people who were making their own research but they were either doing it for their businesses or they were doing to sell their ideas to the Offices.

He didn't really want a business but the second way of doing things probably was a good option. But he wasn't really sure if he wanted to do it that way.

His shoulders slumped a little.

Maybe he should just join the Illosian Guards like Fortie was going to do. He wasn't the best at combat magic but he was pretty powerful, more so than even Fortie.

No…he sighed. It would be a bad choice. He would hate it the moment he joined.

Fortie was a natural born leader – the amount of times he'd gotten the entire class to participate in mischief… – and someone who was born to be a hero like Hercules from the game Hercules' Twelve Impossible Tasks.

Gaius…was not that.

He shook his head clear as he arrived on the porch and made his way into the home.

He half hearted greeted his siblings, congregated as they were in the living room watching some drama on the Screen, equally half heartedly in greeting him, and he made his way up to the stairs.

"Gaius! Is that you?!" he heard his mother shout from the kitchen and he sighed as he turned around and descended back down towards the kitchen.

His eyes widened before he ducked just in time, funnily enough, beneath a stuffed duck that was flying around in the air. It wasn't the only thing flying about. Eggs, flour, vegetables, fruits and sauces were like an angry bunch of hornets buzzing around in the kitchen, the sounds of his mother softly humming an upbeat tune ringing quite nicely as she stood by the stove.

"Mama" he called, a little frazzled and she stopped her humming as she turned around.

"Ah, Gaius!" she said with a beaming smile and he looked at her a little oddly. She was always usually a little snippy when he came late. And just in general by the time it was evening. He eyed the small pot of cream cheese that was whizzing around passed him with wariness before he looked at his mother again.

His mother flicked her wand and the food set back on the counter and he breathed a silent breath of relief. She brought her hands together and she twirled her wand a little, a brief flicker of magic drying and cleaning her hands away. "There was a letter for you" his mother said, tucking her wand away before she walked towards her cloak draped over a chair.

"Oh." Gaius said, a little confused. "From school?"

It wasn't time for reports yet, was it?

"No, silly. You know it's not time for those reports yet" his mother said with a laugh in her voice. She stood straight back up, a letter in her hand and a…proud smile?

"I haven't read it" his mother said as she walked over to him, her hand outstretched with the letter in hand "I was very very tempted though."

Gaius took the letter and his eyes boggled when he realised the seal on the letter and his head snapped towards his mother "I-is it really…"

"Yes darling" his mother said with a wide smile "It's really from him. His secretary confirmed it on the Holo."

Gaius carefully opened the letter and read it, his eyes sweeping across the paper with ever growing surprise…and excitement. "Well, what is it?" his mother asked with urgency behind her voice.

"It's an invitation." Gaius said a little numb as he handed over the letter to his mother. An invitation to hear the King speak of an opportunity.

"Oh Gaius!" his mother said as she barrelled into him and somehow managing to lift him off of his feet despite the fact she was about thirty pounds lighter and a head smaller. "You have to take it!" his mother said as she stopped hugging him though she didn't let him go as she seized onto his shoulders, an intense look in her eyes.

"Mama, we don't even know what it is yet." Gaius said a little exasperated. There were no specifics after all.

"Bah!" his mother exclaimed as she let go and waved it off "If the King offers something, you have to take it! And you know the King never offers anything terrible, why, it would solve your terrible indecisiveness in one swell swoop!"

That…that was true. If the opportunity was something he liked. He looked over his shoulder a little sneakily and realised that they were still alone and he felt a hint of relief. He looked back at his mother, a serious expression on his face "Mama…don't tell anyone yet. I…I don't want anyone to know yet." He said a little uneasily.

His mother stopped and looked at him keenly before she nodded slowly. "Very well. But you must tell your siblings when you take the opportunity." His mother said firmly. He didn't fail to miss the when instead of the if.

"I will not have something so wonderful create division in the family." His mother said and Gaius sobered up and nodded. Both of them knew that this would no doubt spark some jealously, especially Fortie who worshipped the King more than anyone he knew.

Days Later…

Gaius stood a little uneasily in the room, his gaze traipsing across the busy hall. He knew quite a few of the other teenagers, most of them were in the years above, his year or below him though there were a few he thought might have graduated recently.

He greeted those he knew when he arrived at the building on the outskirts of the city though he hadn't really taken part of the conversations. He was a little too nervous for that. The door opened and the King walked in and all conversation ended.

The King smiled kindly at them as he gestured them to sit down.

They all did as he bid them to do and he began to speak, a kind and proud expression on his face "It wasn't too long ago when many of you were all little children chasing around my little conjurations." The King's smile widened a little as he looked at Mariana who seemed to collapse into herself.

"Mariana I believe?" The King asked and Mariana bobbed her head that was beet red in affirmation "I'll spare the recollection of the story of your accidental magic" the King said almost with a chuckle and Mariana seemed to want to hide away.

"Not that it was embarrassing of course." The King added before he spied a last glance at the teenage girl "Mariana had quite the talent at age four even if it was accidental." The King smiled kindly at her. "Not surprising then that you have flourished over the years." Marianna looked embarrassed and proud all at once and it was a pretty funny look.

"After all, impressive accidental magic tends to point out one's potential with magic." The King mentioned offhandedly to the assembled teens before he gently clapped his hands and a wave of magic ruptured from between his hands startling them.

Behind the King, orange runes formed in the air and a pinpoint orange glow grew and grew until it formed into a portal. Gaius watched with a keen eye, knowing that it was Illosian runes, runes that he had asked – interrogated more like – his Runes Professor about.

Soft murmurs rang around him and he wasn't surprised, no one really knew all that much about the runes, only that their King and Queen invented it – he hadn't even thought it was possible to do so – and only a few had learnt it so far. Apparently the runes were going to be available to be taught within the next few years.

He was so going to sign up for that!

The portal was huge and a Gate was floated behind the King who hadn't even once turned around. The portal closed and the Gate was set down gently with nary a sound.

It was a little strange too, this gate.

Very different from the Subgates and the international Gates.

It was…smaller but bulkier and the runes seemed to be blacker than the ring itself which was almost black itself. A loud clearing of a throat broke him out of his thoughts and saw the look the King gave him and it was almost like a collective wave of slight embarrassment washed over them as they forgot about the King in their admiration of the gate.

The King smiled gently at all of them, a hint of amusement apparent in his smile "I will explain shortly about why I brought the gate…after I explain why you're here."

"Now" the King began and his tone made everyone sit a little straighter.

"You are here today because you are the brightest minds of your generation." The King said surprising them all. He did see nearly everyone here was amongst the best at Pandrosion but not everyone was here. His sister Livia wasn't here and she was very smart. Fortie was pretty smart too when he wanted to be.

"If you're wondering why some others are not here who are as bright as you are, then that is because life has other paths for them." The King explained.

"They will become magical specialists, economists, businessmen or women, scientists, teachers and magineers. The bedrock of Illos. You however" The King paused for a moment "Those are the path that you may take if that is your wish" The King nodded to them before he smiled a little "And you would all excel if you chose any of those paths. Or…" The King looked at them intently

"Or you may wish to take the path that I offer to you." The King said and Gaius was surprised and interested. Gaius looked around and saw many being as intrigued as they were surprised just as he was.

The King continued, an almost secretive smile on his face "A path that you will make your own and a path for others to follow" the King said as light seemed like it fled from the room and darkness had flooded in.

"You know of my interest in space and our incredible and ground-breaking achievements that no other has achieved." The King said in total darkness.

And just as sudden darkness flooded in, light sparked into sudden existence.

Gaius flinched a little at the sudden change of lighting, his fellow teenagers similarly distressed however that quickly made way for a huge outburst and gasps and Gaius...

Well, Gaius had let off his own outburst.

Small dots of light flickered into existence. "We have been to the Moon. We have been to Mars. And we are going to go Jupiter and Saturn. But that is not the extent of our ambitions nor is it our final destiny." Moments afterwards luminescent arrays of colours sparked into existence, circling and merging into a very family spiral.

"No, our destiny sets us on a more distant path. A greater path" The King continued as he walked through the spiral before it reformed around him and the King was now in the middle of the light show, his hands raised with the palms facing the ceiling.

"Earth" the King continued, the conjuration flickered towards a region of space within the galaxy "Has been our cradle. Our mother and our father." The conjuration zoomed in and in until a very familiar solar system came in to existence. The conjuration honed in on Earth, the brilliant blue gem that hung in a sea of darkness.

"Yet it is only a cradle. One meant to be outgrown and to leave behind." The focus of Earth stopped and the conjuration began to zoom out and out until only the Sun could been but it didn't stop there, no, it continued to zoom out until…

Until it refocused on another region and zoomed forward until it focused on a red star. The red star grew larger and larger until they moved past several gas giants and towards a dusty red looking planet with more moons than it had seas.

The conjuration grew smaller and the red planet that looked like it was a brother to Mars hovered in the King's hands. 'Gliese Alpha, 15ly' hovered above the conjuration. The gate behind the King turned on and a dusty red landscape came into view. "And you, the brightest our people have to offer, may lead our people towards that path out of the cradle." The King said as the conjuration flashed out of existence and the King turned on his heel and made his way through the Gate.

Gaius looked around and he saw that others were unsure and even somewhat confused. Gaius looked back at the Gate, his eyes surveying the red dusty landscape. Surely not…Gaius wondered but then he remembered who the King was and that impossible was not in his vocabulary. A giddy sense of excitement bubbled in his stomach and he saw that the King was standing some way from the gate facing them, waiting for them and Gaius let off a deep breath before he walked forward as calmly as he could, the excitement in his core barely restrained.

He passed the Gate's horizon and he nearly stumbled when he felt the different gravity and drank in the thinner air. Thankfully he didn-

His mind came to a stop when his gaze fell on the sky and his brain interpreted what it was. Gaius' breath was hitching and he felt almost like he going to faint.

"Breath…" he heard, the word carried through the thin air like a leaf sailing through the wind and he felt himself calmer though no less mesmerised by what he was seeing.

Moons…

So so many moons…

Moons of all kinds of shapes and sizes dotted the night sky, no, day sky, moons that were as oddly shaped that bore resemblance to potatoes, moons that were larger than their own moon filled the night sky, even an acid green moon!

He realised he really was on another world and he laughed and almost jumped up in excitement. By now more than a few of the others had walked through the gate, chattering in excitement and wonder.

He was on an alien world! They were on an alien world!

Gaius swivelled round and winced before he placed a hand above his head, one eye closed as he peered at the sun. The alien sun. A sun larger than their own and as red as the sands of Mars! He turned towards the King and saw him waiting patiently for him, for them!

"Guys!" Gaius shouted and he drew their attention and pointed towards the King and they made their way towards him. As they neared they saw that he bore an indulging smile, one that hinted that he was pleased about their excitements.

The King gestured them to stand around him and they did as he bid them to do. "As you have no doubt surmised, we are on an alien world." The King said with an amused smile and a score of giggles rang amongst the group. "This world is Gliese Alpha. A world some fifteen light years away"

"How is this possible?" one of the others asked with awe in his voice. "This…I never thought magic could do something like this."

"With magic, nothing is impossible" The King said with a gentle tone though his eyes conveyed his absolute belief in his words. The King's arm swept across towards the skies. "With magic, the doors to the entire universe is open. You stand on one world whose doors we have opened." The King looked back at them, his intense gaze sweeping across them.

The King looked at each one of them "With magic, we can unfold stories, legends, myths that hide in the crevices of the universe." Slowly, the king raised his arms, a look of evanescent concentration settled on the King's face, his eyes dimly aglow. "With science, we can understand the structures, the forces, the rules that bind our universe together." The King said, his voice ringing with an authority that spoke to their souls.

Gaius' eyes shot wide open – and he wasn't the only one as gasps and slightly impropriate but appropriate words were exhaled – at the mountainous weight of magic that rolled off of the King, volumes of magic that seemed to careen away from the King like tonnes of snow off the slopes of mounts as tall as Olympus.

Arcane tendrils of emerald and violet spun out of the King, tendrils that ebbed and flowed in beautiful swirls of interlaced magic, magic that seemed to climb and climb higher and higher into the stratosphere as the world seemed to bend at the seams.

The ground shook, as if that mountainous weight had suddenly been dropped onto it, and had it not been for the fact that the King was gently keeping them on their feet, they would have been all sprawled on the ground. Even now, they were still balancing themselves to keep themselves steady yet the King…

The King stood like a timeless pillar, unfazed and unmoving, his eyes still only dimly aglow though the maelstrom of magic that blanketed the King, that blanketed all of them was felt skin deep, bone deep and Gaius…Gaius was in awe.

Gaius had always known the King was powerful. The stories. The news of when he did something that no one would be able to do even if they were two hundred years old. But…

But it was another thing to feel it.

The ground shifted, red sand parting like curtains pulled aside in a great circle around them, tens of thousands of tonnes, no hundreds of thousands of tonnes were moved aside with an ease akin of a finger tracing a line in soft sand and Gaius' eyes widened as great structures ripped out from the ground.

Glass.

Massive, intricate, magnificent structures of glass ripped out from the ground in the dozens, in the hundreds, colliding and fusing, the sounds of the act a beautiful chime.

Gaius' face felt pained, his smile threatened to tear his face off at its seams yet he felt like he didn't care, he couldn't care…no…this was why he loved magic so much, he thought with wonder as the ground shook some more and the sands fell away to reveal a floor made out of glass.

The glass megastructures began to orbit around them, two, three concentric rings of glass that were as tall the tallest towers in Celestis.

Gaius looked around to the rest of his peers.

They were struck dumb, the awe they felt was so clearly etched on their faces and he thought it was beautiful. He managed to catch the eye of one of the girls, Clarissa he believed, who's eyes seemed to sparkle with wonder and he smiled at her, his eyes looking upon with a knowing glint, one that she seemed to understand and appreciate and he was reward with a beautiful smile from her.

Gaius broke off the gaze and stared back up towards the glass and saw that two of the rings of glass were orbiting diagonally, making it seem like it was a circle with a 'x'. The glass floor that they stood upon began to shake a little and Gaius' eyes widened when he realised that they were lifting off.

A translucent bubble emanated from the King as they climbed and soon they were up on high, higher than he's even been, climbing and climbing into the fringes of atmosphere until…until they were out in the void, in space.

Gaius marvelled at the sight. The way the faint green hue emanated from the red planet made possible by the red light from the sun impacting the atmosphere.

The way the moons, both big and small, round and odd, orbited around the world with a strange peaceful metronome that Gaius knew was a wonder in itself. It shouldn't be possible for so many moons to be in such stable orbit. Gaius smiled widely as the funny thought and he almost burst into a fit of giggles.

It should also not be possible to be in space some fifteen light years ago from home! A distance of hundreds of trillions of miles crossed in a matter of less than a second!

The King brought his arms down and breathed out loud enough for them all to hear and soon all eyes were set upon this man who could do the impossible.

The King looked at them kindly, a spark of emerald brightening his eyes. "There is a great deal of mystery you do not know…or the true nature of our destiny. Yet for now, I can tell you our destiny…" the King said as he gently swept his arm across towards the void and towards the alien world.

"Will set us on a path that will lead us far into the galaxy. World upon world we will see and visit and tread. And you…the brightest and best of Illos shall lead our people towards our destiny." The King said, his eyes aglow with barely restraint magic that seemed like if released could incinerate them all in only a moment's slip of control.

The King's expression shifted and it was entreating as he looked to one person then the other until he met Gaius' gaze and when the King spoke, Gaius knew that this was his choice…would always be his choice.

"The question is…are you willing to take it?"

…

Yes.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 107 others
mosefboombox117
Apr 10, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Interlude 2 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Apr 23, 2023
Add bookmark
#261
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Interlude 2

Interlude 2

1947 – Illos

"You've decided on this course?" Atticus asked quietly, his eyes intently studying his mother even if he already knew it was coming. Doesn't he didn't dread it though.

"I have" Anne smiled at him slightly before she looked away "My life with Marcus was wonderful, more than it ought to have been. We've seen many things together" she turned back at him, a loving smile on her face "brought up two children that would fill any parent with pride before she lost that faint glimmer in her eyes "But now…" she sighed.

Atticus closed his eyes. "Are you leaving beca-"

"No." His mother interjected "I am not leaving because of you, the world does not revolve around you" his mother said to him in a soft chiding tone.

He reopened his eyes and met his mother's gaze.

She continued "You may have kept many secrets from me, far greater and consequential than I had ever thought they may be, but I am not leaving because of that or because of the ostracising of our family"

She gazed upon the homes that stood upon a maze of hills, a fond smile on her face. "I am saddened to miss most of the beginning." She said with a wistful sigh, a sigh that pained both of them.

"Then why?" Atticus asked, unsure if he managed to prevent his voice from being uneven. He'd seen this conversation happen in so many different ways yet it felt like a punch in the gut. Like he'd Seen it happen. Somehow it felt more painful.

His mother smiled at him and stayed silent for a moment before she began again "I am curious" she said slowly.

"Curious?" Atticus repeated after her.

"Moira wishes to visit some of the old worlds that used to belong to her people" she looked at him pointedly "partially to help find this new world you wish to settle our people" she said before looking away from Atticus.

"I've gotten close to Moira and she tells me of the richness of her people…of the wonders they had constructed, the worlds they built to perfection and utmost beauty. She knows they are most likely destroyed into nothingness by the enemy of her people but there might be a remnant left that she could find and I…" She trailed off for a moment.

Atticus placed his hand on top of hers. She turned to him with a smile "And I…I could use an adventure, I've been cooped up here too long and I think this might be a productive way of spending my time"

"Mother I'm sor-"

"Don't, please." His mother said softly "I understand why you did what you did. I did from the moment" she gazed towards the alien trees "I woke up here and understood it was because of you" she turned to him. "In truth, Moira helped a lot with dealing with my grief…the way her people expressed and dealt with their grief aided my own tremendously."

He knew that she spent a lot of time with Moira, even once isolation had ended. It seemed like returning to being a 'socialite' hadn't been on the cards. Not that it likely would have been on the cards anyway after the death of his father.

And he hadn't been able to begrudge her that comfort, that sheer distraction that Moira and tales of her people offered to his mother despite the difference in culture and, not to be rude at all, his mother's understanding of the universe. It seemed that despite all of their differences, it hadn't impeded them from bonding.

He was glad for his mother, truly but he didn't want to lose his mother to the unknown…the person who loved him the most without question or judgement, the person who had repaired him the most…

He loved her wholeheartedly and there was nothing he wouldn't do for the person who made him understand what being loved felt like the most…the first person he ever loved.

His sight while growing was not perfect and he didn't know, couldn't know what she'd find there. He'd Seen a future where she'd be back but she'd be gone not long after and after that his Sight was too…unclear…too uncertain.

And he hated that he didn't know, that he couldn't protect her if she needed it.

He also knew his mother. She'd already decided and short of taking away her free will, he'd not budge her from the decision.

"And in that time, I learnt more about her own grief, the unresolved pain she feels at the lack of answers as to how nothing seems to remain of her people or even the enemies that thoroughly consigned her race to extinction." She paused for a moment "I think I can help with that." She saw his surprised look and chuckled softly "Of course I won't be much help with all of that machinery but I am fairly good with my wand and I think I can support her in other ways"

"I'm not surprised that you're willing to help her as much as I am surprised that you're so willing to go into the unknown out there in space" Atticus said concerned.

He didn't know what was out there and Moira likely didn't either, at least not completely. These Forerunners may not be as gone as Moira believed.

He found it difficult to believe that those who choked travelling through slipspace in a way that prevented any aid coming towards the besieged humans could go extinct from their own weapons.

Those who had hundreds of kilometres long warships, hundreds of thousands warships that could annihilate entire worlds and even move stars…

And even if it was true, that they were truly gone because of the parasites, parasites that only needed a fleck of cells to survive before they could become an insurmountable enemy again…

He didn't want his mother go out into space alone, even if it was with Moira in a ship capable of outflying and most likely outgun any enemy except for a few races.


"You were planning on going to space yourself and then later the rest of us, weren't you?" she posed to him knowingly.

He sighed and nodded and she hummed "Well, where do you think you get your wilfulness and your stubbornness from?" she smiled at Atticus before it faded away.

"I understand what you mean. I have not always…approved" she said delicately "of your desire to study the sciences but that had been when I had thought them to be the muggle version of magic, their own way of trying to live up to what we can do with but a wave of the wand" she stared past him.

"I know better now and I agree that we should find ourselves a home" she met his gaze "and who better to look than your own mother?" she smiled at him.

"Someone who you do not need anymore, that Sophia doesn't need any more either" she said in a slight wistful tone.

"Mother, I do not think you understand how much I still need you" Atticus said in a quiet tone. His mother's presence alone set him at ease in ways that no one else could. He trusted her wholeheartedly with his being.

"You don't" his mother smiled at him, a glimmer of sadness in her eyes "You haven't needed me for years, not since you were a child." She squeezed his hand

"You have many things to do, Atticus, and it serves us both well if I am out there" she looked upward before she settled her eyes once more on him "exploring and preparing for when it is time."

Atticus remained silent for a moment. He understood what she was implying, offering to remove a weak spot in his armour with all that he was plotting.

Though she wasn't really offering…merely letting him gently know.

He sighed.

"I won't be able to dissuade you from this?" Atticus half asked, half stated already knowing her answers that was always the same in countless times he'd watched this moment.

She merely smiled at him "Could I dissuade you from this path you have chosen?" she returned to him, reminding him of where he had inherited some of his stubbornness from.

"You could…" he said softly.

She brought her hand to his cheek and padded him softly "I could not and would not. I understand now why you were always so interested in the sciences. You were always could see the potential of the littlest of things." Her eyes glittered

"Even in your choice of spouse you could not have chosen more ably, even I would have liked grandchildren much sooner than I think I will have from you" she said in a teasing tone.

He nearly choked on air at that "Well…" he tried, stumbling on what to say next and his mother's tickling laughter filled the air between them causing Atticus to smile at the warmness he was feeling.

They spent the last few days together with Sophia once they came back from visiting family in the States and Emily joined once during those last few days, leaving with his mother for a few hours before she left, both women silent on what was discussed and he let it go despite how curious he had been.

Truly, it had been a blissful period that was a bright spot in an otherwise greying world and now, as he stood before the scout ship next to Moira, his eyes intently focused on his sister giving their mother a tearful 'see you soon', he felt as if his world was darkening even further.

"If you come back without my mother, don't bother coming back." Atticus only said, his gaze never once leaving the sight of his family.

He felt Moira's gaze on him but he didn't bother turning. Not yet. "You might have plans for my kind, nebulous plans that seem to fit with what I intend to do with my people but know this…Yminenso Yprikushma" Atticus said as he turned to face her, his eyes meeting her dark ones.

"I am a terrible enemy to have." His words were said with an arctic coldness that could chill atoms into stillness.

"Do not test my resolve by not returning my mother to me." He said, his gaze moved back to his mother. He cared for his people, he truly did. But his family…

Not even destiny would be safe from his wrath.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

1947 – Bhaktapur, Nepal

Emily POV

Her eye twitched as chimes and drums droned on ceaselessly, the high pitched sounds mixed with low pitched drums spearing her towards a migraine.

The only thing that was more annoying was that they were amongst these rabble, rabble that left little room to move let alone walk.

It was overcrowded, smelly a-

She felt his hand wrap around hers and she turned to him. Atticus bore a faint but reassuring smile that drove down that irritation and she felt calmer as he soothed her through their bond.

She gave him a small smile, if a little scowling, back before she returned her gaze towards the congregation of muggles. She could bear these muggles a little while longer.

It was the Gai Jatra festival, a festival that commemorated the deaths of loved ones. The muggles wore comedic face paintings, wore reds and oranges mixed with those who were more solemn, grieving. It seemed like it was a festival that allowed anyone to be joyful or grieving turning into a curious experience to say the least.

A muggle child wove through the gap between herself and Atticus who stopped and turned towards them with a painted moustache and a red circle between his eyes, all while bearing a wide smile on his face as he waved before disappearing through a sea of muggle legs.

She felt Atticus' amusement through their bond and despite herself she allowed herself to smile at her husband's childishness.

As the day continued, they watched little muggle girls dance oddly with brass teapots, men carrying effigies of some kind restlessly, random individuals beating drums in an odd synergetic manner and they'd watched performers wearing nothing but a towel and red scarfs as they performed with sticks.

Far from the strangest things she'd ever seen but it was at least somewhat confusing and she confided as much to Atticus. Most of the actions by the muggles seemed…pointless, random, without meaning.

Not that she was surprised. After all, these people were a superstitious bunch.

"They say that it is to commemorate the deaths of loved one but the point really is community. Sharing in loss and sharing in the beauty of life and death." Atticus said as they walked more freely through the scarcer streets as a consequence of the festival petering down the wake of the looming night.

"I think that whatever they do is kind of a natural evolution of successive festival throughout the centuries. Random acts of fun become frequent sights the next year and then the following year and before you know it, it has become tradition, a staple of the festival." Atticus said with a curious smile.

Ah…

She could see now why he wanted to come during this distraction.

With Illos more or less finished now, at least the homes, the nature and the enchantments that regulated weather, water and more, it would soon be time for the next stage of their plans to come to fruition.

The movement of thousands of magicals to Illos.

Illos had long been an idea, a target that they both worked towards for years, had worked on for years and now it was coming to be with the way relations with Magical Britain was breaking down for House Sayre.

And with that breakdown, came the inevitable migration towards Illos, by a people who would be…reliant on Atticus, on them, to provide them all that they need.

And that left an opportunity of shaping them culturally.

Already they were working on that with the orphaned children and infants that they rescued across the world and given to childless mothers to mother and raise in the exact way they wanted in Illos but these thousands of largely adult people would need a more hands on approach.

She eyed the few trailing performers that have yet to leave, still dancing their primitive celebrations with a contemplative look on her face. They already outlined how they were going to shape them culturally but not quite socially.

Humans grew closer with shared experiences.

The greater the kind of experiences shared, the closer they were. This was seen plenty in war – those Knights of Atticus' were a prime example – but similarly she had seen the same effect when old traditions and festivals were reintroduced at Hogwarts where children across different Houses who otherwise rarely dealt with each other instead became friends.

"You're thinking of introducing something like this?" Emily asked as they kept on walking, a contemplative look still on her face.

"Nothing so…" Atticus said a little slowly before a look of mirth crossed his face "extreme." 'Primitive' she knew he wanted to say.

He continued "But yes, something similar. Of course, the traditional festivals and celebrations will be made into a shared experience but in the interim, I believe a frequent gathering of some kind might prove useful to help create a commonality." Atticus said before he lost his look of mirth as they approached one of the dilapidated homes.

"We're here." He said and she inclined her head slowly as they walked up to the door. She waved her hand over them, the rough translating charm washing over them whilst the illusionary charm fell away from their faces.

The translating charm would work just about well enough for them to be able to speak with the muggles.

The door opened and a young looking man came to the door, surprised but also wary. After all, both she and Atticus were foreigners in a very small town knocking on their doors.

"Namaste." Atticus began smoothly with a bow of the head with his palms held together as if he was praying. She followed suit with the gesture.

This wasn't the first time they were paying lip service to local customs.

The man returned the greetings with a similar albeit a little stiffer manner.

"I am Atticus Sayre" he gestured towards her "This is my wife, Emily Sayre." The man nodded, a little surprised at their flawless accent.

Atticus turned back to the man "And we are here to talk to you about something important if you have time to hear us out."

She felt Atticus send out a mild wave of unbounded pulse of Legillimency, one that tinged with reassurance and compliance and she saw the man's shoulders dip a little in relaxation.

She knew that Atticus didn't like manipulating emotions like that, especially to those he deemed innocent. Of course, disliking something doesn't take away the necessity of easing a situation even if Atticus went about it in a way that was far more respectful than they really deserved.

The man looked at them for a few seconds before he let them in.

The house was little better than a shack – a well cleaned shack but a shack nonetheless. It almost reminded her of her mother's home. Of course, these people had more dignity than those infernal Gaunts who practically resided in their own filth.

As they were directed towards the living room, she saw the reason why they were here in the first place. The girl was sitting with a very worn book in her hands on the ground as her mother got up, about ten years and likely turning eleven within the next six months if their intel was right, with a curious gaze on her cherub face.

Bhavaroopa Bitsa, a muggleborn witch born in nowhere to two unknowing squibs.

The girl remained on the floor, her gaze flickering between them and her parents were talking idly before the woman went away and the man re-joined them and gestured them to sit, the look of curiosity intensifying.

Just by looking at the girl, one would not assume that she was any different…that she was special yet she could feel the magic from her, that near silent thrum that she emitted so unknowingly.

She likely never would know how truly special she was as she went about her life – if she made it that far without being accused of witchcraft, muggles had a strange sense of knowing if someone was superior…like prey feeling it was being watched by a predator – until the day she died.

It was to her fortune, just as it was to the hundreds of others, that she wouldn't wallow to a life of great insignificance when she could become more as the magic in her blood demanded all while being properly taught their ways.

From the arid deserts in Mongolia to a sparsely populated island in the Pacific they were capable of capturing the bursts of magic a child makes once they went through their very first magical maturity which happened from the ages of five to seven.

They were able to pick up those bursts of magic that operated at higher magical frequencies almost instantaneously and they triangulated on it – frequencies that were more…responsive to will and desire – with the aid of the Ancient Satellites that covered the Earth to find the origin of the burst of magic.

It allowed them more freedom in securing children at the fringes of any magical society that were likely to slip through the various nets of magical detection that were arrayed around the world.

Admittedly, she didn't quite dislike this part of their travels, the dimes they found that they'd change into galleons loyal and working for them. Something she hadn't quite expected at first.

Entwined with their search for relics, artefacts and pearls of knowledge around the world for the past few years or so, they made an effort to personally visit muggleborns born in the regions that were effectively unwatched by the magical world.

They of course focused primarily with at-risk muggleborns, those who had little protection against fearful mobs or undeserving parents – something that had kept them utilising Time-Turners and Polyjuice a lot more than she could have conceived – but now they were making the journey towards the ones that proved to have better parents.

Slightly more challenging and different challenge altogether but it wasn't too hard to overcome once they were convinced it was a genuine offer to improve their lots in life. Creating circumstances that were just right enough to make them fearful of their child's – and their own – safety of course helped with the stubborn and frankly sharper parents.

So far, Bitsa was the eightieth muggleborn they were visiting this year made possible by the Stone of Admissions, a crystalline stone that was connected to the leylines that crisscrossed the world in a similar fashion to how the Hogwarts' Book of Admissions was connected to the leylines that ran below the great school.

With Atticus' Sight and the Stone, they were able to plan years in advance on how they were going to convince the better parents to move countries without raising any alarm bells by those she knew were watching their movement very closely.

She knew that it was quite likely that this girl would be the very last they'd visit personally for some time given what was happening back in Britain though it should not affect their recruitment now that Atticus' trusted – and oath sworn – associates in Sphinx Group were taking charge of the operation.

After they were brought little cups of chai tea, likely a luxury for these people, the man finally asked Atticus what this important thing was.

"Has strange things ever happened around your daughter?" Atticus asked with a calm tone as he nursed the chai tea, watching curiously over the rim the cup.

The mother stiffened, a look of panic clouding her face whilst the Ms Bitsa looked terrified. "Peace." Emily soothed as she let go of the cup and leaned back in the rather uncomfortable wooden chair.

Their eyes widened dramatically.

"You're like me!" the little girl, Ms Bitsa, said in wonder.

"Are you a boksi [witch]?" the father questioned, his voice even despite the clear fear that she felt exuding from him.

Her eyes darkened slightly "Not in the way your people believe." She said calmly though it was a close one to keep her tone from being…harsh.

Only the fact that these squibs were…better than their ilk kept her from being disdainful. She knew that these people were an exception to the primitive muggles of these lands.

Nepal, once upon a time, had a thriving community of magicals.

For thousands of years Nepal had been a land of spirituality and magic, so much so that both magical and muggle Buddhists from across Asia made pilgrimages to Nepalese temples that were fountains of knowledge containing priceless manuscripts on the nature of existence…and magic.

Yet as with all things when it came to magical and muggle cohabitation, through centuries of mistrust growing between both kinds of people, magic, once seen as something as natural as breathing instead became as wicked, something to fear…people to fear.

The once thriving community of magicals left Nepal towards the mountains of Tibet, India and China not long before the Statute was erected yet despite magic leaving these lands, witch hunts were still a frequent occurrence even now.

Hatred from these muggles knew no reason or logic and were driven by superstition that bordered near insanity with what they perceived as witchcraft.

Particularly when it came to women and girls. They were blamed for material loss, sickness of cattle and livestock along with actual illness of muggles.

The unlucky ones were burnt alive – it seemed even tens of thousands of miles and hundreds of years apart, muggles of any kind had a propensity to burn people alive – others succumbed to wounds from torture and assault whilst the lucky ones survived the ordeal though never they were never the same.

Whilst most of the victims were muggles, both her and Atticus did believe that more than a few over the centuries likely had been muggleborn witches.

Folklore wrapped in myth and stories to scare children of wicked creatures as dark as night that were found throughout distant regions of the world made it likely that more than a few muggleborns had turned into Obscurials throughout the ages.

In Nepal, the description of Masan fitted that of a Obscurial just as Tariaksuq in Inuit mythology did and just as similar words and descriptions fitted the consequences of muggle intolerance.

As much as the ICW would like to profess that Credence Aurilius was the last known Obscurus, it was a bold faced lie that was an open secret amongst the more politically connected individuals.

After all, there was little reason for there to be an International Affairs department whose mandate was wholly woolly with regards to what it was supposed to do.

"Not in the way you believe either." Atticus said knowingly, his gaze holding onto the man's eyes. The man broke it and looked at his daughter before he looked back at Atticus and nodded determinedly.

"My daughter is not a monster like some would claim her to be should they learn. She is good." The man said firmly.

Atticus gave the man a smile as inclined his head and she felt a trickle of contentment eke out from him, that soft spot he had for those who were traditionally morally right rearing its head.

"And you are right." He said as he waved his hand. The book that the girl had been reading floated in between them, a gasp of shock escaping the lips of the mother whilst father and daughter only watched as Atticus repaired the book back into pristine condition before he levitated it back to the daughter.

"Magic is not evil rather it is a gift, one that your daughter inherited from both of you." Atticus said, recapturing the small family's attention.

"I don't understand?" the mother said hesitantly.

They spent the next few hours explaining the particularities of inheritance and the history of Nepal and its links to Buddhism – along with some liberal stretching of the truth – and then went on to explain the opportunities for the family in Australia where they would be given a new life and a new home for them.

They hadn't been keen to learn that it depended on them accepting that their daughter would need to learn magic to control herself but once they explained that untrained magicals brought attention to themselves along with the implication of what exactly such attention meant for their family should it happen.

They also bluntly explained to the small family that they were doing this for the girl as they feared for her safety should she remain in Nepal and in the end, they agreed to the terms in full with only some amount of compulsion needed to convince them, starting a new life in Australia where a new home and employment waited for them.

They would leave the very next day to Kathmandu to board the chartered private plane that waited on them that would go to Patna before going to Kolkata where they'd take a ship to Perth where they would be settled down and sworn to secrecy by the muggleborns that worked for Sphinx Group.

"She's likely to become an introducer, isn't she?" Emily mused aloud as they stood by the docks of the port of Kolkata, returning to the region a few days later to see them off.

They both knew that early life experiences greatly shaped the trajectory of one's path in life. An abused child had much greater chances of becoming an abuser themselves. A child raised by a successful businessman is likely to have a career in the same industry or even the same company.

And the children they introduced to magic were very likely to become introducers themselves once they were integrated into Illos. Especially those who had experienced the violence of muggles first hand like some of the children they barely saved had or those who had boundless amount of compassion like this little girl seemed to have.

It would be useful in the years to come when the muggle populations are set to explode. Who better to introduce families to the benefits of going with them than those who are visible proof of success?

"I think the chances are very high" Atticus admitted with a smile as he took her hand.

She twisted with a silent pop taking him with her and soon enough they arrived some three kilometres above the Irish Ocean and as they felt the grasping hand of gravity, they released their magic and evaded its grasp before flying unaided back to shore.

She raised her wand and with the memories flooding the front of her mind, a torrent of white blue mist streamed from her wand before a magnificent sphinx galloped forth from that mist. "We have returned." She said to the Patronus and Sphinx bowed to her before it turned and raced away.

They would cease their masquerade and return to one of the safe houses to purge the Polyjuice out of their system.

With the attentions that were on them, they had to be…creative to explain their absences. As much as she hated others taking her form – no less than five different oaths bound their subordinates to secrecy and conduct – she knew that it was necessary especially when they often left for days, sometimes weeks, at a time.

A couple of silent pops later, they were back to Sayre Manor.

"Masters" Tweenie said with a bow as they walked through the front door.

"Lunch is ready."

"Thank you Tweenie" Atticus said with a nod as they carried on walking towards the dining room.

Atticus waved the seats pulling them out and she took the seat by the head of the table. She turned to him as she sat down and food popped in front of her.

"She'll be our last, I think." Atticus said as he began to cut into the shepherd's pie. Before he put the piece in his mouth he continued, his eyes on her "I do not think we can spare the time any further." He told her and she agreed and she was rather pleased it would be the end of it.

She hadn't been enthused by his desire to personally convince unknowing squib parents to take the opportunities offered – she'd refused to come the first few times – but in the end she had conceded and joined him in his travels.

Her disdain for the muggles had only increased of course, these people who lived little better than animals in squalor and without civilisation in these far off regions.

They were not as bad as the parasites in the cities that lived on top of one another, those who destroyed without care or reason but it was a close thing.

At times she had thought that their aims of leaving this world were misguided, that they were gifting them far too much to creatures who deserved nothing more than to be reduced to cattle made to work on their behalf.

She banished that thought, flashes of ancient horrors in the deeps of space coming back to the forefront of her mind, a faint grimace soaring from within.

At least the muggles – if they didn't destroy themselves – would prove useful in the centuries and millennia to come should the universe prove to be as hostile as they suspected it was with the way the muggles bred and advanced.

They would prove great distractions when the time came.

Still, it hadn't been completely pointless beyond the benefits of obtaining more loyal magicals for their empire and propaganda. Even in the bowels of most remote regions of the world, there were still the pervasiveness of magical blood.

A prospect that screamed towards the inevitability of the destruction of the Statute in the decades to come. The ICW knew nothing of these regions which begged the question how much did they and the Ministries really know about the populations and the looming explosion of muggleborns under the respective magical nets?

European schools, particularly the Northern ones like Durmstrang and Koldovstoretz already didn't allow muggleborns to be inducted in their schools and many basic schools were still not rebuilt after the Grindelwald war. The ones that were still in operation had a catchment area of tens of thousands of square kilometres.

It was bound to result in muggleborns being unattended to.

With the ICW watching carefully over Europe, she knew that the practices of getting rid of muggleborns were at an all time low – even if the culling of known squibs was at an all-time high as a consequence of The Truth about the Returnees and the Lie of being Muggle Borne – and if she knew anything about the idiocy of purebloods was that once they stopped doing something, they rarely restarted of their own volition.

Fools, she thought with an inward sneer.

They were sleeping on top of an active volcano that was on the precipice of explosion.

Muggleborns were the greatest threat to the Statute and their methods on dealing with the squibs and the muggleborns were insufficient, a half measure that was doomed to failure.

Either you killed all muggleborns and squibs once discovered or you integrated them from the earliest age possible making sure you kept control over them and their perception of the world.

All they were doing now was make inaction a new normal that one day will erupt into disaster where not even mass Obliviation can remove the damage, she thought before she banished that train of thinking away and returned to their conversation.

"Yes, my work in Hogsmeade will take more of my time in the coming months." She said to him. Her National Heritage Museum, her employment schemes in Hogsmeade along with the various other initiatives she was undertaking with a few of her vassals would keep her busy…and very public.

She started cultivating a picture of national icon in the form of the Founders, one that was suitably progressing well without much interference from the Ministry.

"That will be important" Atticus said musingly as he ate silently for a moment before he eyed her "We only have a year before it turns truly stark." He said as he placed a piece of the pie into his mouth.

"Sophia is confident that we can move all of our businesses out of Britain within the day whilst she's working on the logistics of our businesses in Europe." He paused for a moment. "The ones that aren't creature reserves." He said musingly before he continued to eat, quieter than usual.

She sighed internally as she stared at him silently.

The political pressure was ramping up just as they expected yet it still angered how…easily Atticus' accomplishments and goodwill had evaporated over the past year and a half, so much so that there was very little they needed to do to force a situation of exile.

It was expected, of course, after the way they had ruthlessly operated within the business and political worlds as they utilised the influence Atticus had garnered from his defeat of Grindelwald and his revolutionary products yet it left a sour taste in her mouth to see how quickly and easily a tower of power could crumble.

And now, with the Ministry having nationalised key companies – including the Daily Prophet – the insinuations and remarks made by the Ministry was finally affecting the populace, so much so that going to any of the Alleys was almost impossible for Atticus would facing at least a few looks of scorn.

Whispers of comparisons to Grindelwald who they acknowledged Atticus had saved them from were growing in strength. Accusations of destabilising the Ministry, accusations of having a private army at his beck and call just waiting to enthrone himself as a dictator were becoming more and more prevalent.

She wasn't sure if she found it amusing or rage inducing that she was receiving looks of pity, pity! from those very same people as a consequence of their work to separate her away from Atticus.

He might not have said it but she knew that he was…wounded at the way he was being scorned by the same people who they intended to take with them to greatness.

The fact that others were manipulating events to push them out did little to assuage that disappointment he felt for the sheep.

Still, at least it served a purpose however, she thought as that sliver of anger melted away. He was more acclimatised to flagrant and distasteful manipulation of people and events, that moral battle he often had with himself disappearing into the wind like dust riding on an eddy of a gale wind.

She never liked the way he tortured himself with what needed to be done for those who didn't even deserve an ounce of consideration and she could see that he was running out of patience with many many people…even those who had once been considered friends.

It wouldn't be long before he'd return fire with fire, before he'd speak a language they thought they knew but come to fear rip out of his mouth.

That, at least she was looking forward to.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

1947 – Zagros Mountains, Persia [Iran]

Her eyes washed over the mountain range and over the valley nestled in between two great peaks, the green brown valley that signalled a lush region in better days' thousands of years ago.

Her eyes veered towards the holographic map hovering in the air that marked out the location of the tomb of Jabru, a necromancer nearly lost to time only remembered somewhat by a scarce few in the local magical communities and thought to be a god in the Elamite religion by the muggles.

She glanced at Atticus who was further ahead by the mouth of the cave.

There were no real traps in the tomb from what Atticus had been able to See though it seemed like there was little recourse around the blood sacrifice requirement to gain entry to the tomb.

She made her way towards him and the entry, her magic pulsing out of her as she felt the weak but fixed magic that guarded the necromancer's tomb.

Most tombs and caches they'd raided had similar degradation of ancient wards yet curiously the instances of these wards having failed could be counted on one hand.

It was impressive to a degree that these ancient wizards and witches were able to make such long lasting wards especially when nearly none of them were tied to any leylines. They'd used human blood in almost every instance as the medium to tie wards to their tombs and hideouts.

It was quite likely that these kinds of wards were the ancestors to blood wards tied to leylines, refined and improved over the millennia.

"If we strip the wards away, the structural integrity of the cave will fail immediately as a consequence of cascade failure." Atticus said with a sigh and a shake of the head. "It'll happen too quickly to stabilise the place." Atticus said with a wan smile as he raised his hand and pressed his other finger against his palm and dragged it across creating a line of trailing blood before he placed against the entrance.

She could feel the shift in the wards, the non-conscious intelligence of the wards probing and sensing the magic in the blood offered before the wards receded back into idleness.

Minor tremors rippled below them, the rock face parting slowly but certainly, and it wasn't long before they were privy to a dark tunnel.

"Sometimes I wonder about our kind's tendencies to store away all achievements and artefacts in tombs." Atticus said musingly as he led first into the dark tunnel, a dim light flickering into existence. She hummed in response.

It was proving to be quite true, this tendency for ancient mages to hide away their discoveries. Especially given that the kinds of tombs they found were certainly not mediocre wizards…nor as light as the majority of people today.

Tomes bound by human skin that still felt warm to the touch, scrolls and texts that were undecipherable simply because it would kill you to even try…

She doubted these people ever trusted anyone with their life's work. Likely came to these tombs – in some instances literal palaces dug in mountains – waiting to do die.

She also knew that if either of them ever died or planned to, not that it would ever happen, they would very likely do the same. And she knew that is exactly what he meant with 'our kind'.

"Too proud of one's work to destroy, too distrusting to leave it behind for others to use." Emily said as they stepped further down in the narrow tunnel, the air stale.

"Good thing too." Atticus said with a sigh as they reached the tomb itself.

"Texts like those of Luxiticus released out in the world…" Atticus' whistle echoed against the damp walls. "The world would have been a very different place had it remained in circulation."

As much as she hated to say it, she was in agreement that such works would have ended in disaster however interesting it was. Vampires and werewolves were bad enough but they were honestly mild in comparison what they'd found, particularly Luxiticus' work.

Revolutionary is what she would describe Luxiticus' experiments on human life to be and she could see traces of his work in that of others, including that of Ekridis whose experiments and creation were far too similar to be completely original work.

She was quite glad that Ekridis never got his hands on Luxiticus' surviving notes on Leviathans. The idea of Dementors in the mould of the Leviathans was utterly menacing and she was content that Luxiticus had dispatched the Leviathans before they were able to escape.

Leviathans could take human shapes but could also become incorporeal shadows with possessing strength that rivalled vampires and werewolves. They were hard to kill, retained some sense of magical ability, preferred humans as their primary food source, and had an innate desire to dominate along with insidious 'psychic' abilities – some form of Legillimency – that could ensnare even the strongest of wills.

To make it worse, they could fly, intelligence rivalling that of mages and they could conceal themselves entirely from magical sensing.

Had Luxiticus not destroyed the mating pair when he found out about their attempts to escape his control, it would have been likely they would have ascended to the dominant species of the world.

Luxiticus despite his very useful act had kept enough clues to at least grant the chance to recreate his creations to anyone remotely competent and lucky to encounter his tomb and texts.

She thought that Ekridis probably found pieces of Luxiticus work somewhere given that a lot of Luxiticus work tended to be geared towards creating esoteric beings that could feed from non-physical sources of magical energy.

They made it to the tomb, if it could be called that, a few minutes later. Jarbu had died at his table seemingly in the midst of consuming some kind of drink.

The tomb was disappointing, most of the scrolls had withered away to little more than dust thanks to time and lack of care though were at least several dozen tomes that survived including some truly malevolent tomes that almost made her bask in how dark they were.

It was those that Atticus was eying intently. As she got closer, she could imagine the painful deaths the sacrifices had died to imbue it with the protections that it had.

"The books on transmutation." Atticus' countenance darkened ever so slightly as he looked over the tomes, the malevolent feeling of the magic that was imbued in the tomes bothering him.

"Human?" Emily questioned and he turned to her with a slight nod before his eyes returned to the tomes.

"It'll take some time to break the protections. It'll be worth it though." He said to her and she smiled slightly before she refocused on the books.

There were few entreaties on human transmutation or alchemy, even in the Sayre or Slytherin libraries so it was a welcome find.

With her own research and experiments on the creation of life faltering slightly despite the access she had to the Atlantis archives, any insights were welcome.

They left not long after, taking all of the tomes with them and soon enough they were in the air, flying over the Zagros Mountains towards their final destination.

The magical history of these lands were rich, almost as rich as that of the Far East or Egypt and many magical communities in this region could trace back their heritage around these mountains or the Tigris and Euphrates rivers in the West.

Thus it wasn't surprising to either of them that there were many tombs and caches hiding in the crevices of mountains and caves causing them to return here for a third time in less than a year.

In many ways, the quality and volume of tombs strengthened the claims of the magical communities around these parts, that this was a cradle of civilisation…and that of magic.

And much of that claim was centred on the Elamite Empire that once called these mountains and valleys home along with its legendary mages that preceded and combatted the famed Sumerians.

The Elamites had two politically, culturally and socially important centres in their empire. Susa and Anshan. Susa was located between two fertile river valleys near the base of the Zagros Mountains whilst Anshan was in the formidable mountain range in the south east where the city was protected by the surrounding terrain which later had been sculpted with formidable runic walls.

The Elamite mages were not as well known for their master sculptors and metal workers as they were for their combat magicks outshined as they were by the Ancient Sumerians but they were far from lesser.

The Ancient Sumerians might have considered the Egyptians as rivals when it came to forging and alchemy but that rivalry was nothing but a child's quarrel compared to the rivalry it carried with the Elamite mages which the Doctrine of Susa highlighted perfectly.

The Doctrine of Susa was a famous transcript found during one of the excavations by the Persians that took decades to transcribe though once it had been translated, it had made clear that there had been effectively a bitter rivalry between the Elamites and the Sumerians…even in the spheres of magic.

The Doctrine had set out the requisite requirements of any and all mages to be handed over to the Mage Guilds to be trained in the arts of sculpting, metal working, alchemy and religious ceremonies.

Not much had survived of that era over the thousands of years when it came to proof of their capabilities in magic or their writings, not after constantly being conquered in a thousand-year period between the 2500s BC and 1500s BC.

What had survived however, was the reputation of the Elamite mages to this day. Each time they had been the very strength of the Elamites to drive out the Akkadians and then later the Sumerians when they had sacked the legendary city of Ur.

The Elamite mages had gripped southern Mesopotamia with an iron grip for decades before they had been removed infamously by the Ancient Sumerian mages who had learnt how to wield elemental magicks and turned the river Euphrates into a graveyard as they wielded the river like a scythe cutting down the Elamites, muggle and magical alike, before ushering out a century long uneasy peace.

That was not where it ended however, for it was the catalyst that spawned the resurgence of the kinds of magicks that had been lost since the days of Atlantis.

Through the rivalry between the Elamites and the Ancient Sumerian mages, ventures into blood magicks, necromancy, elemental magic, soul magic were made, cutting edge magical research with the backing of kings and lords and politicians of city states that feared one another provided ample sources of slaves and prisoners of war to conduct experiments on – it was thought that Veela, Sirens and other near-human magical beings were as a consequence from these experiments – and it was marvellous.

Mages were elevated and some even inducted into the pantheon of gods as rivers were turned into devastating weapons as mountains aplenty were ripped apart and valleys made and mountains reformed into a natural barrier to armies and mages.

Huge arrays of rituals were common place, plagues and droughts were acceptable weapons of mass destruction as entire climate and topography was changed and destroyed just as cities were strangled to death as rivers were made to change direction and strength.

The most unfortunate however was that only a fraction of the knowledge survived and even less than a percent of that fraction was known to any families outside of that region of the world.

As a centre of power, it was bound to attract the attentions of other peoples and soon enough waves of nomadic invaders streamed into the fertile crescent. Babylon was conquered by the Hittites, the north and central parts of Mesopotamia were flooded by Kassites and Hurrians all while the Elamites took and lost and regained territory and cities throughout the centuries in those turbulent times.

Much of the powerful magicks were lost in this era, temples were purged of children understudies in the chaos killing off future generations before they became dangerous. Mages turned on mages for coin and wealth before being treacherously dealt with in kind by those who paid them and the final death knell on the Elamite mages' power came when Susa was razed to the ground by the Assyrian Empire in the first millennia BC.

An ignominious end to what had been powerful clans of mages.

Most of the surviving mages in the region, however few in numbers, had taken to shelter away by the time of the Median and Babylonian Empires. Over the next millennia, such communities would grow more isolated with time free from the turbulence in the region where war was as frequent as the seasons.

It was shame then that in their isolation they also lost their ancestor's ingenuity regarding magic. By the time the Achaemenid Empire came about, most of the magical weaponry the Immortals used were little more than slightly better quality than that of mundane swords and spears.

Of course, it was likely by design but she couldn't help but think it was also what they were only capable of. By the time Alexander and his men steamed all the way to India, the Grecian mages had far surpassed the Mesopotamian mages in skill and ability in magic.

Across the horizon, just beyond the small passage of ocean, they could see Qeshm Island. Emily sped up, now faster than the speed of sound and with a broadening smile, he followed suit

They landed with effortless grace onto the hard beige ground, the eroded walls of rock. She turned to Atticus and saw his hard face. She glanced away and her eyes grew half lidded as her magic expanded outward and magic crept into her eyes.

There wasn't much magic on this lifeless rock except for…

Her eyes widened and she turned to her east, her eyes seeing that trickle of magic that seemed to be ebbing and flowing like a gentle tide. "The manticore"

"Yes." Atticus said, his expression set hard before a hint of excitement replaced it. "I suppose it's a good thing it can't be bargained with." Atticus said, a shadow of a smile growing on his face as she looked on, her own excitement rising.

Neither of them had fought a creature as deadly as a manticore. It hardly would be a challenge despite its imperviousness to nearly all kind of magic but the novelty of slaying a manticore was certainly exciting both of them.

"I'm honestly surprised that Zereh was able to get it to agree to guard its castle-hold." Emily said musing as she stepped off of the ledge and fell downwards.

With only a slight flicker of the fingers, her descent was halted and she twisted around to gracefully stand on her foot. Atticus was beside her only moments later.

"It's possible that Zereh reared it from youth." Atticus said as they walked down the maze like surroundings.

There were bones of creatures all around them, bones made white by the sun. She recognised some of the bones, bones of Karkadanns – a mix of a horse and a rhinoceros that had a sword like horn and was a ruthless predator in its own right – and bones of a Roc, a massive bird of prey big enough to carry elephants that were was near extinct now.

"Or it is possible it was his sibling." Emily said with a twitch of her lips, her eyes sliding off of the bones with little concern.

Atticus' expression grimaced before he eyed her "Wouldn't that be something?" he said with a grimaced laugh before he shook his head.

"Still I doubt half the stories about the woman are true."

Emily hummed for a moment as she considered it. Yes, she doubted those stories were true…at least the more…outrageous stories.

As feared as Dark Lord Fulad Zereh had been, his mother was almost as equally feared by the Persians. Known as a powerful enchantress, she was able to imbue enchantments on artefacts were nearly impossible to replicate.

In one instance, she'd created an enchantment that tied Fulad Zereh's immortality to one particular sword named Shamshir-e Zomorrodnegar where he could only be killed by that one sword.

She had thought perhaps it had been a horcrux but she'd dismissed as the clues weren't there to support it.

It was likely a combination of things as it was known that the Dark Lord liked using the sword to execute people, likely drawing blood and life from his victims to extend his own lifespan.

In any case, the pair were fairly capable with magic and their tomb promised quite a haul…once they dealt with the manticore. They neared the source of the ebbing magic and she felt the shift in the air just as Atticus did and they halted, their eager eyes waiting on the manticore.

"Who disssturbbsss my slummmbeeerr?" the inhuman voice bellowed out in a low growl in Farsi, its voice slamming against the maze like walls with power and weight of a dragon's tail.

The ground shook, the noise of cicada vibrations echoing ominously as a human male head with a lion's mane crowning its head turned the corner.

Emily's eyes gleamed at the sight of the magnificent monstrosity before her, the black scales of its back glistening under the hot summer sun, its scorpion tails swaying dangerously like a serpent tasting its prey's scent as it stood on its tail. Its furled wings were just as dark as the scales on its back though they were similar to that of bats.

From the size of it – the creature was huge, its head at least six meters tall and several times that long – the creature was ancient. The older the Manticore, the larger it was and given that Manticores were known to die typically quite young at the claws and teeth of another Manticore, it was clear that this Manticore was special amongst its kind.

"I don't suppose you would be willing to bargain for safe passage?" Atticus offered lightly as his staff materialised in his left hand.

The Manticore laughed and it was a malicious laugh as it stared them down. "Food cannot bargain" the creature growled, its sword like teeth bared in a gruesome smile.

She felt Atticus' magic rise, the sounds of his magic crackling an eerie sound as wisps of emerald and violet magic illuminated the maze with a startling glow.

Emily's teeth showed as her own magic burbled underneath her skin, a tempest of magic that felt like violence made alive.

Her wand whipped out at near the speed of sound, blasting curses racing from the tip of her wand as fast as bullets and the ground shook as each hit like mountains.

The Manticore roared and launched itself forward moving impossibly fast for a creature itself size and it barrelled towards her but as it was airborne mid-stride, Atticus hit the creature mid-stride with a whirlwind of spells that lashed from his staff.

The Manticore cried out as the whirlwind of lashing spells hit its side, the ground scarred with thousands of grooves inches wide, nearly a metre deep and Emily could see the spells breaking the Manticore's skin.

She looked up at him with a raised eyebrow and saw him smile at her amused, as if to challenge her to do better.
The Manticore let out a scream of rage, its wings flapping furiously as it soared towards Atticus with murderous intent and he was carefree as he let the creature closer.

Atticus dodged the strikes of the deadly scorpion tail with serene ease, his magic swirling around him, pulsing like excitable flames dancing to a tune brimming with life despite the life and death situation he was in.

She smirked at the way he was enjoying himself, much like he did whenever they duelled. Well, it wasn't right to let him have all of the fun.

Atticus wrapped a lasso around its hind legs and threw the creature back to the ground though the Manticore readjusted impressively well as it landed on its feet.

Not that it would matter.

Black red darts of fire ripped out of her wand like scathing turbulent hail of ice and the Manticore cried out in rage and in pain, the scorch marks left on its hide plain to that it was not impervious to magic despite the legends.

"Enough!" the beast bellowed out, his voice so loud that it likely echoed for miles. "No more!" the creature growled out and launched itself to her, its fury laced inhuman face showing that it knew that it was fighting for its life – and it fought like it was too.

The Manticore swiped at her and she danced out of the way, the air howling in a sharp whistle as the consequence of the claws that were sharp as knives, and as she danced, she gracefully with inhuman speed jabbed at the underbelly of the creature.

A stream of magic shot out of her wand tip, the violent sound that breached from her wand reminiscent of the sound of air raid alarms and it lifted the multi-ton beast from its legs, its inhuman human-like face scrunching together before it let of a deafening roar of pain.

It crashed into a wall of rock that crumbled under its great weight and Atticus began pelting spell after spell, each spell cratering the crash site with ruinous strength and the sounds of the creature's howls were almost frightful with the fury laced in the sounds that escaped the inhuman maw.

It was berserk, without reason and more like the beast that it was. Like the cornered prey that it was. Atticus took its attentions as he flung flaying, scything and cutting curses of all varieties at the creature, its raging turning more like helpless yowling as Atticus increased the strength and viciousness of his attack.

Suddenly, faster than she thought possible, a boulder sized rock was flung towards Atticus and he was caught surprised momentarily, just enough that it gave the creature a reprieve and it utilised it well for the Manticore flew into the sky impossibly fast though upon reflection the creature must have jumped which only signified the ridiculous strength within the beast.

Amidst a hail of rock that it tossed aside as it unfurled its wings, within a few flaps, it raced towards Atticus like a bullet who was waiting for the beast. As if now, she could see its wings torn and bearing puncturing holes and she knew it was nearly at its end.

She rose in the air and shot off faster than the speed of sound as Atticus toyed with the Manticore.

Atticus swept his staff around him in wide motions, the sky darkening as fast as a blink of an eye and cords of lightning split open the sky striking the Manticore with millions of volts, its roar now pitiful cries of pain.

It would feel more pain before she would let it die.

Her wand tip steamed for milliseconds before a torrent of water exploded out of her wand moving unnaturally as she bent the jet-like stream. The several metres thick jet of water raced towards the Manticore with laser like precision.

The Manticore regained some sense, some idea of the danger that it was in and it tried to get out of the way but it was to no avail, the jet of water followed every single change of direction it made until it hit and the Manticore was tumbling out of control back to the lifeless rocky ground.

She was not done however and with a jerk of the wand, tendrils of waters broke away from the jet stream, clawing and gripping at the creature's appendages, her hand moving to enchant the water as it slowly but surely wrapped around the creature before she cooled the water into rock hard ice and the Manticore screamed. "Mercy! MERCCYY" the Manticore cried out as the indestructible ice chains began to squeeze life out of the creature.
She felt Atticus approaching her though her eyes never lift the Manticore who was writhing and roaring out pitifully.

Out of curiosity she asked "If it lives…will we regret it?"

Atticus remained silent for a moment before he spoke up. "No. We will not. As least as far as I could see. For now, it'll lick its wounds and avoid us when we search the tomb."

She glanced at Atticus for a moment before she reset it back onto the Manticore.

She was tempted to let it live but she knew better than to let enemies regroup.

Her left hand rose as she twisted her wand hand in a ninety degree turn, the chains tightening more and more and she could see bone breaking now, the howls turned agonised and the Manticore was frantic, deathly panicky and she smiled with a gleam in her eyes.

Her depthless magic rose to the forefront, dark blue swirls of magic surrounded her as her left hand glowed with brilliant radiance before at the centre, a black blue fire sprouted into existence and she could taste the darkness that it exuded.

It was necromantic fire, a fire she found from the archives squirrelled away by an Akkadian mage, and it grew brighter just as it grew more ominous, more deathly.

The Manticore seemed to sense it, its panic turned even more frantic and the wounds from the near absolute zero chains that it bore was splitting open.

Just as she wanted.

The necromantic fire grew in size until it was half a metre in diameter and she simply flicked her wrist and let it loose, the ball of necromantic fire almost moving towards the Manticore with a snail like speed but soon enough, it was engulfed and its cries and howls were inhuman, as if the depths of hell were scratching at the walls of this reality that was how much similar the Manticore's cries were.

The fire sunk into its wounds like hooks sinking into human flesh with the pervasiveness of oil finding purchase in each crook and cranny.

The skin of the Manticore changed, from hard as nails and seeming as if it could survive even ancient human weaponry to skin that looked as flaky and weak as wet parchment. It changed further, blue veins with a sickening glow lined its body and the Manticore's cries began to die until it was little more than a whimper as the fire burnt the life out of the Manticore.

All that was left now was a dried husk reminiscent to a piece of coal.

"That's awful magic." Atticus said after a moment as he parted his gaze away from the husk and his eyes narrowed. "Banned from our duels. I'd rather not test our healing abilities to that."

A flicker of amusement washed over her.

She never really considered using the spell in their duels – even for her, it was too risky to fire at her beloved no matter how much she thought he could handle it.

The holo popped up and she realised they weren't that far from the tomb and began to move towards it as she let the husk fall down to the earth uncaring of where it went. "Don't worry. I'll continue to take it easy on you." She said airily.

"It's cute when you're delusional." Atticus said with a scoff

"Delusional?" she questioned as she turned around though still flying in the same direction, her eyebrows quirked.

"Overconfident" Atticus corrected with an infuriatingly smug smile and she rolled her eyes.

"I'll let that slide. Let's go. There's a tomb to pilfer." She said as she turned away from him and increased her speed towards the tomb as excitement began to course through her.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira, StormFalcon7 and 75 others
mosefboombox117
Apr 23, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 18 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
May 1, 2023
Add bookmark
#286
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 18


29th​ of January 1971 – Avalon Heights

Lily J. Evans POV

She ducked under the duvet when she heard the door open and she cursed under her breath as she didn't turn off the night light by the nightstand.

She heard her father chuckle as he walked and she knew she was caught and decided to peer from under her duvet.

She could see her father smiling under the faint light of the nightlight with his entire face, the edges of his eyes were creased to suit his wrinkles.

"Can't sleep?" her father asked.

Lily smiled a little apishly before she nodded her head. All she could think about was tomorrow. So much so that she couldn't sleep and time was going so so slowly!

Her father sat by her on her bed.

"Tomorrow won't come any sooner if you keep worrying about it." Her father said with a gentle smile as she sat up, her head resting against the backboard.

"I know." She said a little mulishly "Bu-"

"But you can't help it?" her father interjected and she nodded a little.

She was nervous and excited and scared and hopeful all at the same time.

He smiled again and tapped against the spot beside him and she crawled out of her duvet and sat next to her giving her a little smile before he looked away from her.

"I was the same the day before your grandmother and I were meant to go to the docks to welcome your grandfather back." Her father said in soft remembrance, his expression cloudy with his mind momentarily lost in memories.

"When grandpapa came back from the war?" Lily asked wide-eyed. Grandpapa had died when she had only been five so she never really got to ask grandpapa about the war

Her father turned to her and gave off a smiling nod.

"Yes. Your grandfather had been gone for more than four years by then and I only somewhat remembered him by the time the war was over."

Her father had only been ten when the war ended.

"And then the war was over and my dad was coming home." Her father chuckled softly. "I was excited and nervous all at the same time." Her father said to her with a knowing smile and she felt her face flush a little.

Dad always seemed to be able to read her so well.

Dad placed his arm around her shoulder and she snuggled against him before he continued the story. "I will tell you the same thing my mother told me when she came into my room." She looked up and met his brown green eyes.

"Tomorrow will come whether you worry or not, so choose not to worry for tomorrow yesterday will only be a memory" He said and she furrowed her eyebrows.

"What does that mean?" she asked a little confused.

Her father chuckled "It means that your fears and worries will be only a distant past when you deal with new challenges, deal with changes to your life so why fret needlessly at a time you can't do anything about it?"

She thought it over for a moment and her father continued.

"It is good advice now that I can look back on that day on the docks, a day I will always remember" she looked up to her face and saw him looking away from her, a fond smile on his face.

"I saw so many people waiting for their fathers and their sons, waiting to welcome them home and all of my previous nervousness washed away." Her father looked back to her, his caring smile somehow setting her at ease even more.

"And when my dad saw your grandmother and I, his smile could have lit up the entire world with the way he looked so happy and all my fears that your grandfather wouldn't be happy to see me and your grandmother was all gone within an instant." Her father tapped her nose as he met her gaze.

"You have nothing to worry about tomorrow, sweetie" her dad said as he withdrew his finger, a sad little smile on his face.

"You are my special little girl and I knew that from the moment I held you in my arms. They would be fools to say no to you especially after the amount of talent you've shown every day at school" her dad said with a conviction that made the rest of her worries melt away and she launched herself at her dad, hugging him tightly.

He really was the best dad ever.

She broke away from the hug and saw her dad looking at her with a little sad look in his eyes and she knew why. "Dad…do you…" she trailed off as she looked away from his sad eyes, a feeling of guilt spiking from within her.

She had been little, just a bit over six, when she had her first accidental magic.

She made flowers bloom all around her even though it was winter. Her parents hadn't believed her when she swore up and down it was something she had done and not long afterwards they were visited by strange people wearing strange clothes explaining that she was magic confirming that what she had done was real!

It had been wonderful and even to this day she remembered the feeling of specialness she felt at being told she was magic and that there was this entire world of magic with unicorns and dragons and pegasi!

That she could learn how to do more magic and be with others like her! It was a dream and she wanted more than anything to be part of it.

But…

She also remembered vividly the consequences of her having magic, of how it led to angry arguments her parents had with the strange people when they said they would have to move away from Cokesworth as it wasn't safe for her…or her family.

They had explained that the witchhunts had been real which was why they had to hide in a secret society safe from the eyes and hands of evil people who wanted to experiment on them and to kill them which had been frightening.

And that to protect the magical world and all of its wonders they would have to move to make sure those things would not happen.

They had to leave everything behind because of her.

She remembered how scared mum had looked when she'd ordered her and Tuney to bed but the pair of them stayed together in Tuney's room where the walls were thin and where they were able to eavesdrop on their parents who were heatedly arguing.

Both she and Tuney were scared when they heard their mum speaking about 'losing them' and 'taking them' and they had slept together that night.

"Never." Her father declared and his finger reached the bottom of her chin and he raised her head so that they were once more meeting each other's gazes.

"It was never your fault that we were thrust into the magical world, sweetie." Her dad said softly "Magic has always been part of our family's heritage and it was bound to happen."

Dad was referring to the secret that Grammy had held for so long until she admitted that she was born in the magical world when she came the next day.

Apparently Grammy had come from a very old family before she was made to leave everything she knew because magic had skipped her.

So magic was always in their heritage – even in mum they discovered! – only this time it had come in her.

"We wouldn't have had to move if it wasn't for me." Lily whispered quietly.

Her parents and Grammy had to leave everything they knew behind because of her.

She loved Avalon and just the whole magical world but most of all she loved the magic she was learning and her friends that she wouldn't have met otherwise but that came at the cost of her parents being forced to leave behind the mundane world.

Her dad looked at her intently for a little while before he spoke again "You've felt like this for a little while, haven't you?"

She only nodded a little timidly.

She wasn't blind or stupid. She could see that her parents sometimes were sad.

As she grew older, she noticed a lot of things.

How unfair things were sometimes for people like her parents. Everything was about magic in Avalon and for people who had almost none of it…

And then there were the orphan children like Simon Hargreaves and Marie McDonald whose parents gave them up because they were magic. Lily knew it disturbed her mum and dad a lot even if they didn't want to tell her anything.

She was so glad that mum and dad never gave her up.

"You've always been a perceptive and clever girl" her dad said with a sigh before he peered at her. "It hasn't been easy" her dad admitted.

"And you also know that we're very lucky." Her dad said knowingly and she jerkily nodded her head. She knew that very well.

Dad was a carpenter, a very skilled one.

Even if magic made everything so easy, creativity and things made by hand had a lot of value and because of that, they never needed any help from the government.

"Ultimately the magical world is very different to our own world." Her father said with a wan smile with a look she didn't really know what it meant "And it has taken us a little while to get used to but" Her father paused as he tapped her on the nose "everything has worked out in the end hasn't it?" Her father posed to her. She nodded a little reluctantly.

Yes, things worked out but she also knew that there was a lot that dad wasn't saying.

Dad smiled a little amused at her, a twinkle of mischief in his eyes "Tuney would certainly say so." And she almost giggled before she nodded her head seriously.

Not long after they moved in 1966 to Avalon Heights, they found out that for Tuney her 'dormant' magic could be 'activated' if they wanted because their parents both came from magical heritage.

It was too late for mum and dad but not for Tuney.

Tuney had been terrible the entire time ever since mum and dad agreed to move on that day…until she learned she also could have magic and ever since then, they were as close as anything. She dreaded even thinking how bad things might have been between her and Tuney should she not have been able to have magic.

"Thank you dad." Lily said quietly as she leaned to him and her dad wrapped her in a big hug. He was always able to help her feel better.

"No problem sweetie" her dad said in a laughing voice before they separated.

"Now, go to bed." Her dad said "Tomorrow will be waiting for you."

Her eyes blearily open, the sounds of the alarm ringing waking her up.

She groaned, her eyes still half closed as she heaved her head up and her hand smacked the alarm button off before she promptly fell back to sweet sweet sleep.

It was Saturday, she didn't have to –

Her eyes smacked wide open before she shot roughshod up.

It was Saturday!

It was tomorrow!

The sands of sleepiness fizzed away from her eyes and her mind like steam escaping a kettle of boiling water and she hastily got out of bed. It was still dark out even though it was 7 o'clock in the morning. She threw open the door and ran towards the stairs, nervous excitement coursing through her body like electricity.

She could smell the cinnamon and the wonderful smell of bacon turning crisp and practically flew down the stairs. The lights of the living room were on and she waved at the moving pictures – that waved back – before she turned a corner towards the kitchen and she saw her Grammy standing there before the stove, humming lightly as she cooked, the sounds of sizzling bacon filling the air alongside her humming.

Grammy must've heard to come down as she spoke without turning "Good morning Lily." Grammy said with a smile in her voice.

"Morning grandma" Lily said with a wide smile and her Grammy turned around and gave Lily a kind smile. Grammy was always up early in the morning, sometimes she'd even be in the garden tending to the flowers.

Her parents were the same so it was a little surprising – and disappointing – to see them not up yet. "Your parents are out to Verdant Valley. They'll be back soon I should think." Grammy said as she looked at the clock that hung by the backdoor before she turned to Lily.

"You're a little up earlier than usual." Grammy said with a knowing smile.

"Is there a special reason?" Grammy said with a hum in her voice whilst she turned the bacon. Lily knew that Grammy was teasing her, everyone knew how important today was! She even borrowed dad's old alarm to make sure she wouldn't miss it!

Lily took a seat by the kitchen stand nearby the shopping dial "A special letter."

She tapped on the round dial and a holo popped up. She cycled through the food and drinks until she saw a carton of orange juice and she tapped on it.

A small pop later, a small carton of orange juice arrived in the delivery square and she picked it up before she pulled the straw and pierced through the carton.

"Ah." Grammy said as she turned to Lily, her soulful emerald eyes that were so similar to her own gazing down at her. Lily was very grateful that she inherited Grammy's eyes as well as her name rather than mum's blue ones like Petunia did.

It was so very pretty.

"You mean this letter?" Grammy said playfully as she fished out an envelope from her apron and Lily itched to float the envelope into her own hands but that would be rude so she settled on waiting impatiently

Grammy must have sensed her impatience because she chuckled as she gave the envelope to Lily and she carefully looked it over and her hand trailed over the school emblem. There was a big 'H' in the middle of the emblem with a lion, a snake, a raven and a badger around it. Gold rimmed the edges of the emblem.

"Lily, you're shaking." She heard her Grammy said and she looked up to her Grammy who looked kindly at her before she looked at her hands again. She was shaking.

She had looked forward to this day for so long from the moment she learnt from her classmates about the best school in all of Avalon. She took a deep breath before she opened the envelope gently and began to read

HOGWARTS PREMIER SCHOOL OF MAGICKS

Dear Ms Evans,

We are pleased to inform you of your acceptance to the Hogwarts Class of 1978.

Please find enclosed a list of all the necessary books and equipment.

The term begins on 1st​ of September.

We await your owl by no later than 31st​ of July.

Yours Sincerely,

Headmaster of Hogwarts,
Horace H. Slughorn

She squealed out of joy as she let the letter go which Grammy picked up and read before she looked up at Lily with a warm but also a little strange look on her face. "Congratulations Lily. I'm happy for you" Grammy said and Lily jumped off her seat and careened into her Grammy.

"Best birthday ever!" Lily squealed out as she hugged her Grammy who chuckled softly as she patted Lily's back. She was afraid that she wouldn't get to go to the same as Alice and Marlie and Sarah because her magic wasn't strong enough because she was squib-born and would have to go to somewhere like the Dolorian Public School which was for people whose magic was very weak.

She knew it wasn't true and her friends had told her so too.

Just as dad told her last night.

She'd been the top student in her class for the past three years and she excelled in Magical Theory and Wandless Practical which was unheard of for a squib-born. But Frederick Pucey's and his stupid friends' comments hurt a lot and she thought maybe…

She would not doubt herself again, Lily vowed.

"Why don't you go and wake Petunia up? Breakfast is almost ready and you can share the news with her" Grammy said gently as she unpeeled Lily from her and Lily was struck silent at the serious look she was giving Lily "Don't rub it in." she warned Lily and Lily nodded seriously as her excitement died down a little.

"I won't" Lily promised.

She knew that Tuney was very grateful to also have magic but Lily also knew that it stung her that Lily was so good with magic and that Tuney would only be ever at best below average even once she went through all of the rest of her maturities.

Still, Tuney was the best and helped her a lot when she'd cried to Tuney about the bullies'. Tuney was very smart and had helped her a lot with her classes when she professed she wanted to be the best at the school which was difficult to achieve when most were from magic-native families.

She got into Tuney's room carefully and saw that she was still asleep and she felt mischievous and drew in a deep breath. She shouted from the top of her lungs "TUUUNEYY, IT'S MY BIRTHDAY!" before she launched herself on top of her yelping confused no-longer-sleeping sister.

"Wha- What, you little !" Tuney tried to say, progressively a little angrier and Lily couldn't help but giggle louder. Tuney finally made it out of the little duvet prison.

Lily yelped out as she tried to scooter away but Tuney got her by the ankle "Gotcha, you little beast" she said as she pulled at Lily's ankle and proceeded to tickle her to death.

"S-s-STOP" Lily managed to say in between her unstoppable bout of giggles that were turning a little painful "P-p-PLEASE" Tuney stopped and Lily managed to breathe again.

"Don't…" Tuney began lowly and Lily turned her head towards Tuney and saw Tuney giving her a death-ray of a look "do that again or I will think of a way to make new potions with Lily ingredients" she said dangerously with slitted eyes. Her blonde hair was like a mane and she looked like a dangerous depraved lion.

Lily gulped before she nodded. Tuney could be horrible in the morning and she probably deserved it a little. Tuney sighed "Come on, get up." She said and Lily scooted up and sat on her bed. Tuney's eyes widened slightly before they narrowed.

"So?" Tuney only asked, her blue eyes penetrating deeply into her.

Lily allowed a tremulous smile before she nodded and Lily waited anxiously. Tuney's expression didn't change for several seconds before they softened and opened up her arms. "I knew you'd get in." Tuney said warmly and Lily launched herself into her sister's arms, pleased and relieved that Tuney was happy for her.

"Happy birthday Lily" Tuney said as they broke away from the hug. Tuney let off an amused smile "I doubt any presents or cake can compare today, huh?" Tuney said with amusement. Yes, not even double choc cake could compare to the acceptance!

A little while later, when she was eating with Grammy and Tuney, an array of explosions happened behind her making her jump in fright and she swivelled around and saw big words with lilies curling at the end of each letter hovering in the air that spelled out 'Happy Birthday!'.

But that wasn't all, there was also 'congratulations' mixed into them with her parents looking very happily at her as they walked in with a few hover-baskets and Lily turned around looking at her grandma who was smiling at her warmly as she tapped on her com-watch.

It was a few hours later that they left the house around noon time after she had her little family party that she loved even if she was a little impatient to get her supplies and her books and her wand! Grammy was even coming this time!

As they sat on the Flying Tram that seemed to ride along invisible rails through the sky, she stared out from the windows as they left Avalon Heights, the views of beautiful homes and shops of all kinds, big and small, towering and wide, was scenic even if it was growing smaller as seconds passed. It was home. Her home.

A home in the North Sea not far from Lewis and Harris Island on an island that was long hidden from the mundanes and where only ten years ago was home to dozens of Hebridean Black dragons before they were moved to make way for Avalon Heights.

It was the second largest town in Avalon though there were many other much smaller magical only villages in the Hebrides islands and the Scottish Highlands.

It had not also been like so, no, things had begun to change some ten years ago when Avalon was restored when the Queen – it was a shock to learn that there was another Queen! – had found the legendary sword of King Arthur, Excalibur.

As the heir to Arthur Pendragon, Queen Emily decreed the restoration of Avalon and thus came the total secession from Britain in 1958 which was things really changed.

Villages were built in Scotland as people moved away from mundane places like London and Manchester and Liverpool – even from Godric's Hollow because of how close it was to mundane towns and cities.

Marlie's dad was part of the Avalon planning committee so Marlie knew a little of the details and so Lily knew too. Marlie had a lot of pride of what her dad had helped build though Mrs Fawcett helped explained a little more about the changes.

Apparently not everyone was happy with leaving their homes and very old centres of trade, even the nobility, but the King and Queen of Avalon and Illos had convinced everyone according to Ms Fawcett and so history was made.

Speaking of history, Hogsmeade's name was changed to Morfay to symbolise the birth of the new capital of Avalon and it was the seat of the Council of Avalon, a democratically elected council of mages, and the seat of the House of Lords where all of the old nobility had a small say in what changes are being made.

Her dad said that a lot of the magically raised adults had said that a lot of changes had happened in the past twenty years, especially since she was born. Things like the Flying-Tram, the holo, the food delivery and all kinds of other things all happened at the same time and that it was like a 'golden age' whatever that meant.

Soon enough they were flying over the North Sea and she never could get tired of watching the deep blue sea. She rarely got to leave Avalon Heights. Not when it had everything they needed as one of the larger towns in all of Avalon with nearly six thousand people calling the place home which was like fifteen percent of the entire population of Avalon!

And that didn't even compare to the eighty thousand that called Illos home! She sighed inaudibly, her mind drifting like the sea that looked so vast.

One day she'd be there for real instead of watching holo-vids of the huge flying country with its flying cars and the magical creatures that lived alongside people, she vowed. She would definitely sign up to the inter-school exchange program in her third year! Maybe she'd even get to see Aziza or Ame-No-Ukihashi!

The Flying-Tram sped up as it crossed the waters between the Avalon Heights and the mainland of Scotland and after half an hour passing over the mountainous and hilly parts of Scotland, they were finally approaching Morfay station with the capital clear to see behind it.

As they disembarked from the Tram, she couldn't help but think the station was amazing! It had changed a lot since the last time she'd been here!

The ceiling was high and it had pillars that looked they were grown together in a honeycomb like way that merged as they created the ceiling with glass in the between the triangular shapes that showed every light imaginable making it seem like they were on a rainbow bridge like in the M-Vision show The Adventures of the Warrior Three!

She felt a hand on her shoulder and she twisted around and saw her dad smile at her a little amused "Come on, this isn't the only thing that's changed in the last three years" her dad said to her and she felt a huge swell of excitement.

What else had changed?!

She'd come to Morfay first in 1966 when they moved from Cokesworth and at that time there was a lot of building happening. The second time had been in 1968 when they went shopping for Tuney who was going to the Dolorian Public School.

They left the station and they descended down the huge and long stairs that reminded her a little of the Pyramids with how long it was though she could see why it was done!

From here she could see everything in Morfay.

There were not many tall buildings, after all, there was little need for it when there were things like space expansion charms – and the fact that there were only twenty thousand people in the capital anyway – but there were so many of all kinds just like there were in Avalon Heights just bigger and…more.

Though what Morfay had that Avalon Heights didn't even in small amounts was that huge building at the very centre, Circum Domum which only really meant 'The Round House' – a strange name Lily thought – which was where most of the government was located.

It was a huge building made out of black stone that really stood out even more as it towered over the capital. Mrs Fawcett said that the governmental building was made out of basalt stone out of symbolism. To display strength and courage as it brought stability and steadfastness during an era of many changes.

She found it a bit strange that stone could mean that much to people!

Soon enough they were walking the streets Morfay and her eyes sparkled with wonder as she took in everything! As much as things seemed similar since she'd last been, there was a lot that really changed too, she thought with wonder.

The streets were packed with people and kids her age and it was almost difficult to walk through the crowd "Stay close" Grammy said as she held firmly onto Lily's arm and Lily wanted to say that she need to worry but the look of concern on her Grammy's face stopped her.

"Are you alright, Grammy?" Lily asked quietly as they followed dad and mum and Tuney who were just in front of them. Grammy looked down kindly at her and Lily was growing a little more concerned from the way Grammy's eyes looked sad.

She'd forgotten that this was only the second time Grammy had come to Morfay. Grammy never wanted to leave Avalon Heights preferring to stay home all the time.

"I am" Grammy reassured Lily with a smile before she looked up towards the stores. "Just a little…overwhelmed." She said before she looked down again with a brightening smile "There's a lot to see, isn't there?"

Lily gave Grammy a blinding smile before she nodded and peered her gaze towards the wonders before her. Grammy was very right for there were adverts of all kinds floated around above every other shop and they were different from one another, they shared the same similar misty blue hue.

Some, like the Wiggle Potions Shop, were copies of people who held cauldrons and opened their robes to reveal all kinds of ingredients hanging off of their inside robes whilst others like Cunbridge Arts and Portraits had items and utensils making elaborate but fun motions to draw you in and Lily delighted in it all.

That wasn't the only thing that was surprising her as they bought the list of ingredients and equipment she'd need for Hogwarts, no, everywhere where they went she heard all kinds of accents and different languages and peoples!

She heard French, Spanish, Swahili and even a few people that sounded like Mr Lally the leprechaun from the cartoon The Druid and the Singer.

Not only that, people wearing all kinds of clothes were around, including what she thought was wicked and colourful robes worn by a dark man.

"Morfay has become a centre of the magical world" dad said as they walked away from the famous bookstore Flourish and Blotts that relocated when all of the Alleys were relocated away from London to Morfay towards their final destination.

"Mr Gunn said that with Illos restricting travel only to those of specific citizenry under treaty much like Aziza and Ukihashi, Morfay is seen as a go-between." Tuney piped up next to mum. Mr Gunn was her professor of International Magical History.

Despite Avalon and Illos being part of a union, both had their own government even if they shared the same King and Queen. Though Marlie once said that her dad thought the next time the referendum is held in 1983, her dad thought that full union was really going to happen. Maybe even Ireland would join the union by that time!

Apparently Marlie's dad thought the danger of the mundane world blowing everyone up was really too high to remain on the island of Britain.

"Like Alexandria?" Lily asked and Tuney nodded.

"Yes. Mr Gunn also said that it wouldn't be long before Morfay overtook Alexandria as the centre of the magical world." Tuney paused for a moment.

"Well, at least the free parts of the magical world" Tuney said uncaringly.

"Tuney" their mum said warningly with a reproaching look and Tuney sniffed a little but said nothing further.

Lily looked a little put out but she kept her tongue quiet. It wasn't as she didn't know what was happening in the world even if they thought her too little.

Still, she paid it no mind as the dingy store sign of Ollivander's came into view, a shop that looked out of place in comparison to the smooth buildings and clean stores that surrounded the shop.

Yet despite beaten down look of the shop, she felt a burble of excitement in her core. Even if all kids were allowed to practice some magic freely at home and at school, they were not allowed wands until they were eleven years of age.

She despaired about that, especially after Marlie said her father told her that children in Aziza and in Illos were allowed at the very least totems or other foci if they proved they were responsible enough even before they started secondary magical education!

They entered the shop and a bell tinkled as they walked through. Lily's eyes swept across the shop. Everything in the place looked old, from the table before her, to the books and the lights that lit up the store and she couldn't help but wonder if the shop was the same since 382 BC!

An old man with more greying hair than blonde peered through an opening from the back of the store and she was captured by the strange pale eyes the man had, eyes that made her ill at ease.

She felt like he was a character from the novels she'd read, those wise old men who knew the heroes of her stories more than they knew themselves.

"Ah, welcome" the old man said as he walked over towards his till with sauntering speed. His gaze fell on Grammy and it had a strange quality to it and she could see Grammy visibly wilt under the old man's gaze and Lily felt an anger rising but as soon as it rose, Ollivander broke his gaze from Grammy and looked past her to Tuney. "Petunia Evans. Birch wood, rigid and eleven inches with a unicorn hair." The old man muttered.

"Has the wand served you well?"

"It has." Petunia said a little stiffly and Lily could see her hold the wand a little too tightly. The old man only hummed drawing her attention once again and she almost took a step back under the weight of his gaze

"We're here for my youngest daughter, Lily Evans." Her father said before she felt his hand on her back. She hadn't come to Ollivander's last time when Tuney came for her wand.

"The natural witch." Ollivander said curiously.

She felt her dad's hand grow still and she looked up.

His expression was calm but she could sense the anger in his eyes. Petunia wasn't as guarded with her emotions and Lily could see her withdraw into herself.

Lily swivelled her head back towards the old man, anger boiling from within.

Idiots like Pucey made fun of Lily because she was squib-born but that was nothing compared to what other idiots said to Tuney, saying like she didn't deserve being 'gifted' magic, that she wasn't natural because she wasn't born with active magic.

She remembered when Tuney cried to mum about people calling her a 'fake' witch or saying that her magic wasn't real and it wasn't true at all. It was even hypocritical when everyone knew even the old families had kids that went through the treatment to fix their magic!

"My sister is also a natural witch!" Lily said furiously.

"She can do magic like anyone else!"

"My daughter is correct, Mr Ollivander." Her dad said with sternness in his voice.

"I hold no prejudices against those who were…gifted magic." Ollivander said after a few blinks later before he tilted his head curiously "I meant no offense"

A tense few moments passed before dad spoke up "Mr Ollivander."

"Yes, yes" Mr Ollivander said, nodding his head with each word he spoke "Shall we find you a wand, Ms Evans?" Dad pushed her a little forward and she breathed out slightly as she walked forward.

"What is your dominant hand?"

"I'm ambidextrous." Lily said a little nervously.

Mr Ollivander's eyebrows raised "How curious" he muttered as he picked up a tape measure with intricate markings from his pocket before he bid her to come closer.

"Hold out both of your arms then."

She did as he asked and measured her left arm first from the shoulder down to her hand before he measured her left shoulder to the floor then knee to armpit.

He repeated it again with her right side "Your right hand is slightly more dominant than your left hand." Ollivander said as he put away his tape measurer and moved back behind his till and his eyes roved over the boxes on the right side of the shop.

"Let's try Holly, nine inches, bendy with a core of dragon heart string"

It hadn't been a match and so began attempted match after attempted match until nearly ten minutes passed before he brought out another box "Let's see if this is the right one" Ollivander said and opened the box.

The wand had a dark brown hue with a slight greenish tint to it yet that wasn't what struck her, no, it was the strangest of feelings…like she already knew that this was her wand. The box drew closer to her. "Go on." Ollivander's gentle words had a sense of urging behind it.

"Take it."

Her hand moved towards the wand and she rolled the wand into her palm and she breathed in as she felt a kind of magic she'd never felt before. It was indescribable, like she was always meant to have this wand and it felt so so right.

She was brimming with magic, so much so that the tip of her wand shot off a shower of electric golden light that sparkled and fizzed before they turned into a shower of vivid red and brilliant greens.

"Wonderful" Ollivander breathed and she returned her gaze to the old man and she blinked out of surprise with the way his pale silver like eyes stared down at her.

"Ten a quarter inches, swishy, made of willow. Good for charm work. Good for those with great potential" Mr Ollivander said in a quiet but appraising voice.

She broke away her gaze but her hand tightened around her wand, the feeling of rightness subsiding but she could see feel the echoes of it thrumming within her.

"Seven galleons?" her father asked and she could hear the unease in his voice.

"Yes." Mr Ollivander said and they couldn't get out of his shop quickly enough.

"Was he like…that with Petunia?" Grammy asked of her parents, rousing them all from the silent struck state they were in.

"He wasn't that weird" Tuney said before she looked at Lily with a strange look on her face "or creepy" Tuney muttered under her breath.

"Enough." Her dad said firmly and checked the time "Well, we've gotten what we needed. Let's go home, shall we?" her dad said and no one really protested.

Still, Lily wondered as she still kept holding her wand, no matter how…creepily…the day ended, she was still as happy as she ever was.

Her gaze went towards to the distance towards where the signs signalled where Hogwarts was. 'Soon' she thought to herself. Soon she'd be at Hogwarts, a new start, a new challenge in her life and she couldn't wait to meet it!

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

3rd​ of February 1971 – Hewlett Harbour, New York

Pandora Agoralos POV

"Remind me to introduce milkshakes back home." Atticus said happily with a sigh before he drank of his strawberry milkshake – his third so far – again.

She took a sip from her own chocolate milkshake and hummed agreeably. She wasn't sure why they hadn't had any milkshakes, they had ice cream and sorbets and flavoured tea.

It was a bit of a travesty really.

One of the waitresses came by, Tracey, with a wide beaming smile and a lingering look at Atticus "Would you like anything else?" she asked though Pandora could sense the hopeful note to her voice that was a little too much.

Atticus smiled kindly at the woman "No thank you" Atticus said in a perfect New York accent before he eyed Pandora for a moment and she shook her head "We are satisfied for the moment."

"Alright then. Well if you need anything else, just give me a hoot" the blond waitress said with a wink before she sauntered away.

"Gross." Pandora muttered.

Atticus was as close as a fatherly figure she had in her life and the last thing she needed was to see others try to flirt with him.

"She wasn't that bad." Atticus said with a smile that was far from innocent.

Pandora only sent Atticus a look which caused him to smile a little wider as he rolled his eyes. She knew that Atticus was very much devoted to Emily and vice versa but she also was learning that Atticus quite liked the normality of flirtatious muggle women who didn't know who he was.

And who didn't know who his wife was either.

"Watch." Atticus only said as he nodded towards the door and she straightened up a little. Atticus had taken her on a trip through America – illegally – for the past few days.

She had thought the purpose of the trip had been to meet Comanche, an elderly Native American whose aura was amazing and so attuned to the natural world that she thought her Sight had gone wonky but it turned that it was only a side trip and that the main reason was so that she would learn something truly astonishing…

As if learning a little from magicals who could communicate with the forests, the plains, the rocks and animals wasn't astonishing!

An aging bespectacled man walk through the diner on his lonesome sporting what she could only describe as a caterpillar for a moustache above his upper lip whilst wearing what was quite curious khaki clothes.

One of the waitresses came to meet him with a kind smile on her face with a look that said that she knew the man rather well. The man was seated towards the far end of the diner and Atticus stood up.

Pandora eyed him curiously and more than a little confusedly. What was so special about that man? She got up and followed.

"Mr Stan Lee?" Atticus asked with a respectful tone and the bespectacled man looked up, a little startled before he gave a warm smile before he turned his gaze to him.

"That's me." The man said with a smile.

"I'm a great, great fan of your work, sir." Atticus said with wonder in his voice.

The man chuckled heartily and looked at Atticus amused as he looked him over. "You're a little different from the demographic that usually love my work."

Pandora's lips twisted in mild amusement at the way the man looked at Atticus. Atticus as much as she would never say it out loud was a handsome man even with those dull brown eyes that he wore in the muggle world.

Atticus looked reproachful as he scratched the back of his head "Ah, your comic books helped me through some tough times sir. For that I can only thank you from the bottom of my heart."

The man's expressions softened "I'm glad I could help." The man said genuinely before he paused for a second as he peered at them curiously.

"Why don't you sit? I could do with some fine company this mornin'."

"Oh gosh, really? Thank you Mr Lee." Atticus prattled and she struggled to keep her giggles down at the over-exaggerated acting. Atticus gestured her to slide in before him though not before their gazes met.

'Open your Sight and look" Atticus delivered to the front of her mind and she gave a slight nod as she sat down. She sighed a little, her sight activated and the world turned brighter as she opened herself to the universe.

The sounds of Atticus and the man talking were reduced to mere whispers and almost immediately she was drawn to him. It was so odd, so surreal to all that she'd seen before and she'd seen a lot in her eighteen years of life.

Pandora couldn't help but stare at the man, the strange lights that surrounded him was so unlike anything she'd ever seen before. It was almost like he was the epicentre of a black hole, light and matter bending around him in disconcerting ways.

Except it wasn't light or matter. It was almost as if the fabric of reality were twisted around him in knots and ties and anchors that seemed like it didn't belong here and now.

Bending and twisted reality that somehow seemed slightly out of phase, like ghostly images of reality that was seen through concave lenses, his shape distorted at the edges of his being, and she couldn't grasp how…or why it was happening.

She felt no magic from him yet she felt nothing ordinary from him, it was as if her eyes were defective.

She must've been staring for a little too long because the man looked at her a little quizzically, almost humorously and she blinked several times before she flushed a little out of embarrassment "Sorry…I'm a big fan." She said a little lamely.

Thankfully the man seemed to accept and laughed heartily before Atticus thankfully interceded and continued his conversation about some kind of X-men and mutants.

"I saw what you mean." Pandora said as they crossed the road once the walking signal went green. "He is…odd." She said with a frown.

"He is." Atticus agreed, a strange smile on his face, his eyes alight with fascination as they made it back to their blue automobile that was being eyed by more than few passer-by's.

She supposed it wasn't surprising if the 1969 Ford Mustang automobile was akin to a second generation Mercury skymobile even if she thought it was a messy creation that made a lot of harmful gas.

Really, why couldn't the muggles make something less noisy and harmful instead of putting all of their ingenuity into making those terrible nuclear bombs?

As she went towards the passenger seat, she saw him look at her with curiosity.

"Tell me what you think." He said to her before he got in and she paused momentarily as she pondered it over. She opened the door and got in, a thoughtful frown on her face. Truth was, she really wasn't sure at all what to think. Only…

"Is he really from here?" she finally settled on as she looked to him and she saw his lips widen as he stuck the key into the strange slot and turned it, the automobile coming to life.

"He is most certainly born mundane and raised mundane." He said as he glanced at her.

"What makes you think otherwise?" he asked her and she knew that she was on the right track. He had a tell, a pleased tone of voice that bore hints of encouragement.

The automobile began to move and she turned away, her eyes fixed on the diner that they were passing by. "Because he is different. perceived different. Not like muggles or magicals who are both very different still feel…the same?" she said with a wince, a little bit unhappy with the way she was explaining.

"Don't be discouraged." She heard him say and she turned to him and saw that he was giving her a warm smile. "You're much further ahead than I was at your age, Pandora."

Atticus paused as he turned his gaze back on the road. "You are more or less right. Mr Lee is a very, very special man. I believe Mr Lee is a convergence across universes."

"Convergence?" 'universes?'

Atticus hummed as he leaned back in his chair, his eyes never leaving the road. "Convergence." He affirmed. "I believe that in any universe, in every universe, there is a Stan Lee in existence." A smile tugged on his face.

"I believe that what we're seeing is that convergence, that slight difference in universal resonance that is utterly unique to him." He further explained.

"So the twisting…" she trailed off and Atticus made a contented noise.

"Yes, I believe that is part of the phenomena that allows him to be connected to other versions of himself." Atticus said and Pandora sat back in her chair, her mind wandering away in a maze of thought.

Convergences had a special place in magic.

When planets were aligned, specific acts of magic in line, attuned to the alignment of planets whose meanings were rooted in magic could be achieved. Specific acts of magic that were terrifying acts of great power.

It was said that the ancient druids of Northern Europe and Britain had used the convergence of Venus and Jupiter in their ritual to 'warm' Europe.

A powerful, terrifying display of magic that may have ended up warming the entire planet and in the process ending the ice age.

So for this man to be a convergence across universes...

She dreaded to think what could be done with that if that was actually really true.

"How is that even possible?" she finally asked, her voice teeming with hopeful doubt. She knew that the man was far too odd to be normal but connected to every version of himself across universes?

That was just…

"I don't know." Atticus said with a hint of excitement in his voice. "But the fact that is it even possible in the first place…" Atticus hummed with a pleased note in his voice.

"Mind you" Atticus continued, his tone more reflective now. "I wasn't sure until we met with the man today." Atticus said as he glanced at her.

"You read his mind?" Pandora asked with a frown.

"I did." Atticus confirmed as he met her gaze, a warm smile on his face that reassured her a little. "Nothing too invasive. I was more interested in his inspiration for his work" Atticus' eyes now seemed to gleam a little as they made it off of the main road towards the countryside.

"His dreams are too vivid, too real, for them to be simply dreams. Events in other universes filter through his subconscious and that is what is responsible for his work, at least for the most part."

Pandora digested that. The idea of other universes were not that crazy to her.

After all, researchers at Illos had confirmed the existence of no less than six different dimensions very alien to their own reality so the idea of other universes extant that are parallel to their own…

"What makes him so special?" She finally asked after a while. If there were parallel universes, shouldn't all of them be connected to their counterparts?

"I don't know." Atticus said cheerfully as he tapped on the wheel. "Why him, why Mr Stan Lee, I don't know. Maybe he won the lottery of multi-universal randomness, maybe it isn't random at all." Atticus expression turned into a deep frown.

"I suspect that we would be very unlikely able to determine which one is righter than the other." Atticus turned to her with a contemplative look.

"I wanted you to see that there are many questions to the universe that one might spend a lifetime deciphering, perhaps more than a few lifetimes even."

Pandora smiled at her pseudo-uncle.

Most people only knew him as the King and the greatest wizard in all of history.

In Illos, he was the man who, with his wife, built their homeland and who they had to thank for the growing legend of the Illosian people and their magic that was gaining a reputation of being Atlantean like. The man who people were utterly devoted to with their hearts and magic and who venerated him akin to a god.

A veneration that was not dissimilar in Avalon where he was their hero and who with the aid of Emily was ushering a golden age hitherto unseen.

Yet despite all the ways people knew him and interacted with him, few got to see this side of him, this goofy academic dreamer that loved to teach and who marvelled and wondered at the great questions the universe posed to him, to them.

That was not to say, she was so blind to who Atticus Sayre could be.

She knew that he had an absolutely terrifying side to him. She'd Seen enough from her glimpses of the future that Atticus had earned the fear of many people in the magical world.

Whether they feared him because of feats of creation like Aziza and Ame-no-ukihashi or because of his capacity for death and destruction against would be enemies, mattered not. After all, each was a side of the same coin and Atticus was someone who sat on the very edge until he needed to be one side or the other.

It was a shame, she thought silently, really. She thought he was born to stand on that edge forever, that side that defied everything in his quest to search for answers.

It was a shame that he didn't get to be this side of himself more often and even more so that all but a few would even get to see this side of him.

It was a beautiful side.

And his most true side.

"Questions that one might never find an answer to, even you?" Pandora asked quite curiously. Atticus chuckled slightly before he inclined his head before he turned his gaze forward, a few moments of silence passing between them.

"Just so." He said a little quietly, his expression shifting into a distant look.

"But perhaps…perhaps one day we might find what makes Mr Stan Lee so special…and what it means for us" Atticus said, his voice trailing off as he spoke.

She understood what he meant. If it was a natural phenomenon, one born from utter and total randomness then that would have been one thing but…

She shared his hidden doubt that it was random.

The way things spiralled around Mr Lee…

That had a touch of something more.

The rest of the journey towards Wharton State forest – where they had a little enclave protected from the impressive magical sensors of MACUSA they developed in response to Atticus' portals – was quiet and she leaned her head against the window, staring out towards the green but lightly snowy countryside of northern America.

The last few days had been the only time she'd ever been to America yet she was widely impressed by the country, not least by its nature and its creatures.

Comanche, the leader of the Iroquois people, had told her many stories of his ancestors and the lands they or other peoples inhabited. With so many different peoples from different backgrounds, Pandora had never been sheltered away from different ways of life or ways of looking at magic yet she had found herself quite in love with the way the Iroquois had seen magic.

They believed magic was the connection between nature and the spirit world where ancestors and great spirits dwelled, a unifying force of energy that permeated throughout all of existence. It was so close to how her mother had taught her and found herself grateful to Comanche for sharing his and his peoples' perspective.

MACUSA also – finally – was recognising their very beautiful way of looking at life and magic and were listening more and more to the ancestral peoples of this beautiful lands according to Comanche so she was very happy for them.

It would have been a shame to see such beautiful people neglected.

She blinked away her thoughts, an unconscious smile coming across her face.

She would have to come here again with Xeno, she thought with warmness. Maybe if he was more attuned to nature he might find that ever evasive Horned Snorkack, she thought with a spark in her moonstruck eyes.

They travelled further down Route 206 though she had put on the radio and it was a highlight when 'I Want You Back' by the Jackson 5 came on.

She'd Seen herself go to a Michael Jackson concert with Xeno long in the future and she found it quite neat to know how far he'll go in the future.

Soon enough they arrived at their destination.

Atticus waved at his clothes, the mundane clothing of shirt and trousers disappearing as his distinct royal Rosi clothing materialised over him and just as his clothes changed so did his demeanour as an air of regal authority began to manifest around him.

"Ready?" Atticus asked her and she nodded as she tapped her backpack.

"Got everything"

"Good. You'll come with me to the Main Tower. Your mother will be waiting for you there." Atticus told her. She nodded easily. Mum would've Seen her coming.

Atticus raised his hand and orange runes flashed into existence before they spread out and the portal at the centre grew into one large enough to fit the pair of them.

They walked through and arrived at the central dais in Sayres Gardens, the majestic Celestis Mount coming into view all while she felt the familiar and powerful magic of Illos seep through her, once more feeling content. She always missed it any time she was away from Illos and had struggled in her first few months away at Hogwarts.

"Your Majesty" the dozen guards saluted Atticus.

"Gentlemen." The King acknowledged.

"Is my transport ready?"

"It is, Your Majesty." One of the guards said and soon enough they were led towards outward towards the skymobile and in the air.

Even Kings were bound by rules, she thought as they rose and rose in the air. With his portal magic, he could easily go anywhere in Illos but that would be breaching 'etiquette' according to mother when she'd once asked as a child.

As they moved past the base of Celestis Mount, the Eternal City grew in her line of sight and an unconscious smile grew on her face. She had seen a bit of mundane America, especially New York City, which is said to be the most developed of the mundane world yet…

It could not compare to the Eternal City. Even if she wasn't biased since it was home.

She watched as a few skymobiles and skybikes darted around in the skyline, the content feeling increasing in strength.

How could a city compare, a city that was made from grey and slab stone compare to that of a city teeming with tall silver white stoned buildings that shone brightly at any angle under the Sun, glittering like timeless jewels topped with golden animated statues on the roofs of many domed buildings and pillars?

A city that was ringed with clear blue waters of such purity that one could see the underwater villages of the Merpeople and their herd of Hippocampus?

A city that had Veela, Sirens, Dwarves, Mages, all living together in harmony and peace where all had homes to go home to and careers in comparison to the heart breaking poverty and homelessness she'd seen in New York City?

No…

No, she thought as they passed by the Pandrosion Institute, the school with spiralling towers and arching bridges built from crystalline stone that seemed to be carved from a single block of crystals, the sight of a game of Threepeller in the courtyard vaguely see-able, no…

New York City could not compare to the majesty of her home.

The skymobile descended down at the central platform where she could see her mother waiting with a few guards and as the skymobile landed.

"Hypatia." Atticus said with a small smile.

"Your Majesty" her mother said with a coy smile before she looked to her, her eyes squinting a little. "You look tanned." Her mother said with a deadpanned tone.

Pandora's eyebrows raised before she looked at her arms. "I haven't…." she looked up back at her mother "Have I?"

Her mother nodded seriously. "Like a fourth of a shade."

Huh, she thought to herself. That was quite a lot for only day and a half under the shade of Midwestern sun. She definitely would go back to the Iroquois.

"Right" Atticus said with a clap "As much as I would love to stay" he paused with an amused glint in his gaze before he lost it and looked her directly in the eye.

"Think on what you saw." Atticus said to her as she met his gaze.

A few moments before she nodded a little slowly. She knew for certain that this trip would have later ramifications, ramifications that would lead her down a path that Atticus had Seen be important.

As much as she liked the trip with her pseudo-uncle, she wasn't so ditsy to not realise that as much as he might be a dreamer, he was foremost a King and a leader.

Every action had meaning and purpose behind it.

"I will." She promised and Atticus' expression softened before he nodded and turned away slightly but not before looking over his shoulder as he began to walk away, his guards in tow.

"Don't forget to come by soon. I will have milkshakes at the ready" Atticus said as he walked away and her lips twitched as she shook her head in amusement.

"Milkshakes?" her mother asked curiously and Pandora seized her mother's arm and linked her own with that of her mother's.

"Imagine your favourite ice cream, pistachios and salty caramel but instead as a fluffy and runny liquid drunk out of a straw" Pandora said conspiratorially.

The gleam in her mother's eye made it clear they would be catching up with a gallon of pistachios and salty caramel milkshake.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

5th​ of February – Daily Prophet Headquarters, Morfay Avalon

Theodore Pyrites POV

His fingers were silent as they danced on the holo-keys, words and sentences flowing likes trickles of water down the grooves in weathered rock.

He leaned back in his chair, a light exhale escaping his lips as he put down the last exclamation mark, his eyes trailing across the headlines.

'CROATIA AND SLOVENIA ON HIGH ALERT AMIDST TROUBLING ACTIVITY AT THE HUNGARIAN BORDER!'

A grim frown adorned on his face. Europe was a shambles. Truly.

The Ravenites had nearly all of Eastern and Southern Europe under its sphere of influence if not actually ruling it outright. Even Italy was now no longer independent from the reaching claws of the Ravenites with some Italian Senators openly spewing the Ravenitic Ideology in the Senate no less.

He hoped that they would be able to resist, truly, he did.

Even if it came at the cost of war.

He grimaced before he sighed and gripped the bridge of his nose.

He remained like that for a few minutes, his mind thankfully taking a pause before his thoughts once more came back with the fury of a lightning storm.

He let go of the bridge of his nose and stared at the headlines that he wrote. How ironic the contrast between the British Isles and Europe was…

Where Britain – later Avalon – had grown and grown, both in power and in population, over the past thirteen years, Europe had only gotten worse.

Where Avalon became enlightened, Europe was cast down into a dark, dark age.

Well, at least that was the narrative, he mused to himself silently. Avalon, as much as it projected a sense of superiority to the rest of the magical world, still had its own issues…especially like the way it dealt with the squibborns.

Yet despite what some families would accuse the law being draconian and inhumane, it was a solution that the detractors had no answer to safe for returning to the status quo, something even South American, African and much of Asia were abandoning and instead actually replicating due to the success they'd seen in Avalon.

After all, even they had realised how dangerous the muggles were getting after the Cuban Missile Crisis in '62.

In any case, it was still a narrative was truer than not, this enlightened era they were in, an era in stark contrast to that of what was happening in Europe.

A strange mix of blood purism and fascism was borne out of the cesspits of Bulgaria that washed over Europe much like the Black Plague once washed over Mundane Europe so many centuries ago and it seemed to be unstoppable.

Just like that insidious plague, countries were beset suddenly and Ministries were toppled as they had never been there in the first place.

Hungary in 1959.

Slovakia, Moldovia and Serbia in 1960.

Germany and the Scandinavian League allied with the Ravenites in 1961.

Lithuania-Poland, Czechia and Austria in 1962.

Greece, the home of some of the most powerful families in all of Europe…1964.

After that, the smaller Ministries in Eastern and Southern Europe fell like dominos yet the worst had yet to come.

Russia…

The home of the people that resisted Grindelwald with the blood and magic of thousands…fell just as easily as Albania did in 1967.

He shook his head. And the ICW did nothing against them.

Though…

It was looking like they never really had the power to do anything anyway…

Not after all of the things he had heard all those years ago and further confirmed lately through accurate sources from those in the ICW and those who had connections to the organisation.

He sighed as he grimaced. The ICW was all but a nundu made out of parchment with traitors painted across the organisation like unwanted stains.

How ironic it was that only fourteen years it was the strongest it had ever been, preparing itself with war against Illos and the Sayres when only a decade and a bit later it was looking ten times weaker than it had been in the immediate aftermath of the Grindelwald war!

It seemed like after the infamous conference of '57 between Illos and the ICW, everything had fallen apart for the organisation, as if something had been cut loose descending the organisation into a spiral of indecision and power grabs and incompetence culminating into a corrupt body that was a shadow of its self.

He stared at the headlines once more before he shook his head and pressed the button to send it to one of his staff to fact check. He wished the poor bastards in Croatia and Slovenia the best of luck.

They had relied on the good relations they had with Atticus and Illos to remain free but he was doubtful that was going to stop them. Not anymore.

Especially if the rumours were true…that the Raven and Cullaica were Archmages.

The dread in the pit of his stomach deepened. He knew almost for certain that they were Archmages. Selene's accounting of the butchery of her strongest people at the hands of Cullaica could be nothing short of the strength of an Archmage.

He'd seen Selene's strength for his own and if she wasn't even the strongest of her lot, a lot that attacked and died at the wand tip of Cullaica…

He'd dreaded to think how powerful the man he was following truly was.

The fear of the King and Queen's retribution would no longer hold the zealous Ravenites back from wanting to avoid conflict with Illos any longer. Not when they would believe they had Archmages of equal strength to Illos and had a population of nearly thrice that of Avalon, Illos and Ireland combined!

And if Italy falls in line…or was conquered…

If that happened, if either happened…

They would gain the resources of powerful families that were only slightly behind France and Avalon when it came to number of sorcerers per capita!

And realistically, he knew the Italians would capitulate instead of standing against the Ravenites he thought with a grimace. The current Italians were far removed from their famed and feared warrior mages ancestors.

He only wished they had the pride and strength of their forbearers.

He sighed. Realistically, only France, the Benelux and Iberian Ministries had any chance of remaining free and standing against the Ravenites as a consequence of their mutual defence treaties.

Treaties, if rumours were true, would be aimed towards including Avalon and Illos.

"Mother Magic…" he muttered under his breath.

Even as educated and well informed as he was, it was a difficult and near impossible choice to make. In theory, he was for it but in practice…

He was all but certain war with the Ravenites and their allies would be even more disastrous than the Grindelwald war. If only for the fact that the muggles had grown even more insane with their warmongering!

The Cuban Missile Crisis was less than a decade ago and the majority of magical Europe had no idea that it was even happening or how close the muggles had been to destroy the world!

The Ravenites cared not about the mundane world – he thought it was why the ICW, when it still could, ignored the happenings of Europe – but that kind of ignorance was dangerous.

And if war was going to happen, he really thought that any war would spill over to the muggle side and with Europe being under intense surveillance by both the Soviets and the Americans…

He shook his head and banished the depressing thoughts away.

"Karl!" Theodore bellowed out from his office, the windows rattling at the power of his voice. The door swung open and a weedy man-boy scampered through, a tweed hat nearly flying off of his head that he about managed to secure with his hands.

Theodore could feel his spirits already lifting at the sight of the boy.

He knew it was a little cruel of him but the boy never failed to get him out of his funk. It wasn't even because he was pleased to see the boy. Merlin knew that the boy was wholly unimpressive in everything he did…and also just simply wholly unimpressive in stature and in talent.

Maybe it was because he could see a sliver of himself in the boy.

Still…he was never this bad as an intern.

"S-ssir?" the boy stammered nervously and Theodore sent a withering look causing the boy to stand up taller.

"Where is my report?" Theodore demanded. As the Editor-In-Chief of the Daily Prophet, he pretty much had free reign to run the paper any way he wished.

Something that lead the Daily Prophet being read all over the world under him.

He asked the boy to follow up on the Dwarves' first major works ever since they were hounded into near extinction all those centuries ago before they holed themselves up – or down – in Switzerland.

"I-I have it here?" the boy said – no asked – as his hand went into his inside pocket and he brought out a stack of parchment. Theodore resisted to face palm and simply looked at him blankly causing him to fumble the stack before placing it on the table.

Of course no one really used parchment any more when it came to anything non-magic related but he had to use parchment and an old type writer during his trials as an intern and then later as a junior and even into his career before everything changed to Holo-tech.

If he had to do suffer like that in his early career than they all should suffer that!

He sent a last long-suffering look at the boy before he looked down and read the report, a frown deepening as he read it.

The Dwarves had left Switzerland some six years ago after they decided to take up the offer made by Illos to become part of the nation as citizens equal to mages and other races.

They had seen the writings on the wall in Europe after the refugees – mostly consisting of 'light' families, people of interesting heritage and non-human magical races – had poured towards France and the Iberian Ministries…even to Avalon.

It worked out quite well for them, he mused to himself.

They were experiencing their first population boom in centuries and they had also regained much of their lost heritage.

He had no idea how Atticus managed to even find what was once thought to be destroyed wholly by the Goblins but he did and gifted it away to the Dwarves who were once again master smiths and craftsmen with a drive to once more become the renowned Dwarves of the antiquities as age old legends claimed them to be.

And for their first major works, this particular project was going to be quite spectacular. The Gate Network of Illos was an impressive piece of work but it was also slightly…pedestrian.

And so collaboration with the Dwarves had come to create a rail network that could use the Gate Network but also do so in a way that safety – from both operational and enemies – was maintained.

The Dwarves managed to figure out an unbreakable runic scheme that made either the train or the stations – stations that 'piggybacked' off of the Gate Network connection – useless in isolation. Only their trains could travel through the Rail Network and only the stations could facilitate travel through the network.

So far they had made several test runs between Illos and Avalon and it was a roaring success and the report from the boy confirms the case. He looked up from the parchment "So they estimate it will be opened publically by April 26th​"

The boy nodded fervently "Yes sir. In time for the Beltane Festivals."

Theodore hummed distractedly as he thought on it. Smart to do it so close to Beltane.

It would create a buzz of excitement especially if even people from the villages could simply take a train from their enclaves in Scotland to Illos in time for the Festival.

Not just from Avalon either…no, the network would open to all those in treaty with Illos. From Argentina to Samoa to China to Ireland, the network would be open to all at a cheap price of seven sickles a ticket.

Huh. He'd have to speak to Selene about arranging a trip.

He picked up the slack of parchment and the boy walked over hastily "Give it to Cordelia for editing." The boy looked surprised but nodded and turned on his heels.

"Kid." The boy stopped in his tracks and looked back warily.

"Good job." He said a little gruffly. "It seems like you're not completely hopeless."

The boy looked surprised but the smile he gave was almost warming. Theodore let off a light scowl and the boy quickly scampered away, closing his door as he did so.

Theodore chuckled to himself as he leaned back in his chair but as soon as he did so, his PA spoke through the Com. "Sir, your wife is on line two"

Theodore's amusement fell off. "Did she say why?" he asked his PA a little hesitantly. She rarely called at work.

"…I may have heard her mutter 'forgetful inconsiderate' and something else that I am disinclined to repeat." His PA said in what he thought was rather a schadenfreude-esque tone.

His face paled a little. Merlin's motherlode! He'd forgotten to send for a pickup of Selene's prescription and now they would have to wait until tomorrow evening for it to arrive.

"Put her through" he said with a slump of his shoulders. He hoped she got it out of her system through the phone so that she wouldn't be mad once he was back home.

He picked up the Com and placed it by his ear. "Darling…" he winced as he put the Com away from his ear. He sighed. This might take a while.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Teispes Sina POV

"First Minister" the Ambassador folded his hands as he leaned back in his chair, his legs crossed with his folded hands falling into his lap.

The blonde-white haired man with cool hard eyes was the very image of European aristocratic arrogance accompanied by a slight up-turned nose and hard pressed lips.

As much as he disliked this man before him, the fact that he was here meant that perhaps there was hope after all that agreement could be reached after they rejected the first round of proposals almost immediately out of hand.

"The proposal of your…League is promising." The ambassador tilted his head ever so minutely. "However geographically speaking, such a proposal may see…limited benefit." The man gave a cold smile "To both sides of course."

Teispes said nothing for a few moments, his expression blanked even as he eyed the man critically. Geography meant nothing to anyone in the magical world.

With the Floo Network, the Gates and even this new Rail Network, there was little that could stop either side aiding from one another. But of course that wasn't what he was referring to.

No, what he was referring to was the sheer advantage Illos, Aziza and Ame-No-Ukihashi had with their floating country-ships.

Try as they might, they had not been able to replicate the kinds of magic that could lift a significant portion of a landmass into the air, let alone sustaining it and even flying it. Not even the Americans had been able to get anywhere. And then there was the ability to make it all but invisible to any and all muggle eyes and their cameras…

And with that ability to practically be unassailable came safety.

A safety Avalon undoubtedly shared should it come to that and it was a safety his League did not have nor could hope to possess in the wake of the growing threat of the Ravenites and that monster.

With the fall of Russia all of Asia became open to them, becoming a fundamental threat that was unacceptable. A strip of mountains and land in the Caucuses was all that stood in between the Ravenites and his home, Persia now.

And it was unacceptable.

The magical net was at war time and at its strongest in centuries. Every Persian over the age of seventeen had to go under battle magicks training, something that magical enclaves under their protection had replicated albeit in a lesser fashion.

The Ottomans, the other regional power was acting similarly as well, having finalising dozens of safe houses in the Taurus and Sultan Mountains to accompany the draft of wizards and witches started five years ago knowing that holding Thrace was going to be near impossible should the Ravenites come in full force.

The other tribal clans in the Middle East that were part of their league were similarly preparing themselves in whatever way they could but their efforts were meagre just as their contribution would be meagre.

Which was why they were here in this moment of time, why he was negotiating on the behalf of a League that spanned all the way to the Indian Sea.

Why they were all but conceding defeat and their pride to put forth a proposal that would see the League answerable to them.

Illos and their alliance were powerful, supplanting entirely the ICW as the world authority in the magical world in a way that hadn't been seen before.

They, along with the Japanese and the Beninese and their coalition of African Ministries, had become a trifecta of power with their country-ships.

Magical advancement after magical advancement were made by these nations with Illos leading them from the front, revolutionising everything from food all the way to curing diseases that plagued magical-kind despite their magic.

The Sayres had even trivialised squib conditions as nothing more than an error to be corrected shocking the entire magical world as much if not more as when the Japanese received their country-ship.

As the ICW rotted to death from the very inside, the treaties the trifecta carved out had continued with unprecedented speed. Argentina had been amongst the first to join in a 'treaty of friendship' that marked them all but a junior member of the alliance and now there was a level of peace in the South American country that it has never experienced.

And it was a story that replicated itself all across South America and regions in Asia.

Even the Americans were but a stone's throw away from caving in and joining this Grand Alliance as some had taken to pressure from within their Congress to request their own country-ship deviating from their one-feet-in, one-feet-out approach.

They lived in an era of great change, one that surpassed the kinds of changes the muggles were undergoing with their ridiculous weapons and their disregard for their world.

And it wasn't the only similarity with the muggle world either.

Just as they had their 'cold war', the Magical World was in the process of something similar yet infinitely more sinister.

The hunger of the Raven was not contained to Europe alone. He wanted to seize all of the magical world, all living under his gaze, under his rules and way of life.

One bereft of freedom and choice.

He'd seen the reports of the Balkans captured from some of the undercover Ottoman wizards. All was provided for. Children were in school, parents had work and there was little crime. All things considered, it was not a bad life…on the surface.

Disappearances were common for the slightest of infractions. The rule of law was non-existent and abuse of power was frequent. Those who had betrayed their country and countrymen were in positions of power and effectively able to do whatever they wanted to those who mattered not.

It was a kind of unjust that did not belong anywhere in the magical world.

All under the direction of Cullaica and this Raven who, much to his bitter dismay, are truly Archmages of a similar vein as that as Grindelwald.

There were only Credence Aurilius, Dembe Habe, Eiji Seko, Li Lei and of course the Sayres that were verified as Archmages after Khari died last year…and all but one, Li Lei, was part of the Grand Alliance.

There was little choice now but to capitulate at least somewhat.

Between the choice of the Ravenites and the Alliance…

The choice was easy and he'd be damned if he let his people be subjected to them.

"That is true." Teispes said as he picked up the carton on the table and drew out a cigarette before placing it in his mouth. He rubbed his fingers on the end of the cigarette, the end of the cigarette set alight and he leaned back in his chair, his eyes once more set on the blonde-white haired man.

He drew a breath and breathed a healthy draw of smoke that settled in the space between them and he remained silent for a few more moments before he spoke again

"We do not have the option to simply…drift away from challenges." Teispes said with a cool stare "Something that Slovenia, Croatia and the rest of free Europe do not have." He drew another pull from the cigarette as he met the ambassador's gaze.

The ambassador's expression didn't change but Teispes could see the slight hardening of the man's cold eyes. Good.

The last thing they needed was doubt to be thrown about their ability or willingness to go through with their commitments. Even if Slovenia and Croatia never entered a treaty with Illos with regards to their defence against hostile forces, it is well known that they, particularly Slovenia, had come to their defence on the international stage when they unveiled themselves.

That was partially in repayment of the liberation of their country by the Knights of Mimpost and by King Atticus himself. That initial political backing resulted in later trade agreements very favourable to the small nation, however limited, and throughout the years, it was clear they held the King's personal favour.

A favour that has protected them for years even if their neighbours crumbled under the claws of the Ravens. He continued, his arms a little spread out in a gesture meant to signal peace "And I do not believe you to be so limited in being able to fulfil your commitments once you make them." Teispes leaned a little forward.

"Which is why this proposal does very little to inconvenience you."

The ambassador remained silent, his expression unchanged and Teispes continued "In fact, if anything…this proposal is just what you need" That gotten a slight reaction and Teispes pressed on as he smiled a little grimly, his eyes alight with certainty

"After all, unification of the magical world must be able to jump over any inconvenient and troublesome hurdle…isn't that right, Ambassador Malfoy?"

The powerful Lord sat back in his chair, his cold hard eyes scrutinising every inch of Teispes. Cunning, ruthless and dangerous, Malfoy had garnered a reputation that bled and drank respect…of a certain kind. He spoke the language of power and the aura of it. It was no surprise then the man had risen high in the world, effectively becoming a trusted problem solver for Avalon and Illos on the international stage.

"Unification is not our goal." Malfoy said with a bland, toneless voice even if his eyes spoke entirely differently. Teispes resisted the urge to send the man a look.

It was not hard to see the goal of the Sayres, not after all they had done, not after the number of regime changes that had happened to a number of smaller Ministries and enclaves around the world only for them to join in treaty with Illos and the rest of their alliance.

'Friendship treaties' that bound fates of peoples to that of Illos wrapped in gifts and advancements and obscene wealth that practically had leaders beg to join them.

The worst thing about it was that it was almost insidious with how it was so…benevolent. Compared to those living under the thumb of the Ravenites, those who lived under the sphere of the Grand Alliance had their lives improved in whichever way they needed it…even going so far as opening their schools to them.

And each moment where that was more diffusion of Illosian ideals and culture and magic into other societies, the more they were tied to Illos…and by proxy the King and Queen. Through soft power, they were winning the magical world over.

"Though it is an admirable dream to have." Malfoy said musingly as he unfurled his hands, his gaze never falling away from Teispes' own.

"In any case, perhaps I have been hasty in dismissing the proposal as having little benefit to either of our peoples." Malfoy said with a thin smile that seemed to more belong on the face of an eel.

Teispes equally smiled with a thin curl of the lips.

He didn't know what the end goal of the Sayres were with all of their schemes but he could read between the lines. He was almost sure they meant the magical world very little harm even if they sought to dominate it and unfortunately in the end…the alternatives were far worse than those two.

"Would you like a drink?" Teispes asked and so began hours long negotiations.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Celestis System

Gaius Hardy POV

The cold fusion reactor's soft thrum in the background was like a silent song that he'd almost forgotten, just as he'd become less accustomed to the cold dull silver white gleam of the metal walls and flooring that once upon a time might as well have been his home.

This was the main observatory in the tower where every facility on the moon was connected to and where he could make adjustments if he needed to.

Adjustments that thankfully didn't need to be made all too often. Perks, Gaius supposed, from having a robust integrated techno-magical system – and able people.

His hands roved around the round holo, his fingers tapping on the Illosian symbols, the screen before him changing and he paused to take in the readings before him.

8.7904379964 meters per second.

A 3.2 x10-5​ meters per second increase to yesterday and the increase in mass per day was rising steadily on target to achieve Earth parity in three years' time.

Good.

It meant their third phase was successfully initiated.

He jerked his arms, moving slightly and the round holo rotated and information about gravity's strength came to forefront.

As always, gravity was the strongest in four regions on Dexirus with Spiros II, the tower he was on, marginally strongest amongst the other three towers that were located in equally spaced locations around the moon with two spaced equally along the equator with the other two located on upper most north and lower most south.

Reaching nearly two kilometres in height, the Spiros towers were vital in the creation of Earth-normal gravity planet-wide. Dexirus had been a planet with a small inner core less than ten times the size of Earth's core – relative to its size – and it had been barely able to sustain an atmosphere, an atmosphere that was thinner than even Mars'.

And that was where the Spiros towers came in where in conjunction with the Terra Stones – Alchemic stones with the gargantuan ability to alter topographies to a set specific design and habitability – Dexirus was brought to life.

The Spiros Towers were directly connected to the planet's core and through transmutation the content of the planet's inner core was altered to iron and nickel whilst the outer core was altered to a combination of iron, nickel and osmium.

Magic was used to permanently altered the composition of the planet's interior whilst technology was used to create massive 'driving' machinery that kick started the 'churning' of the small-ish mantle and outer and inner cores to generate the magnetosphere that would work in tandem with the greater magnetosphere of the planet Dexirus orbited.

It was different to the way the Ancient Humans terraformed planets…more primitive yes but it was also undeniably quicker thanks to the sheer brilliance of magic.

In that regard, their people trumped the Ancient Humans even if they were completely overshadowed by them in most other ways.

Even the machinery they created with aid of what they were able pilfer from the crashed scoutship paled in comparison to the kinds of intricacies they had been capable off…like the World Engines they had found references to.

Automated World Engines that manipulated gravitons – a particle they were hard pressed to see let alone manipulate – to create heavier elements at the cores and mantles until, over the course of decades – or only years if they really needed to – along with heavy excitement of molecules through wireless transmission of energy at the core, the planet's inner core was churning and heavy enough to establish strong gravity, magnetosphere and atmosphere.

Still, they were able to get it done anyway and in the end, that is what mattered.

The doors hissed lowly and he turned around.

"Sir." Appius said respectfully as he entered the main observatory.

"Appius." Gaius said with a nod.

Appius was one of the senior planetary researchers of the Exodus Project Gaius was in charge of. A brilliant mind with aptitude for potions, alchemy and chemistry, he was mostly involved in matters of preparing habitation for Earth life on Dexirus.

Appius came to him with a tablet in hand "We have the results, Director." Appius smiled before he added "It's a success."

Gaius' eyes gleamed "Even the beta generation?" Gaius questioned as he took the table and the data sprang to life on the tablet and he began to read it in earnest.

"Even the beta generation. The migratory birds are now able to see the magnetic fields." Appius said happily and he had a right to be happy. Biological modification was proving to be more difficult than even planetary modification.

Migratory birds had the ability to detect the magnetic field generated by Earth's – or any other planet's – molten core to use it to determine their position and direction through magneto-reception, a phenomena made possible through photo-chemistry in their eyes.

The migratory birds relied on quantum effects in short lived molecular fragments that form photo-chemically in their eyes. They see the magnetic field lines and use that information to chart their course between their breeding and wintering grounds.

What they hadn't thought of at first was the sheer attunement the birds had to Earth's magnetic fields. It was a problem that had caused delay after delay.

After all, it wasn't just about making it habitable.

It was about making it liveable for Earth life as much as possible. No planet would ever have the same magnetosphere, it was impossible to replicate exactness even with magic but what they could do was test out if they were able to get close enough.

The birds were modified in a test facility that had conditions as per what they projected Dexirus would be like once Earth-normal gravity was established and the moon was stabilised – which included completing its stabilisation in its new more distant orbit around Celestis to account for its greater gravitational force which will have minimal effect on Celestis itself.

So it was a relief to hear that they were able to adjust the birds to be able to navigate Dexirus even if it was delayed by about sixteen months.

"What about their sense of direction?" Gaius asked as he looked up from the tablet.

They had to remove the internal clock that migratory birds had, this innate direction and sense of time that migratory birds inherit from their parents that are genetically encoded to their DNA.

"Unimpeded." Appius confirmed he said with a triumphant note "And their genetic instructions to head south for breeding 'season' has not been impacted either."

Gaius smiled at that. That was very very good to hear.

There were no seasons at present – likely never would there be any seasons in any meaningful way – given that the moon Dexirus was effectively tidally locked with one face of the planet in perpetual darkness due to the gravitational interactions between the moon and Celestis which synced up the moon's rotational cycle near perfectly with its orbital phases.

It was a curious and fascination cosmic accident and it was something they weren't going to change as the Celestis had grown accustomed to a moon like this even if it was almost twice as far away now.

It was a problem they had focused on given that the temperatures on the face that faced the sun continuously would have reached greater than a hundred degrees Celsius had it not been for the intricate natural weather system they created.

The dark side of the moon was essentially a vacuum that sucked in the winds of the expanded air – as a consequence from being heated up by the constant sun light – and what they were doing was exacerbate that vacuum by creating wide and very steep valleys kilometres deep valleys that rivalled the Mariana trenches on the dark side of the moon that would 'flood' entire regions with warm air equalising the temperatures across the moon.

That along with several Mediterranean ocean sized oceans in three different locations, with one on the dark side of the moon, created a stable weather system that prevented wide climate variations that might naturally occur if left unbalanced with only a fifteen degree Celsius difference between the two faces on the planet.

There were ideas to have permanent volcanoes on the dark side of the moon to further reduce this imbalance but it that was for the future. At present, the conditions were excellent enough for most Earth life on the sun-facing side.

With the genetically modified beech tree forest on the dark side of the moon creating bio luminescent 'dust' particles that simultaneously were reflective and emitting, it created a kind of pseudo dusk every eighteen or so hours – two thirds of Celestis' day night cycle – which simulations have confirmed to be adaptable within four generations by most animal species, mundane or magical.

"Good" Gaius declared as he handed back the tablet "Then we can get started on the transgenic agents"

"Already on it." Appius said as he took the tablet.

The transgenic agents would introduce the modified base genetic instructions that would 'overwrite' genes in birds and other animals that were keenly sensitive to Earth's planetary activities.

The genetic modifications were simple in real terms – a change here, a change there – and only made possible due to genetic sequencing and powerful Magi-Comps that were made incredibly intuitive to the user's desires made possible by the technology and tangential science they secured from the ancient scoutship.

As such, they wouldn't make this adjustment to every animal, no, that would be impractical, unnecessary and…difficult. To get this far took years and a team of Seelie. Thankfully they could modify the transgenic agents to suit other planetary bodies in the Celestis system were they would replicate what they were doing on Dexirus.

Gaius bid Appius goodbye before he returned his attentions on the matter at hand and continued to work on it for several more hours. As Director of the Exodus Project, he was ultimately responsible for the success – and failures – of the team.

Something he wasn't sure he wanted to thank or curse His Majesty for.

It was hours later that he left the Tower and flew above the sun-facing side of Dexirus at sub speed of sound – lower than that of Earth – more content than he was when he was in the Tower.

He stopped when he arrived at his favourite spot on Dexirus at this time of day – a place he was greatly entertaining requesting to set a home onto – and proceeded to walk a few hundred up the hill before he slumped onto the soft grass.

Gaius breathed in heartily, the odd minty scent of the purplish tall grass a balm to his lungs whilst he sat leaned back on his arms on top of a hill that overlooked the unique grasslands.

The air was thicker and it was always noticeable when he left the regulated Tower. The oxygen content of the air was hovering stably at 22.3%, just over a percent below the safety threshold and about 0.4% higher than that of Earth.

His gaze fell on the horizon, the slight pinkish purple sky as a consequence of bio-luminescent product of a family of trees in the forests some hundred kilometres away adding an ethereal quality to an already beautiful scenery.

A scenery that incorporated the beautiful blue green world of Celestis front and centre in the night sky – if it could be called night sky, the moon orbited Celestis so close that even during this period of maximum 'clouding by bio-luminescence' it was as light as dusk on Earth – the world that would one day be home to all of their people.

His fingers dug into the soil, the firm but soft soil parting under the pressure of his fingers, just as Dexirus would be a part of their home.

Just as every planetary body in the solar system would be eventually.

Just as his former mentor had envisioned and entrusted him to make happen.

He wasn't sure how long he was gazing away at the sky when he came to hear the noise of the tell-tale dull whizzing of a sky-bike but he realised it probably had been too long. He sighed. No rest for the wicked, he mused to himself quietly.

For the past six years, he'd only grown in terms of authority to everyone on this project. Before they arrived, he could tell that his subordinates had thought he got the position of Director because of his apprenticeship with His Majesty instead of his own merits.

There was nothing more offensive to any Illosian than being promoted without having earned it and for a little while, let's just say that he hadn't been the most popular amongst the near three hundred strong collection of people.

Fortunately though, he had proven time and again that he was not promoted due to favouritism and in less than six months even the most grudging individual like Marcellus of Clan Richmond could not believe that he wasn't the best person for the job.

He dusted off his hands and got up onto his feet, stretching slightly as he did so.

He recognised immediately who it was as the sky-bike began its slow approach before it stopped in front of him. "Felix" Gaius welcomed the member of the Strickland clan that he'd known since childhood.

"Sir" Felix saluted with a thump on his chest with his wand hand.

It was a way of saluting superiors amongst the Illosian Guards of which Felix was a member of as part of the attaché of guards assigned to the Exodus Project. At present, Felix was also doubling as an extra pair of hands for the ritual that would make this moon truly alive.

"Is there a problem with the ritual crafting?"

Felix climbed off of the bike, shaking his head as he did so. "No, no problems. It's all proceeding as planned." Felix confirmed and Gaius nodded to the answer.

It was one thing bringing an almost dead planetary body to life but it was another thing entirely to make it magical. Life and magic were interlinked and where life thrived, magic enriched and suffused but…

It was not as simple as that.

There were conditions required for magic to suffuse itself onto and into life, conditions that existed for planets like Celestis and Earth as a consequence of their placement within the galaxy, within the universe.

Conditions when unmet missed that spark that came from abundant magic nearby for the living planet to latch onto, a spark that came as a consequence by way of inhabiting a region of space where universal leylines crossed like it did on Earth and Sol or intersected like it did on Celestis and in the Celestis System.

Dexirus was fortunate in that regard.

As a moon with the flimsiest of atmospheres hostile to even bacterial life due to little protection from powerful radiation emanating from the sun, it had been at least several times more attuned to magic than Luna was despite the billion year seniority that Luna had over Dexirus, a story that repeated itself all over the system no matter how dead or hostile to life the planet may be.

In time, now that Dexirus had its atmosphere built and planted with abundant plant life that covered every crevice of land and ocean, that spark would have naturally come after several millions of years, perhaps even sooner simply for the fact it was so close to an intersection point of two powerful universal leylines, but that was a little too long for all of them.

And so, the ritual crafted by their Majesties would 'jump-start' this spark into blooming, a ritual that worked to, very simplistically explained, effectively turn Dexirus into a massive wardstone to draw in the magical energies that surrounded the system that would turn said energies inward into the planet itself.

It wouldn't pull in magic from Celestis, its range could not reach that far but it would pull in magic for over a hundred thousand kilometre radius.

With magic being effectively constant, this would mean that there would never be a dip in magical intake into Dexirus and with how strong ambient magic was in system, it would at most take three to four decades before it was as magical as Celestis.

An accomplishment that he would be rather proud of once it was complete.

"No, Captain Fisibilillah has asked to see you." Felix explained.

"Did he say why?" Gaius asked with a frown whilst he tapped on his arm causing a holo interface to appear. A few taps later and his sky-bike would be on its way.

One of the things they had noticed was that the magic of a world heavily influenced one's own magic. So much so that apparating was an ill-advised gambit until you were familiar enough with the magic of the world.

Whilst apparation was effectively wormhole travel in the classical point to point sense, the medium through which one travelled was magic itself, specifically magic of the planet itself.

Memory and sight were important of course but the vital point was instead one's ability to 'commune' with the magic of the planet itself, to let it help guide one's own magic towards a specific destination.

Port-keys worked similarly enough as well although they were centred around coordinates that 'told' magic where it was meant to go.

On a planet like Dexirus, or even Celestis, such communing or interaction with the planet could only come once one was familiar enough with the planet's magic.

Gaius had become familiar enough with Celestis over the past six years to manage to apparate across it but Dexirus was still a mile too far.

"He did not." Felix said and Gaius nodded, the answer an answer in of itself.

The silver sky-bike zoomed down towards him "Alright, let's go then." Gaius said as he hopped onto the bike. He pressed his hand onto the middle of the steering and the silvery hull began to morph and change to encapsulate him within the bike, his legs no longer dangling freely as his entire body was encased in a silver arrow like shape.

Seconds later, he shot off towards the sky, climbing and climbing until his angle of ascent was three hundred and forty-five degrees and it was only minutes later that he breached the atmosphere

A significant portion of researchers on Dexirus were on the far side of the moon where it was perpetually dark as a consequence of the moon being effectively tidally locked conducting experiments on the creation of bio-luminescent plant life that could create enough artificial light on a day/night cycle in line with Celestis' twenty-eight-hour rotation to make the absence of sunlight a little less noticeable.

The dashboard came into life, the entire solar system mapped out in two dimensions, and the dot that represented Gradus came into view with Felix right behind him. Gradus was currently at Celestis' Lagrange point L2, where it has a clear view of deep space.

Gradus was the only spaceship they had capable of making this journey – at least that was the case years ago – and as such, its importance couldn't be understated.

It doubled as a command post, especially in the early days, and it also was where the automated-mining drones were commanded. Drones that mined the asteroids within the system in preparation for the building of a Starbase that would be the first of many defences of their soon-to-be home.

It took about an hour or so until he finally came close to the spaceship, the five hundred twenty-nine metre long ship that floated in space in a backdrop of stars and nebulae with virulent blue light glowing from nearly every inch of its hull, and he began his slow deceleration towards the ship.

He circled around towards its rear where a blue force field was the only barrier between the insides and cold harsh space and he passed through the force field with no difficulty and landed to where he was signalled to land. The sky-bike morphed away like rain trickling down a pane of glass and he stepped off of it.

"Sir!" one of the crew saluted as they approached.

"The Captain is waiting on you in the Captain's Room."

"Very well." Gaius said as he walked away and made his way out before stepping on the walkway that would take him to the one of the Hub-Ports.

As he walked and nodded to a few people he knew well, he was brought back to when the ship had first been designed. There had been heated discussion about whether or not to integrate passageways, passageways that could anywhere and everywhere as soon as you were by a bulk-way.

In the end it was disregarded as lazy, he thought with amusement, but not completed as this method was preferred where the Hub-Ports functioned much like portkeys and were able to have multi-destinations fixed within the chamber linking it to any other Hub-Port.

A swirl later after he'd gotten in, he was on the bridge. The bridge was ovoid and decked with holo stations though it was half occupied at this hour.

He eyed the captain's chair with mild envy. The chair was heavily integrated with neural and magical interface control systems. The closest approximation, when it was activated, was a Pensieve with the way one was immersed.

Only in this instance, instead of being in a memory, one was the ship itself.

One could feel and know the status of the shield, damage was relayed immediately to the Captain and even able to relay commands to the crew via a kind of Legillimency in dire situations, potentially enabling critical actions to be undertaken that otherwise would be done too late.

He was saluted to by the security personnel who he outranked even if he was not military per se. One might think that security was unneeded given that they were in an empty system but eventually that wouldn't be the case.

It was important to set out good habits and practices and in time these people would train the next generations. He arrived at the door and waved his magic against the door.

The door turned alight with a soft glow and he felt his magic being sampled by the pseudo-ward on the door and soon enough the door opened and he walked in.

There was a marked difference between the rest of the ship and Fisbililah's room. Instead of decked in the same grey-silver metal as the rest of the ship was, his room was decked with wood wall panels that were of some considerable age.

That along with a thick rug in the middle of the room made it almost a homey place.

He waved at his shoes with a lazy hand and became transfigured into thick socks before he walked further into the room until he walked through into Fisbililah's office.

Tirtayasa Fisbilililah was behind his desk, his eyes fixed on a Holo-pad, his posture rigid and collected. The man had a well-kept beard, one that aided him in cutting an impressive figure of authority.

Just as Gaius had to prove his own worth as a leader in his own right, Fisbililah had to prove his own worth as Captain of the first long distance expedition.

Though it had to be said that Fisbililah had a greater and steeper mountain to climb to get where he was now. Disadvantaged as he was by not being born to active magic with limited magical potential, he had only his intellect and his drive at first.

Yet as time when by, he proved his worth again and again especially so after he created the Mahameru Predictive Algorithm that made travelling through slipspace possible through incredibly intuitive near sentient magical program algorithms that saved them from needing to develop computer systems like the Ancient Humans did once upon a time.

And from there, he continued to prove himself until he was rewarded with this post and he'd taken to it like a fish to water. His eyes swept to the moving picture on his desk, a picture of his wife Fatimah, the famous artist, and their two sons.

Fisbililah looked up from his Holo-pad and Gaius looked to meet the man's gaze.

"Director Hardy" the Captain said with a stiff nod as he set the holo-pad down.

"We've received a tight-beam from Illos"

A tight-beam was a method of communication that was near instantaneous centred around the quantum entanglement principle that their ancestors the Ancient Humans used though instead they used the connectivity of universal leylines that they had arithmantically mapped out in the sectors that connected Earth to Celestis

They hadn't had the expertise to replicate the Quantum Entangled Communication network that hinted in the ancient scoutship database nor the knowledge to make the mathematics work but they had been able to with the principle and they refashioned it in ways that was most practical and achievable in the short term.

The number of leylines that existed in this galaxy alone were arithmantically proven to be numbered in the tens of thousands and they used a clever approximation and derivation technique to pinpoint the flow of leylines into one another.

A flow that connected Earth and Celestis through a series of leylines that wasn't actually in a straight line but rather curves and tangents that didn't matter one whit given that magic was constant and thus communication was constant.

Unfortunately, at the moment they were only able to communicate in 'bursts' of magic, magic that near indistinguishable from the universal magical frequency, that could be unpacked with a receiver that was several hundred thousand times more sensitive than even their Majesties were to magical fluctuations.

At present, anything greater than these bursts of magic would unravel through the flow of leylines, like a balloon holding water bursting under the pressures of the deep ocean whereas these 'bursts' were more like pellets of metal holding a drop of water protected against the uniformity of neutral magic that permeated throughout the leylines.

"They want us to return." Fisbililah said, cutting to the chase.

"Why?" Gaius asked surprised. The journey back would take months and as far as he knew, there was little necessity to cut short their mission.

Yethea, Sentanis and Dagolia were all in mid to late stages of Terra-Alchemy with two further moons seeded with alchemic stones. To cut short now would potentially set them back years.

"We're at a critical stage and they know this." Gaius said with a frown.

Fisbililah nodded "They are aware." He said before he sighed and placed his hands on the table, meeting Gaius' eyes.

"They're not asking us all to return. Only Gradus, non-critical staff and yourself." Fisbililah thinned his lips as he paused for a moment

"The mission is to be expanded into Phase Two."

Gaius controlled his expression "It's a little soon." He simply stated.

Fisbililah nodded "I am leaning towards agreement yet this is an order from the King himself." Fisbililah said meaningfully and Gaius grimaced before he nodded reluctantly. If he believed that they were fine to proceed to the next stage then they likely were.

Gaius eyed the man critically "Any idea who and what will be first?"

Fisbililah shook his head minutely "Only a guess." He stated and Gaius raised an eyebrow which Fisbililah smiled a little in response to as he leaned back in his chair.

Generally speaking, if either of them had a guess, it tended to be more right than wrong. Fisbililah continued "Centaurs." He stated simply and Gaius nodded agreeably. He thought so too.

The Herds of Greece were amongst the first displaced from their homelands by the Ravenites. They'd asked for sanctuary from Illos. Not many people were privy to their discussions though he did learn later – just as Fisbililah had – that the Centaurs knew of their plans to move worlds and had asked for settlement rights.

Relations with the beings weren't the easiest, xenophobic as they were, but they did join the alliance even if it was in a limited capacity.

"It would be nice to go back home again." Gaius said after a moment in a musing tone as he looked towards the moving pictures of Fisbililah's family. The last time he'd gone home was years ago and he'd love to see his family again and catch up.

"That, I can easily agree with." Fisbililah said with a sigh "We won't leave for another few days. We will leave the majority of our fighter and heavy ship complement and crew behind along with half of the security personnel."

Gaius nodded gratefully. It wouldn't do to leave those under his responsibility undefended. Still…

"I hope they've built another ship." Gaius said with a slight look of displeasure.

"I wouldn't surprise me if there at least another two or three." Fisbililah said "They were training enough crew for two ships two years ago when we'd last been."

He hadn't gone back last time so he took the man's word for it. He nodded to the man and turned on his heel "I will tell my people to flash a shopping list of items we'll bring back for them." He said with a wave as he departed.

As he walked down the walkway back to his skybike, he couldn't help but allow a small smile bloom in his face. It might be unexpected to go back home but he most certainly was looking forward to it.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 90 others
mosefboombox117
May 1, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 19 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
May 14, 2023
Add bookmark
#294
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 19


3rd​ of February, 1971 – Illos

His arms were behind his back, taking in the familiar magic of the Main Tower as he walked with a sedate pace, his steps near silent as he moved through the somewhat busy main walkway.

And, as he walked under the soft glow from aglow symbols intricately etched on pillars that seemed to heave the Tower to its height, the gleaming walls that shimmered like liquid silver under the heavy glare of the sun, something that made it as if he was walking through the halls of Valhalla, such was the presence of the otherworldliness that the Main Tower had begun to exude over the past half decade.

With the way the Main Tower was infused with magic, heavily aided by the tonnes of Mithril that flowed underneath it and around it, the Main Tower was almost alive with its faint presence, its faint personality that breathed and hummed with magic through its silver like pillars and walls and steps and stairs, much like Hogwarts or the Pandrosion Institute do.

Though unlike those institutions, the Main Tower was far more…purposeful in its desires by nature of what it was meant to be. Its magic, while welcoming, was more…demanding of him…of all of those who worked within it, amusingly enough.

It was built with a certain mind frame, an enablement of governance and innovation and debate, and as such it fostered such focus within all its halls and rooms and walkways almost like an eager and slightly pushy parent that wished for the best of its children in comparison to the Pandrosion or Hogwarts where it was meant to be a home and a welcoming place to be comfortable and at ease.

A commotion nearby distracted him from his appreciation of his surroundings and his musings and his gaze fell on a child that excitably chattered away to her parents who wore Rosi with markings that belonged to the Office of Environment.

He waved at the little girl – who waved back – before he twitched his fingers and a small bundle of apple blossoms made of paradoxically warm ice flew towards her.

The little girl practically snatched the small token from the air before she excitably showed it to her parents whose gratitude he could feel tinging their magic.

A similar feeling that he felt from others observing the scene, some wearing smiles.

A small act that was without personal cost that meant much to others, even to those who personally benefitted not – who he could See regaling their families about his latest act of kindness when they got home.

It was a thought that decades ago would have left him uneasy and later simply resigned to receive this affection and near devotion that many of his people held for him, affection and devotion he had always thought, within the recesses of his mind, was only there because he'd manipulated it into them.

Yet as he begun to sense more than the idle thoughts and emotions of his people, he had learned to appreciate and welcome the affection that was built over decades and reinforced with acts, great and small alike, with great humility even if undeserved…

True humility that came from his increased understanding and attunement of how life and people were linked through Living Time. And from that increased understanding, it truly dawned on him with intimate understanding of how much his choices and acts have impacted the lives of his people for the better…impacts that had spiritual, conscious consequences that were beyond mere material things.

With his increased sensitivity to the membrane of consciousness that permeated throughout the universe, he had received one of his greatest gift imaginable.

…Peace of mind

A peace of mind that stemmed from the belief of his people that echoed through the universal membrane of consciousness, an echo that he could sense, however faint it was, an echo that tied itself, that revolved around him in thousands of tangled unseen threads that vibrated with a kind of pureness that was hard to express let alone fathom.

How could he be anything but humble in the face of what he sensed from his people?

When he could see and sense how much people treasured this connection they held with him, how much they treasured this journey they were on that many were giving their lives, their time and much of their dedication to?

As much as they were given safety and prosperity, as much as they were given hope, they were given purpose that he knew many would never have manifested some form of it themselves. The unseen threads that connected him to them made that clear.

And from within themselves, whether they knew it or not, having such a meaning of existence made them vibrate and emit something akin to metaphysical strings of music that were as strong as cords of steel.

And from that understanding, he knew that he was devaluing their own choices, their own emotions by considering them to be products of his manipulations, that it wasn't their choice to believe in him, to believe they mattered to him and in that came the final release to simply…accept who he was to them.

An acceptance that made him at ease with what was to come knowing that at the end, after all that he has done and will do, it would be worth it as they close the first chapter of their journey…no matter how tumultuous and secretively monstrous it had been.

He and his guards veered off towards the restricted section of the Main Tower that was separate from the way to the Offices of Responsibility, his mind drifting towards the penultimate stage they were at as he walked into the portal entry that connected the more security intensive floors to each other before he exited at the top floor.

The fourteen years since the eradication of the Men of Symbols had been good for Illos…and for him and Emily. Now, without an enemy that could counter the future in any meaningful way, there was little that could stand against their goals.

Illos continued to develop techno-magically aided by the knowledge of the salvaged scout ship, advancements in biology, chemistry and physics has improved almost every facet of Illos, from the eradication all afflictions, magical or mundane to the creation of Magicom, a network that connected more and more of the magical world with year that passed, to the creation of new magicks like technopathy that he would See become almost as flexible a branch of magic like transfiguration with time.

Space was a frontier that his people considered merely as challenging as travelling the Seas though only a small percentage of his people knew of faster-than-light travel and had taken upon themselves to study every body within the solar system to detail.

Much of South America was aligned with Illos now after the assistance the Illosian Guards provided in dealing with their hives of dark wizards unwilling to bend to Ministry governance and laws along with the economic incentives and trade deals that Illos fostered with the Ministries of the continent.

South East Asian communities were approached and tied to Illos through different kinds of assistances, mostly in assisting them with magical means like building them well protected enclaves and offering free tuition to their children at the Pandrosion.

Mongolia, Turkmenistan and the various other small communities in central Asia also were in good standing with Illos whilst Benin and their allies in time were granted their own country-ship once they accepted a place in the Grand Alliance alongside Illos and Magical Japan.

The Dwarves accepted his offers of knowledge, equality and opportunity to rise beyond their historic heights and now they resided within Illos as the fourth sentient magical race within the Council of Magical Races.

The Grecian Centaurs that made Lonis Forest their temporary home, as prickly as they were, and would become the next magical race to join the Council once their brethren deemed the stars from Dexirus and Celestis.

There were other such achievements that inched them forward towards their destiny and it all started with their first great achievement in the creation of Avalon and reveal of Emily's hidden 'royal heritage', an act made possible by a splash of necromancy and powerful computer systems as they extracted DNA from a long dead former Dark Lady.

They infused Morgana's DNA strands, particularly the ones that belonged to the muggle Uthred Pendragon, into Emily replacing a substantial amount of the Riddle DNA with that of royalty, enough to ensure any heritage test testing her claim would come up as positive.

The claim of blood along with the sword Excalibur – with a collaborative Ministry headed by Ouroboros that were all but directly sworn to Emily – made the initial seize of the British Isles almost bloodless and politically seamless.

Of course, not everyone was happy with the dramatic change.

Most of the resistance and discontent had come from the Progressives who still held sizable presence and influence within the Ministry and within the public itself.

Charlus Potter was amongst the loudest detractors.

Of course once information of muggle culpability with the express permission by the muggle royal house was made public, culpability in their sponsorship of the violence perpetrated by the Isonomian Movement and the Order of the Phoenix, even supplying them with weapons that culminated in the decimation of the nobility in the infamous Bombing of the Wizengamot, such discontent amongst a significant proportion of the Progressives withered away.

And the rest were made silent once further evidence was made clear of the muggles' near success in the destruction of the Ministry and the plans they had with regards to subjugation of Magical Britain.

From there, it had been relatively easy to gain near universal acceptance for total secession from the muggle world under the guidance of their Pendragon Queen.

Despise and fear of muggles mixed with the lure of returning to a time of legend that had been romanticised throughout the ages and even more so in the preceding decade were the main contributing factors, though moving every magical centre and village and abodes into the Highlands of Scotland had been far less as easy but nonetheless they succeeded as power, politics and public admiration eased away opposition.

And as much as he disliked it, favours did the same as he and Emily relinquished substantial lands on Illos to Emily's followers like the Malfoys, the Lestranges and so on. Others like the McKinnons who proved to be less confrontational with the death of their deceased former Heads of Houses and keen to bury the hatchet with House Sayre, were also granted this privilege in exchange of their support of all of their initiatives.

Initiatives such as the mirroring of Illos' method of governance was adopted in piecemeal as the Ministry fell by the wayside and a Council of Representatives took its place that functioned much like its predecessors only far more streamlined.

There had also been some…unsavoury initiatives that needed to happen such as forcing families who had one foot in either world to choose, a choice that either stripped them of access to magic and the knowledge of it or the choice of severing their connections to the muggle world and become part of the magical world.

As much as he regretted it, more than a few families were cut off of their own magic, their magic bound and made to live as muggles as they refused to make the choice.

It was offensive to him, this act of sacrilege to Mother Magic but he had done and let happen worse in sacrilege of Mother Magic, this much was true.

Besides, there was little choice, not with the goals they had in mind nor the necessity of ensuring that they were serious about the intent to break away from the muggle world to the rest of Avalon…and the rest of the magical world.

Much of the acceptance of squibborns and the liberalisation of rights by the darker families and the more conservative elements of society had come from the fact that it came from one of their own advocating for it in the form of Slytherin's heir.

That alongside the banishment of muggle traditions and religious practices in favour of native traditions and practices had made centuries old reversals of opinions possible. They were, for all intents and purposes, champions of the magical world.

And everything they did and supported, even by his own words all those years ago when he'd been little more than an heir to House Sayre, would have been under risk if they did not commit to dealing out the harshest penalties available to those who could not make the choice to choose the magical world.

'If you prefer the muggle world to our own, you may go and live amongst them…as one of them'

It was a harsh penalty and it was one that many feared enough to make the right choice presented to them. And as harsh as it was, especially to families with one muggle parent, they weren't heartless.

Adolescent squibborns and their immediate family were permitted to move into the magical world where they would find their place as citizens. Children were not separated unless it was clear the child did not want to give up magic or if the child was in danger from their family.

Children who wanted to remain with their parents who refused the chance were also left with their magic bound though thankfully it was not something that happened too frequently.

Muggles married to a wizard or witch were allowed to make the migration as much as it had made some amongst the populace uncomfortable but with time, such concerns were alleviated – even if some had to be expelled – as they were hardly any different from the last generation of squibs.

As much as it was...insensitive, it was still by far the better solution to difficult sets of circumstances as a result of a flawed and weak system of secrecy.

And it was something most people – thanks to keen reporting of the muggle world by a number of papers worldwide – recognised as the muggle Cold War grew in intensity and the world stood at sixty minutes to midnight with bated breaths as nuclear war remained a likely eventuality.

That shift in understanding – along with plenty of elder squibs and muggles fairly knowledgeable in science working in tandem with graduates of SIMS or Illosians – has made Morfay the second most scientifically literate centre of the magical world almost by necessity and it was a capital as much as Illos, Asahi, Makaa and Alexandria were, with it being only smaller in size to Illos and Alexandria.

And within the next ten years, it would only grow further and it would stand as a worthy second city when the time came for their union to be completed wholly, a step that was considered by all to be too soon, too fast.

A sentiment he agreed with after having Seen what hastened integration would yield.

Time was not a concern and Avalon serving as a separate Kingdom within the union of nations had its own benefits…especially as more and more people marched across Europe escaping the brutality by the Ravenites.

A full quarter of the forty thousand wizarding population in Avalon were refugees from mainland Europe, people who had to escape for fear of their remaining families and their resistance to the regimes that sprouted under the beady eyes of the Raven.

Blood purist and fascist regimes that brook no tolerance for anything other than pure wizarding stock and even then, most people were hardly safe as feudalistic tendencies has returned in much greater force…noble Houses of dark persuasion ruling like despots in their own personal fiefs with half of the populations as little more than serfs serving at the whims of their overlords and another quarter being trained as Ravenites for their next stage of expansion.

The secretary and the guards by Emily's door bowed to him before he walked through the twin doors and he banished his thoughts away as he reached out through their bond with deep affection and he felt her pleased reciprocation through their bond as he veered into her place of work within the spatially enlarged apartment.

An unconscious smile fell upon his face as he saw her working at her desk, and she was a sight to behold.

She looked up from the holo-tablet and her beauty drew him into her much like how absolute blackness absorbed nearly all light into itself, his eyes falling onto her porcelain face that looked too perfect to mar and blemish yet the instinct within desired him to seize it with both of his hands and press his own to her blood red lips.

Her expression softened and that desire grew from within as her dark blue eyes lightened in ocean blue, as if her eyes were the physical representation of her approach towards the light.

Nothing was said between them as he walked over before leaning down and she angled her face towards him and he brushed her hair aside as he pressed a loving kiss on her blood red lips, the smell of winter roses invading his nose that blazed feelings of welcome and home within the depths of his brain.

There was nothing like being home to the one you belonged to, the one who enhanced existence in an indescribable way.

"My love." Atticus said as he leaned back and met her loving gaze on a face that split in a faint half smile. "I've missed you."

"You've only been gone a few days." She said with a hint of mild indulgence in her voice though no less pleased that she was missed as much as he was showing her.

"A few days too long." Atticus said to her as he motioned to sit down just as a chair much like her own materialised beneath him with less than a fraction of exertion of will. "Though it was quite fun, I have to admit."

"The road trip with a pretty young woman young enough to be your granddaughter was fun?" She inquired with a straight face though she raised an eyebrow.

"Yes." He said with an equally straight face "Camping in the wild lands of America, dining together in quaint restaurants and diners. We had quite the time."

She rolled her eyes before her hand swept towards him gently, her hand falling onto his cheek whilst her thumb trailed across his lips.

"Has Comanche agreed as expected?"

"He has." Atticus said with a light smile, enjoying the gentle ministration of his wife's hand and fingers. As much as the trip was to show Pandora of the anomaly, it was also meant to barter support from Comanche.

"Four of their people will join Gaius when they journey back to Celestis."

Comanche's people's ability to connection to nature was almost unparalleled in the magical world and certainly was unparalleled if you considered only sentient beings.

They could communicate with nature…with the rivers, with the earth, with the forests and even with the rocks, the voice of nature different each time yet it answered back to them all the same though not in words but through the Native Americans' senses and through magic.

They held a deep understanding of the natural world, of how life and magic entwined to create these spirits of nature, these voices that were manifested as a consequence of life and magic, and it was this special trait of their people that he coveted.

"And how did he react when you took him to Europa?" Emily asked with mild amusement and he knew why she was looking at him like that.

"Better than Dembe Habe and the Volun Triarchy." Atticus said with a smile before his eyes showed unhidden mirth "And infinitely better than the Avalonians"

Emily lips upturned in equal mirth.

"I doubt there'll be many who will have that bad of a reaction."

She had a point, he thought to himself. For all of the strength that Avalon had with its high concentration of ancient families that had chronicles of ancestors supposedly performing impressive magical feats, they were incredibly…

Unimaginative to what actually was possible. Even Abraxas Malfoy, when he and the others who could be trusted – like his former comrades Harfang and so on – with the secret of their eventual departure from Earth were told and shown of their capabilities, had succumbed to near hysterics.

Despite having been witness to the creation of Illos which was as impressive a feat as their faster than light travel capabilities.

Still, hard acceptance of what was possible and what they were going to propose once the Statute failed – another point many found hard to swallow despite knowing his prodigious Seeing abilities – had come anyway and had brought on board much needed unwavering support for their initiatives for Avalon as they now knew what the end goal was.

He nodded at her before he smiled a little ponderously "In any case, as much as Comanche was impressed, it hasn't changed anything to their future reticence."

The Native Americans along with the many other smaller enclaves of communities around the world very much had a symbiotic relationship with Earth's nature magic.

These peoples…were always going to be the hardest to convince that it was time to move. Even once Exposure happened.

So when Comanche's people foster nature magic to bloom on their worlds, to bring spirits of nature to a hastened state of existence, it served doubly to bring back experiences of these worlds to the Native Americans.

Of virgin lands that were at least twice or thrice as magical as any place within America, lands unmolested by muggles and their pollution. They'd learn of the symbiotic way his people were planning magical settlement on those worlds, ways that would leave them with an impression that would be hardwired in their minds.

And Comanche will listen to his people and Comanche will be listened to the other tribes of Native Americans and they…they would be listened to other such kinds of magical peoples around the world who know of them such as the Samoans, the Polynesian communities and so on.

That was the best future available to them that he'd Seen.

"We will adjust if need be." Emily merely said as she removed her hand from his face. "We always have the last option."

Atticus' smile fell away before he nodded slightly.

"We do." He said with acceptance.

Force was undesirable but if need be…

All traces of magic would leave Earth when the time came.

Willingly…or not. It didn't matter.

Emily smiled at him fondly whilst she squeezed his hand gently before she leaned back in her chair, a more serious but curious expression on her face

"And the…anomaly?"

"No closer to determining if our theories about the extent of the anomalies are a hundred percent correct." Atticus said to her. In their explorations of consciousness, they found certain individuals that were more than others.

And it was only because of his own meta-knowledge that he formulated a reason as to why that was…why these people had threads within the membrane of consciousness that extended beyond to what he or Emily could sense.

Emily was positively fascinated with the multi-verse theorem…that there existed other versions of themselves in worlds far beyond simple alternative timelines.

Of course, she wasn't enthused when he remarked that in some alt-Emily might have been born muggle or a reptilian but it brought interesting discussions about whether or not there was finite permutations of how one's opposites would be born.

They already begun to formulate that there was a story written within the membrane of consciousness, a rough story, a rough plan that drifted infinite choices towards a certain bandwidth of paths that culminated towards a certain end goal and they thought that each universe might have a similar but different end goal.

The universe was attempted to be made deterministic but it was so vague – perhaps done on purpose – that it appeared not to be deterministic.

In that sense, it was possible that everyone was a variation of a theme of themselves.

No matter how strange the universe might be.

Mr Lee in this universe was a conduit of all that was experienced by his alternates in universes far more…interesting than his own yet those same alternates were quite possibly in a similar realm of profession or station in life.

It was a curious theory that Emily mostly championed to be likely but it was one that he was reluctant to accept, for a single reason…his own existence in this universe.

He was far more an anomaly than Mr Lee or others like him were.

He was a breach in the code of the universe that seemed as if it should be impossible…and yet paradoxically, he could see it being as something entirely possible given the existence of infinite alternate realities and multiverses that are saturated with Gods and manifestations of certain states of being like Death or Destiny or War…and of course those like The One Above All.

Once that was understood to truly exist…being reborn in this version of the magical world wasn't really impossible…not when souls existed beyond death.

He didn't know why he was here despite knowing that Moira and her daughter facilitated the path that lead him to exist here. It should be beyond them to pull a soul from the tunnels of consciousness that existed between one universe to another and that only meant that there was a Higher Being involved in the matter.

Higher Beings like the Precursors.

After all…

The Precursors were the closest things to Gods in this universe and were beings that might well have existed since the dawn of the universe, entwined to magic and consciousness in a way that was far beyond him or Emily, possibly beyond anything his race could evolve to become.

And with the assault to his mind he endured from whatever resided in the Domain decades ago, he knew that at least there was some kind of presence of their handiwork still extant in the non-physical realities of consciousness and magic.

It was not unreasonable to think that the Precursors had not died out, not even slightly, especially considering how the Ancient Humans had considered the Precursors to be masters of neurophysical energy, of magic.

Despite all that, the why still evaded him. It was a worry troubled him deeply for he couldn't understand why they might help Moira in bringing him into existence.

Especially as both he and Emily grew in understanding about the endless cycles that the universe underwent through over the course of billions and billions of years planning to utterly wreck this perpetual and monstrous cycle of destruction and recreation at the whims of those same Higher Beings.

Neither he or Emily were going to allow their world, their people, present or future, to fall to their whims…no matter how Godlike they were.

He shook away those thoughts and met her gaze "Still, our theories about them so far seems to be likely." Emily hummed for a moment before she spoke up again

"We'll have to keep an eye out on the man and the others. It is doubtful that we'll be able to formulate much other use of this phenomena at the present time." Emily conceded though she paused for a moment.

"Still…" Emily continued "We could always pose the challenge to Walter Bishop?" she asked with a mild knowing smile and Atticus grimaced.

"He might actually break the universe." Atticus said with a deadpan. Bishop was undeniably brilliant, in some ways more than he was, but over the years…he'd developed a bit of a…lackadaisical attitude to safety and reason.

Atticus blamed Bishop's penchant to consume LSD like they were mints.

Unfortunately, they also seemed to help. The man discovered another dimension, the Astral Plane and was making significant headway in charting out how it worked, what could be done within it and what its limitations were.

He even would have achieved limited success with something that Atticus had thought only possible through the Domain…retro-cognition…had Atticus not obliterated any further attempts by the man to look into it.

At least for now. It was the ability to have knowledge of a past event that one couldn't possibly know and Atticus had no desire to allow such things to be possible.

Not now…possibly not ever.

To give that man the idea of people being in existence that were in contact in some fashion or another was a terrible one. The man would somehow figure out a way to see those universes…and perhaps even cross over into one.

Regardless of what the consequences of such actions might be.

Emily laughed melodiously and she looked at him with amusement though he could see enough in her expression that she didn't think he was that far off in his assessment. "We'll broach the topic with him at a later date then." She saw the look on his face and her smile widened in mirth "much later then." She said with a laugh in her voice.

Hopefully maybe not ever at all. He could glean enough from other possible timelines to learn whatever Bishop would come up and wrinkle out any unintended disasters that Bishop would most certainly not think of removing.

That does remind him…he should probably facilitate a meeting between Walter and Elizabeth Hawkins sooner than later. Much of Walter's penchant for chaos without care of consequences get…lessened after he gets married and has a son.

Emily's mirth fell away and began to eye him curiously. "And Pandora?" she inquired with a more serious tone despite knowing the answer he'd given ages ago.

He smiled at her before confirming "Pandora can see the connections the man holds to his alternate selfs."

Emily's eyes sharpened as a few moments passed before she nodded slowly "Good to know how far her talents lie." Emily pursed her lips. "The Agoralos bloodline is truly special. It's a shame Hypatia has no desire to have more children." Emily shook her head "Perhaps that's for the best anyway if you have Seen will come to pass."

She was referring to her granddaughter who prove to be as powerful a Seer as he was…with a little training. Hypatia and Pandora were both prodigious Seers but Pandora's daughter…He was looking forward to seeing her to come to her own in about three decades.

Still, at this point in time, it was probably best there be as few as truly talented Seers such as those from the Agoralos bloodline. The Men of Symbols' purge of many such bloodlines worked in their favour as grim as it was.

It left them the opportunity to cement the Office of Far-Sight as the authority of visions and prophecy for the entire magical world and to ensure that a schism like that happened to spawn the Men of Symbols was left no chance to happen.

And with Hypatia setting the tone as the first Overseer of the department with her excellence, compassion, duty and loyalty, it was on course to establish exactly what he wished the organisation to become.

Emily's hand drifted towards his crotch bringing his mind to a screeching halt as he refocused onto her "We have a few hours before our briefing meeting." She said, her eyelids drooping low. Atticus' expression broke into a half smile as he grabbed her hand and he pulled her up as he stood up.

His hands drifted towards her soft curves that lay beneath the layers of clothing, curves that were as hard as muscle could get underneath the surface of lavender soft skin that he wanted to feel tremble under his teeth.

He brushed her silky black hair away from her face as he cupped her face lovingly "I could think of no greater way to spend time" he murmured softly before he brought his face down and captured her irresistible lips.

Hours Later…

"Took the League long enough to bend to our demands." Emily mused as she looked over the copy of the proposal that Malfoy brought back.

"There has been increased activity by the Ottoman border, your Grace." Parelius explained in his monotone voice before he expanded "Thrace has seen no less than fourteen excursions." He said before he looked to Atticus and he inclined his head.

"In some futures it is a prelude to an incident that the Ravenites will use as justification for a campaign against the Ottomans. A campaign that would expand to most of North Africa and the fall of Alexandria only two years later." Atticus said calmly to the people in the briefing room.

Silence fell for a short few moments before he spoke up again "A future that is doubtlessly undone when we agree to this proposal." Atticus said.
Eldric Carson spoke up "The terms of the proposal are less than what we have demanded from the Benelux nations, sir." He stated curiously.

"Yes it is." Emily stated as she leaned in, her eyes set on Carson. "However the League is a different opponent than the Benelux nations which are weaker and less populated. The League represents just under half of the total magical population of Asia with significant influence over the rest of the Asian communities."

"It does set a precedent away from how we have dealt with other communities." Silas Merek commented. Atticus nodded to the former Director of State who now worked as an advisor to him and Emily.

He was referring to the friendship treaties they had signed with most Ministries around the world that they worked into their sphere of influence.

Treaties that more or less made them dependent on Illos as they 'uplifted' communities and nations with generous gifts, magical advancements and economic incentives…to the point that their economies were reliant on Illos and the other two country-ships.

This proposal was more or less a defensive treaty with international political alignment when it came to positions against the Ravenites though the wording left for…room for greater cooperation. It was far from ideal especially as he wanted to tie them closer economically and politically but they have been quite standoffish with them through the years so it wasn't unexpected.

Still, they were on good terms overall especially since the Ottomans and Persians did in fact do more to integrate 'new bloods' into their society along with adopting a more liberal viewpoint on muggle ideas.

So generally speaking, the treaty wasn't ideal but it was preferable to the alternative.

"It does however the Ravenites must not be allowed to spread into the Near East as they will soon into China." Atticus explained as he placed his hands onto the table, his expression hard as he swept his gaze across the meeting room. "This delays such action for years to come and I do not have to expand on why that is preferred."

Sober nods of acknowledgement were given to him.

The people present in this briefing meeting were amongst the highest ranked in Illos, some still functioning as part of the High Council. And each of them were in his and Emily's confidence about their plans to use the Ravenite threat as the catalyst to leave Earth to Celestis.

"Have they started to move towards the Chinese border?" Paul Doyle, the recently elected Chief Representative, asked with a concerned look on his face.

"They have." Parelius spoke up as a light at the centre of the desk lit up and a holographic representation of Russia and China flared up. "They have not yet tested the defensive ward schemes the Chinese have around their fortress enclaves as far as I can tell but the number of magicals in that region has steadily been increasing over the past three months."

"With as weak as the Chinese are since the muggles' extermination campaign" Silas Merek said with disdain before he continued, this time with a sober expression "I can't imagine they can last as long despite their huge population."

"The will of their people is weak as a consequence of the trauma they suffered." Emily agreed with irritation. "It is after all why they are moving against them."

Atticus couldn't really feel much sympathy for the Chinese. Almost every overture they made to them was rejected, preferring reclusion over everything else.

It would be their undoing.

…and to their advantage.

The Chinese had a huge population that were ranked in the top three and along with that, they also had a proud history that was, in all honesty, something to be actually proud of.

He admired the Chinese but unfortunately, that pride needed to be broken if their people would fall in line by the time of Exodus. A decade or two under the rule of the Ravenites would ensure that.

"It is why we're also ensuring to secure any artefacts they might possess before they fall." Atticus explained to the room before his gaze met with Parelius who inclined his head slightly. The Chinese had a number of artefacts they used to great effects during their conflict with the communists and it was one of those artefacts that allowed them to appear exterminated to the communists long enough for assistance to arrive and carry out the mass Obliviation of millions of Chinese people.

"In any case" Atticus continued "The treaties we'll sign with the Aryan League" Atticus paused for a moment, his voice unchanged despite the unfortunate name choice the League voted upon "are only a stopgap for now." He said to them concluding this point of the briefing.

The meeting then went forwards towards other matters like the affirmative message they received back from their people in Celestis who by now should be on their way to Earth.

The progress they were making in Celestis was still a secret that a small percentage of Illosians were aware of…only those in the High Council, some select Representatives, those who working on the projects related to the Scout-ship were in the know and a few of the leadership within Aziza and Ame-No-Ukihashi were aware of it.

With only some forty years until Exodus happened, the secrecy had to be…lessened, especially when it came to ensuring compliance from their allies.

Of course, that didn't mean most of the people involved weren't Illosian born and bred nor that nearly all of the technology was kept tightly under their control and secrecy maintained through binding oaths.

Soon the conversation turned towards MACUSA's attempts to reach the moon in a vain attempt to prove themselves equal to the American muggles and Illos.

The American muggles reaching the moon was a notable news story in the magical world but only as a side story as a way to…not so lightly prop up magical superiority given that he was the first human to ever to set foot on the moon with Illos the first nation from either world to reach the moon and beyond.

And as a consequence, MACUSA wanted to prove them to be as capable as their muggle cousins…something they were fairly succeeding at. They managed to get into high orbit of Earth and soon they would try and reach further away.

He was quite disdainful of their attempts to try and match Illos in every way. The years since the peace he'd won the with ICW had not been as...fruitful as he wished and American and Illosian relations were not as good as they could have been.

Partially that was his fault by deciding to pursue a closer relationship with other parts of the world despite knowing that it would set their relations back.

Things were improving but that was mostly because it was always going to improve. Illos was powerful and the Grand Alliance was the way of the future and even they could see it which was why they were at least partially making themselves seem as equals to those in the Alliance.

Finally, after they talked about opportunities to support rebels within Ravenite held countries and other things like instituting cooperative events across the magical world like the Omniwizard Tournament, they got the final part of their meeting.

"And now onto the latest poll results from Avalon." Parelius intoned.

"Have the Secessionists gained any further traction?" Paul Doyle asked with a frown, the question that was on most people's mind.

"No." Parelius said with mild irritation flaring in his eyes before he lost it within a moment "However they have a strong base within the electorate."

"I would hardly call less than ten percent a strong base, Parelius." Emily said with a raised eyebrow "Not only that, most of that ten percent are naturalised squibborns and squib citizens who are unduly resentful." Emily said displeased with her lips thinning, her eyes glinting with an anger that was rare these days.

And it was an anger that he understood very well. They went through great troubles to find a solution that was…heavily in their favour for almost nothing in return. Yet they balked at claiming Emily as their Queen, a point that he found as aggravating as she did considering everything they were doing for their people and yet…

Some of them were dead set in refusing her. Of course, it wasn't just that they held loyalties to a muggle Queen. People never liked being uprooted never mind being given harsh choices but they weren't the only ones who were uprooted from their homes.

All magicals who called England and Wales home had to leave for the Scottish Highlands and the Hebrides and yet they got over it and were thriving in Avalon.

They made the choice to be in the magical world yet they were the backbone of the Secessionist Party whose only goal was for Avalon return to Magical Britain under the authority of the Crown with the Statute of Secrecy still in place.

No matter how unpalatable that seemed to the wider public.

Unfortunately, they were smart enough to work under the law and none of them tried to inform anyone in the muggle world so they had to be contained as much as possible until time did the work for them.

And one of those ways was to ensure that the polling results for them remained poor for them. After all, polling not only reported opinion but also shaped it. People bandwagon on the opinion of the average general public and they had to ensure the general opinion never deviated from what they wanted.

As distasteful as it was, there was a necessity of skewing things just enough – without being corrupt – to ensure that polling would get the general results they wished.

After all, polling can be used as a tool by the enemy not only to learn but also to manipulate and channel public opinion. As much as he wanted polling to be egalitarian, he was cynical enough even without Sight to know the pitfalls of relying on the honesty of opponents.

With a look across the room he knew that all of them agreed with that philosophy.

"Ten percent can easily become thirty percent, your Grace." Parelius said with a pointed look referencing towards the few still discontent former Progressives Houses who were effectively steamrolled by the Traditional and Neutral Houses when Emily came into her throne in 1958 and seized control over Avalon.

They were the 'secret' financiers of the Secessionist Party and those who wielded enough political capital to make things…a little more difficult.

They didn't truly want to return to being under the authority of the muggle Crown it was simply that they detested the changes – and him and Emily – more than anything else.

Despite the fact that some of them, like the Prewetts and Abbotts, suffered at the hands of the Order of the Phoenix that were infamously funded by the muggles.

"Unless you know something other than the muggle-lovers slowly killing their own political power, I doubt they muster such support from the people." Emily countered back. "There is no poverty, there is no subjugation nor any substantial corruption within the government. Why sacrifice that for creatures that wanted to destroy our then-government and subjugate our people and who sponsored the murder of our people?"

"Plus the tales of the refugees of what is happening across the channel past France have spread high and wide across Avalon. Upheaval at a time when it can't be afforded will also be on everyone's mind before they ever reach the critical mass of support to pose a problem." Atticus added to which Emily nodded with a faint smile before she lost it and continued.

"The threat of the Ravenites is so severe to the public that anyone with even a little sense knows that they have it good. Too good according to the migrant Houses."

Throughout the late fifties and all of the sixties, the Ravenites had gone from strength to strength all across Europe. Maligned Houses that were already weakened with their resistance against Grindelwald and his followers, could see the writings on the wall and left for pastures green…pastures Avalonian and French.

It was amongst those Houses that support for their rule was amongst the highest, only the common public and Houses who supported Emily throughout her rise being able to contend with her popularity with them.

It made Morfay a centre of multi-culturalism much like Alexandria was and still is.

"Overseer Parkinson is perhaps referring to the…inquiry we have received, Your Majesties." the Goblin Gobchoke said with bow of the head.

"As we expected." Atticus nodded to the Goblin.

"We have refused as you have ordered" Gobchoke revealed a full set of sharpened teeth as he spoke again "And gave them no impression that their probing would remain anything but secret. It was…profitable." Which garnered more a snort from Carson and other knowing looks from the others in the briefing room. No doubt they attempted to bribe for the goblins for their silence regardless if they were successful.

Atticus inclined his head to the Goblin.

There was little point in subterfuge or an over-elaborate plot. Not when he, and they, knew all there was to know of their scheming. "They will try again." He said as he looked to Parelius who bowed his head.

At the moment there were not enough to charge them with treason. But he knew that soon enough there will be enough to hang a few of them with treason when they get careless with whom they'd trust with information.

They would be made examples of.

There wasn't much else to discuss after that as the polling results were briefly discussed and soon enough both he and Emily retired back to their Manor on the slopes of Mount Celestis and it wasn't long before Emily was laying naked by the side of the inside pool with environment altered to function as a steam room.

She moaned with a hum in her voice as his firm hands stretched out the knots in her shoulders. His hands travelled down her oily back that had globules of water and her skin was as smooth as dolphin skin and as soft as silken pillows. And as he laced his fingers with magic he learned from an Indian sex magic book, he was pleased when he felt her shiver beneath him whilst he sat on lower end of her delectable arse.

She began to arch her arse and began to move it along the length of his hard member that almost nested in between her cheeks and, in return, he massaged the bottom of her back, just above her rump, a little harder and with a lot stronger magic and it garnered him a deeper, more sensual moan but she didn't stop to grind herself into his member.

It was then that his hands travelled back up her back and his large hands parted and each of them seized her by the top of her arms as he leaned forward, his chest to her back and his lips by her ear.

"Careful…" he said seductively, his voice trailing off into parseltongue and the tip of his tongue vibrating against her earlobe and she shivered with her entire body as his tongue made contact with her ear.

She began to sway her hips in response and he grunted with pleasure as his member was now trapped between her thighs and her could feel the warmth of her slits with his member. "I have no intention of being careful…" she returned as she turned her head towards him, her eyes filled with a heavy lust to match his own and within a second, she flipped herself onto her back, breaking free from his grip and grabbed his arms before she wrapped her legs around his mid rift and they began to float in the steamy air.

Atticus exhaled with pleasure as she descended her down onto his length, her arms still holding him with a tight grip and he could feel her working her magic as steam twisted around them before they formed into ropes made of water that wrapped themselves around his ankles and his lower legs.

He eyed her with lustful amusement and she smiled almost innocently at him as she stopped grabbing his arms in a death grip and instead traced her fingertips along his arms in a gentle and arousing way and he could feel his lust grow in strength as she returned the favour of enhancing her touches with sex magic.

His member throbbed inside of her despite the fact that she hadn't moved an inch and as he felt ropes form around his wrists that began to pull his arms backwards, she moved her hands towards his face as she leaned forward, slowly, sensually, kissing his chest before she moved to the crook of his neck where her teeth raked onto his skin before she bit down and he winced slightly before a contented grunt left his throat with the way she imbued pleasure into her skin with her bit.

It was then that she began to move up and down, the warmth and the tightness of her tunnel enhanced by the pleasure she bit into him, and the ropes tightened as she took complete control of his body and his arousal.

Her pace quickened, quicker and quicker and he felt her bite grow in strength and her side of the bond opened up and he gasped as he felt her climb to orgasm. He reciprocated and he heard her almost squeal in pleasure as she felt his own climb that was enhanced by all that she was doing to her and it sent her into overdrive as she moved with near inhuman speed, her hands snaking around him, her fingers digging into his skin as much as her teeth dug into his neck.

They lost themselves to their bond, to their pleasure, to their lovemaking and he wasn't sure how long had passed before he tipped over the edge when she had her third consecutive orgasm and he came inside her with almost a blinding roaring explosion that reverberated through their bond.

He could feel her heartbeat as she wrapped her arms around him and the ropes fell away and they remained afloat and he traced his fingers on her back as she fell into his arms. She looked up to him and he could see the love in her eyes, a love as deep as he felt for her and he brought his head down and captured her lips with a tender kiss before they descended down and simply held each other.

It was some time later when they siting in the shallow end of the pool. She was nested into his arms, her back flush with his chest and his arms were around her whilst his thumbs traced circles on top of her sensitive rose nipples.

She sighed contentedly and she twisted her face slightly sideways and he leaned down and captured the side of her lips with his own. It was a soft kiss, a gentle kiss, a loving kiss and both of them exuded deep contentment as she gently squeezed his legs. They parted and her head fell back onto his chest.

They stayed like that a little while as Emily fashioned a makeshift waterfall that trickled down hot water down onto them as they sat in the low end of the pool.

It was some time afterwards, when she stopped her caressing of his legs, that she spoke up "I dislike that you're leaving for Celestis for so long."

"As am I" he said to her. It wasn't the first nor the last time they'd talk about it.

"But I need to place the Mithril veins onto Celestis sooner than later and begin the process of feeding solar energy to our Mithril seeds." He said gently before he kissed the top of her hair. He wasn't ecstatic about leaving for more than a year either.

It would be the longest time they'd be away from either since they met. Even during the Grindelwald war they were at most a few months away from each other.

Thirty years of companionship, love and destiny.

The noise that came out of her was incredibly displeased but she remained silent for a few minutes before sighed almost resigned. "As much as I dislike it, I know it has to be done." She said in a way that it seemed like it was great effort for her to admit.

"We can't trust anyone else with this. Not even Gaius."

Atticus hummed in agreement as he rested his head on top of her head.

Over the past decade and a half, they built up a huge reservoir of Mithril as they converted energy from the Vacuum Energy Reactor into liquid magic and then into Mithril. All for the purpose of inlaying Celestis with the Mithril that would imbue the planet with a level of magic-ness that would be unheard of, a planet that was already more magical than Earth was.

Along with of course magically tying the planet to his and Emily's blood and magic.

They would have a connection to the planet itself, one that was deeper than their connection to Illos with its limited nature magic.

In Illos, if they concentrated, they would be able to pinpoint anyone they wanted to find. They could influence the wards that crisscrossed every inch of Illos and they could feel the magic that coursed through Illos like dipping a hand into a fast running stream of water.

Once they connected to Celestis…all of it would be several orders of magnitude greater than what they felt from Illos. It would make them practically control Celestis' very own spirits of magic.

No one was to know what he'd to on Celestis other than Emily and Alice.

His people who were either worked on Celestis or knew of the planetary system would think he'd be going to inspect Celestis for the first time ever…and to transplant most of the dangerous magical creatures such as the majority of dragons from the Sayre Reserves that resided on Illos in either ecologies or in stasis.

"One of us must go." Atticus agreed quietly and wrapped his arms around her. She melted into his embrace. Celestis won't be the only thing he'd be going away for.

He'd be planting Mithril Seeds around thirteen stars in the local star cluster to Celestis. Thirteen stars that were amongst the most massive stars in the local star cluster and that would generate the most amount of energy due their higher core temperature and greater rate of hydrogen fusion.

He would be placing massive indestructible mirrors – three times the circumference of the Earth – around these stars from the most optimum distance from the sun which would concentrate huge amounts of solar energy to a narrowed beam of energy deflected towards an energy-magic convertor connected to Mithril Seeds that would absorb the huge amounts of magic and grow for the next forty to sixty years.

By the time he collected the Seeds, they would be the size of planetoids.

For the past decade, he and Emily had a lot of time to come up with a use for Mithril and some of those ideas…he was very eager to start working on them.

He just hated that it would be started without her.

Emily sighed as she sank deeper into the water and in the process pulling him in.

"And if I go, it would give our enemies in Avalon a perception of an opportunity to cause more problems." Emily said with irritation. "However much they would fail."

As the sole reason why they had a claim to ruling Avalon, Emily had less latitude to be absent. Illos' loyalty to him and Emily was absolute and as much as people of Avalon were loyal to him – mostly because of his actions during the Grindelwald war – he was only the King consort and she was the Queen.

Most of them were completely loyal to Emily alone as the heir to the fabled throne of the Pendragon kingdom. It was easier for him to be away than it was for her.

It didn't mean there wouldn't be other problems. "The Ravenites…" Atticus trailed off and Emily turned her around and he could her eyes almost gleaming with anticipation and despite himself, he felt himself smile.

The Ravenites would notice his absence. He was too public, too involved in Illos and in Avalon for them not to know nearly immediately that he was not around.

"With the treaty that we will sign with the Aryan League." Emily said and he sense she did so with a roll of the eyes "They will be reluctant to move against us despite your noted absence." She paused for a moment

"At least in the immediate short term."

It was one of the reasons why they were not so bothered about accepting the limited proposal from the League. With his absence, the Ravenites would move against China and begin incursions against the Ottomans whilst also attacking and subjugating Italy.

It served their purposes in turning what was practically the calm before the storm, the deadliest of storms in the history of magical-kind, into a small tempest.

He often wondered about the parallels with the muggle world. World War I had been a cause of nationalism, World War II a cause of fascism and vengeance and ideology and the Cold War a war of ideology and domination.

After their show of force against the ICW, the notion of another war being inevitable had been almost unilateral across the world.

The peace hadn't been won, it wasn't allowed to be won after the defeat of Grindelwald. The Men of Symbols had seen to that and they had only inflamed it further for their own goals just as much as the Raven had in his own twisted way.

Of course, as the years passed and the ICW became directionless without the Symbols steering the vehicle, the thoughts of the next war changed to one with the Ravenites as Ministry after Ministry toppled under their strikes from the shadows.

There was a sense of irony in a way…of how history adjusted itself to fit a resemblance of what once might have been only this time across Europe instead of Britain.

That the hunger and intolerance for anything different was always meant to flare up in the magical world just as in the muggle world the ideological war between communism and capitalistic democracy was meant to have a facedown.

A pendulum that hadn't stopped swinging until it was made to stop to swing after another, however different, climactic end was written, that would always be written.

"You will not involve yourself personally?" Atticus asked quietly as he drifted his mind back to the conversation at hand.

Emily fell silent for a few moments and he spoke up again "We both know that the Raven and Cullaica are weaker than either of us but even the strongest can be toppled with the infinity of magic. I have not Seen it happen in any timeline" he paused for a moment, smiling sardonically "in thousands of timelines but I cannot be certain that I am not being blinded by anyone…or anything."

In more than a few timelines in his absence, he'd Seen her battle with Cullaica, killing him, before later fighting with the Raven who would be allowed to escape.

In all of those timelines, the Plan was not in too much jeopardy but it always left fewer survivors from Ravenite dominated nations. Not only that, the fallout from the Raven's cruelty also extends to the muggle world which pulls forward the time of Exodus by nearly two decades.

International pressure for the moment to intervene was sufficiently low as no one wanted to be involved what would promise to be a devastating world magical world but in those timelines, it was very, very high.

"I can't promise that." Emily said as she turned towards him, her expression genuinely remorseful as her hand went up "I know…I know what you have Seen and I will try my best to avoid such outcomes but we both know that the timeline will change between now and then by the simple fact that we make minor adjustments as we chart our way to our destiny." She said delicately knowing that neither of them would be pleased if one of them got into a battle without the other.

He knew her argument was true. He was no longer the only one who traverse Living Time with any skill. Hypatia and the four other under her tutelage were all capable of altering the timeline and did so under strict conditions.

Even a minor change can snowball into a course change that can affect other paths and soon all previous knowledge where things were going was meaningless.

He could order them not to change anything. The Office of Far-Sight directly reported to him and Emily alone. It would be that simple and the course that they set prior to his departure should be as close to fixed as possible.

And yet, it would be something that they both knew would not guarantee the timeline would remain the same. They knew better than to think that the timeline was anything but the string of the most likely possibility in many that were subject to akin to winds of change.

Winds that were subtly influenced by something other.

He and Hypatia and her underlings were those who could counter said influence, just as Moira's daughter and her organisation and the Men of Symbols were able to do, but that was something that had to be actively done.

And he would be hamstringing them if he commanded them to do nothing.

Ultimately, he would have to trust in Emily's judgment. "Then you will promise me that you won't endanger yourself?" It was pointless to ask, he knew, but he still wanted her to say it. She smiled at him, knowing the same thing he did.

"I promise" she said as she grabbed his hand and kissed the back of his hand, a coy glint in her eyes. "Does that make you happy, husband?" she said demurely.

Atticus cracked a fond smile. "It will suffice for now, wife." He said as he rolled his hand and cupped her cheek, his thumb tracing the right side of her nose. Mother Magic…he loved this woman more than life itself.

He would ensure he made any need for her intervention to be as close to null as possible by the time he left around autumn. Not only because he would be concerned for her but also because the pragmatic in him that wanted the Ravenites to be successful to a certain degree…for as long as possible.

Once the people were broken in spirit, first by the Ravenites and later by the horrors of war, people would search for meaning in their private lives once ideology has lost its appeal and there would be a desire for peace.

A peace that would be denied when Exposure happened and after all that has happened, there would be little appetite for further war and that was when they would present the alternative, an alternative that people would look forward to and embrace the chance to build a new world and gain a new lease on life free from their past.

Emily hummed indulgently before she closed her eyes and tucked into his chest, the sounds of soft dripping water the only thing they could hear and soon enough, he also closed his eyes and drifted off to sleep, his overworked mind getting much needed reprieve.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Belogradchik Fortress, Bulgaria

Otto Ælvisson POV

He exited the floo in a flash of green fire with a seamless transition and as he looked up he could see a host of Ravenites waiting for him and he hardened himself in the face of their cool and hard expressions.

"You are late, Chief Wizard of Denmark." One of the Ravenites said in a cold tone to match his cold, hard expression.

Otto snarled "Mind how you speak to me, disciple." His face twisted into a furious snarl "Lest I have your tongue ripped out of your mouth." He said with a furious tone that lessened as he calmed himself though not without sending one last a hateful glare at the insignificant rat "I was delayed at customs despite having diplomatic clearance…something I will raise with Cullaica."

The Ravenite narrowed his eyes "Go. They will lead to him" He said and the path was cleared before him and Otto scowled at the man before he raised his head and simply began walking after the Ravenites.

Inwardly he let of that bout of tension. Weakness could never be shown. Never.

Even one as him with power in the Empire.

He followed silently through the labyrinthine ancient castle, the dampness of the castle could practically be felt on one's skin and he hated it. He never knew why Dark Lords liked these kinds of places. That was a lie, he morbidly though to himself.

It was uncomfortable, it was visually dark and it was intimidating.

What Dark Lord wouldn't want such a place as his throne?

He sighed internally as he reflected on the past decade and some years.

The Raven had delivered as promised.

The nobility lay supreme across most of Europe, those of weak and impure blood either put in their place, in the ground or working the ground, and the rest either allowed to remain relatively intact or otherwise scattered to the winds leaving their lands and wealth to those who it always should have belonged to.

The ICW had turned a blind eye as Ministry after Ministry fell to the Raven thanks to their agents that rotted the organisation from within and the reluctance from the rest of the world to get involved in another European war.

Something he was sure they were regretting deeply now that their power was left a shadow of itself and its political influence in the gutter as most members at most paid lip service to the weak authority of the organisation.

The few members of ancient families that managed to survive the purges – those who were helped to survive, he thought to himself silently – had their assets taken and redistributed to the families that were part of the Conspiracy and it allowed them to regain, if not greatly expand their wealth to levels before Grindelwald's defeat.

Their hereditary rights were restored and expanded, the Ministries were abolished and a return to the traditional Noble Folkmoot was re-established. The common folk served at the leisure of the nobility with little change to their circumstances – if they behaved – and all economic power rested back in their hands as it always should have been. This was a similar story that repeated itself throughout Europe.

His eyes flickered for a brief second before he returned his expression to a blank state. Yet…it was far from ideal. He eyed his escorts that bore indistinct black robes and walked with the same gait that only spoke of years of training and for a moment he let himself feel grim at the thought of tens of thousands of these men willing to die at the Raven's command.

He once though they were getting a younger, more malleable Grindelwald, one that wouldn't be able to make demands or have the strength of magic that seemed unsurpassable…how foolish were they.

In a way, they got what they wanted…and in others, he was far worse.

If Grindelwald had ever been as smart as the Raven and less insane, Europe would have been his well before Sayre had grown old enough to pose a threat.

And, he thought grimly, he thought that perhaps that was the greatest tragedy about it all, as he eyed the Ravenites with a wary and disdain glint before he squashed it.

The Raven and his personal attack dog had a cult that had grown and continued to grow at an alarming rate. Fanatics, zealous fanatics that worshiped the Raven as if he were a god and it wasn't simply the rabble that were falling under their spell…

Not that it was a spell, he thought as he resisted the urge to swallow. There were only rumours but it was enough to terrify even the proudest ones amongst them.

Those who committed themselves to the Raven would within the space of a year become unrecognisable, their entire world revolving around the Raven's whim.

Not even family mattered to them. Only the Raven did.

He resisted the urge to swallow as he remembered the extermination of the Zandorf family when its Head of House dared to stand up against the Raven for placing himself as the de facto leader of Germany rather than be voted for leadership as was tradition. Bastian Zandorf's own nephew watched with uncaring eyes as the Raven murdered his entire family…including his parents.

It was the first – and only time – that the notion of anything other than subordination was entertained. Flashes of memories of the darkest kinds of magic being employed in the killing of the Zandorf were at the forefront of his mind, kinds of magic that he hoped never to see again after the death of Grindelwald.

The worst thing about it all was that no one knew if that was the full depths of his abilities. No one even knew the man's name even after all these years.

And it wasn't the only thing that people, that he, didn't know about him. The man seemed as if he was simply spawned into existence from the depths of purgatory.
Despite his lack of political agenda, beyond the relatively simple desire to make all of the magical world obey, some had taken to come up with wild theories and attributions to the man, even suggesting that the Raven was behind the near zero birth of mudbloods in Raven held lands, that the Raven had cursed mudbloods, denying them the gift of magic they were unworthy to receive.

He would have scoffed if he did not fear that such a feat may not be out of the Raven's capabilities, he thought to himself with a shudder as he remembered the necromancy he'd seen the man perform. The only reason he doubted the man had done that is the simple fact that Otto didn't think the man even cared about purity.

The Raven was inhuman in that regard...in his disregard of all things but his desire to have the entire magical world under his rule.

He shook his head, banishing away about the mysteries about the man's origins.

Despite the Raven allowing the conservative families to regain their positions of power throughout the magical world and purification of the magical world, he made no comments about what his beliefs were…only that he be obeyed in totality.

And obey they did, he thought to himself, the concern swelling within the pits of his stomach. The Raven was as dark as Grindelwald had been…without the veneer of civility and charm. Cullaica was worse.

He shook his head and eyed his escorts another time before he faced forward, the deep trepidation that he felt roaring back from within. He made it a point of fact to never seek the presence of the Raven directly ever since…the purges.

So to be called to his seat of power…

He cursed himself for the ambitious nature that he possessed. He was the most powerful Dane in his country and the Chief Wizard appointed by the Raven himself to oversee Denmark.

Finally, he walked through the heavy doors and his escorts remained behind leaving him alone. His gaze flittered around the massive hall, a hall that reached at least five floors in height and about two thirds that wide, rings of candles lining the walls that dimly lit up the hall and he almost stopped in his steps when he saw the Raven sitting in a rickety stool by the small fire that was kept going in the fireplace.

He took a deep breath and clenched and unclenched his hand before he made his way towards the Dark Lord, a Dark Lord so unlike any he'd ever heard about.

The Raven cared nothing about comfort. Neither did he care about what he ate or what he drank. His Ravenites were the same, he thought with a scowl.

Odin-damned fanatics.

The worst thing about it is that people actually believed that the Raven was the Morrigan's chosen, her vessel on Earth to purify the magical world and that it was because of that blessing, that Gods given mission, that the Raven was the way he is.

Otto thought it was little more than idiotic ramblings by simple minded fools.

"Otto." The Raven said, his gaze never faltering away from the weak flickering fires and his voice was soft, as always, yet it left him resisting from letting a shiver go down his spine. As soft as it was, it was also like a flake of ice being carried away in arctic, frigid breeze, such was how his words seemed to be devoid any warmth.

Otto went to his knees and bowed low before the man. "My Lord…"

"How long as it been…? A year? Two?"

Otto swallowed as he looked up and somehow managed to keep the Raven's gaze, a gaze that contained two black orbs that seemed darker than the man's black locks, and on a face as pale as snow, they looked far from human.

"It has been four years, my Lord." Otto said humbly. "Far too long."

A raven's croaking call suddenly rang and a flittering of wings dominated the silent hall before the raven landed and perched itself onto his Lord's shoulder.

"You should know it is bad luck to lie before a Raven." His Lord said before he tilted his head slightly and scratched the back of the raven's head. The pet seemed to almost trill under the Raven's fingers.

His Lord turned towards him, his expression indifferent, devoid of any kind of emotion. The only expression Otto had ever seen on the man, even as he killed, even as he gained victory after victory and peoples after peoples came bowed before him.

"Nothing can be hidden before a raven's insight."

Otto swallowed and bowed his head, his head almost touching the floor.

"I…" The creaking sound of the rickety halted anything from what he going to say and his Lord's feet walked passed him, Otto keeping his head bowed as his Lord's feet disappeared from his periphery vision.

Otto tilted his head slightly and he tracked his Lord's movement and watched him go to the table that had a flat representation of the world etched onto its surface. Otto knew enough of the man's idiosyncrasies to stand up and go to the table.

The raven on his Lord's shoulder croaked again and flew away before landing, much to his dismay, on Denmark. The infernal raven pecked its beak on Copenhagen and ice replaced the blood running down his back.

"My Lor-" Otto began to choke, his body shivering as if he were naked in an ice storm in the midst of deadly winter night. His vision began to be clouded, black spots began to flicker in his field of vision but he saw enough, much to his horror, tendrils made out of black nightmare rippling from the Raven.

The Raven tilted his head slightly towards him, the same blank emotionless face that wouldn't look out of place on the face of the deceased. A blazing fire began to roar from behind him as the candle lights were snuffed out one by one and the light of the blazing fire cast a heavy shadow over the Raven's indifferent face.

"Your control is slipping." The Raven said, the ice in his voice echoing through the pitch black magic he was exuding and he was brought to his knees.

"M-my…my L-Lord!" Otto's voice was frantic, his body fighting as hard as it could as he tried to get words out from his mouth. "T-tell m-me wh-what is w-wrong, I will remove ev-vvery tr-trace of it!" he choked out with desperation.

The Raven tilted his head away from Otto and it felt like an age, as if time itself had stopped under the weight of the Raven's magic yet, mercifully, it stopped before he thought he would lose all consciousness.

Otto heaved as he sucked in deep breath after deep breath and, after managing to feel his legs again, he shakily got back onto his feet though he kept his head low and bowed. The silence felt stifling and Otto had trouble stopping from trembling.

He'd seen the Raven disintegrate men, powerful sorcerers that were far from unworthy, like they were nothing, without even appearing to do anything.

The man was a magical force of nature and it was all he could think of and it couldn't come more as a relief when the Raven spoke again, ending the stifling silence.

"There are those amongst your people in contact with the ICW." The Raven said without inflection his voice, his voice as calm as a still spring day and Otto gulped as he realised the severity of the situation…of what he had let happen.

He knew full well how close they were to expanding outward again towards Italy and the Far East and the last thing they needed is for traitors to let the enemy through the backdoor. It was the last thing he needed.

"Who, my Lord?" Otto said with urgency and the Raven raised his hand and the pet raven croaked before he landed onto his Lord's hand.

"That will be for you to find out." The Raven said as he tilted his head slightly before he turned away and made to walk away but not without adding. "Hjalmar Stolpe was unable to find out who was responsible." Otto fought to remain calm under the confirmation of what probably happened to Stolpe.

The man had disappeared just under a month ago and now he knew why.

"I will not fail you." Otto said with a bow from the hips, meaning every single word of it. He would not fail. He could not fail.

The Raven said nothing and the light of the fire was snuffed out and within less than half a second, all the candles were relit and…and there was no sight of the Raven.

Otto closed his eyes and stood there for some time, his breathing quiet.

When he reopened his eyes, he regained a measure of his composure and twisted on his heels as he made way towards the doors. He knew exactly who to question.

A silent snarl made way on his face. This was how they would repay him?!

He who ensured the blood traitors a chance to bow or to leave after the fighting was over?! This was how they would repay him?!

A glaze of hate fell over him. Fine. If he must go the route of Germany…of Austria…of Russia…

So be it


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 79 others
mosefboombox117
May 14, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 20 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
May 21, 2023
Add bookmark
#318
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 20

23rd​ of April, 1971 – Illos, Celestis City

Amelie Cantona POV

She heard Lyra descend down the steps and when she entered, she heard her mumble in a yawning voice "smells snice" and Amelie turned around with a raised eyebrow as perched herself down onto the kitchen table stand, her face looking tired and in need of a long soak.

"snice?" Amelie said with a quirk of her lips, her left incisor showing through her lopsided smile. Lyra unapologetically shrugged.

"Snice." Lyra only repeated and Amelie laughed as she flipped the pan and the eggs turned over, her eyes still on her wife that looked at her with fond exasperation.

"Too tired for saying super nice properly?"

Lyra's little sway of the head was answer enough and Amelie smiled before she turned away to put the eggs on the three plates by the stove that already had bacon on the side. She liked the act of cooking. It was very calming. Just as she finished plating the food, she heard the lackadaisical little steps descending down the stairs.

Amelie picked up all three plates and set them onto the kitchen table stand. "Good morning Nino" Amelie said as she smiled at their little boy.

"Morning mum, mama" Nino mumbled as he took the stool next to Lyra who decided to give their son a little wet kiss on the forehead and Nino was too sleep addled to give his usual protestations as she put the plate of food in front of him before handing over a plate to Lyra and sat down opposite Nino.

Nino tapped on the kitchen table dial and selected his condiment and with a flash, a little cup of brown sauce appeared from the delivery.

Nino picked it up and poured on the side of his breakfast before he tucked in. Amelie smiled before she turned to Lyra who was bit off a piece of bacon and she remembered something. "It'll be a late day for you won't it?" she asked

Lyra swallowed the piece of bacon and nodded a little displeased "Old Parkie wants go in detail about the security detail…as if we haven't done so numerous times over the past few weeks." She rolled her eyes

"And will do so again a day before it all begins."

"It'll be a huge turnout. Larger than four years ago when we had about twenty thousand visitors." Amelia said with a frown "Not surprised he's dialled up security readiness to the nth degree." Amelie touched the dial and a red drink materialised which she picked up. "And you should stop calling him that" Amelie said as she tilted her blood filled glass towards Lyra.

"You mean Old Parkie?" Lyra said a little mischievously before she threw the last piece of bacon into her mouth.

"Whose gonna tell? You" Lyra questioned challengingly with a smile on her face before she swivelled her head towards Nino who was definitely listening to their conversation as subtly as he could and Lyra's eyes sparkled with mischievous intent, her hands primed

"Or our little Spy who is doing such a good job eavesdropping?!" Lyra demurred loudly as she pounced onto Nino with her hands, tickling him everywhere she could, his giggles and laughing pleas of 'stop' and 'mercy' a joyful music that rang in their home.

She looked on fondly at the scene over the rim of her drink, her happiness blooming from within like a new born star seconds after sparking into existence from its stellar nursery.

This was their little heaven on Earth.

She thought she'd been happy when it had been her and Lyra but after Nino was born…she was so so wrong. A piece of herself and Lyra was in their little boy and watching him grow, watching him go through life every day with them there every step of the way…

She was silent as she drank her blood, her eyes still fixed on the two people she loved more than anything else in life.

To think she had been doubtful at first. She could not conceive nor could she carry a child to term, not with her hybrid dhampire nature, but thanks to this treatment, she was nevertheless able to become a mother.

They had many arguments, most of it about her own…unsuitability to be a mother and she was ashamed to say that she almost lost Lyra over her own self-hatred – not that Lyra ever said so but Amelie knew Lyra despaired about her self-hatred – and she was never gladder to have been so so wrong. Nino meant everything to them and she would not change anything…not even her own dhampire nature, not any more, if it meant Nino wouldn't be.

Her life…had not been easy after…Belgium.

The nightmares had long ago gone away but she still had many years of trauma. She'd worked through it as best as she could, working to protect Illos in any way she could, through blood and protection, but there was still something that had always stuck with her…no matter how Lyra helped with it. No matter how much His Majesty had done to restore her mind. And when she held Nino in her arms…

She'd never felt more at peace than she did at that moment, that knot in her heart finally coming undone and she felt like she could breathe again.

Nino…meant everything to her.

He was her little Prince.

"Okay." Lyra said as she finally let their son go "Go upstairs and get ready." She said as she gently pushed Nino off the seat and Nino took that as a cue to run up the stairs. Lyra turned to Amelie with a raised eyebrow "How much do you want to bet he'll be on the Magicom in…" she trailed off sing-songy as she counted down with her fingers "now?"

"No bet." Amelie said with a bored pointed look that lasted a good few seconds because the pair of them broke out in smiles. Lyra placed her hands on the table using it as leverage as she got up "Right. I will go for a shower." Lyra said with a curious smile on her face and Amelie's lips twitched. In amusement and disappointment.

"I've already showered." Amelie said and she broke out in a smile again "and nooo" she said as she walked towards Lyra and seized her by the shoulders and turned her around "I won't shower again, you minx" she said before she slapped on Lyra's arse who yelped slightly.

She turned around, a lustful look on her face and she winked saucily. "Your loss." Lyra said with a very very put on sway of the hips and annoyingly very seductive too. Lyra caught her trailing look and laughed in delight as she went up the stairs.

Amelie shook her head and took a few calming breaths "That woman is going to be the death of me" she muttered though it was with a fond smile.

About an hour later, they were all dressed and ready to go. Nino looked adorable in his little Rosi uniform with the little Loki themed satchel that contained all of his school stuff. Though she looked on disapprovingly at the Magi-Gram, the small hand held game console that also functioned as a com, in his tiny hands and she took it from him. "What did I say about using this on morning school days?"

"Not to." Nino mumbled as he looked forlornly at the device when Lyra took it upon herself to floated it away from her hands towards the living room table.

"Honestly, what could a bunch of eight year olds discuss that is so important it can't wait until school." Lyra said more to herself than to anyone else with a hint of exasperated perplexity.

Soon enough they were out of the home and onto the smooth pavement stone. Their home was on the 'beach front' of the first ring of water facing Mount Celestis and it was nearby the school and the Main Tower so they always opted to walk Nino to school and then to work afterwards.

A lot had changed over the past decade or so.

The skies were often filled with hundreds of skymobiles though it was very organised after the hard-light lanes were introduced to the skyline that zoned traffic in across the city and across the other more rural regions.

She was glad for it even if she knew accidents barely did any kind of damage or injuries thanks the wards that surrounded the city but when there were sixty thousand people in the city itself and a third of that in the rural regions, it was a necessity really for there to be official 'laws of the skies' like there were now.

She nodded politely at a neighbour who smiled at them before they crossed the street and turned left. Sixty thousand people. She could scarcely believe how much they'd grown over the years and even less so when she thought that it was barely noticeable.

Well, that was a lie really. The streets were busier. There were more shades of skin than before and there were far many more adults now than at the beginnings.

The first generation born on Illos were adults now and growing to be the best of them all. The squibs-turned-magical were as much Illosians as born Illosians were and the immigrant magicals, both human and near human, were fully integrated and their own culture enriching that of Illos in their own ways.

Especially their food, she thought with a smile as the taste of the Sardinian cuisine she had the previous night lingered in her mind.

And she knew…the city had room for many more people.

Her faint smile fell off as she looked over to Nino and Lyra who were happily chatting away about something a friend of Nino had shared.

Room, she thought with a grim determination, that may be needed. She thought the secondary objectives of her mission had greater success than the primary objectives and in all honesty…from what she knew about the culpability about a lot of the Union's populace, she didn't think they were worth fighting for.

Before too long, they made it to the school and Amelie kissed the top of Nino's head before she let go of him and he ran off.

They watched Nino run into school and soon enough they were alone and on the way to work. Nino's school was only a twenty minute walk away from the Main Tower.

They had a chance to move to somewhere in the rural districts but they liked the place they called home for many years and the short walk was something both liked a lot and it allowed them a little alone time in an otherwise normally busy day.

"So it's for definite then?" Lyra asked out of the blue as they walked. Amelie glanced at Lyra who didn't look at her. She knew what she was asking about…they'd discussed it plenty of times.

"Yes." Amelie said quietly. "After the Beltane Festival."

Lyra grabbed her hand and Amelie squeezed her hand, both of them turning towards each other. Lyra had a tremulous smile on her face, one that Amelie tried to wipe away with an assuring smile. It didn't really seem to work.

"I will come back to you…to Nino" Amelie promised. It wasn't a wise thing to promise, she knew, but she didn't want to worry Lyra more than she already was.

"I'm just…" Lyra trailed off, her concern practically radiating out from her.

Amelie squeezed Lyra's hand again. "I know." She said a little quieter.

The mission to Greece would be one of her longest assignments since Chile six years ago and she had a feeling that it might take upward of a year until she might be recalled.

She was part of the Investigatory Branch of the Office of Intelligence which was effectively the branch that neutralised threats to Illos or stability within the magical world. Her work was often dangerous and…dirty.

Colombia, Norway and Jamaica were proof of that.

Which meant that while she was not necessarily privy to top secret information, she was privy to the majority of it and so she knew more than just a little about the happenings across Ravenite occupied Europe.

It wasn't pretty. Not at all. Nothing as bad as…De Galle…but enough people had died and would die and this was an opportunity to assist the insurgency and grow a movement across the Union.

If she and her team were successful…they could prevent many more deaths…especially Illosian deaths. War…war was all but inevitable and the more they did now, the more she did now, the more lives she could save.

The last thing she wanted was for war to break out when Nino was old enough. 'No, I cannot think about that even being a possibility!' she thought furiously.

"It will all work out, you'll see" Amelie said with a hundred percent sincerity as they reached the Main Tower. Lyra gave her a weak smile, the same kind of smile that Amelie knew meant that she was doubtful about her statement.

"I will see you later" Lyra said as she leaned in and captured Amelie's lips and moments turning on her heel and walking away. Amelie watched her go for a few moments before she shook her head. It would be fine. Lyra always got like this in the days running up to her missions and she'd always return. This time…

This time would be no different.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

26th​ of April, 1971 – Circum Domum Council Chambers, Morfay

Fleamont Potter POV

"I ask the Minister of Agriculture, what consideration she has given to the protocols of sugar, fruits and alcoholic beverages from the Caribbean communities that depend on low tariffs from Avalon and its neighbours?" Mobius Enright, the Councillor for Nomus District asked.

The Minister of Agriculture stood up and Fleamont tuned out the answer provided by the Minister, instead opting to gaze around the Council Chambers.

The old Wizengamot Chambers had been preserved during the move towards Morfay – then Hogsmeade – though it was still markedly different. The Council had the Wizengamot domed circular form though its tiered sections were removed and instead replaced with ornate benches several tiers high that grouped Parties together.

At present there were six different parties within the Council of Avalon. The Secessionists, the Progressives, the Collectives Party, the Economists Party, the Traditionalists and of course Ouroboros.

The Collectives Party and the Economist Party were the Avalonian versions of the same parties that dominated in Illos. Though, of course, they were hardly able to do so here in Avalon. Not with Ouroboros, what he considered to be the Queen's own personal party, having retained much of the goodwill and the public trust because of their… 'righting of the ship' as some say in the years before Magical Britain became Avalon.

Of course, it helped that they had the historical – and current – ties to Queen Emily.

As it was, Ouroboros retained just under seventy-five percent of the electoral votes in the last election allowing Ouroboros to effectively steer the nation unimpeded and unfortunately it seemed that they would face little danger of losing their obscene majority any time soon based on the latest polling even if they were down from the eight-six percent of the vote they had won in the first election.

His own party, the Progressives, had made significant gains in the latest round of election though that was mostly because they had a reality check in the first election when much of their mandate proved incredibly unpopular.

He'd thought he'd have been out of the filthy business years ago but against his better judgment returned to politics to take charge of the Progressives, he thought with a grimace. Fleamont blamed his ancestors for instilling within him and all Potters such a sense of duty.

In any case, as much as things had changed, the tediousness of government had not. Not even that could be 'blended' away as they had blended in the old with the new.

'The old with the new…' Fleamont mused on that phrasing, a phrasing that had almost become a slogan of sorts. It was a slogan and belief that none of his fellow party members had answers to who'd been to fixated on reversing a lot of the popular reforms. Well, not until he led the party with a different mandate mostly acceptable to the public in this new, strange and dangerous era.

'The old with the new…'. How innocent it seemed.

Fleamont would have snorted if it didn't hide the danger within itself.

The Wizengamot might have been replaced by a democratically elected 'Council' with the people becoming the source of legitimate power and the Ministry itself by a small army of 'civil' workers but it was far from where power truly lied

From a glancing look, it seemed like nothing was amiss.

The Council of Avalon did and worked as it was supposed to and was represented by the electorate who would vote for their party of choice.

One hundred and forty-three seats would be split based on the votes won by each party and thirty days after the general election, the electorate in each district would vote to select their favoured individual they wanted to represent them in the Council of Avalon from the party that had gained majority in that particular district.

But it was from then on that things became…clouded.

The Party who won the majority of electoral districts would then form a government in the name of Her Majesty before swearing a binding oath of office that was similar in kind to that which had to be sworn amongst the Councillors though the obvious exemption was the lack of swearing to be faithful to the Queen as required by the government and was instead centred around being faithful to the Constitution.

The government ruled in Queen Emily's name and by her leave would a government be allowed to form. People had noticed and when she had been asked about this, about whether or not it should be up to her to have the power to refuse a government to form, she only responded with 'What is to stop another Lowe or worse collaborators like those that have sold out their country to the Ravenites from doing the same here? I am the final defender at the gates and you can trust me not to abuse my authority just as my ancestor Arthur Pendragon never did'

Fleamont understood his brother's hatred of the woman very well – though he thought it was only half due – for she was as conniving as her ancestor Salazar was purported to be…before this new legacy of his that the woman twisted into existence decades ago. In actuality, there was only a mirage of choice.

From the moment her heritage – as much as he wanted to deny it, having her heritage confirmed by the Goblins themselves before their subjugation was a deathly blow to them – was revealed, she played on the emotions of the wider public masterfully.

She tapped into their history, into their pride of their heritage and the allure of a mythical homeland like Avalon and Camelot – and that he reflected back on it, he now knew she must have known about her heritage decades when the plays about Avalon and Excalibur were released in theatres preparing for the day that she would rise to the throne – into their fear of the muggles and into the trust they had in her.

He wondered…had they planned all of this that far back?

It was a question that he often asked himself and it was a question he wasn't sure he wanted to know the answer to…not when he, for certain, knew doing anything about it was about to be as successful as a flea defeating a dragon, he thought mirthlessly.

'A Thousand and One Eyes'…

Fleamont suspected there was likely a few thousand more to the Seeing eyes of Atticus Sayre, he thought grimly before he mentally shook away those thoughts.

Combined with her grip on formerly Traditionalist Houses and on Ouroboros itself, it all allowed her move mountain and earth that would never have been conceivable in any era before. Merlin had never commanded such authority over their people.

It was doubtful even Arthur Pendragon did.

And when the public were told their homes of centuries would need to be moved to Scotland…they simply accepted it because it came from the Queen. The public were told that all contact with the muggle world needed to end. They accepted it because it came from the Queen.

Any significant protests from most of the nobility had been quelled when their lands were physically moved to Scotland itself – just as his own ancestral home had been moved – and had their lands enchanted to replicate as much of their former abode's climate. Fleamont, just as many others had, were given a stark reminder of what they were capable of. And for him…well…it made him realise that they were more helpless than he could have imagined.

Others were placated and 'honoured' through other means and through the House of Lords, the spiritual successor to the Wizengamot though in reality it was a mere shadow of even the previous iteration after the Bombing, was successful in quelling most of the remaining unrest amongst the Nobility even further.

The Old Nobility, which any House with 'noble heritage' was now called and could campaign for a seat in the Chamber of Lords – as much as Fleamont hated it, he was co-opted back into nobility and its politics he'd previously was glad to be shot of – selected amongst themselves on who'd sit within the Chamber of Lords, a function of parliament that assisted the Council of Avalon in making and shaping laws.

It also functioned as a medium to check the Council's power and it ran for a period of twenty-eight years before another round of election was made to 'refresh' the Chamber though in reality, Houses like the Blacks, the Malfoys, the McKinnons, the Longbottoms and so on would rarely not be selected to be amongst the Lordly Peers by simple nature of their extensive alliances and debts they were owed by the lesser nobility.

Fleamont glanced at the current addressor before he sank deeper in his chair, his gaze turning towards the ceiling, beyond the ceiling as his expression gained a faraway look.

On and on it went, this exertion of power and sweeping changes in the British Isles and over its peoples and the majority of people simply…lapped it up with few people even wanting to protest any of it.

And those that did call for rebellion against the Sayres were silenced under the weight of the public opinion, common and noble alike, and those that continued where at best marginalised.

If that didn't work…

Exile or imprisonment and if even that wasn't enough…

Well, the Goblins, who had personally felt the fury of the Sayres, could attest to what could happen if you proved to be without compromise.

Charlus was so wroth with the 'tyrants' and he had to resort to pleading to get him to step away from the proverbial ledge that he intent on jumping from.

This was not a fight that could be won at a wand's tip.

It was one of politics, of public opinion. And it was a war they had lost before it could even begin, Fleamont thought with a kind of resigned defeatism.

It was honestly frightening to see how little of the country he'd been born to remained and how people simply…adapted to it all. Even centuries old wizards and witches, those who had been the most steadfast against any kind of modernisation like his father had proposed, were now eating out of the palms of the Pendragon Queen like voracious wolves that hadn't fed for weeks.

A grim smile threatened to come across his face. Not even the darkest of families protested as their political power was culled dramatically.

Did they know that once their current Heads of Houses like Abraxas Malfoy or Rasmussen Lestrange died, all of the power they wielded would not be inherited?

That their power was merely granted by the King and Queen only to be taken away when they saw fit?

There was a great sense of irony that their former form of governance ruled by the nobility for the nobility replaced by a democratically elected Council had left them closer to tyranny than the Wizengamot and the Ministry ever did.

But then…wasn't there a sense of truth in the notion of 'the tyranny of the majority'?

The Monarchs' actions and morally bankrupt directives did not come in a vacuum; it came with tacit and in many cases avid support from the public itself.

'No one has a right to endanger the magical world, not even I or my husband.

In a world where muggles are remorseless in their pursuit of victory, where muggles are without moral rightness and able to inflict deaths to entire cities filled with hundreds of thousands of their kind – a number of deaths that would lead us perilously close to extinction – what right do any of us have to freely endanger the Statute of Secrecy by continuing to mix with the muggles whose fears would lead to our exploitation at best and extermination as most likely as they have done to many other muggle peoples?

Whose fears would lead them to wish to exterminate us as a threat to their supposed superiority and mastery of this Earth?

No right, my fellow magicals. None of us have that right and that is why we must separate our worlds fully from theirs so that both our peoples can live in peace and that means we must make difficult choices to secure a brighter and safe future.'

There was a bitter respect for the woman's astuteness with the way she twists genuine concern into outcries of support and demand for action.

She and her husband and all of their sycophants crafted obedience into the hearts and minds of the people like a serpent whispering sweet lullabies into the ears of babes, crafting and shaping them into their supporting pillars.

He'd seen the unwavering loyalty the Illosians held to the monarchs and he knew that Avalon was well on its way to having that same blind obedience of those people.

He feared what they would do with the blind obedience.

He'd already seen people accepting immoral acts and crimes that should have been abhorrent to good people. How many steps were they really away from the same atrocities happening that had and was still happening in Europe?

Even the Weasleys thought little about the separation of children from their parents or the pressuring of squib families to make the unnecessary choice between either the magical world and magic or the muggle world and the rest of their families.

After all…

Who wouldn't prefer the magical world to the barbaric muggles?

That was the crux of the matter.

None of the initiatives she had enforced were considered to be morally wrong for the public to protest about nor did it affect them in their pockets, their bellies or their safety. In actuality, it fitted nicely in their worldview…in the superiority of the magical world.

Even family like the Weasleys that were known to be muggle sympathisers were not immune to this sense of superiority and it was a bias that the monarchs wielded like an expert swordsman.

With the public opinion shaped by papers like the Daily Prophet and the IMP, there was no hope of getting people to see the wrongness of what had been done.

Acceptance of even muggles in the magical world, those who decided to remain with their spouses and their children with their memories intact, was another argument that swayed towards the moral righteousness of what was being done pulling any teeth from the opposition to their other measures of total separation.

And if that wasn't enough...

The anger that horror stories from orphaned or saved squibborns shared about the intolerance by muggles was. There was a truly cruel genius in the way they had pulled the teeth of the opposition so much so that even he had no winning rebuttal.

And in truth…they were always going to be fighting up-hill. Who ever wanted to be wrong? To be told 'you're wrong'? That all of you have been misled and co-opted into agreeing to things that anyone else asking you would have been refused flatly?

No one would wish to think what they were agreeing with was wrong, no one wanted to even consider what was being done was an injustice on a grand scale that almost comparable to the crimes of yesteryears. Not by a minority that were already somewhat distrusted for their previous remarks.

No…this was not a problem that could be solved easily…or perhaps ever.

Fleamont shook his head, his gaze sweeping across the chambers as the words of the current addressor fell mutely into his ears. And the frustrating thing – and silver lining he supposed – was...

They were doing a lot of good too.

A traitorous thought entered his mind, one that was along the lines that the good far outweighed the bad but he banished it away knowing that the thought was tainted with personal benefit.

Poverty was non-existent.

Everyone was employed in some fashion or another.

Every child was in formal education be they poor or limited in magical strength. Families were able now to have more than just one or two children, some electing to have as many as six now that it was possible and without economic difficulty.

Food was abundant and varied. Entertainment, magi-tech even travelling across the magical world was open to anyone and everyone at affordable prices.

Advancements were made in both magic and science at a startling pace, even the Void was not a barrier with the way the Illosians – and soon Avalon – explored it, set foot on other planets and moons, nothing seemed to be out of reach.

Impossible was made possible and they never let it be forgotten by whose grace it was achieved. Even the impossibility of achieving true equality among blood statuses and those with creature blood or entirely different species.

Muggleborns…or squibborns, whatever you wanted to call them, were equal and accepted under the law and society. Even the few muggles were treated as normally as they could be treated. Squibs if young enough could be treated and their magic activated and so casting out from the family of squibs of shame became a thing of the past. Species like the Goblins, Veela, even the altered werewolves, Lycans as they are called now, were living peacefully amongst them.

Fleamont sighed. It would have been easy if they were simply tyrants.

Instead, they were as close to benevolent as tyrants and dictators could get.

And the tragedy of it all…if Fleamont had the option to simply…remove them…he knew that he would elect not to. Not because he cared for them, not because he thought he owed them his allegiance but because like a house made from a deck of Chocolate Frog Cards, everything would come crashing down if they vanished.

The Ravenites at the other side of the Channel were a stark reminder of how good things were in Avalon even if they under the rule of the Sayres.

And he knew…knew that despite how much he disagreed with much that was done, there was no one else capable of ensuring the levels of fairness and wealth that Avalon now boasted. His father's dreams of co-existence with muggles might be dead but acceptance was not. Even if it only extended to those few in Avalon.

And that…at the very least was worth preserving.

"I call Radley Brown to speak" the Chief Witch Madame Marchbanks called out from her seat at the top of the Council Chambers and Fleamont refocused away from the dour thoughts he was having and he gazed towards his fellow party member.

The aged wizard whose hair were as white as pearls rose up from his seat, parchment in hand "I thank you, Chief Witch Marchbanks" the aged man who represented the district of Boothy-by-the-Sea said before he began to read from his parchments.

Despite the fact that almost everyone used holo-magic for everything and anything, including corresponding with one another, by sight, by speech and by writing, parchments and quills were still perquisites to be used in any official governmental procedures. He would have found it humorous if it wasn't so tedious.

"I ask the distinguished Chief Minister whether, in view of the so called Union of Magical Europe's treatment of political opposition within its governments, Her Majesty's Government will confer with its allies to pressure the Union to cease its aggressive actions against its own citizens"

"Hear Hear" rang around the Chambers which Fleamont had grimly joined in.

The reports from the half dozen Danish families of refugees had been horrifying.

The Danish Folkmoot under Otto Ælvisson was totalitarian but compared to the others, they had been relatively tolerable amongst the intolerable.

No more, Fleamont grimly thought.

And with the heavy border restrictions the Union enforced across its territory, there would be little they could do to help those people short of war. Not even the muggle world was free from the Ravenite's monitoring after they plugged that security problem in 1968 though how effective it was, Fleamont didn't know.

Not when there were still refugees incoming nearly every month.

The Minister of Avalon rose from his seat and approached the dais "I thank the venerable Mr Brown for his question." The Minister, Percival Prince, a distant cousin of Lord Prince, placed his folder onto the dais and continued

"The recent plight of the beleaguered citizenry of Denmark shall be discussed amongst many such other analogous acts of aggression by the Union of Magical Europe when I sit with my counterparts in the upcoming conference with the Grand Alliance" Minister Prince said with stoic forbearance.

The questions to the Chief Minister on the Union continued apace by Councillors from nearly all of the Parties voted into their seats.

"Will the Chief Minister and his government advise the Council on what actions it will petition to take against the Union?" David Brooke, the leader of the Secessionist Party questioned, the room quietly muttering under their breath the moment he began to speak. Brooke was a squibborn in his fifties that was forcefully moved back from the muggle world that he'd lived in since graduating Hogwarts, a resentment and similar experience that he shared with most of his fellows in the Secessionist Party.

"This government" Brooke said with a disdainful note in his voice as he took a moment's pause before continuing "Has turned a blind eye against the grave crimes that are committed against the good people of Europe for the sake of a false peace." Brooke gesticulated with his hand, his index finger swaying from one side to the other with fury laden motion.

"I beseech this government to at the very least impose harsher economic sanctions on the Union if action beyond that is deemed a bridge too far."

The Chief Minister rose up from his seat "I reject any claim that this government or its allies have turned a blind eye to the sufferings of Europe." Prince said with a glint of challenge in his voice.

"We have taken in more refugees than any other magical nation on Earth, often coming with nothing but the clothes on their back and their wands in their hands.

We have nursed them. We have housed and fed them. We even granted them citizenship of this nation, an act that hardly any other nation has followed through with. To say we have turned a blind eye to their sufferings is not only offense to us but to our newest citizens as well."

Brooke stood up, his body language clear that he wanted to press on and spoke when bid to by the Chief Witch Marchbanks "Yet no further action is taken against the Dark Lords that have exiled them from their homes. Yet this government is silent to the abhorrence that is still committed against the native peoples of Europe, especially against those they deem impure" Brooke said with an ugly look on his face.

Fleamont felt some sympathy for Brooke knowing this was a deeply personal issue.

Brooke's wife was a second generation squibborn from Austria that with the luck of the leprechauns managed to escape to Avalon by sea. From what he'd read about her accounting of what was happening in Austria to people like herself, it brought horrifying parallels to what Grindelwald had done in the Belgian camps.

Still…as much sympathy he had for his wife and the others like her, unfortunately any action against the Union had to be carefully measured and taken.

The time of declaring war against the Union and hope for it to be a quick victory had long past. The ICW's ineptitude and blatantly feigned ignorance to the happenings of Europe had caused this situation to spiral out without control.

It was an open secret amongst the Council that the Grand Alliance would have to bring Europe back into the world of moral civilisation and even a decapitation strike against the Raven and Cullaica was not going to solve the institutional evils nor would the zealous Ravenites easily give in. It would take years to put Europe right.

Perhaps even decades, Fleamont thought with an internal wince.

And with everyone knowing that this time there would be no leniency for the families that aided and allied with the Ravenites as they had done with Grindelwald, it was a certainty that this was to be a devastating war that was going to claim many many more lives than the Grindelwald war did.

He would at least give credit to Prince and his government to avoid that for as long as possible…regardless of how much it was looming over the horizon.

Prince was far more preoccupied with ensuring the independence of the French and the other free Western European Ministries and as reluctant as he was in saying it, he agreed with this course of action.

And it wasn't as if they were completely without action against the Union.

There were significant economic sanctions against the Union and magi-tech companies were forbidden of any kind of business with the Union and Union influenced Ministries. The fact that even to this day they were receiving refugees, however few they are in comparison to the early years, spoke of hidden action.

Angry murmurs filled the chambers before the Chief Minister stood up.

"You demand more action but are dangerously obtuse to the consequences of such actions." The Chief Minister said in a rebuking tone that caused Brooke to redden in anger.

The Chief Minister continued though this time, his expression reduced into a serene calmness yet his voice as he spoke carried stoic finality "My government is dedicated to solving the challenges that we face as a community. I will not be able to say any further than that."

The rest of the Council session turned painfully uneventful and after speaking to a few of his party members, he made his way home.

Fleamont exited the floo "Euphie? James? Effie?" he called out whilst he dusted off the ash from his robes before he made his way through the Manor.

"Father!" Fleamont heard from the top of the stairs and he smiled as he heard tiny little footsteps descend the stairs rapidly. He turned around and waited for his youngest to come down.

She came running towards him, her long brown hair swaying from one side to the other and he swept her into his arms.

"Oof" Fleamont said with a groan whilst he shook dramatically, as if he was struggling to hold her up and it caused his five year old daughter to giggle freely.

He and Euphie had been resigned to be childless despite their attempts over the decades and after Dorea had Henry, he had been content enough with his lot in life.

Until James came along completely unexpected though it was much to their joy.

Once Assisted Conception was proven to be successful, he and Euphie had held long conversations about whether they wanted to add to their little family. Euphie had always wanted a large family and it had weighed on her for many years and now they had a chance to add to their family without being too risky to her health.

And so, in 1965, at the ripe age of sixty-eight, Euphie became pregnant with their daughter Elizabeth 'Effie' Euphemia Potter born in February 1966.

"What were you doing upstairs?" he asked his daughter as he balanced her in his arms.

"Watching Matilda the Explorer!" Effie chirped happily before she flushed and the smile turned into a displeased pout "Mom and Jamie wouldn't let me fly with them so I didn't want to watch them anymore. Matilda is much more fun anyway!"

Fleamont chuckled slightly at the cheek of his daughter. "I see. Well let's go find your mother and your brother, shall we?" Fleamont asked as he made a big show of carrying her, as if she was as heavy as a bag of stones.

"Daaaaadd" Effie whined adorably as she hit him with her little fists.

"Stop. I'm not that heavy!"

"But you didn't want to be called little pea anymore" Fleamont said with a frown "You said you were a big girl and big girls are big peas"

Fleamont nodded very sagely "And big peas are very heavy!"

"That doesn't make any sense!" Effie said a little indignantly and Fleamont fought hard to keep up his frown. "I'm not any kind of pea, big or little! I'm just Effie!"

Fleamont nodded agreeably and he could see the little hopefulness in her tiny adorable face "I see" he paused for a moment as he began to walk with his little girl in his arms, a mischievous smile on his face "Well then, Just Effie, let's be off then."

Her indignant cry of 'Daaaaaad' was music to his ears, his chest vibrating with his hearty laughter as he led them towards the backyard.

He spotted Euphie playing pick-up Quaffle with James a little higher up than usual. Instead of opting to call them down, he decided to simply continue to speak with his daughter whilst keeping a watchful eye on the pair in the air.

He listened as she chattered away about whatever came to mind, only stopping her to ask questions about this or that, and it was a quarter of an hour afterwards that his wife and son finally spotted them.

James came down with tremendous speed, only pulling up his broom at the last second. Fleamont looked fondly but exasperatedly at his son "Really?"

James only flashed him a mischievous grin "What?" he said in a not-at-all innocent tone. Fleamont rolled his eyes at his son. The boy had a confidence that put even the most famous actors to shame and he had no idea where it came from.

That wasn't quite true, he supposed.

James was a prodigy in the air and was scouted by the youth scouts of numerous Quidditch teams at school where he was on the Primary School team from the age of seven, the earliest one could be in the Avalonian Junior-Division 2 league.

James had not been immune to the kinds of fawning he'd hoped James wouldn't get until he was well in his teens. Fleamont blamed Euphie really. She encouraged James far too much.

James hopped off of his broom as Euphie floated her way down and he caught her gaze, a gaze that was accompanied with a bright smile.

Still…he supposed things could be much worse, he thought as he smiled back at his wife.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

27th​ of April, 1971 – Illos, Main Tower

The door to his office opened and Atticus turned away from the window that overlooked the city, his eyes falling on the Chief Representative that was being escorted in.

"Your Majesty" Paul Doyle said with a deep bow as he entered the room.

"Chief Representative" he acknowledged before he gestured the man in towards a seat. Doyle looked appreciatively as he moved towards the seat.

Doyle was a half-blood Irishman who joined Illos not long after he graduated from SIMS. Doyle was a thin and tall brown haired man, almost too thin but it worked to give him a considerable presence that was neither weak nor overly overbearing.

His youthful bearded face added to that presence, a sophistication that made it seem as if he were an academic, a professor and Atticus knew that the man leaned into that perception a lot…and he did it very well.

Doyle joined the Collective's Party about sixteen years ago and was elected to a Representative seat in the second primary elections after managing to win over the various ethnicities of his district with his wit and his dry and quick witted humour.

Underneath that wit and humour however, there was a keen mind geared towards proactive politics and that was quite refreshing. Smith-Rowe had been dutiful and more than willing to do what is necessary but it wasn't hard to see that the man preferred to exhaust all other options before arriving to the inevitable.

In any case, after having served as one of Smith-Rowe's advisors, Doyle was quickly identified as his successor despite being younger and others more 'due' for leadership.

Atticus had known he was going to become his Chief Representative and he wasn't disappointed with what he'd physically seen from the man.

After they got settled in and drinks were poured, Atticus, before drinking from his glass of wine asked "How are our guests settling in?"

Whilst Emily and Atticus were Heads of State, Doyle was the head of government in the most basic terms and equal to the visiting foreign heads of state like the Persian First Minister and chairman of the Aryan League Teispes Sina and so it fell to him to 'entertain' the visitors after he and Emily had done finished the tiresome handshake and smile routine.

The itinerary for the visitors for the next few days until Beltane was extensive and he didn't envy Doyle even for single moment.

Doyle inclined his head, settling his glass of brandy in his lap before he spoke "About as well as it could be expected." Doyle allowed a faint smile to break out.

"They're quite enamoured with the selection available through the dial"

Atticus smiled before he drank of his wine. After he brought his glass down he nodded slightly "Understandable. I could grow several sizes in waist size quite easily if I'm not careful" he said with a thin smile.

The 'shopping dial' was amongst the most popular of his inventions…by far and to be honest, he quite appreciated being able to press a button and order anything he wanted without having to wait...even if that wait was pretty short in the first place.

The Ancient Humans had molecular synthesizers – much of Illos' core had utilised the molecular synthesizers from the Facility – but they had not considered using their technology for synthesizing food. Or if they did, they long since abandoned it.

Feasibility of food synthesizing, converting energy to matter, was more than possible with the level of technology the Ancient Humans had and with a bit thinking and assistance from Moira and Alice, he'd figured out a way to combine the principles of energy-to-matter synthesizers and magic to solve the problem of magical food creation rather than duplication which was the most that could be achieved until now

And so they did with the 'Shopping Dial', an installed device in every home in Illos and most homes in Aziza, Ame-No-Ukihashi, Avalon and Ireland, when he created Ambrosia, a factory some ten kilometres away from the city and monitored by Elves and the Seelie, that ran on a complex array of Illosian Runes that was connected to every home with a Dial via the Magicom.

The factory would transport the requested food or drink pattern through slightly modified portkeys that ran on sympathetic magic on a similar basis that his Mirror-Phones had worked on.

This way ensured that the Dials themselves weren't able to convert energy to matter. In time, once they were on Celestis, he would release such magic into the magical world after the wards were put in place to stop any of the thousands of misuses he can think of.

Doyle looked amused but didn't comment, instead deciding to sidestep his comment "A few of them have requested to meet with you personally however." He said, his expression more serious. "Including the Croatian Minister."

"The refugees?" Atticus questioned.

Whilst most of refugees have made their way into France, Avalon and elsewhere, there are a sizeable lot in Croatia and Slovenia. More so after it became clear that the Ravenites did not chase them into their territories.

Doyle shook his head.

"No, the aid we give them is more than enough and it isn't like they don't have the space to take care of their needs. Plus, I'm fairly sure that they're actually pretty happy with them given that most of them have tended to be quite skilled people."

Most of the refugees that escaped the Raven's grasp tended to be skilled.

You had to be, really, in the first place.

He let the feeling of guilt pass through him without any attempt to shield himself from it, guilt that he felt for the more vulnerable people…the few vulnerable people still alive.

Forty eight thousand six hundred and ninety eight…

That was how many had died in the last decade at the hands of the Ravenites. Many of them died with their families. All of them he could have saved. He chose not to.

And more…

More would die.

And…

Their deaths were important, he thought with a tiredness that weighed heavy.

Important in the lesson that it would impart many years from now. Important for accountability, for the dangers of blind intolerance and hatred. Important to help break all of these cultures and grant Illos the opportunity to piece them together.

In the way Illos saw fit.

Dark Lords and rhetoric were cyclical in the magical world, not a century for the past fifteen hundred years was untouched by it and it was an ever more issue for the past five hundred where heritage and power and entitlement had grown rampant.

It was callous and even more so when they acted – assassination of opposing individuals, investigators, powerful Heads and so on… – to pave the way for the Raven to become akin to an avalanche down the slopes of the Himalayas when the time had been right.

"No…Minister Subasic would want to speak about our…commitments." Doyle added, drawing Atticus back into the present.

Atticus was silent for a few moments until he spoke again. "Assurances?" he merely asked and Doyle nodded slightly.

"It wasn't hard to see that the man was, very poorly, hiding his nerves. He quite heavily drew towards the sustained activity at their borders despite the warnings we have given to the Ravenites." Doyle paused for second, his gaze falling onto his whiskey, his hand slowly motioning the drink in a circular pattern, indicative of his long train of thought.

Atticus hummed as he looked past the man, his eyes going unseeing and his mind All-Seeing. His inner gaze fell towards Croatia and Slovenia and time and timelines flashed by, watching and filing away information and details in his mind-palace.

He drew himself out again and eyes latched onto Doyle's own. "Nothing much has changed. They don't intend to strike…not until they believe we won't defend them."

"…Will we?" Doyle asked tentatively, the thought troubling him very clearly. Not the thought of defending their allies, their very first ally in the case of Slovenia – and a people that spoke up for him before he was exiled from Magical Britain – but rather at the thought of what it would lead to.

Atticus smiled at the man before he looked away towards the window, his smile faltering as he caught the glancing glare of the sun hitting the rim of the metallic shell. The Orbs never did compare to the real thing…did they?

They'd moved Illos to over the Atlantic – and hadn't once reactivated the outer shell regardless of what season it was – once the Symbols were and peace was won with the ICW. Ever since then, there was a little bit more vibrancy in Illos…as if the year long daily touch of the sun was a nurturing balm onto their skin, onto their environment.

"We will." Atticus said, his voice quiet but his words spoken with authority.

He turned to Doyle. "It wouldn't do to for us to abandon our allies to whom we have commitments with. Especially those who were amongst the very first to pass the social reforms."

Croatia, and Slovenia, passed laws in 1959 that protected all sentient magicals under the law. An act that slowly but surely was followed by the magical world as the Grand Alliance's influence grew in strength.

An act in part that emboldened purists in Europe to ally with the Ravenites to do away with the more moderate elements of their societies that might have followed suit if given the opportunity.

Whilst they were in treaty with a large number of magical nations and communities, there were still many more that were not formally under treaty outside of general trade agreements. Slovenia and Croatia were amongst the second group of magical nations and communities.

But that didn't mean they didn't have 'unofficial' commitments outside of formalised treaty. Their word and their assurances were given that they would be protected against naked aggression by belligerents which made it as good as any treaty signed since it was known internationally.

Not that he regretted it.

Even if it had inconvenienced him at any point, even if he hadn't given commitments, he'd still have come to their aid had they asked. He hadn't forgotten their support for him when most of Europe had turned against him and his family.

Nor their support for Illos when most others were fine to take the wait and see approach.

Loyalty mattered.

"Tell him I will see him tomorrow." Atticus said before he drank of his wine, Doyle dutifully nodding and after he drank, Atticus looked at Doyle, his gaze carrying a glint of curiosity. "Out of curiosity…how ready do you believe we would be if we needed to absorb their populations?"

Doyle was surprised by the question and he began to frown "Croatia and Slovenia? I'd say…" Doyle trailed off, his mind making mental calculations.

Atticus thought they'd be able to absorb them whole now if they needed to. With even the slightest of issues. Celestis City had grown over the past decade and a half.

Eighty four thousand called it home, about half of them having being born and raised here and half of the rest brought in at a young age. The city was filling out and buildings had been added to give a feel in some districts as if you were walking in a polis in ancient Greece or Rome itself.

Others…others were still a little too bare, in his opinion anyway.

Whilst more families were electing to stay in the city, there were still sizeable families in the rural hilly regions by Mount Celestis, families that were starting outpace Clan families in numbers – though not in size.

So in his estimation, he thought they could easily house the twenty-five or so thousand Croats and Slovaks. "The infrastructure is of course there." Doyle said, a brief pause in his voice before he continued

"But I'd say that it's a lot of people to absorb in one go." Doyle said a little concerned. "We've never taken in that many in one go before, Your Majesty."

His preference not to do so was as obvious as his concern was.

"We haven't. And we won't." Atticus assured the man. Not for some time anyway.

Atticus stood up and Doyle followed. "It was more of a thought than it was inquiry." A thought that he'd entertained more than a few times but never wanted to. Their peoples, between the choice of the Raven's and that of Illos, would of course always choose Illos. From what he could see, their people would easily mingle with his own.

But the political ramifications of instead choosing to absorb them instead of defending would only have a cascading effect later on. Especially if Illos' word would prove to mean nothing.

Doyle left not long afterwards and he turned to towards the wide windows in his office, his gaze peering out towards a particular spot by the Lonis Forests.

He hated this day.

He'd hated this day for many many years.

With but a merest flicker of intent, a pin sized bulb formed just left of his face, a pin sized bulb that begun to grow and grow until it was half the size of a golf ball and began to flower, its rose white petals a brilliant hue of colour and his hand rose as the peduncle grew, his hand grabbing hold of it and bringing the flower to his nose.

There were many times he could have told her where she was…where their family was. With his grandmother dying so many years ago and his cousins from the Provydetsi distancing, not by desire but merely because of how different everything is, she could have used this then more than she needed it now.

But…

He also Seen that it wouldn't have led to reconciliation as it would do now.

When her youngest granddaughter, a granddaughter who looked and was much like her own sister, would go to Hogwarts at an age she herself was cast out…

She deserved happiness and resolution and this would lead to both. He was very glad she wouldn't take too long to forgive him for it.

Atticus let go from the stem of the flower, the flower falling down towards the ground but evaporating away before it could reach it. A blue-orange hued portal formed in front of him and he stepped through it and as he arrived on the other side by a cottage surrounded by an outcrop of forests and golden reeds and a stone throw's away from a small lake, he let off a small sigh before he began walking towards his destination.

He sent an annoyed feeling through his bond with Emily and he only got a sense of schadenfreide in return. "Coward" he muttered lowly to himself. He knew that she rather glad to avoid the scolding and look of betrayal he was sure to be subjected to.

The visit to Avalon was an excuse in his very unbiased opinion.

As he approached the door, he felt the wards feeling him out and then letting him pass once they recognised him and he walked through the door after he opened it.

He heard someone get up from the living room and a young face peered out into the hallway "Uncle?" Marie asked a little confused. Marie had come along for the Beltane Festival this year after missing out on the last five in favour of staying at school or with friends. "Do we need to be somewhere?"

Atticus smiled at the young adult, his head shaking.

"No. I've come to speak to mother."

Marie's eyes widened. "Oh. She's out back with Moira." Marie said and Atticus withheld a wince, enough to give Marie a small smile.

"Thanks." Atticus said though he tilted his head as he began to walk further into the head, stopping as he stood by the entrance of the living room, his eyes catching the paused holo screen of one game or another. He turned his eyes to Marie with a raised eyebrow "You could be in the city you know." Atticus merely said with mild amusement. Marie flushed a little.

"I'm almost finished with it." Marie said a little defensively. "I've finally passed the Cthulhu level and there is only two more to go." Atticus looked at her a little judgementally and her face reddened even further and he couldn't hold it any longer, his mouth parting and a deep laugh erupted from him before he walked away.

Though…he couldn't resist. He turned over his shoulder and saw her still looking in his direction and he mouthed off 'Nerd' and the reaction got from her was enough to increase his pace a little. She had Sophia's feistiness.

His expression fell away and a serious one took hold.

He saw his mother and Moira chatting away, a small tick of annoyance flashing across his face before he forced himself to remember why he was here. His mother's…love life was none of his business, he kept telling himself.

Even if it is with a quarter of a million year old advanced human that is also my ancestor.

"Atticus" His mother said with a hint of surprise in her voice. "I wasn't expecting you." Atticus' expression broke into a half smile.

"Do I need to inform you ahead of time when I want to visit my mother?" he said to her with a lopsided smile before he leaned down and kissed her on the cheek. Most of the time she alternated between Illos and MACUSA though she spent much more time in MACUSA than in Illos.

"No but your guards should be." His mother returned to him, her eyes squinting. "You did tell them, didn't you? You know they can get into a snit when you or Emily go missing." Atticus, despite himself, rolled his eyes slightly. Trust his mother to be more concerned about the hurt feelings of overbearing guards.

"They'll be fine." Atticus dismissed when he took a seat opposite his mother before he looked to Moira neutrally. "Moira."

Moira gave him a shadow of a smile as she inclined her head in greetings.

He returned his gaze to his mother, all levity fleeing his face. His mother immediately noticed and drew herself straighter, her eyes tinted with concern "Is everything alright?"

"Yes…but it won't be once I'm through explaining." Atticus said with a sigh. Atticus looked to Moira again and she understood, standing up within moments.

"I will give you two a moment." Moira said serenely before she walked back into the house, leaving Atticus and his mother alone.

"Mother…I have news." Atticus began tenderly, his voice as serious as he could get.

His mother looked at him in concern though that paled in comparison to the expression she bore when he said "It's about your sister."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

28th​ of April, 1971 – Hogwarts, Slytherin Common Room

Lucius Malfoy POV

The fire crackled softly as he sat by the fireplace, his fingers holding the corner of the page before he swept it across and read the next passage in the Charms book.

He looked up from his book with a fleeting glance when the doors to the Common Room opened and his acquaintances walked through.

He sighed inaudibly as he placed the bookmark in between the pages. He knew there was little chance they'd let him be. Carrow, Fenwick, Higgs, Rosier and Shafiq made their way towards him. All of them were walking a little gingerly with Fenwick clearly protecting his left arm. He felt a dark amusement at that.

"Carrow, Fenwick, Higgs, Rosier, Shafiq" Lucius said with a tilted head. He'd known them from a very early age having been tutored alongside them.

"Malfoy" Higgs grunted out as he sat down whilst Fenwick, Shafiq and Rosier offered a polite nod before he did. Amycus Carrow simply threw himself into the seat opposite Lucius like an uncouth savage as he was ought to do.

He knew that Carrow did it partially to annoy others but he'd also known the boy long enough to know that it was also an act to unbalance people.

There was a reason why Carrow was on the Hierarchy just as Lucius was even if he had trouble controlling the more…sudden impulses that came over him.

Lucius eyed Rosier with mild curiosity "How was duelling practice?"

"Gruelling." Rosier said with a grimace "Painful. Bulstrode's a slave driver."

Fenwick scoffed "That's offensive to slavers. They're kinder than he is." Fenwick said darkly before he winced and rotated his left arm slightly.

Manfred Bulstrode, a cousin to Lord Bulstrode was a two-time national duelling champion and a third-placed international duellist who taught the Duelling Class. He was also a former Slytherin and tended to, once in a while, tutor Slytherins after classes if he thought you were worth his time. Though most of that tutoring tended to be Bulstrode brutally taking apart one's duelling techniques and prowess.

"I don't care as long as I get good enough to take down that Bones chit." Shafiq said with a growl. Lucius withheld a smirk. He doubted that even if he had his final maturity and taught by the best teachers that he'd ever have an inkling of a chance to best Amelia Bones.

Only two people could and he was one of them he thought matter-of-factly.

The conversation then turned idle as they discussed the upcoming duelling competition in May, a competition that would lead them to qualify for the inter-school duelling competition that Illos would host next spring.

That, he was looking forward to. He might be hard pressed to defeat Bellatrix, at least on fair terms, but there was a little bit of luck involved in any competition.

He still expected to go through to the inter-school competition but to win that…

If he was lucky, Bellatrix would get eliminated by one of those freakish students at the Pandrosion who Bellatrix wouldn't know how to counter as well as he could.

The conversation turned towards the upcoming major event and it was then that Amycus Carrow got into a mood "My father still refused to budge on bringing me along." Amycus Carrow said with a scowl as he folded his arms across his chest.

"Despite the fact that I have been a model student for months now! I haven't even once cursed someone this whole time and I tell you there were plenty that would have deserved it" Carrow said with a dark look in his gaze, a look that Lucius had seen more than a few times on the boy's father in their youth. Of course Amycus paled in comparison to Alard Carrow but it was a reminder of the kind of stock the boy came from…if one needed a reminder at all.

Lucius calmly turned his gaze towards Shafiq who looked irritated "He's been like this all day, has he?"

"Yes." Shafiq bluntly said as he leaned back unbothered by the glare from Carrow "Even by his standards, he's been unbearable. Even a beating by Bulstrode hasn't shut him up."

Carrow glare turned scathing "You would be too if your father was invited but decided not to bring you along despite being free to do so." Shafiq's face turned cold as he met Carrow's heated gaze.

"Barely anyone from Hogwarts is going." Rosier pointed out as he intervened quick enough from the retort that they all knew was dancing Shafiq's tongue. "Even the Longbottom boy isn't going despite his father and grandfather easily being allowed to bring him along."

It seemed to be enough for Carrow as he turned his eyes towards Rosier. "True enough I suppose." Carrow said with a scowl before he turned his gaze towards Lucius. "It seems like the Blacks and Lucius will be the only ones to go to the event."

They all turned their gazes to him and the envious looks he was receiving was delicious despite how well they were trying to hide it. The Carrows and the other Houses loyal to their Queen were all invited though none of them possessed the honour his father held within the court of their King and Queen.

His father was amongst the most powerful men in the magical world, the highest ranked ambassador for the Kingdoms of Avalon and Illos, and as such, his House was far beyond their own no matter how much history they claim behind their names.

A point that was becoming weaker and weaker as competence and strength of magic was not proving be as nearly as reflective of familial history as they would prefer to believe. None of them despite their centuries older heritage could compare to him in terms of power and they all knew it too.

In any case, both Lucius and Lucia were raised with such prestige and power in mind by their father. From an early age, they had known of the duties of their House that would be on their shoulders and it was because of that, that he would rub shoulders at the Ball that would follow after the Beltane festivities with the most powerful and wealthy people in the entire magical world.

Carrow and many of the rest would only make a fool of themselves – and of the King and Queen – so naturally he was not surprised that none of them were going.

"You can watch the highlights of the Beltane festivities over the comms" Lucius drawled "It won't give you the…experience but I am sure that it'd be as if you were there yourself." Lucius said blithely, a feigned smile on his lips that would irk them.

The Beltane Festivities that would be shown would be that of the commoners, those rabble would rub shoulders with the other rabble. Not the Festivities that would be catered to the truly important people.

Carrow scowled, his eyes narrowing in annoyance but he kept his tongue before he looked away, his expression souring.

Rosier eyed him knowingly and spoke up next "I have no doubt about that" Rosier said, a hint of sarcasm creeping into his voice before he turned serious, his gaze pinning "Apparently this year even dignitaries from the Aryan League are meant to go to the Ball."

The way he said it, the unhidden curiosity within his words, made it clear that he wanted to know what Lucius wanted to know given that his father had orchestrated a treaty between the Kingdoms of Illos and Avalon and the Aryan League, a treaty that the Grand Alliance were rumoured to be likely to signed as well.

"Really?" Fenwick asked surprised. "Do they even celebrate Beltane?" he asked a little confused and Shafiq snorted.

"As if that even matters." Shafiq said a little derisively as he scornfully looked at Fenwick "It's a political event, not a religious one. At least mostly."

"Not that surprising really" Higgs murmured, drawing attention to himself.

"And why is that?" Lucius prodded lightly. Higgs shrugged.

"With the treaty and with the Ravenites pretty much on their doorsteps, it make sense they turn up and play nice." Higgs said and Carrow guffawed.

"Observant. I didn't think you had it in you!" Carrow exclaimed and Higgs sneered, the sound escaping his throat resembling a growl.

"Do you want to hurt?" Higgs asked darkly and Carrow flashed his arms up in a mock-innocent way.

"Peace, peace" Carrow said with a cheeky smile that didn't reach his eyes and it was enough for Higgs to back down with a grunt.

"I do read you know." Higgs said in a murmur and despite himself Lucius allowed a small smirk to form on his face. Higgs was pretty big for their age and he wasn't much of a talker, so much so that he got teased for having troll blood in his bloodline in their youth despite that not being the case. At least as far Lucius could tell. It was quite doubtless that some families had shameful…coupling with creatures.

Anyway…Higgins would get defensive when people mocked him either for his size or his intelligence – which was not completely insignificant – and even though he wasn't powerful, he was definitely one of the quickest at casting despite his large size.

"You'd think the treaty would be enough though. Why would they bother with Beltane?" Fenwick questioned with a frown adorned on his face "The Ravenites might be strong but Illos…" he trailed off though it was obvious what he meant.

"No one expected the Ravenites to conquer pretty much nearly all of Europe piecemeal by piecemeal so quickly." Rosier answered whilst tugging at the edges of his robes "It's pretty obvious that there will be conflict, sooner than later with the way the remaining Ministries in Europe are being protected by the Grand Alliance in one way or another." Rosier looked to Lucius with a knowing look on his face.

"Why forego forming closer bonds with those who you would need to protect you?" Rosier rhetorically posed to them and it was something that no one bothered to respond to. Not when it was what anyone with the slightest bit of intelligence knew that was exactly what you were meant to do.

The conversation after that had more or less petered out in importance and it was long after that he made his excuses and made his way towards the Library to return some of the books he'd finished though his mind was occupied with that of the Ravenites.

In truth, he held some sympathies for the cause of the Ravenites. Purebloods were the master race no matter how much was blathered on about equality.

His father believed so too but if Malfoys were anything, they were pragmatic. The way things were in Avalon with the countless fingers of the King and Queen touching every corner of the realm, it was a kind of sympathy that was best kept to himself. Not when he'd seen plenty of his father's memory vials in their Pensieve that he'd collected over the decades about their power.

The sheer power they had…

Lucius fought to keep the shudder down.

It was inhuman really. He could scarcely believe such pinnacle of power and he could understand why they rose to where they were. And why there would be nothing capable of dislodging them. Not even Dark Lords like the Raven and Cullaica.

House Slytherin-Sayre had his family's loyalty for as long as those two lived.

For better or worse.

Plus…it wasn't as if things were all that bad.

From what his father told him about his youth, their traditions and culture had been on the decline and in the years since the monarchs had come to power had come to power, nearly all muggle influence were removed from their world. Science never belonged to the muggles any more than the very air did so he didn't consider the writings from their kind as influence.

He returned the books and before he left, he caught her walking towards him with a bunch of books pressed between her arm and her chest. His expression softened from the blank expression that he was known for when she stopped in front of him, her books vanishing into her bag with a twirl of her wand.

"Narcissa" Lucius' voice was soft as velvet when he spoke her name and stared into her gray blue eyes. She was beautiful, a spark of divinity amongst a sea of painful dullness.

The streaks of white and black hair that hugged her beautiful face, a face without a single imperfection, a face that bore a soft aquiline nose and a delicate jawline that he wanted trace gently with the back of his finger. She was perfection made form.

She had given him leave to call her by her first name last year when he'd gotten to her know a little better outside of social functions or in the common room. A favour that he never sought to reduce in any capacity.

"May I walk you back?" Lucius offered as he extended out his arm and after a few moments, she nodded slightly before she wrapped her arm around his own.

They walked in silence for a few minutes and he wondered if she was content as he was by simply being in the other's presence. Less wondering and more hoping, he thought to himself as he glanced at her before refocusing on the path before them.

His father had not…disapproved of his intentions to pursue a match with the Black daughter. Her pedigree was outstanding and they were more than three generations removed from kinship.

Of course, it helped that House Black had made a resurgence in influence over the past decade. Orion Black's heavy investments in Avalon-native Magi-tech companies that were now sold worldwide and the ruthless calling-in of debts amongst the nobility that were exchanged for following House Black politically, were all key in all of this resurgence.

Cygnus Black, Narcissa's father, had been just as critical in rebuilding House Black as Orion had been…perhaps even more so. All of that, along with their unwavering support of the Queen, had seen them become almost as influential as they been at the turn of the century.

So marrying a Black was as good as he could achieve, at least with the present matches possible. And of course, the fact that he was already…fond of her helped, not that it would have mattered to father.

She was also quite fortunately going the Beltane Festival on Illos. Unfortunately, so were her eldest sisters who had been irritatingly a barrier to him fostering a closer…understanding with Narcissa. Though…now after Andromeda graduated, it was only one of them. The one that he truly disliked…despised even. Bellatrix.

The current leader of the Hierarchy – the hierarchy that ruled Slytherin, and Hogwarts, as tradition dictated – and an utter nutcase of a bitch to deal with.

She'd opposed his induction into the Hierarchy and if she'd been the leader then, he knew that she would have succeeding in preventing him from rising up.

This kind of…vendetta she seemed to have against him had also filtered through to his attempts with Narcissa and he had to work cleverly to engineer more than a few occasions to get Narcissa alone.

Fortunately, the nutcase would graduate this year and no longer darken the halls of Hogwarts. He looked forward to it…not only would he ascend to the leadership next year, he would also finally be able to win her over by his own merits instead of relying on the betrothal contract that his father would begin talks with Lord Black by Yule of this year.

"Are you looking forward to the Ball?" Lucius asked with a smooth tone. Narcissa glanced at him and offered him a small smile.

"I am." She said before she paused to flick an errant lock of her hair behind her ear "My family has been talking about it for weeks now. Even my sisters are excited to go." She said with a soft smile.

Lucius wanted to scoff. Bellatrix…excited to go a Ball?

Narcissa saw his expression and smiled beautifully even though the edges of her lips only slightly ticked up. It was quite obvious she knew very well about the…discourse between him and Bellatrix.

"She'll behave." Narcissa and Lucius raised one of his white blond eyebrows in response and Narcissa's amusement at his disbelief.

"She idolises the Queen." Narcissa said before she continued "Mother raised us on stories about the Queen and her rise to the top by right of blood and power." Narcissa's smile deepened and he thought it wonderful.

"Of course, she did sour somewhat on mother's stories when Andromeda pointed out it was almost alike to a witches' story."

Lucius tilted his head in mild confusion and Narcissa bit back a laugh and she explained "Orphaned girl of seemingly little importance is told she's magical and goes to a magical castle where she meets others like her. She is then marginalised because of her…" Narcissa trailed off before delicately saying "common status."

Lucius quirked his lips up in amusement. Slurs like mudblood were not to be tolerated in polite society and it was thought only the uncultured would use such improper language. Rabble was more appropriate.

"But she wins the support of her House by her merits alone despite the challenges she faces. She is hailed a prodigy not seen in centuries with only one other as their equal, the Prince of Magical Britain." Lucius could see that the tale was something that Narcissa quite obviously enamoured with this fairy tale-esque story.

"She doesn't think much of him at first and he not of her but slowly, over time, things begin to change as they became friends. She, an orphaned girl with seemingly common status and he, a dashing Prince with immense wealth, found common ground in their love for magic.

"She then learns of her true heritage as the heir of Slytherin, of her Hogwarts House no less, and begins her rise secure in knowing who she really is. Her Prince defeats the evil Grindelwald who plotted to destroy our world and she uncovers the dastardly" Narcissa's eyes sparkled playfully and Lucius chuckled softly as they descended down the stairs "plans of the Dark Lord Dumbledore who hid in plain sight causing him to flee in the dark of night, his reputation and plans scuppered. She and her Prince stand triumphantly with the cheering crowd."

"The story doesn't end there of course but you know the ending." Narcissa said with a knowing smirk. One he reciprocated. Of course he did. His father was there along the way for nearly everything. Even for the very creation of Illos itself.

"I understand" Lucius said with amusement "Bellatrix must have been wroth with Andromeda." Reducing a tale of triumph into such a…common sappy story would have triggered the unbalanced witch.

Narcissa laughed before a fond look took hold of her "Andromeda had handled her well." Narcissa lightly shook her head "It's a good thing Andromeda is more than capable of matching her."

"How is your eldest sister?" Lucius asked after a moment. Narcissa smiled.

"She's doing well. She looks like she might graduate a year early from her Law apprenticeship." Lucius was a little impressed by that. Law Masteries were no easy feat and it took five years to be qualified as law-wizard – or in Andromeda's case law-witch.

They arrived at the Slytherin Common room door and Narcissa unfurled her arm from his own, their gazes meeting. "If I may so boldly ask…will you save a dance at the Ball?" Lucius asked, his voice as smooth as he could manage.

Narcissa's smile was warm and he could warmness spread throughout every pore of his body "I will…Lucius." She said with a slight bow of the head, her fringe almost covering her eyes and he smiled genuinely at her.

"Shadows." Narcissa said and the door to the Common Room opened.

"Good night." Lucius said and she returned it before she walked into the Slytherin common room. He stayed a few minutes behind, not only to treasure the slight victory he gained but also to dissuade any rumours and soon enough, his face returned to a blank slate. "Shadows." He said and he walked into the room.

Days Later…

Lucius walked through the Gate and within less than a fraction of a moment, he arrived at Belva Hallos Port Terminal. The port was busy, busier than the times he'd been before, and he could see that the different kinds of people that were arriving not only through their appearance but through the way they walked.

That thought fell by the wayside however when Lucius felt magic crawling up his skin, the warm welcome the magic oozed dripping through his flesh and he could feel himself more at ease, more calm and even energised the longer he was in the environment.

It was a feeling that always felt unwelcome despite its intent. It was too personal, invasive. Hogwarts was similar though it was lesser and less…direct.

He turned towards the side and saw his father speaking with the guards before he came back towards him. "Come, Lucius. Our skymobile is waiting for us."

They made it to their black skymobile, the guards nodding to his father as they opened the door to the skymobile and he followed his father into the flying vehicle.

Soon enough, they were in the air and on their way towards the gleaming capital that stood looming in the distance. Lucius looked out of the window as the skymobile moved quickly through the air.

He'd been to Illos a number of times – they owned land and a Manor north from the Lonis Forests – though he couldn't really say he enjoyed it all that much.

Even if he appreciated the…architecture, he thought as his gaze watched the growing details of the jewel that was a city.

Illos and its people were…peculiar. There were perhaps more choice words he could use but it would be uncouth. These people who had the entire world at their mercy if they so desired, were driven by other things, non-material things that ruled the rest of the magical world for centuries.

Galleons meant little to them and social status even less. At least social status in the conventional way. They placed more value on what one achieved than they did any material thing they had or accumulated. Wealth through business paled in comparison to creating a masterful product or a theorem that answered questions, universal or magical.

In a way…he did respect it, he thought as he glanced at his father who was looking down at a holo-tablet. All of his life, he'd been exposed to the power and influence his father wielded, power and influence that no Malfoy before him had and could only dare to dream to obtain. Lucius Malfoy was Abraxas Malfoy's son.

All that he had, came from his father. All that he was known for was being his father's son. He looked back towards the gleaming city. Perhaps that was why he didn't enjoy Illos all that much, he mused silently and secretively to himself.

In time though…

In time, they would know him for his own merits. That…that was a promise.

It was less than ten minutes later when they landed and were escorted through the pearly gates to their temporary residence by the Main Tower and Lucius glanced around. This part of the city, districts by the Main Tower, was more built up than the rest of the city.

Was this what the rest of the city…what the rest of Illos was going to look decades from now? Immigration to Illos was still very restricted from what he knew.

They were picky, very picky and he'd heard enough from a number of scions from lesser families complaining how hard it was to buy a property in Illos, let alone getting citizenship. His family, along with those early founders of Ouroboros were dual nationals of Avalon and Illos so they didn't have that issue but he also knew that this was because they were being rewarded for their loyalty.

Though as picky as they were, he wondered if it'd remain as restricted as it was now. If Illos opened the floodgates so to speak, he was fairly thousands would move from Avalon and even Ireland within a heartbeat. Everything here was just…so much grander and even Aziza or Ame-No-Ukihashi were not even close. At least not yet.

They entered a luxurious looking building, one paved with pristine marble from top to bottom. Lucia would have liked this place, he thought dryly to himself.

Father wanted her to remain at Beauxbatons to participate in the local Beltane festivities that would be held at her school. Lucia was disappointed but she understood the importance that father placed on her shoulders.

No Malfoy had been to Beauxbatons for many generations and after his father's ascent in international politics, he'd decided it was time to take away as much power from the remnants of the ignoble stain of exile their family had suffered from. Lucia had done her part well, having befriending a number of powerful French heiresses though he wasn't happy with Lucia's continued friendship with some half Veela chit.

"I expect much from you Lucius." His father said after they got settled into their suite, a glass of wine in his hand, his gaze stern. "You know what to do."

Lucius bowed his head. "Yes father. I do." He was to familiarise himself with the people and the families that would be coming. To listen. Speak when spoken to but never more than a few words a sentence.

The Beltane Festivities and the Ball a few days later were not events. They were political chess matches and Lucius was not to play, only to watch and learn.

His father looked at him for a long few seconds before his expression softened slightly "Good." He said with a slight, barely unnoticeable tender tone. "I know you will do well, my son." He placed a hand on his shoulder "This will only be the start of your rise and just as I rose above my own father…you will rise above me"

Lucius met his father's gaze as he spoke firmly and only trusted himself to nod which garnered a faint smile from his father before he lost it and a cool expression took hold. "Get ready. We leave in two hours."

Hours Later…

Lucius' gaze sweeping across the horizon. The light of the sun had long been snuffed out though one would never know. Bright orbs, countless numbers of them in countless variety of colour, floated in the air and it was almost as if the very stars descended down on this very night.

And below those floating stars, there were thousands, tens of thousands, in that field, the noise even this high up on the secluded hill top. He had never seen so many people in one single place before. But it didn't surprise him. Not truly.

The Beltane Festival was one of the oldest and most common festival within the magical community with records claiming it was started as far back as Ancient Egypt some five thousand years ago by Egyptian Mage Priests.

Nearly all magical communities held variations of Beltane, the ritual of renewal and rebirth, with Samhain hold equally similar variations.

And with the Illosian Beltane festival rising to fame across the Magical World over the course of a decade, a festival that was a blend of the Old ways and the New, it had soon enough become the festival to be at no matter where you were from.

Much like anything else Illos, Lucius silently mused to himself.

Lucius tore his gaze away from the site before him and looked upon the crowd of people that hovered around the King and Queen. This was the first time in years that he'd seen them though he never spoken to them before.

In truth…he wasn't sure if he wanted to. Those memories he'd seen years ago were seared in his mind and no polite smiles like the smiles they wore now could make him forget that they were only human in appearance.

The fact that they looked no older than twenty five despite in their forties like his father was only cemented this in his mind. Magicals could live up to a quarter of millennium and the more powerful even more than that but he didn't think it was normal to still look so young.

He moved away from the edge and looked for his father, his gaze sweeping across all the time, his eyes putting names to faces from the pictures and descriptions he'd seen. He saw Dembe Habe, the famous Benin Archmage conversing with Credence Aurilius and the Flamels.

He turned his gaze in another direction and saw the Persian leader, Sina, conversing with the Ottoman Ambassador Cihan Aslan, the Indian Minister Singh and the Brazilian Minister Perreira. Despite it being Beltane, it seemed like the rest of the dignitaries, leaders and their families had the same thought as he did.

Subdued colourings like the warmer shade of blue his formal dress was were worn. He did see a few crowns of flowers though they were mostly on young girls.

All he looked, he saw clusters of powerful people talking, the King and Queen moving around from conversation to conversation with seemingly effortless ease. He participated in a few conversations, though he was mostly interested in something else at present.

His eyes swept across looking for a particular person and he found her amongst her sisters. All the sisters, including Bellatrix unfortunately, looked beautiful in their spring dresses but Narcissa was a Queen amongst them. Like she always was.

He caught her look and he smiled faintly, his head bowed slightly and he could see her face alight though in a subtle manner once she saw him. Bellatrix's scowl was only the icing of a cake.

Hours went by and he'd forgotten more names than he cared to remember as he participated in a few idle conversations by his father's side and alone though most of it fell away when the magic of Beltane grew stronger and stronger.

It was intoxicating. Illos already was a haven of converging magic and now…it was overwhelming. He wasn't the only one affected, he thought amusedly, his pupils dilated. He could see more than a few dignitaries sitting down with their eyes closed.

The magic was soothing, embracing and on the precipice.

"May I have this dance Heir Malfoy?" he heard the familiar voice, the voice of his greatest desires and he turned around and saw her stand in front of him, her arms behind that pretty spring dress.

Her cheeks were slightly flushed and he could see her pupils dilated as she stared at him expectantly. He bowed before her, his head dipping. "Of course, Lady Black" he said as he, with a gentle flourish, extended his hand to her.

She kept up eye contact even when her dainty hand, as fluidic as whip of water, moved to placed itself into his hand. He stood back up and slowly, smoothly moved his other hand on her waist, the gentle music that filled the night drowning out everything else out until…as he brought her closely and they began to dance, even that music fell away.

"I thought we were to dance at the Ball." Lucius commented idly as they danced slowly, the floor more or less only occupied with a scattered number of people dancing to the lively but slow music.

"We will be." Narcissa said with lightness in her voice. "You will ask me to dance then." She said in a prim voice and Lucius chuckled softly, the corners of his mouth threatened to blossom into a smile.

"How Slytherin of you." Lucius said fondly and Narcissa looked with herself. A few moments passed, the music increasing in tempo and they matched their dance to suit it. Lucius tore away his gaze from her face and looked around. He could see his father with the Blacks – Orion Black was certainly looking this way – conversing with the King and Queen though he didn't see her sisters.

"Your sisters…" Lucius trailed off before he looked down and met her gaze again. "Have they left?" Narcissa shook her head.

"No." Narcissa gained a glint in her eyes "Andromeda is speaking with Bellatrix"

So it seemed like Bellatrix did not want her to come to him. He'd send Andromeda a gift at some point, he thought to himself.

Lucius' lips twitched. "I see." He said lightly before he stepped back and took her right hand and twirled her around before drawing her closer to him. His breathing was a little heavier and he could feel the unheard beat, the rhythm beyond the music that was ensnaring his magic, all of their magic, the beat that rose and rose ever so steadily that his heart was beginning to magic.

"And your parents? Do they approve?" Lucius asked, his voice low and tender as he drew her even closer, so much so their faces were only a few inches from the other's.

Her flushed cheeks reddened "They approve" she murmured, her head dipping as she looked to their feet. That they approve…

Lucius allowed a soft smile to blossom on his face, uncaring how it appeared to anyone else. It seemed like miscalculated. He did not need next year to win her over. He placed a finger under her chin and gently raised it up. She looked nervous. She had no reason to be. "I am glad. My father approves too."

He saw happiness in her eyes and he wanted to capture it, he wanted to frame it permanently in her eyes, in her very being. She deserved no less than this state of bliss. They fell into an enchantment, the beat deepening, his magic singing, their bodies moving as if they were attached to strings guiding them through motions and steps and twists.

The world fell away and in the end, there were only two.

And he wouldn't want it any other way.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 83 others
mosefboombox117
May 21, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 20 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
May 30, 2023
Add bookmark
#328
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 20


2nd​ of May, 1971 – Temple of Celestis, Beltane Ball

He stared at the great sculpture that stood before him, enjoying the brief silence that came from being alone in this part of the temple after extricating himself from the Ball. The sculpture was in honour of Lady Magic in the form of Gaia, the mother Earth…the mother of all.

This part of the temple, this floor, was largely devoted to magic and its role in nature, the symbiotic relationship that existed between them that fostered a greater synergy that was unrivalled in all of existence.

It felt…apt, to find reprieve here.

And in that reprieve, he allowed himself to consider Beltane and contemplated the symbolism of what the Ball truly meant, was meant to mean, and the far-reaching links that would stem from it, links that were akin to rebar in concrete foundation.

Beltane, as much as Samhain did, espoused the essence of Gaia in its rituals and its celebrations, though on a brighter and happier note. Renewal and rebirth, an awakening that would bloom into fertility and strength.

An awakening that he and Emily were replicating in their own little way that would yield the greatest of harvests, he thought to himself with silent solemnity, his eyes set on the sculpture before him as he took in every last little detail of the Mother.

The female sculpture was elegance and dignity personified. A circlet of tweed woven on a head with a face that bore perfect symmetry, perfect feminine softness and yet never frail looking.

A great scale hung from her right hand, a hand that bore fingers encrusted with dried earth, and one end of the scale had a blooming tree and a tri-horned giraffe eating its leaves whilst on the other end there was a nundu feasting on the carcass of a gazelle with a sapling shown by the side of the carcass.

The great protector and the great destroyer, the balance that existed in nature that cared for them all and loved them all but nevertheless maintained the order of life to ensure it is flourishing. A collection of ideas that ran deep in many cultures of man.

Muggle or magical.

It was a beautiful symmetry that defined death and life as it ought to be, of rebirth and renewal, uninfected by the corruptive and hungering reach of them, he thought grimly before he returned his mind towards his earlier contemplation, his gaze refocusing on the sculpture.

And, as he stared at the sculpture, knowing that it was the beginning of the end of their future on Earth, their plans towards the Celestis system moving apace, he couldn't help but contemplate silently how much humanity's need for answers – and that it entailed – and inability to simply accept as things as they were would prove to be the final spark that would see him and Emily steal the magical world away.

Humanity's insatiable drive would see it split into two.

A few moments passed as he fell into a kind of reverie, his eyes looking up at the symbolic sculpture. Humanity…humanity had always looked for answers.

Answers that seemed impossible to answer but were answered anyway for unanswered questions were almost as if it were heretical, unimaginably so.

Even those uncountable distant pinpricks of light that shone in seas of blackness, lights that were always there without fail at night even if the clouds had decided to hide them away for a period of time. Humanity had come to know them as permanent, as fixed in their lives as the hunger they would feel if they had not eaten.

No matter how far they walked. No matter how much they aged and their parents died. No matter how old the songs were. The pinpricks of light were always there.

Why...?

They began to wonder.

Stories were crafted, imagination made to run wild…

Must be the seat of Gods, they began to believe.

For all things died, they had observed but not these lights. Like the sun and the moon, these were permanent. Like the sun and moon, for whom stories and songs were written for by ancestors of yesteryears and given purpose, surely there was a reason for them being so permanent, for being unchanging even if they moved sometimes.

And so, humanity made their own answers, their own reality of how things worked and why things worked as they did. Always shifting and changing, moving forward.

For unanswerable answers could not exist, were not permitted to exist for humanity…humanity must always have its answers. Even after humanity settled in fertile lands that seemed scarcely believable, even more so when humanity learned to change the world to suit their needs but had begun to offer new questions it needed answers for, new considerations that needed explanation.

Fortune and tragedy that seemed to be random, that seemed to be unknowable and without answers were made to have answers and so fortune and tragedy were made to be of the whims of gods and terrible consequences due to actions committed by their leaders who must have displeased their Gods so. Why else…

Rituals and sacrifice and prayers for forgiveness were given and when the tragedy, disease or famine or war, had passed, the depth of answers they had grew.

Of course your farm did poor this harvest. You did not sacrifice enough goats…

Of course we needed to replace the King…he was not favoured by the Gods!

Humanity must always have its answers.

Answers and tales grew in depth as time moved forward, heroic and tragic stories of men were forged around the fires of hearths and homes and temples to showcase folly, bravery or other such virtues capturing the soul and hearts of man exemplifying the conquering of the impossible because man always found the answer it needed. That it wanted.

Humanity must always have its answers.

Time moved forward and humanity moved forward, entire systems of beliefs and reasons of existence created for there must always be answers, there must always be something to reach and understand. Why, why, why…

It was in their nature to reach up and build towards greater understanding, towards the very seats of the Gods. Priests, holy men and leaders had tried to suppress this aspect of their make-up, denying and decrying this need that made up the core of their existence as blasphemous but they never succeeded despite their efforts.

Humanity must always have its answers.

Even if they were told they were not to seek it. Even if they agreed it was wrong.

After all, he mused to himself…

Had they not likened the Gods in the image of man?

And the Gods knew everything, could see everything.

Didn't that mean humanity must also know everything, must also see everything?

This ancestral desire of man, this need to have all the answers was what made their family great yet it also made them terrible for man's obsessive need to have answers had its own darkness.

For what would be wrought when answers were given that were not liked, if not hated? That cast doubt about their own self worth and provided a target for their ills, perceived and actual, one that threatened their worldview, an ordered worldview, where they were the masters of the Earth, God's favourite and most powerful?

History had plenty examples of such disliked answers, such breaches of worldviews.

Humanity must have its answers…and once it received answers that it could not bear, answers were made to change to fit in their ordered worldview like humanity had always done time and again…

He and Emily were no different from the rest of humanity. They had answers, some answers and they could not bear it, would not bear it and would do all they could to change the worldview as much as they could…no matter the pain caused or cost.

And in the instance of Exposure…they knew the muggles wouldn't be able to bear it either. And…and that meant only one thing.

Would always mean the same thing.

Paranoia and fear, backed by trickles of truth, would work together to find an answer, to a solution to magic when the magical world refused to bend the knee to their demands fueled by paranoia and fear about magicals, beings who did not fit in the reality they thought they knew.

They would not succeed.

But instead of outcompeting the muggles for dominance and supremacy, they would simply leave.

And humanity, he thought as he stared at the sculpture, would be split into two, this time greater and more absolute than ever before, free to grow in their own ways.

Until they met again in the distant future. He could not see that far, not yet, but he could sense it in his bones that humanity one day would meet again.

Perhaps by chance, likely by necessity.

The Covenant were but a stone's throw away from Earth's region of space and the regions around Celestis were not well mapped at all. Both civilisations of humanity would one day meet other civilisations and space was not a place of peace.

It was a dark forest with predators both large and small.

His eyes shifted towards the balanced scale. Chances were, they would need each other. As different as they were, the other was more alien…nonhuman.

In truth, he didn't think they would need the muggles' assistance if his people met other alien civilisations, no, he doubted that very much. After all, the summation of magic and technology equalled to a thousand on a scale of one to a hundred.

Even the Covenant with its reported thousands of worlds did not greatly concern him. Especially not if the greatest threat, these Sangheili, were as prone to magic as the muggles were as his mother found out.

But he did believe he needed the muggles' help – and their numbers – for when they came. His expression darkened. When they would come for them all.

Atticus sighed and just like that, his mind went back into rare idleness, his attentions focused on the sculpture for a good few minutes. It didn't last nearly long enough.

He could sense her coming and he decided to get on with it. Little had changed over the past few years when it came to the likeliest timeline that would come to pass.

The matter of knowing the timeline along with his Seers at the Office of Far-Sight who peered into the lens of Living Time was enough to, at times, to slightly pull and push possibilities.

And now with the Ball nearing its end, he wanted, needed to see if it was still as monumental as he had foreseen.

With a silent sigh, reality around him began to fade away almost akin to a man on his deathbed falling into blissful and final sleep, a final breath equal to a final fall.

Colours grew in might and glory, their hues made physical as they formed into cloudy mists that hummed in sync with him. Time dissociated itself from him and the world around him whilst a fraction of its possibilities flooded into his perception.

Immediate futures of greatest likelihood poured into him, his consciousness exploring and reading threads of timelines with the kind of gentleness and fervour as that of a devout priest reading ancient text of long lost scripture.

Years flew by like how pages flew by for those engrossed and captured by the writings of those who crafted worlds in ink though for him, he lived those years.

He felt the burgeoning nature magic of Celestis, he could smell the perfume of the wife of the Irish Minister of Magic in eighteen months, he could feel Emily's soft lips on his neck and the warm caress of the sun's rays on his skin three years from now just as easily as if it was happening in the present and he could feel the anger and guilt he would feel in six years' time.

Ten, thirty, fifty years passed, were lived as he pulled along the axis of Time.

He Saw and he Felt as if he was seeing and feeling in the now, future and present were only concepts in this state of his, concepts that the others felt and knew were nothing but akin to unproven theorems made to make sense of the universe.

Like flowing roots deep below the depths of earth, he was tapped into the interconnectivity of Living Time, choices and events and life itself echoed into the past, the present and the future at all once, looping and ending and starting again without ever being able to tell what was a True Start and what was a True End.

Like energy, nothing about time or consciousness could be destroyed.

Only transformed.

Renewal and Rebirth.

And transformation…

Transformation was sought in this Ball, a rebirth of interests into interests that were in alignment of that of Illos' own. Like crabs moulting as they outgrew their carapace, little by little the magical world was transforming even as the dark cloud over Europe threatened to subsume the rest of the world because of the Raven's pain.

Growing and changing, old and seemingly immovable pillars of society were no more immune to the tides of change and growth and progress as a spec of sand was to the gentle but encroaching tide.

This was a changing world, he Saw and he Felt.

A world sparked into rebirth and renewal.

A spark that he could Sense beginning to alter the path, the story that written within the membrane of consciousness that guided infinite choices towards an unchanging end goal, a path that reaching hands and cold consciousness had always planned.

It was a change that he could feel within the structures of Living Time itself, a change that saw the slightest, near infinitesimally small vibration on the surface of Time whose surface was unchanging since Time Immemorial even as below its surface, life and power raged and thrashed against the sweeping cycles that yet washed over them easily and snuffing the fight out of them before absorbing it all into itself along the sounds of marching drums of inevitability, never once affecting the still surface.

Yet, the spark, his and Emily's spark, was like a stone, a boulder thrown in the face of this faceless and infinite surface, the hopeful first of many, and he Saw and Felt and Sensed the beginnings of a ripple growing, a hopeful beginning of the end of the sweeping cycle that turned this universe unending in perpetuity, fixed in cruel cycles.

A ripple he feared and rejoiced at, a ripple that needed them to stay the course and a ripple that forewarned those Shapeless Ones who lie in the dark and waited for Life to grow ripe and tested before consuming it whole, no matter what form they took, satiating and enriching themselves before starting over again and again and again…

Now that the gears were moving, gears built over millions of years by those who once were more than simple echoes within the Domain and later pieced together by Ancient Humanity, it was only a matter of time before a confrontation was to happen.

The shards of uncountable beings – tiny fractional nuggets of experiences of those that had the fortune of escaping the abominable endless torture – of civilisations that had fallen to them made that clear through the few times he'd reached out into the Domain over the past few years, a consequence had them feverishly working on solidifying the foundations of a singular magical world before the journey through the stars was made.

He pulled himself out of the depths of Time, his gaze swimming in a misty explosion of magic and echoes made of filaments of Time before it settled away, his eyes and his mind clearing and like a saviour, Lady Magic stood central in his sight.

He let the heavy thoughts of distant terrible confrontations and near impossible missions eke out from him, the magic that coursed through Illos profoundly assisting in settling his nerve, magic that bore the remnants of Beltane still in its essence.

He let of a breathless sigh, grateful for the lift that Illos had given him and a small wistful smile struck away at a face had been wracked with an expression of gloom.

It was easy to be stuck in the Truths of the Universe once you were at the fringes of understanding it and end up consumed by it. Even Emily, in their explorations of consciousness and the nature of existence in this universe, was afraid by it all.

He stared at the sculpture of Lady Magic that was in the form of Gaia before looking past Her.

But…they had magic.

And…and they had each other.

Perhaps that would be answer enough…

"Perenelle." Atticus greeted quietly, his gaze still fixed on the sculpture before him, the soft paddling sounds of her steps coming to a half when she stood by his side.

"Taking a breather?" she questioned lightly, her voice akin to the sounds of chimes carried through the air by the soft breeze of evening autumn.

It was refreshing.

Atticus allowed a small smile to form on his face, his gaze still on the sculpture.

"You could say that."

He finally broke his gaze away and glanced at her for a half a second before returning in to the sculpture. "There is only so much politicking I can endure in a day."

That at least was true.

It was like a little United Nations in the main hall of the Temple with more dignitaries arriving after Beltane. There were even dignitaries from ICW Protectorates who he knew were pressured into seeking out an invitation so that the ICW were at least kept abreast of what was going on…who was here.

Conversation was never idle with any of them…save those few conversations he had with Credence or other non-political people who he'd ensured were invited.

Invitations to visit their communities, comments about investments or trade agreements or vague hints towards 'doing something' about this or that – more than a few times referencing the Raven and his cabal – could only be endured so much after a little while even if it was the reason for having the Ball in the first place.

An informal place where power mixed and where agendas could be furthered, Illos' own agenda towering over all of theirs. Wealth and influence mixed, deals and marriages were made by families half a world away from each other when interests were found to be aligned, at least in the short term with scope for it to be longer term.

Much of it being hardly clean but nevertheless it was necessary to facilitate it if only for the knock on effect it had, a knock on effect that would persist and grow for decades to come changing the fabric of the magical world even more than it was changing now and the truth was…

With how interconnected the magical world was, more than had ever been and yet only a fraction of what it will be later, there was very little that he or Emily would have to do beyond staying the course and facilitating people to meet.

Both common and powerful alike.

They had done most of the work already – bar the final hammer that would be brought down on the Raven and his followers – and Magicom did the rest.

Under the slight influence of Alice.

Magicom made communication across the magical world seem as easy as sticking your head in the floo generations ago with less than a fraction of the cost incurred and more comfortable too. Friends and societies were linked with ease and flow of information and interests was made easy.

Where the 'West' in his old world were bound by history, ideals, economic ties and ethnicity, here…magic was the great commonality that transcended it all.

Where communication may have opened the flow of information, trips across the magical world made easier by Gates allowed people to experience the magical communities around the world with at most requiring one trip through the Floo before making it to a Gate since the Gate network had at least one Gate on every continent.

Schools had international competitions where students could experience cultures, ideas about magic and other students frequently – in some instances yearly – increasing tolerance and acceptance of others gradually as time went by.

Nobles and wealthy families saw that there was little difference between other noble and wealthy families and connected their family lines – and in time would notice stronger scions from those unions, unions that had not happened since the times of antiquities or perhaps even since the days of Atlantis, causing other families to follow suit – and would come to have sympathies in the 'Pan-Magi' move that was set to grow.

Still, as much as every small detail that happened in that hall served a greater purpose, he didn't feel guilty at all to at least have a few moments to himself. He could lean on Emily to grab their attentions at least for a little while.

Perenelle's laugh was tickling, drawing him back in.

"I can understand. Poor Nicky even more so."

Perenelle's laugh died off and he sensed the frown that made its way on her face, a frown he could feel emanate from her magic despite how subdued and under controlled her magic was. There was little he could not sense if he wished to.

"He might start cursing in a hundred different languages soon if his buttons get pushed a few too many times." Perenelle peered at him, a coy smile on her face.

"He might curse you too for inviting him."

Atticus smile was wry "He does that every other day anyway"

When the situation with the ICW had come to an end, Atticus had been more free to be involved with SIMS and with the Flamels as a whole.

It made the school even better than it was after he'd worked with the Irish Ministry to institute SIMS as Ireland's foremost secondary and tertiary school.

It also meant that SIMS was much much larger now, almost equal to the Pandrosion in enrolled secondary school students with Nicolas serving as the Headmaster practically full time.

Nicolas often decried having so much responsibility and blamed Atticus for 'forcing' him into becoming a glorified childminder but his complaints were little more than stale air.

He could resign if he wanted to but anyone who knew him at least somewhat knew that he did enjoy being Headmaster, particularly when it came to being part of the research that was being conducted by those in tertiary education or conducting research.

Above many other things, Nicolas was a man of science and magic and SIMS was almost perfect for him…the only downer he truly had was that Perenelle had resigned from a teaching position at SIMS instead electing to take an ambassadorial position between Illos and Ireland – the real reason was to be part of her many times great-grandchildren who had children of their own now – which meant they weren't in each other's company as much as before.

Atticus had little sympathy for the man in that regard.

Perenelle and Nicolas saw each other practically every day still, something that was far too much of a luxury for him and Emily.

Perenelle's coy smile bloomed into a fond one. "That's true" she acknowledged "It's from a place of care really" she said a little airily and Atticus for the first time in the evening laughed as he raised one of his eyebrows in amusement.

Perenelle good-naturedly rolled her eyes. "A very, very deep place" she said wryly, both of them smiling at each other. Both he and Nicolas did still consider each other friends but it was a little distant friendship in truth.

A lot of his and Emily's actions did disturb him – doubtlessly horrified if Nicolas truly knew the scope of their crimes – even if he saw the logic behind it and the reasons they had for it.

Both Flamels knew of his goals to take the magical world off to Celestis and as the muggle world grew ever more dangerous, especially after how dangerous the Cuban Missile Crisis had been, most of Nicolas' resistance had fallen away even if he disagreed the way he and Emily went about 'fostering' relationships with the weaker magical communities and the subsuming of Avalon into their control.

Not to mention his disapproval of letting 'The Raven problem' go on as it was at present. Even if it didn't serve their purpose, he would have been reticent to help dig out the nobility of Europe out of the hole they would soon find themselves in…

The same hole they had condemned everyone else in Europe to.

In any case, it couldn't be helped, he merely thought with an internal shrug. He had long ago let go of trying to win people over completely. There was always kernels of doubt, of disagreement, even in his most loyal let alone someone like Nicolas who would always have his own way of seeing things.

It was simply human nature, he thought to himself quietly and it would not be something he would see suppressed or removed in the magical world if he could help it.

Atticus tilted his head at the sculpture, a fleeting thought took hold of his mind. "Do you think if Gaia could speak, she would ask us not to go?" he posed to Perenelle.

Three quarters of a millennium of life experiences, likely even forgotten more magic than she had learnt, had her prepared well for the kind of abstract question he was asking. "As much as I'd like to say no, I believe she would yes." Perenelle admitted.

She paused for a few seconds before she continued on "Magic would live on, on Earth, nothing could ever change that, but I imagine it would feel like an injury." She said and he mulled it over whilst she continued

"In my many years of life, I have found that the natural world is stronger with the presence of magicals, be they sentient or not, and I have found that a belief reinforced more so once the Statute went up. Forests and Jungles that once bore many magical creatures were moved or hunted down for fear of breaking the Statute seemed to have lost lot of their essence over time and disappeared within two muggle lifetimes…partly because of muggles but also because of the loss of its native magical beings and creatures." She paused briefly, a small sigh escaping her delicate lips before she looked up at the sculpture.

"I fear such collapse of the natural world would only hasten once we leave." She said a little quietly "Perhaps it would have been inevitable anyway, the muggles are destructive in their way of progress, but I would have liked to think we would make a great deal of difference in preserving her and her nature."

"And…" she continued, this time a little nostalgic "Even without considering what we would have done for her, I would like think of her as a mother and no mother would want their children to leave home and no mother could bear never seeing her children again."

"I doubt it will be forever." Atticus added though it was without much belief.

Perenelle looked at him, a sad look on her face, one that he wouldn't have needed his Sight or magic to decipher. "It won't be home then. We'll be guests."

If the muggles progressed at the rate they were, it was doubtful they could call Earth home ever again once they left.

No magical would want to live under a muggle government, there was too much history and fear between them, and they all knew the muggles well enough that it was simply an impossibility that they would peacefully allow any magical government to take root on the homeworld.

There was a comfortable silence, one that both allowed to sit for a while.

"I believe it is at this point I say something philosophical." Atticus said, breaking the silence after he felt enough time had passed.

Perenelle laughed loudly, almost giggling before she spoke, her bare and elegant neck craning, her head tilted like a cat attempting to figure out something unknown bearing a lady like Cheshire grin "You could do what Nicky does."

Atticus looked at her with a faint smile as he turned towards her "Oh?"

"Wishy-washy sentences that make no sense but are accepted as wise words." She eyed him with mischief "Normally it takes a couple of centuries to get to that point where people don't question it but given your position, it could work."

Atticus chuckled softly. "Who says I don't do that anyway?" he said with a smile.

And technically, he supposed, he had the experiences of centuries in a way, especially since his Sight improved to the point it was pretty much like he was there in the first place.

That along with the amount of time he spent using Time-Turners, he was a fair bit older than his near forty-seven years of age despite his body being in effective frozen at age twenty-seven.

"Now come, you've spent long enough recovering." Perenelle coaxed and he stuck out an arm which she elegantly took. She would hear no complaints from him, the orchestra was playing at this moment in time reducing the number of people who'd demand his time.

She eyed him curiously, hints of mischief but certainly mostly curiosity.

"How did you get the guards to stay away?"

He smiled wryly at her as they moved towards the stairs that would lead them down towards the main hall of the Temple "I threatened them with disappearing for a week without saying where I was going" he said in a dry tone, a tone that had a kind of exasperation latched on it.

"There are many things that make me regret agreeing to be King but the guards are very much near the top of my list of complaints" he said in a morose tone, one that Perenelle did not seem to sympathise with at all.

"Poor you" she said sarcastically, her eyebrows raised in disbelief.

"and also 'Agreeing to be King' is downplaying it a lot, don't you think?" she questioned sceptically and with squinted eyes.

"I don't know what you mean" he said innocently as he looked away from her gaze in very suspect-like way and she snorted very unladylike.

"Right." Perenelle muttered "You have very little complain about, Atticus." She said as she tapped his arm. "Even those guards do it more from a place of love than they do it in duty and complaining about it is very unbefitting of you." Perenelle said and it was clear she was quite enjoying telling him off. Probably because she hadn't told off a King or two in a few centuries, he mused to himself.

"Everyone kisses your arse, even that abominable Raven doesn't dare offending you too much, and you know it too." She raised her nose very dramatically.

"Everyone kisses my lovely tush too and you don't hear me complaining about it."

Atticus' lips twitched "Well, you had a long time to get used to it"

Perenelle craned her neck, faux outraged "Are you making fun of my age? How ungallant of you" she said in a playful scowl.

The banter went on for a little while longer until they returned to the main hall…much to the relief of the guards. Atticus suspected they probably asked Perenelle's help in getting him back under their eyes. Pesky little buggers.

A light orchestra was playing and he saw quite a number of people dancing at the centre of the hall. Sandra and Derek were there as were Harfang and his wife and many others. Even Lucius Malfoy and his wife-to-be Narcissa Black.

It was rather curious, he mused to himself.

He did next to nothing when it came to people's romantic lives yet pairs that he knew from fiction happened nonetheless. It meant very little in the grand scheme of things when it came to the path the Shapeless Ones wanted, after all, it was not completely deterministic, so he believed this match was completely done with free will and chance.

In a way, he found that to be endearing.

Despite Lucia who, instead of being cast out or worse killed for being a squib at birth but instead was treated and fully magical and a firm fixture in Lucius' life, along with a host of other changes to the magical world done that affected the teenager, it still seemed that Lucius and Narcissa were meant to be.

Nicolas came over once he'd seen them enter the hall looking far too eager to escape the small crowd that had been around him "Perry" he said with a faint note of relief and Perenelle smiled indulgingly at her husband.

Perenelle unwrapped her arm around Atticus' and took Nicolas' offered one.

Nicolas turned towards him "Your wife might need a bit of rescue herself." Nicolas informed him. Atticus nodded to the man before he made his way towards her.

A few people tried to speak to him but he brushed them off politely as he made his way to Emily who was conversing with a few people, including Lord Malfoy, Lord Delacour and other such notables, and a faint uptick of his lips made its way onto his otherwise neutral face.

Her hair was free flowing like fine silken threads dipped in a bath made of shadows and atop her head there was a thin diadem made of Mithril that flowed like running water with its jewels moving in a Ouroboros pattern.

She was dressed in a long dark green dress that was split allowing her greater free movement if she needed it and tastefully hugged her exquisite form. Her exposed neck adorned Slytherin, Pendragon and Sayre styled jewellery.

She looked every bit a Queen. His Queen. He sent deep affectionate love through their bond and she turned towards his direction as he approached.

She smiled at him as she returned the love through their bond, a similar faint barely noticeable smile on her face despite the depth of her love that shone through the bond they shared.

"My love" Atticus said as he gently placed his hand on her back and leaned in to place a kiss on her cheek. She angled her head slightly towards him as her right hand was placed onto his forearm and he kissed her gently before standing by her.

She sent him a minor Legillimency probe 'Fatiman wants to meet tomorrow as expected. I agreed.' Atticus sent a feeling of affirmativeness through their bond as he set his gaze upon those Emily was speaking to without particularly focusing on anyone, all of this happening within less than a second.

"Husband" she said with a trickle of affection before she pulled him in a little closer.

Atticus smiled at her before he turned his gaze towards the men that she'd been conversing and inclined his head in greeting to them, all of them reciprocating it with polite decorum.

"Your Majesty." The Dutch lord Van der Schoen said respectfully with a dip of the head after Atticus turned towards the blonde haired middle aged man "We were just speaking about the artistic merits of Gallardo."

"Robert here believes he might be able to dislodge Mrs Fisbililah from her perch" Lord Delacour, Jean said before he placed the rim of the glass of champagne on his lips. Atticus raised an eyebrow in response, his eyes sweeping across faces of the crowd before fixing them onto Van der Schoen.

"Quite the belief to have. It's wrong but it's quite something." Atticus lightly said to the man with a faint smile and soft chuckles rang around before a dull debate about art and what style was more reflective of magical culture took hold.

Thankfully it hadn't lasted too long and after speaking briefly to Jean Delacour about his heir, his grandson – his wild son had foolishly killed himself in the Pyrenees mountains – he and Emily did final rounds of conversation at the Ball before they retired for the evening.

"Fatiman will be brought to us early in the morning. I've asked Sandra to join us" Emily said whilst she began to remove her jewellery from her neck. Atticus threw his over-embroidered royal jacket to the side before he made his way to her.

He stood behind her and gently clutched her hands that were on the back of her neck attempting to unclip the small chain. Jewellery like this were finicky to remove, even with magic. The kinds of charms that Emily had placed on them made it all but impossible for it to be removed but by her own – or his – hands.

She stopped and moved her hands aside letting him remove the chains for her. "I prefer her away from this side of things." Atticus said to her.

Sandra, after resigning from Chancellorship to focus more on her family, had instead became one of three Chief Judges that presided over supreme court cases.

"I know." Emily said with a sigh "But she was involved in the original terms." She peered at him with a side glance "And it's not as if it changes anything" she half stated, half asked. Atticus shook his head as he unclipped the first of the three chains.

He shared with her his visions quite often.

Not always, that would be impractical and unnecessary but enough times for her to know the general trend of how things would go.

"No, it doesn't change anything." And Sandra wouldn't know the dirtier side of what they would do afterwards anyway. Sandra was a smart woman but she would try to refuse understand and he'd rather not put that kind of weight on her shoulders.

"Still believe we need to cut their numbers down?" Atticus posed to her as he unclipped the second of three chains. "To at most two clans if not one?"

"Of course." Emily merely stated. "The Haitians and the other Afro-Haitian magical communities are too much of a problem otherwise. No matter how unfortunate the loss of most of their magic would be."

That was true. Normally they tended to be as magnanimous as they could be when they wanted to foster relations with more disconnected magical communities.

The Haitians however…

Well, there was a reason why the ICW had taken great pains during the Statute Wars to wipe out as many of them and the African tribes that they had originally hailed from.

Their expertise in certain kind of magic was practically supreme, magicks like animancy, blessing magic, effigy dark arts, necromancy and other such obscure magicks made them a magical group difficult to deal with and it was no little surprise that most of their tribal magicks were made illegal under international law.

Not that it helped in ridding the world of those kinds of magic. Still, he had to admit, he was a little relieved that the necessity of 'borrowing' from nature and needing samples was there. It limited their threat level to something far more manageable.

And the fact that while the ICW hadn't been completely successful in wiping out those tribes, they did however set the conditions for most of voodoo magic to be constricted to about seventeen clans.

Seventeen clans that soon would become two clans indebted to Emily and Atticus.

"Do you still want even those two? Despite what we'll have to do to manage them?" Emily asked in a light moan when he unclipped the last of the chains, his hands now beginning to kneading her neck and shoulders.

The Haitians were a difficult problem. Their magic was unique and it would be a shame to see it gone from the universe even if it was as dark as it was. But the Haitians were also far from easy people to control.

The ICW provided enough historical evidence about that. Even amongst themselves, they were difficult especially now given the current situation.

As of right now, there was a power struggle between all of the clans that effectively ruled like warlords over large swathes of territory in both worlds.

Funnily enough, this time they had little to do with it. At least directly.

He hummed silently.

He was tempted to do away with them just as they had done with other dark enclaves of magicals that the ICW had conveniently ignored since they hadn't been a threat to the Statute of Secrecy but his Sight did provide a solution.

It was also a level of control that he greatly disliked, the same kind of control they'd used to subjugate the Goblins, methods that'd provide the foundation to transition them into inclusivity within magical society.

"Yes." Atticus said to her after a few moments had passed "I would like to preserve as many distinct magical cultures and unique talents as possible…even if we have to make the chains as tight as possible." Atticus said to Emily in a distracted way.

The Fatiman and Salikoko clans were allied and at present, they were close to losing against one of the larger alliances. Their numbers had already been cut down by more than half and it wouldn't be long until they lost the struggle.

With the underworld of the magical world outside of Europe now effectively gutted into non-existence as agreeable dark wizards fell under Illos' control and backing in return for wealth and monopolisation, the market for Haitian services was rendered close to nil making the existing more legal business ventures far more priceless.

Which kick-started the Haitian civil war in the first place.

The Fatiman clan had links to Gutierrez, the Mexican dark wizard turned legal businessman who once had been a hitman-for-hire, and it was through him they learned enough of the need to pull the pieces together.

They'd tried to extract the information from Gutierrez and his men but he was not able to tell them anything because he physically could not.

With the use of Osteomancy, a method of reading the future and the past using bones as a focus – they managed to get a hold of bones of targets the Illosian Guards eliminated – they found out about the Geas that existed.

A Geas that prohibited anyone not keyed in from learning who exactly was responsible for the sweeping changes that were and had happened in the underworld.

It was then that the Head of Fatiman clan, Pierre Fatiman, was approached and made an offer. An offer that had been rejected but will be accepted soon.

Their situation was dire enough to necessitate it.

Had they been like the other clans or families like those in South America who were reasonable when it came to accepting the new status quo, that agreement would have been enough. But they wouldn't be. The conditions in which the Haitians were born into created a group of magicals that were relentless. Even these two weaker clans.

The Fatiman and Salikoko clans had not been the most powerful of the clans but they were most certainly equal to the rest of the clans when it came to ruthlessness.

Magicals and muggles alike were almost akin to pets to these clans, used to further their abilities in their branches of magic and used as weapons against the other clans.

The Haitians had unofficial status of pariahs – partly because of historical fear left over from the Statute Wars which yielded severe casualties on the side of the ICW and Europe – and it wasn't undeserved even if you moved past history.

They held little compunction of taking away free will from others and they would see this agreement indebting them to Illos as a similar kind of free will removal.

They would never stop seeking to loosen the so-called chains that Emily and him placed onto them. They would be relentless in this pursuit.

In the end, they came to conclude 'Fine then. Have it your way.'

How ironic that in their inevitable ruthless drive towards their so-called independence they would actually find themselves tighter bound to the point that they could do little without his and Emily's say.

Emily made a noise before she turned around, the jewellery floating away once it was off of her neck. Her hands moved across his arms, her dark blue eyes gazing up at him. "You looked handsome in that Rosi" Emily said in a sensual tone, her hands gradually moving towards his crotch.

"Hmm" Atticus made out as he brushed the back of his hand against her cheek, his eyes roving towards her figure that her dress tastefully hid and he contemplated if he wanted her in or out of the dress. She made to move to remove the dress but Atticus placed his hand on her arm.

"Leave it on." Atticus said seductively and her eyes grew a hungry and pleased glint as his hands moved to her hips. She yielded into his control and he twisted her around with her back against his chest.

His hands moved towards the split section of her dress and onto her legs, his hands slowly moving upwards and hiking up the dress.

He moved his head towards the back of her neck and trailed a string of kisses from top to bottom. Pleased moans escaped from her lips as she backed into his crotch and all the worries about distant evils and ruthless actions fell away as two became one.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

9th​ of May, 1971 – Avalon, Avalon Heights

Anne POV

The temperature of the morning breeze was chilling, the light of dawn a sleepy presence at this time of morning. She let of a shuddering breath, less because of the chill and more because of the frigid nervousness she felt, and sucked in a deep breath of the salty sea-air, her eyes set on the detached cottage at the end of the road.

It looked warm, the home – she hoped it felt like home – surrounded by a well-kept front garden and an old oak tree that had a swing hanging from a thick branch.

She felt a comforting hand on her arm. "Mother…" Sophia began and Anne placed her hand on top of her daughter's hand before she turned her head towards her daughter, an affectionate and reassuring smile on her face.

"I'm alright." Anne said a little quietly but Sophia's concern didn't abate so Anne only squeezed her daughter's hand a little as it rested on top of it.

Sophia's expression softened slightly, the concern reduced to a pittance but it was still there and Anne was heartened by it.

Sophia, now a woman of fifty-three years and perhaps the most powerful woman in MACUSA, was still the caring daughter she had always been.

"Anne" her brother called gently and she turned towards him.

Short salt and pepper hair crowned his head, more pepper than salt, and wore a firm but caring expression on his face. He looked much like their father had in their youth. He was older than father had been too she thought to herself before she shook her head. He stood a little further ahead and there was impatience in his body language.

Her brother was a saint, truly, she thought guiltily. This…reunion was taking longer than he had wanted once she told him and the rest of their family about their sister.

Had they not made a pact to go see her together, he'd have already met with her.

"I need to do this." Anne said with a breathless exhale, more to herself than to Sophia. "I've waited long enough."

Though it couldn't really be said it was waiting.

She lost count how many times, she retracted on her commitment to meet her sister, even so far as arriving in Morfay intent on making the trip here only for her to simply leave, never able to find the bravery she needed.

Even now, she was perilously close to leaving.

"Alright mother." Sophia acquiesced "But I don't have to wait here. I can come with you" Sophia added quietly.

Anne smiled sadly at Sophia before she shook her head.

"No…Lukasz and I need to do this alone." Anne didn't want Lucille and her family to feel crowded or worse feel threatened by them. She didn't know how much Lucille had told her family about her past. If she told them about her past.

It was why she wouldn't want even hear of Atticus or her nieces and nephews coming with her and Lukasz today.

Only her children's argument about at least Sophia going with her and keeping her company from afar had won out from her coming alone with Lukasz today.

"Alright" Sophia said with a sigh and Anne closed her eyes briefly when she felt Sophia putting her other hand on top of hers. Anne reopened them and met her daughter's bright emerald eyes.

"Time is too swift for those who fear but for those who love, time is eternity" Sophia quoted gently to her, her hand tapping on top of Anne's.

It was enough for her to scrounge up every speck of courage and Anne took in one deep shuddering breath before she extracted her hands from Sophia's and walked, a walk that seemed as daunting as a perilous trek on frozen mountain paths with one slip being enough to tumble down towards jagged rocks.

Her mind veered back to when Atticus told her about her sister.

She'd never felt so angry, never so furious with him. She felt betrayed.

She'd not even been this angry when Atticus had hidden her and Sophia against their will during the war. Because she had understood. Markus had died and Grindelwald was sure to never rest until either they were all dead or under his control.

But this…

This was nothing like that.

Lukasz locked step with her before he placed his hand on her shoulder, a gentle squeeze in support and she turned to him, a grateful look on her face before she looked to the cottage, frightful as it was as it drew ever closer.

Neither of them said anything.

All that had could have been said about today, about meeting Lucille, had been already been fretfully said to exhaustion.

'Was she happy?' 'Would she remember us?' '..Will she forgive us?'

They arrived at the small wooden gate that was fenced by old mossy stone walls, her gaze peering towards the unassuming burgundy door, her hand moving towards the small metal lever that would let her pass but her hand stilled on the cold lever.

'This was meant to be, mother. Not sooner. Not later. I would have told you sooner if I could have.'

Those words played into her mind, again and again ever since. She didn't think he was telling here the whole truth. She knew that his Sight allowed him to see far more.

But she hadn't question it further.

The sincere look on his face, the slightly pained glint in his eyes when she'd raged at him and broken down more than a few times in front of him told her enough that Atticus hadn't wished to keep this from her.

She lifted up the lever, her heart pounding, and they walked through the gate and inched closer to the burgundy door, her hands, now cold, shaking, trembling, each step felt heavy and tired as if she had run thirteen marathons consecutively.

The wards washed over her and she could feel it was judging her intent.

Briefly, she wondered if she would be ejected out but it was a concern that seemed to pass by her just as the intent ward passed her through.

She glanced at the rows of flowers that were by the front of the home and she could see Penstemons, Goldsturm, Jacob's Ladder and a host of other types of flowers.

Even what had been Lucille's favourite "Petunias" she whispered as she stared at the large purple blooming flowers. Lucille had been so fond of flowers as a child.

Later in her childhood, when she still hadn't performed accidental magic, she had only grown more interested in their small greenhouse. She often smelled so earthy.

Lukasz made a noise before he spoke quietly "This is so her". There was a note in his voice, a note that felt tight. She only nodded silently as they arrived at the door.

Lukasz knocked on the door and she felt like time had ceased to move much like how her body resisted to move, her muscles tightly coiled into stillness.

The door opened slightly and Anne felt like she was hit in her chest.

Bright emerald wide eyes darted between Anne and Lukasz, bright emerald eyes that belonged to a young girl no older than ten, perhaps eleven, crowned by a mane of bright red hair that made it seem as if it was the only thing in the vicinity that had colour.

"Um…hello" the young girl said awkwardly as she looked a little confused and quite a bit more tentative "…who are you?"

"Who's at the door, Lily?!" an older male called out and the young girl swivelled her head around and shouted

"I don't know! There is a man and a woman at the door!" before she turned back around to face Anne and Lukasz.

"We're here to see Lucille, Ms…?" Lukasz thankfully stepped up to speak. She doubted she could at this moment in time given the way she was staring at the young.

She could see Lucille in the young girl's face. Her nose, her lashes. Her eyes…

"Lily Evans." The young girl said warily before the door opened completely, an older taller gentleman with brown eyes and brown hair standing by the young girl.

Both she and Lukasz recognised the man's build and his facial features. He was fairly stocky and his jawline was that of the Provydetsi family.

"There is no Lucille here." The young girl piped up before she looked at the older gentleman who certainly recognised the name judging by the gradual shift in his expression "Dad, is there is a Lucille in the neighbourhood?"

"Who are you?" the man – her nephew, Jack – asked calmly but with a hint of steel in his voice. The sounds of footsteps in the background grew louder.

"I am Lukasz Provydetsi and this is my sister, Anne." Lukasz gestured towards himself and Anne as a woman with blonde hair and blue eyes arrived by the door.

"I see." The man said slowly, his eyes darting between Anne and Lukasz and it was obvious he knew exactly who they were. "She goes by Lily."

He said after a few moments and that was enough for their niece-in-law, Rosaline, to realise what was happening. Lily the younger still looked confused but she was corralled away by their nephew's wife who was protesting slightly.

Their nephew stepped out of the house, the door slightly closed and his expression couldn't hide the concern he was feeling. "We're not here to cause trouble" Anne blurted out, finally able to find her voice. Their nephew still looked doubtful.

"We only want to see her. To speak with her. Please believe us." Anne said quietly and she cast her eyes towards their nephew with all the sincerity she could muster.

Neither she or Lukasz wanted to push.

They wanted to meet with Lucille – Lily – only if she wanted to. The doubt faded away from Jack's face and his expression softened but there was still a hardness there.

"You know…" Jack began in a way that seemed as if he was chewing on his words to make them softer. "She never liked to talk about her side of the family." Jack's eyes hardened slightly.

"Even after she had to talk when the magical world came for us, she gave us the bare minimum information." Anne winced slightly, a feeling of guilt washing over her. Did they know that it was her son that helped begin it all? That it was her daughter-in-law that the one responsible for taking them away?

She hadn't thought about it then and now…now she wanted to run away again.

It was bad enough that they'd abandoned her to the muggles but after this? She clearly found herself a family and settled in a world she probably came to love…only for it to be ripped away by the magical world and the family that abandoned her?

"It was a different time." Lukasz said with note of regret and she wanted to strangle him for even saying it. It seemed it wasn't the right thing to say to Jack either.

"It's never any time to abandon one's children." Jack said firmly.

"No it isn't" Anne hastily said "And nothing excuses it. But it wasn't our decision back then." Anne said sincerely.

Jack stared at her for a moment before he nodded lightly "I know it wasn't. We wouldn't be talking if that had been the case." Jack said with a shake of the head before he eyed them both.

"I make no promises." Jack said warningly and Anne felt her heart race. "It will be her decision and her decision alone if she wants to speak with you."

"We accept." Lukasz said with a dip of the head and once Jack's eyes were on her she only bowed her head in acceptance.

"Wait here." Jack said before he retreated back into the house and closed the door.

Anne let out a shuddering breath.

"She raised him well." Lukasz said after a few seconds of deathly silence. She turned to him and saw him simply gazing at the door.

"Even knowing he could do little against us, he is firm." Lukasz said before he spared her a glance and she smiled slightly at him.

"And he seems like a good man." She said to Lukasz who returned a smile of his own.

The wait seemed almost unbearable and it was wrecking her nerves.

Finally, the door opened and Anne felt like she was on the precipice of fainting.

Emerald eyes saturated with emotion stared at them and Anne's eyes were shining with tears. "Lucille…" Anne whispered.

She had more grey hairs than she had brown, her face wrinkled and loose. Her little sister looked so old but it was still her little sister.

Once Anne whispered her name it seemed to have made the moment real and a choking sound escaped from Lucille's throat. "Anne…Luka…?" her voice was broken with soulful emotion and Anne chokingly laughed and bobbed her head like a little girl and Lucille whimpered.

"It's really you…" Lucille's eyes were shedding tears and Anne couldn't help it anymore. She slowly approached Lucille, her arms slightly wide

"It's us…it's really us…"

And that was enough for Lucille's resistance to break away and the hug that they both fell into, had latched onto…

Well, it felt like home.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Emily POV

They descended down the hill that overlooked the forbidden forest and continued on their way towards the depths of the forest on this misty late morning.

"Brings back memories." Atticus mused as they made through way towards the dark forest. Emily hummed slightly. It did bring back memories.

It was along this path that they first ventured out to Beltane and begun their journey together in earnest. It was near here that they first managed their animagus transformation. The forest been the sight of many momentous moments…and many forgettable ones. She wasn't quite sure which kind of moment today would be.

"Did you ever venture into these woods during your days at Hogwarts, Jacobius?" Atticus asked one of their two guards. Said guard shook his head.

"No, Your Majesty. I did not." Jacobius said dutifully before he hesitated for a moment, seemingly deciding whether or not to say anything further.

He decided to continued "I was too afraid at the time of the dark beasts that were rumoured to roam in the forest." Jacobius said with slight embarrassment.

Atticus smiled at Jacobius "Most animals here are harmless." He said as they followed a trickling river that snaked downhill through an opening of trees.

"Though werewolves did roam this forest during a full moon even during my time at Hogwarts and probably quite a bit after that." The two guards startled at that.

Yes…that was irritatingly true. She'd almost lost a student to their own stupidity during her reign as deputy headmistress.

To say she wasn't pleased that it made some students brave enough to go alone into the forest during the dark of night after she'd opened up a significant proportion of the forest to the students of Hogwarts in her later years of being deputy headmistress would be understating it.

It seemed she didn't account for the idiocy of the student body at the time.

She wanted to expose students to the ingredients as they grew in nature outside of greenhouses. She established a small amendment to Potions – and COMC – that made students pick and identify ingredients suitable all kinds of potions.

It would help them learn how and what to look out for and in the end it was almost making them better wizards and witches practically as a by-product as they learned more of the intricacies of reactions and control.

"Not anymore of course." Emily interjected, drawing attention to herself. "The Lycans have their own lands to roam in their transformed state if they wished to."

Eileen's final cure, with her help naturally, changed the werewolf curse drastically to the point it was no longer a curse and more akin to what the Veela were.

A near-human race of beings.

They could no longer infect other beings – which was the greatest contribution to the tentative acceptance of werewolves in general society – and they retained their minds in their transformed state which they could more or less control.

Nearly all of the werewolf population of Britain, France and the South Americas had taken the cure and other smaller magical societies made it a mandatory requirement or face expulsion.

The North American werewolves were refusing the cure on the ridiculous basis that it was 'genocide' and had the support of a number of influential Native American tribes resulting in the issue being practically postponed within MACUSA.

It was pathetic.

Even the staunchest defenders of werewolf rights had come on board with the cure and these people were catering to the hysterics of yowling wolves?

In any case, she did not care a whit in truth.

She got what she wanted with the cure anyway. She had her fingers in the newly Lycan community with her words being valued above all others…

With the exception of Eileen perhaps.

Killing an alpha like Greyback as brutally as she had of course made an impression.

Once they arrived at the designated meeting spot, they simply stood and waited.

The guards were slightly tense though they didn't draw their wands. Their coming guests wouldn't have appreciated that. Speaking of guests…

She could hear them coming long before the sounds of broken branches in the distance was audible to normal human ears. Hooves pattering on wet earth grew louder and louder and the sounds of rustling leaves drew near and it wasn't long before a tall four legged figure breached out and through the bushes.

Her magic coiled around her, stirring but tightly coiled ready at a moment's notice.

Having met and talked to the Grecian Centaurs, her opinion on the race of beings had more or less been solidified. They were a prideful cranky sort with long memories and even longer grudges. It took near certain total destruction at the hands of the Ravenites for the Grecian centaurs to ask for asylum.

These centaurs were the same and if it wasn't for their divination abilities letting them know what was going to happen, she doubted they would have been as respectful as they were to her that one time she'd met with them years ago when one of the centaurs guided her to the wayward student.

Instead of xenophobic overly prideful beings she received respectful centaurs that called her Herald. A name that they'd also used for Atticus.

Then another centaur broke through and another and another. Their movement was languid but it was fluid, almost graceful in the way they moved, their braided hair – silver, blonde and black as midnight – were flowing in sync with each step they took.

Their skins were equally as varied, some soft hew green and others earthy dark green but all had a kind of glow, a vibrancy of magic that normally would only be seen in those that were practically magic made manifest like phoenixes, unicorns or threstrals. But then, weren't centaurs closer to those magical creatures, at least when it came to vibrancy, than any other sentient magical being?

Their very human faces held bright and silvery eyes, eyes that boasted a dim luminosity that almost seemed unseeing with the way they slightly looked past them, and one by one they slapped their tails against their bodies before the one with silver hair stepped forward.

"Heralds." The centaur rumbled and his silvery eyes lost their unseeing qualities and the centaur craned its head towards their directions.

"Why are you come? It is not yet time to board the Ark."

She felt a flash of irritation at the presumptuousness.

But then, it wasn't presumptuousness if it was going to happen regardless if they helped or not, was it? Not that the centaurs were able to do anything they wouldn't be able to do anyway.

Even the request they'd ask today could be done without them but Atticus was determined to bring these centaurs into the fold in the same way Grecian centaurs were being enticed into greater interaction in Illos.

"You know why we have come." Atticus said calmly, his arms behind his back as he slowly moved toward which caused one of the younger seeming centaurs to stamp their front leg in agitation.

The leading centaur, the one with the silver hair gestured the younger centaur which seemed to calm it down but the centaur still looked uneasy.

She let the reigns of her magic loose ever so slightly, so much so that it was barely noticeable in the magically rich forest and she began to probe towards the younger centaur who she suspected wasn't quite as attuned to sensing magic. Not yet.

She was right and she could feel emanating from him feelings of resentment and wariness. Curious…she thought to herself.

Atticus stopped in front of the centaur, his head inclined as he met the centaur's gaze.

"Jupiter shines." The silver haired centaur seemed to reluctantly admit, agreeing to Atticus' observation. The centaur's tail was twitching and it was clear that the being wasn't enthused by the idea.

Jupiter was associated with philosophy but also wanderlust. To say Jupiter shines meant that meaningful journey was on the cards.

"It does." Atticus agreed before he tilted his head.

"You have thus far refused entreaties to associate with the rest of magical-kind beyond the living beings of this forest" he said as he waved nodded towards the forests before he eyed the centaur with stern gaze.

"Even so far to refuse to meet with your Grecian kin." This seemed to agitate the centaurs even further. Apparently there was quite a bit of bad blood between the two groups of centaurs that dated back to the Olympian age.

"No more." Atticus said firmly.

This seemed to be taken very badly by the youngest centaur who stampeded forward, a look of fury on its face. She could see the pronounced musculature of the being, a musculature that bore cords of muscle as strong as steel.

The guards raised their wands but both she and Atticus remained at ease.

Not because they weren't prepared if it turned south but because they knew the centaurs would intervene.

The silver haired centaur rose to its hind legs "YOUNGLING" the shout was thunderous and it echoed through the forest. The young centaur came to a stop and lost the look of fury and instead looked chastised.

One of the other centaurs dragged the young centaur away and the centaurs seemed to communicate for a few moments before one of the centaurs took the young ill-tempered centaur away.

The silver haired centaur returned to Atticus who remained in the same position as he was and began to speak as if nothing had happened. "You would ask payment?"

"When you hunt, do you hunt alone?" Atticus returned to the centaur before he shook his head "Would you ask for the labours of others without once labouring yourself?"

The silver haired centaur seemed almost offended by the comment but it didn't respond for a few moments. "Very well. Ask."

"I will soon journey to our home to foster the spirits in the forests, in the jungles and in the oceans. Your people have an attunement to these things greater than even the Skinwalkers. I request you allow a few of your elders to come with me. The Grecian centaurs have already agreed to our request."

The silver haired centaur slapped its tail against the back of its legs, a contemplative look on its face. "It is not all you seek. You speak of Mercury rising but you also seek to brighten Neptune."

Atticus allowed a faint smile to grow on his face. "Yes." Atticus confirmed before a more serious expression grew on his face. "This is an opportunity for there be the beginnings of greater harmony. What better way for it to begin when we nurture the essence of sleepy spirits?"

The contemplative look on the silver haired centaur lessened and the brightness of its silver eyes grew sharper, as if it was seeing Atticus for the first time.

The centaur turned its gaze towards the sky, as if seeking reassurances from the stars hidden by the clouds and the midday sun. Finally, the centaur looked back at Atticus.

"I will take this request to my people, Ark Builder." The centaur rumbled.

Atticus merely nodded. "Thank you." And soon enough the remaining two centaurs vanished silently into the black of night.

"You never said if it will make a difference." Emily commented as they made out of the forest, her eyes curious. Atticus smiled at her before he looked passed her and up towards the skies.

"It won't make a great difference. Not at the beginning. There is centuries of bad blood between the centaurs and wizarding-kind." Atticus said with a sigh.

The Romans had hunted the British centaurs for centuries with wizard accomplices.

So much so the centaurs had to seek refuge this far north in Scotland. When the Romans left, there was practically no centaur-wizarding relations, each side shooting or cursing first.

According to her ancestor Salazar's journals, it took years for the Founders to reach an accord with the centaurs. An accord that was tested over and over again by wizarding-kind. She understood the centaurs immense dislike for wizarding-kind.

What the wizards did to them was similar to what the muggles had done to the wizards but they were making overtures that would see them as part of the greater magical community as they should have been part of.

Hmm, she thought to herself. Atticus had thoroughly infected her with his ambitions to bind the magical world tightly together.

Atticus turned his gaze towards her, his emerald violet eyes almost gleaming with anticipation. "But it's a start and a start is all we need."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

15th​ of May, 1971 – Norway, Grønlotter Island

Cullaica POV

Cullaica hummed a fun little tune, his feet tapping lightly against the boat as the charmed boat begun to paddle at a slower speed as they neared the docks.

He was having a swell old time, he mused blissfully as fairly decent wards washed over them before receding away moments after it was confirmed they had the requisite permission to the abodes of their soon-to-be hosts.

They rarely did anything like this anymore.

The boat came to a stop and the Raven jumped out of the boat a few metres away from the dock in one swift motion and Cullaica sighed dramatically.

He wanted to tie the boat to the pole and finish the whole experience!

He followed suit and jumped onto the docks "So impatient" Cullaica tutted to the Raven who didn't deign him a response choosing instead to start walking.

Cullaica chuckled before a sharp grin slashed across his face and begun to walk.

He placed his hands behind his head and continuing the fun little tune, this time a little more fast paced, his shoulders dancing and swaying to the tune.

Slabs of thick square metre stones fashioned as steps as they made their way uphill on this tiny island. Well, tiny being relative. It was large enough to host half a dozen mansions, he mused as he glanced at the towering red stoned manor surrounded by a wide terrace and pinch of trees.

The manor seemed to gleam in a crimson hue under the light of the morning sun. How opulent, Cullaica thought to himself as the tune grew in volume, the sounds deeper, more animalistic.

Nobles, he thought with hungry amusement. Like peacocks, they couldn't help but show off, strutting and flashing their colourful plumage as if it made them important.

His fingers itched.

"Do you have to hum that?" the Raven asked him without any inflection in his voice and Cullaica turned to see him looking at Cullaica with a cocked head, his expression as blank as always, his black eyes that seemed soulless boring into him.

Cullaica bobbed his head slightly as he added a more complex twist to the little tune.

Cullaica only got slight pressed lips in return before the Raven turned away from him and Cullaica came to a sudden stop, his smile dropping into downward frown – and never a pout – and the Raven stopped a little ahead of him and gave him a side glance before his head forward and started to walk again.

"It's been a while since I hummed that tune." Cullaica said a little defensively before he sighed long-sufferingly "Reminds me of better days."

His tone was wistful as he began to walk again and caught up to the Raven.

The Raven didn't respond though there was a little twitch of his fingers on his right hand as it hung by his body and Cullaica's expression grew into a face splitting grin.

Yes, my friend…I know you miss those days too before…everything, he thought as his grin turned less of a grin and more into a manic bloodthirsty smile.

The fact that they were here was proof enough that they might actually start what they promised each other all those decades ago.

The door to the manor opened and a stern faced man stood by the door, his wand aglow and raised in their direction. The sternness of the man's expression fell away as fast as trees falling moments after they were pushed to fall and the colour of his expression turned ghostly white.

The light at the tip of his wand petered out into nothingness and it reminded him very vividly of the sound a balloon makes as air escapes from its lips and it made him restrain the fit of laughter with clenched teeth.

Curiously, it made Bjorn Otterdahl even paler if that was possible but it seemed to jolt him into full awareness and the wand swiftly went back into its holster.

"My Lords." Otterdahl said as he bowed deeply and tensely, his voice stiff with undertones of fear. "I…I apologise for pointing my wand at My Lords. I believed it may have been a ruse by my enemies for I did not think you would honour me with a visit."

"That's quite alright" Cullaica dismissed sunnily before he clasped his hands and rubbed them together, a manic grin on his face "Do you happen to have any chicken? Or duck?"

Otterdahl looked startled before he recovered. "We do. We also have pheasant."

His grin now threatened to split his face. "Excellent. I'm positively famished"

Juices dripped onto the plate as he bit into the leg and he strangely moaned in ecstasy. The taste was rich, savoury, somewhat earthy and the meat simply melted in his mouth. It was heavenly.

His next few bites were even more slobbery when he moved onto the breast slices before he finished with the last leg. "Ah…" Cullaica sighed satiated breaking the deafening silence as he leaned back in his chair, his hand gripping the pint of milk before he swept his gaze across the dining table.

The five Otterdahl adults stiffened under his gaze and Cullaica blinked slowly "Is there anything wrong?" he asked curiously before he moved the pint of milk towards his lips though he sniffed it first which yielded a giggle from one of the children.

Cullaica winked at the darked haired girl that sat by the elderly Otterdahl woman.

"Nothing is wrong" Bjorn Otterdahl said with a smile that looked accommodating. He seemed eager to draw attentions to himself instead to the youngest little girl at the table "Just…surprised at how hungry you were."

"You shouldn't have been surprised." Cullaica said with a careless shrug before he turned to the Raven who looked at him with a faint uptick in the corners of his lips.

Cullaica eyes glinted in anticipation before he smothered it when he turned away from the Raven and back at Bjorn Otterdahl. "I did say I was hungry"

"Did you think I was lying?" he asked innocently though the smile on his face was apparently not-so-innocent with the way his lady-wife sharply scraped against the plate.

"I did not, My Lord. Forgive me if it seemed that way" Otterdahl said humbly, his head bowed like the submissive little pheasant that he was.

Cullaica's smile sharpened. Disgusting. His fingers curled around the glass of milk and it took effort to restrain his strength.

They were all disgusting.

Disgusting. Disgusting. Disgusting.

All of them.

The adults, the children.

All of them and their disgustingly perfect little safe lives.

He wanted to peel their perfect scented skin off with agonising slowness.

He ached to see them bathe in a pool of acid, to watch their flesh melt off like candlewax does under a lighted wick. He wante-

"Fathe-" a smack sung into the room and his eyes darted to the source of the smack and saw the lady-wife grip the youngest Otterdahl male, about eight years of age, by the jaw, her eyes filled with terror and the frustrated entitled boy seemed to finally understand the precariousness they found themselves in.

There was a beautiful deathly silence which was broken when Cullaica hummed a bright little tune. "You wouldn't happen to have cake, would you?"

The adults looked relieved at the question and Bjorn Otterdahl almost seemed to jump out of his seat when he made to speak.

"Molsie!" *POP*

"Master" the elf dressed in tattered clothes addressed after it bowed.

"Fetch the cake. The fancy one."

"Ah!" Cullaica raised his index finger and it stilled the elf and Otterdahl alike.

The elf looked uncertain as Cullaica smiled at the little creature. It should be illegal for a creature to have such big lovely eyes. It was adorable.

"My Lord?" Otterdahl hesitantly questioned, stiffening when Cullaica turned his gaze towards the tense man.

"I'd like to visit the kitchens myself, if that is quite all right" Cullaica said with a whistle. Bjorn Otterdahl looked hesitant, his eyes darting between Cullaica and the Raven and to the other Otterdahls and Cullaica's grin grew in response.

Bjorn Otterdahl lost his hesitancy and he dipped his head "Of course, My Lord. Molsie, take the Lord with you to the kitchens."

"Of course Master" the elf bowed but before they could move, a feeling of nothingness sunk into the dining room, an absence that drew instinctive terror to the forefront in their hosts.

"Let the boy speak." The Raven spoke, his words said calmly but his voice was remindful of nothingness and Cullaica almost shivered in delight as the game was afoot!

He glanced at the Raven and saw him seated there looking away from all of them, his pitch black hair obscuring most of his face.

His plate of finely cut meat was untouched, and Cullaica idly wondered if he wouldn't mind if he ate it in his stead. 'Probably best to ask later' he thought.

The elderly Otterdahl male, likely some uncle of Bjorn or some such, made to speak in protest but a blur of a line flashed through his neck and the elderly Otterdahl looked momentarily confused before his eyes turned glassy and blood began to trickle from a fine perfectly horizontal line across his neck.

Strangled and pained noises escaped from elderly woman who moved swiftly and clasped onto the mouths of the two little girls who sat on either side of her and moved their heads into her sides.

Cullaica pouted.

The good part was just happening when the old man's eyes rolled towards the back of his head and it was less than a second later that the trickle of blood became a fountain of blood as it spurted onto the table soiling the barely touched breakfast.

The head thudded to the ground and Cullaica curiously watched Bjorn's expression who seemed deathly still, his gaze fixed at the headless corpse before he very mechanically turned his gaze towards his wife who was terror struck.

Cullaica smiled before he took the glass of milk on the table and brought the glass of milk to his lips and he savoured the taste of it. It wasn't bad at all. Slightly better tasting than Bulgarian milk which was a little odd but then, he supposed, the taste all depended on what you fed the cows.

"Olga." Bjorn managed to say in a tight voice and it was enough to bring a hint of life in the woman's eyes who richly understood but was incredibly hesitant.

Cullaica placed his hand on top of the elf's head and the elf flinched out of the horror that it seemed stuck in "Come on, little elf." He said in a delighted tone as he swivelled the elf's head towards the exits "There's cake waiting!" he began to hum and whistle a happy little tune as he followed the elf towards the kitchens.

He hoped the fancy cake was chocolate!

Fifteen or so minutes later…

He was still whistling when he left the kitchen with half a cake in one hand and his companions in the other. He made his way towards where he could feel the magic after finding the dining room abandoned. Well, except for Headless Otterdahl.

It was a little rude. They could have waited. Anyway…

When he entered the spacious living room, he sighed in blissful exultation.

The air was thick, restrictive, suffocating, as if the large living room was saturated with burning ash that could spark into an all consuming black inferno at any moment.

And if the air was suffocating, the darkness that filled the room was murderously strangling. He peered lazily at the source of the darkness that exuded a kind of haunting dread that would see muggles push themselves into suicide.

His old friend was in the mood.

He looked away and made a beeline towards the comfortable seat by the table that was in the furthest corner of the living room to where their hosts were and entertained his old friend though the distress and pleading were but a distant hymn.

He sat down in the seat that practically had his name etched into it and he made himself comfortable seat before munching down slice after slice of cake.

"You should be proud of yourselves" Cullaica said with a full mouth before he shoved another slice into his mouth. He moved his hand towards one of the elven heads and picked it up and stared at it with his mouth full.

He swallowed the mouthful and said "Are you proud?" the elf head bobbed eagerly, its large eyes glassy and tearful. "I'm glad you're proud." Cullaica said pleased before he set the elf's head back on to the table with the four elven heads.

The sounds of distress grew into whimpers and Cullaica turned in mild interest towards the source of today's entertainment.

He was sat there across the room in a drooping posture on a wooden chair, his hands hanging loose in between his thighs, surrounded in an ominous haze of magic that distorted reality around him like a lens would only…only it seemed as if it was a lens made from crystals harvested from the depths of hell, the hopelessness he exuded strong enough to despair even those who physically could not feel emotions.

On the other side of that haze the Otterdahls were kneeling before the Raven, their terror filled whimpers filling the room, breaking frightful whimpers, tantalising whimpers that were on the precipice of shattering into pitiful cries for mercy.

Cullaica leaned back into his chair wishing he had more of the cake and he scraped his finger across the plate, a plate that once bore quite a few slices of cherry chocolate cake that had been absolutely divine, accumulating the last bit of runny cherry flavoured syrup on it and he devilishly stuck it in his mouth, savouring it like it was his last bit of food on Earth. "Delicious" he muttered after he smacked his lips.

"Should've gotten the recipe from the elves" he muttered disappointedly to himself as he removed his boots from on top of the table and sat back up from his inclined slouching position in the chair and placed his feet on the ground.

This was the last bit of cake their hosts had left after having eaten half of the cake in the kitchens and now that the elves were dead, he doubted he would have it ever again. He sighed aggrieved as he eyed the elven heads remorsefully.

"Better to have had than not to have had, I suppose" he muttered before he began to walk, a soft hum breaking out of him.

He glanced to the wall on his right, his eyes lazily trailing across the horrified looks of the portraits of pompous long dead ancestors, the smirk on his face, the smirk that was sharp and intimidating as a ravenous shark, never once lessening.

Pride…

These people…

Pathetic…

These parasites were sat for centuries perched high above the rest, counting their coins, drinking their spiced wines, weaving their webs across the magical world that fucking catered to them because they were wealthy, because they had the right blood?

A low rasping chuckle that sounded like nails manically scraped along a blackboard escaped from his lips.

CRRRACK

The sound of his index finger snapping under the pressure of his thumb, the dull pain electrifying him into a kind of wicked arousal, his chuckles descending down in pitch – down the stairs to the pits of hell – until it settled into a sinister deep echo that drew terrified subdued wails from the children.

He came to stand by the Raven whose gaze was pointed towards his hands, hands that were no longer masked by enchantment. The scars on his hands were old, so very old. They were grizzly, jagged scars that left no part of the skin unmarked.

Cullaica massaged his broken finger, pushing and pulling, the ache a welcome addition to what was proving to be a splendid night and he turned his gaze to the Otterdahls who were bowed and practically kissing the marble floors.

"You may speak." The Raven said, his voice toneless, emotionless, bereft of warmth and coldness. Bjorn Otterdahl raised his head, his skin pale and sweaty, his eyes shining with terror and confusion and loathing.

"What have we done to offend you, My Lord?" Bjorn Otterdahl's question was desperate, his words said with a pleading wheeze that sounded like a cat in its dying throngs.

"Nothing." The Raven merely answered.

"You have done nothing wrong. You did as asked every time without fail."

"Then why?"

The Raven clenched his hands slightly before he turned it over and stared at his hand for a good long minute and Cullaica broke into an anticipatory grin.

The Raven's hand began to transform into a swirling mass of wispy strands, the density of magic growing even more stifling, the dread exuded reached a crescendo of awfulness. The swirling mass of wispy strands travelled up his arms, the dread gaining a hungry essence to it and the darkness began to feel ravenous.

The women were as bad as the children now, their panic threatened to overwhelm them. "Ple-" the swirling mass of shadowy and grainy wisps shot forward with blinding speed and gripped around the neck of the lady-wife of Otterdahl.

Grandmother or grandaunt Otterdahl fainted moments after Lady-wife Otterdahl began to choke and the children began to wail in earnest, the magic that subdued them all this time no longer able to counter the sheer terror they felt for their mother.

She was pulled up from the ground by her neck until her tippy toes dangled just above the marvellously polished marble floor. She began to swing her feet and he thought it was as if she was dancing. Cullaica brought his arms up and began to sway slightly in line with the way she was dangling her feet.

After all, no one should dance alone. They weren't monsters.

"Choose" the word was said with gentle deadness of tone by the Raven.

The Raven picked up his head and his pale snow-white face bore eyes with grey-white irises that seemed to swim in pitch black seas.

"Choose one of your children to die."

The wails of the children grew in volume and Cullaica sighed fondly as his eyes drooped low. It reminded him of home…sweet, sweet home.

Well…at least at the beginning anyway. Everyone stopped making noises within the first few days of arriving. Towards the end, those noises were all that was there to remind them that they were all still alive.

Bjorn had been engrossed in helplessly staring at his wife, his agonising helplessness had been written across his face but that soon disappeared as he snapped his head towards the Raven in abyssal fear. "Y-You can't! No, no, no, no, no, no!"

The man seemed to lose himself in his despair but he was brought out of it when the sound of a shattering crack echoed in the living room before the body crashed with a thud. It stopped the wails and the man's denials cold.

"Let the next word be a name or all three die."

The shadowy and grainy wisps of manifested pain slithered across the marble floor and split into three tentacles, slowly but surely making their ways towards the children.

The face Bjorn was making was delicious. Oh so delicious.

The despair, the misery, the guilt, the pain.

The hate…

Yes…oh this man hated them.

Good…

Otterdahl now knew a sliver of the hate they bore for the world.

The pain that was their reality.

"Hanna." The name was said with a thick voice, a name said in a way that tortured souls would love to channel into a painting. It would be a masterpiece.

The said girl, the dark haired girl that Cullaica had previously winked at began to wail as her older sister began to move away from her and Cullaica broke out in a gasping laughter that sounded like the stuttering laughter of that of a hyena.

"Papa, please! I don't want to die, please papa, please!" she begged and cried and begged but her father was silent, shamefaced with tears running down his face.

Bjorn Otterdahl did not look to his daughter who called for him instead electing to look away from her like the coward that he was.

The Raven's grainy wisps of magic slithered across towards the dark-haired girl whose wails ran out when she began to understand that no one would come to her defence. Not her siblings, not her father.

"Heir Otterdahl." The Raven called out as the strand of magic began to lick at the face of the youngest girl, the second strand moving over towards the boy of eight and lifted the boy's chin up. "I will spare her if you take her place."

The boy of eight still had his eyes closed and the boy lost control of his bowels. The boy only shook his head fervently as he whimpered, with his eyes still closed, "No…I don't want to die"

Cullaica looked at the dark haired girl who looked at the ground, her hands clenched and sniffling all the while. She stopped making any sounds. She accepted her fate.

Within a blink of an eye, two strands of grainy wisps of magic raced forward and pierced through the hearts of the two older children and Bjorn Otterdahl wailed in agony and attempted to stand.

Cullaica sauntered in a mildly quick pace and swept his foot and tripped up the man who temporarily managed to overcome the constrictive magic that terrorised the family.

"You promised! You monster, you abominable monster!" Bjorn brokenly cried out, his face hugging the cold marble floor. His cries died out in only a few minutes, his near silent mutterings of his children and wife's names were all that remained.

The dark-haired girl was deathly still, her eyes focused on the blood that seeped out from her now-dead siblings.

The Raven stood up from his chair, the soft creak that emanated from the chair akin to the sound of an exploding shell in the midst of a near silent living room.

The Raven placed his finger underneath the six year old child's chin. Cullaica saw her eyes were hazy, almost as glassy as the eyes of her mother and her siblings.

"They never cared for you, child. Your siblings. Your father." The Raven's voice was hypnotic and it sent a shiver down Cullaica's spine, the distant memories of similar hypnotisms pulled to the forefront of his mind.

"You see that now, don't you?" the Raven's voice was enticing, like a cold shower after a steaming hot day under the desert sun.

"Y-y-yes…" the dark-haired girl croaked. "T-t-they w-w-wanted m-me t-to d-die."

"They did." The Raven said soothingly, the back of his scarred hand caressing her cheek. "It's only fair they all die instead, don't you think?" the Raven said gently to her, his other hand going inside his pocket and brought out a knife.

The Raven stood up and brought the dark-haired girl to her feet. He took her hand and gently guided her towards her broken father.

The Raven presented the knife to her. "Let him join the children he loved more than he ever loved you, Hanna." The dark-haired girl mechanically took the knife and stared at her father with glassy eyes.

The Raven turned to Cullaica. "We've waited long enough." The words were like gospel to Cullaica and the grin that grew on his face was terrifying enough that it would make even the most muggle-hating pureblood praying to the Christian god.

"Don't take too long. We have much to accomplish."

Cullaica nodded eagerly much like a child would. He began to walk around and passed the Raven and his little Ravenite and towards the unconscious old woman.

CCRRACK

Another finger broke as he stared hungrily at the collapsed form of the old woman dressed in fine Acromantula silk robes.

He was going to have fun peeling it off of her.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, StormFalcon7 and 73 others
mosefboombox117
May 30, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 21 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Jun 11, 2023
Add bookmark
#337
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 21


29th​ of May, 1971 – Hogwarts, Avalon

Emily POV

"Welcome to this year's Hogwarts Duelling Competition!" the seventh year Hufflepuff announced with cheer, a cheer returned tenfold by the packed crowd in the stands. Row after row was filled by students, by parents and by those fortunate enough to be favoured by Slughorn.

The Quidditch pitch was transformed into a duelling arena about a hundred square metres in area with twice as large an area around it containing rocks, bushes and a small pond.

The students would find themselves able to use whatever they wanted from their surroundings in order to win. It was markedly different to the duelling competitions she'd participated all those years ago and she thought it was for the better.

After all, the best wizards and witches used their surroundings to the best of their abilities.

"Aaaaaaaaaaaand, for the first time in almost five years, Her Majesty the Queen, His Majesty the King have come to watch this year's competitors!" the cheer they received was near riotous and they dutifully waved to the adoring crowd.

It was useful to show themselves once in a while to the public at events like this.

It reminded them of their existence, it reminded them of safety and security they provided amidst the darkness that strangled most of Europe, a darkness that was ravaging the European nobility who supported the Ravenites.

"They love you, Your Graces." Slughorn said with a beaming smile as he clapped just as the others did. "The heart grows fonder with absence as they say" Slughorn chuckled.

Emily eyed the man for a moment as the cheers and claps died down.

The past few years had gone well for the man. You could see it physically too. The man had grown larger since her days at Hogwarts and she could see that he was too indulgent in the prestige and benefits that came with the title 'Headmaster of Hogwarts'.

Still, she couldn't say that the man wasn't still capable. Hogwarts was only third to the Pandrosion and SIMS now, the other eleven Great Schools trailed behind them.

"Then it is best that we stay as absent as possible." Atticus said with a polite smile to Slughorn as they took their seats in their sectioned off area in the top row of the stands.

Emily tapped Atticus leg, a light smile on her face before she turned to address Slughorn "Don't mind my husband, he's grown a humorous side over the years."

Slughorn chuckled before his eyes flittered across the faces of both her and Atticus "Age will do that to you." Slughorn commented with a trailing chuckle though his subtle curiosity was not unhidden. To neither her or Atticus.

They knew full well that their youthfulness was getting more and more noticed. Still looking like they were in their mid to late twenties whilst they were approaching their fiftieth birthdays tended to do that.

"You learn to take things a lot more lighter." Slughorn said as he folded his hands across his large belly, a mild look of fond exasperation on his face.

"Kids these days. They tend to think they're the centre of the world and feel so strongly about everything." Slughorn shook his head.

Atticus smiled before he veered his gaze towards the competitors who would be first up. "That has always been the case" Atticus said to Slughorn. "And it is a good thing too for it is the younger generations to provide the greatest impetus for change."

Slughorn eyed her husband with surprise on his face before he smiled gently, a throaty sound escaping from his mouth "Quite." Slughorn said with a serious nod.

There was a lull for a few moments before she spoke up "Who do you think will qualify for the final rounds?"

Slughorn's eyes lit up and began to enthusiastically detail the competitors.

There were thirty-two students competing for the five spots reserved for Hogwarts students. It wasn't a straight out knockout kind of competition. Not completely.

The scoring criteria looked at creativity and at ingenuity as well.

Those who progressed to the semi-finals would all be automatically through to the inter-school duelling competition where they would be competing against studetns from SIMS, the Pandrosion, Mahoutokoro, Uagadou and a select few others from Ilvermony or Castelobruxo invited to take part of the inter-school competition.

Those who knocked out of the previous rounds today would have a chance to earn the final spot in a straight knockout…the best of the rest.

Slughorn was enthusiastic about a number of students, many of whom were Slytherins and the offspring of her most loyal. Carrow, Shafiq, Malfoy and Ms Black were the best of the Slytherins with only a few challengers from the other Houses.

Amelia Bones of Hufflepuff, Gideon and Fabian Prewett of Gryffindor, Frank Longbottom of Gryffindor and surprisingly Xenophilius Lovegood of Ravenclaw were the best of the other Houses.

Atticus' eyes showed glimmer of interest when Slughorn described Lovegood's strengths in charms and unconventional unpredictability and she sent a note of amusement through their bond and she got back what she could only describe as 'So what' from him that also rang of excitement.

He had a strange fascination with the family and it wasn't hard to notice that he was clearly excited when Pandora begun dating the year-younger boy.

Well it wasn't completely strange.

It wasn't hard to notice that there was something about them that was unique. The Quibbler was startling accurate in many things they wrote about, even foreseeing Illos once you stopped and actually read between the lines of they wrote about.

The family were a family of Seers, that was quite apparent.

…and extremely eccentric. She wondered if it was their eccentricity that enhanced their strange Sight or if it was the other way 'round. Likely it was the other way around. They were all in a way touched by whatever it was.

Every single one of them.

She remembered all too well of that singular truth when she met her first Lovegood decades ago at her first Beltane.

Soon enough the first duels went apace. Most accounted themselves quite well, especially the fourth year – James Ricard – a squibborn orphan who faced Shafiq and lasted nearly ten minutes before he was swept aside.

Given that the competition was to be completed today, round after round, the duellists were cautious and preserved their magic as much as they could.

Of course, this was a risky gambit since all of the duellists were the best amongst the student body. There were some early rounds duels that definitely sapped some after they weren't able to knock them out quickly.

Most of the duellists were capable of at least some wandless magic – there was a Hogwarts class to teach it – and they didn't disappoint as they used it in their duels, often banishing or summoning or even disillusioning themselves or their conjurations.

Though the stand outs through the first and second round were certainly Black, Malfoy and Bones. Longbottom was capable but he was unlucky to face Malfoy in the second round and exited after giving himself a good accounting despite his youth.

Bones had the strength of magic and skill to become a very formidable witch if she honed her magic and her aptitude in battle magicks.

Black, Emily mused to herself as the girl began to walk up to her position in the arena, however…well she was quite something.

Ruthless, fast and efficient, she was a marvel with a wand. It seemed like she has indeed improved over the past few years and the power boost she got from her fourth magical maturity certainly helped.

"And now, in the first match of the Quarter Finals, please give it up for Ms Bellatrix Black and Mr Fabian Prewett!" the young announcer called out and the crowd roared in cheers, feeling that they were soon to witness a fascinating spectacle.

Her eyes fell towards the area in the stands where the Black family were congregated.

The Prewett twins were powerful – probably Sorcerer level once they matured out – but they were disappointing in their scope of magic despite their talent.

Slughorn had said that they were more focused on entertaining and finding new ways of using common – especially prank – spells in their casting.

Which they both certainly did in the previous two rounds.

"It looks like Mr Prewett will take this more seriously." Atticus commented as he watched with interest. Slughorn hummed with a serious nod.

"The Prewett twins have a bit of history with Ms Black." Slughorn said with a grimace. Slughorn noticed her curious look and expanded

"She retaliated quite harshly after one of their pranks in their third years and got worse after Ms Black put Gideon Prewett in the hospital wing after badly harming the boy in a duel in their fourth years. Since then we've avoided pairing them as much as we could." Slughorn said with distaste.

"In truth, I'm quite glad all three are graduating this year…for different reasons of course." Slughorn added before going quiet.

Emily sat back in her chair, mulling over the Headmaster's words whilst the two duellists were priming to start the duel. Her eyes observed the pair below and she could see the agitation in the magic of both though they were different significantly.

Prewett was all agitation, excitement and grim anger whilst Black was significantly darker in her emotions. All fury, all sadistic glee and all excitement stormed within her. It reminded Emily of her younger self.

As soon as the referee commenced the battle to begin, a flurry of spells rippled out of their wands, spells that raced and tore away at the arena in a way that hadn't been done in the previous rounds. Neither were holding back.

Black danced around the spells that could incapacitate her and it was clear to see she loved it. She moved like a viper, her returns sharp and fast, faster than the spells that Prewett flung at her but his defence was still solid enough. For now.

"She's definitely talented." Atticus commented with curiosity.

"She is." Emily agreed. This is the first time that Atticus was physically seeing her fight in any detail. She'd seen her in the junior divisions a few times.

"But she lacks control." Emily added. Whilst she's markedly improved her technique and grown more powerful, she let herself consumed by the battle.

This was something that was apparent even from a young age and…unfortunately…it seemed like it was getting worse, she mused as she watched Black cast progressively darker and darker spells.

There was, not so much as rules against dark magic as there was rules against spells that caused permanent injury.

Over the years, she's gotten most magicks previously classified as dark downgraded in illegalness though there were of course heavy penalties attached to the use of such magicks against civilians or against the police force.

With unwilling blood magic, sacrificial necromancy and other such magicks affecting form, function and free will carrying death sentences.

It also, of course, necessitated having a police force capable of such magicks and understanding it which wasn't a huge problem given that many over the years studied at SIMS before becoming an Auror where it was a requisite to study at least two semesters of the Dark Arts.

Under the watchful gaze of under the Director of the MLE, one of her most loyal and competent people.

In any case, she refocused and lost herself to the haze of the battle as Prewett continued to offer resistance to her barrages.

"Which she will be." Atticus idly stated, looking completely unconcerned. The referee shouted out warnings to Black who seemed to heed enough of it that she stopped casting the more dangerous spells.

"The Illosian Guard will demand it from her."

"That's right" Slughorn perked up, excitement once more filtering through the deep look of concern he previously had as he watched the duel. He'd always been a soft man at heart and duels of this kind unsettled the man.

"The first Avalonian to be accepted into the Illosian Guard." Slughorn remarked before continuing "A prestigious honour. I hear her family was very satisfied with that."

Emily doubted they were satisfied with her choice and her admittance to the Guard. It meant that Bellatrix Black was out of their control…not that she was much in their control anyway.

But she was powerful and promised to be High Sorcerer level which they could have used to project their family's power. And now…well, as an Illosian Guard, her first and foremost duty will be to her and Atticus and Illos.

A factor that was not done without good reason. Atticus had Seen Black in his visions and in the most likely timelines, she was a steadfast and loyal subject to Atticus but mostly to her specifically.

And in the timelines where she was kept at a distance, she grew more and more of a problem that necessitated in her being put away to prison which further broke her down into severe mental imbalance.

A large crash echoed from the arena and turned their attentions once more to the field.

Black had created uprooted one of the larger rocks and crashed it towards Prewett who was now on the back foot after having scrambled out of the way and now was pinned by the vicious barrage of spells Black sent his way.

Yes...she thought.

It would be a waste for Black to go into the dark without blooming to her full potential. Even if she thought it was curious that Black had such a deep…fascination with her.

Which was amusing considering all of the opportunities Black had to speak with her directly, the events and so on, Black never once spoke with her let alone approached her.

Black finally broke Prewett's defences and after launching the boy off of his feet and summoning his wand, the referee declared her as the winner.

The cheers were riotous and Black lapped up as she heaved in and out. Prewett did give her a good challenge. Black clearly turned her gaze towards the top of the stands, to where Emily and Atticus was sitting and bowed deeply towards them.

Atticus stood up and clapped his hands, an act that delighted the young Black. Emily stood up and did the same, an act that made the young Black daughter visibly flush in delighted embarrassment.

"Do I need to be concerned wife?" Atticus said with a mild smile and his words caused Slughorn to choke on air.

Emily raised an eyebrow, a smile dancing on her lips. "Maybe" she said airily with notes of dismissiveness in her tone and Atticus chuckled at it.

She would be lying if she didn't think that Black's magic and her skill wasn't unappealing. There was something magnificent about her dark and chaotic magic. The look on Atticus' face said as much that he knew what she was thinking.

The rest of the duels proved to be not as entertaining as Prewett v. Black had been but nonetheless they were good duels, certainly for their age.

Black, Bones, Malfoy and Gideon Prewett all progressed towards the semifinals, automatically qualifying for the inter-school competition and the final between Bones and Black was another highlight though a little more controlled, and Black ended up winning the Hogwarts competition.

She and Atticus made their way towards the podium where the teachers and the four finalists stood with Black at the front. Both her and Atticus held four medallions in their hands, one gold, one silver and two copper and Atticus, after handing his medallions to Prewett and Bones, began speaking with the two students.

"Congratulations, Heir Malfoy" Emily said as she handed over the medallion to the young Malfoy. The boy bowed deeply from the hips.

"Thank you, Your Grace." The boy said with calm respect before he eyed his medallion, a slight look of displeasure creeping on his face. Becoming third clearly dissatisfied him and it should. Knowing how much his father has invested in the boy's education, he should have been able to beat Bones.

Granted, Bones and Malfoy had been well matched but the young Hufflepuff should not have been able to trick Lucius at the end as well as she did.

His father would likely point that out anyway later today.

Emily turned her gaze towards the young Black girl who seemed to be tense whilst staring at a spot on the ground, unwilling to pick up her gaze.

She had a mane of striking black hair, an angular face – half obscured – with prominent cheekbones that bore all the aristocratic traces of Druella Rosier and that of Cygnus Black. She was a beautiful young woman, worthy of the magic she possessed.

She walked a few steps towards her, the medallion in hand. "Ms Black." Emily said and the girl seemed to stiffen before she, almost mechanically, picked up her head.

Her violet eyes were almost storming and it bore similarities to a cyclone over the Pacific she once watched rage from high above the Earth.

Excitement, trepidation, fear, yearning for approval. Emily almost winced from the assault of powerful emotions. She'd met thousands of people over the decades.

People who hated her. People who loved her. People who feared her. People who trusted her. People who were jealous of her. People who wanted to impress her.

But never someone like Bellatrix Black who seemed to yearn with her entire being for Emily's approval. She was quite sure she did nothing for Black to earn from her such…need.

It was…new.

Useful though, she supposed with an idle thought.

"Your Grace." Bellatrix Black managed to say with a strange quietness in her voice, so different from the imperious and ruthless young woman she'd been throughout the competition.

Emily smiled at the young woman "You have impressed me, Ms Black. You have greatly improved since the last time I saw you." Emily said as she handed over the medallion to Black.

Emily felt Black explode with relief and delight through her magic, it was almost suffocating to feel how much the young girl felt…and how deeply.

"You remember?" Black said with a kind of innocent awe that made Emily feel somewhat uncomfortable.

"I do." Emily said with a smile as she pushed away the discomfort "I am gladdened to see that you've maintained your passion for duelling and magic. It will suit you well once you're at the academy."

Black's smile could have lit up the Great Hall and from what she sensed from Malfoy, incredulousness and confusion, it seemed like it wasn't something normal to see.

"Of course!" Black said quickly before continuing "I do nothing else but to improve! Not after watching your duels countless times and seeing memories of you and the King using magic like no one else!" The cycling emotions emanating from her was disorientating, even more so when a deep sense of mortification took hold of her.

"Your Grace." Black nearly snapped her head down into a bow, her voice nearly quivering as shame began to fill her likely because she thought she spoke wrongly.

"Ms Black." Emily began and the young unstable woman was still tight as a rope under tension "Bellatrix." Emily said, this time gentler and it did the trick as Bellatrix raised her head and stared at Emily with wide eyes.

"I appreciate your candour." Emily said with a faint smile and she felt Bellatrix's tremendous relief as much as she could see it on her face.

The girl's comment about watching memories of her and Atticus did not surprise her one bit. In fact, she preferred it. People had short memories. Even magicals once enough time had passed. Storing memories of their capabilities and passed down generations would do well to make people pause in their plots.

And Emily supposed it would inspire others to try and reach the pinnacle they have set.

"And my husband and I appreciate those talented ones who value self-improvement and it is clear that you will fit into the Illosian Guard well."

Bellatrix smiled once more, her smile struggling to be contained in her face.

"I knew that it was the only real option for me!" Bellatrix enthused. Emily silently thought to herself that Bellatrix could do nearly anything she wanted. Smart, capable and a knack for magic that a fraction of the magical population possessed.

Emily smiled at Bellatrix. Well, who was she to refuse someone who clearly wanted to serve her. "Good." Emily said as she reached out with the medallion and Bellatrix gingerly took the medallion out of Emily's hand before holding it with both her hands as if it was the most precious thing she owned, could ever own.

"The Illosian Guard are the best of the best when it comes to combat magicks." Emily pinned the young woman with a firm but not ungentle look "Learn from them, listen to them and you will find yourself reach heights you did not think possible."

Bellatrix once more cycled through an array of emotions before she settled on fierce determination "I will not let you down, my Queen." She said with her head bowed, her voice laced with reverence and a kind of possessiveness.

It wasn't long after that the guests departed and the students returned to the school leaving behind only a select few teachers, Slughorn, Atticus and a couple of their guards to restore the Quidditch pitch after Atticus had offered to assist.

Too bad one of the teachers was Charlus Potter. He was the Defence Professor, her old teaching position, for the past twelve years. She had to work to keep the disdain off of her face. Disdain that was certainly not all that hidden from his face.

Even after all of these years of peace wasn't enough for the man to get over all that has happened. It was almost as if he was a jilted lover.

Only…if anyone had the right to feel that way, it was certainly Atticus whom the man had consistently betrayed over the decades because of his inability to separate away his so-called morality over what was clearly needed to be done.

It was men like Charlus who were the most infuriating to deal with…men of so called principles who would let the world burn away as long as they kept their hands clean. Men who would rather see her and Atticus dead for pushing the magical world to heights hitherto never seen before simply because he didn't like them personally.

Soon enough, with hers and Atticus' help, the Quidditch pitch was restored.

"Headmaster." Charlus called out and Slughorn turned the man curiously. "I'm going to head back inside." The man said gruffly before he turned on his heel and walked away without once acknowledging her or Atticus.

The two other professors were appalled at the rudeness of Potter and Slughorn looked equally appalled but also concerned. "I apologise about Mr Pott-"

"Don't be Horace." Atticus assured Slughorn with a kind smile

"People are free to their opinions."

'As long as they were opinions' Emily thought, a dark look flashing briefly.

That seemed to settle the man and it wasn't long before Slughorn was escorting them towards the gates. They bid Slughorn goodbye before they walked towards the skymobile which was descending down and that would take them to Morfay station.

The station was heavily warded against any kind of transportation with only a few floo terminals. They could take a portal home but they were in no rush to return.

As the skymobile rose in the air, she turned to Atticus. He was gazing out of the window as his head lay against the back of the seat, a considering look on his face.

"They'll be here in two days." Atticus said suddenly without taking his gaze away from the outside as they travelled over Morfay towards the station.

She knew immediately it was Gaius and the others coming back to Earth from Celestis. They were slated to return this week based on when they departed.

"They're pushing the ship." Atticus turned to her, a warm smile on his face. "They're keen to get home and see their families."

She hummed noncommittally, her finger tapping against her thigh, a tapping that stopped when Atticus placed his hand on top of hers.

She sighed slightly as she felt him caress the back of her hand, care and affection from their bond soothing her soul even more so than his hand did.

A year and longer he would be away.

Tens of thousands of light years where even magic had difficulty reaching.

She regretted not pressing for Quantum Entanglement Communication stations to be created along the path to Celestis, concerns about the Covenant or other aliens discovering them be damned.

"I'll have Pierce notify the families when we return." Emily stated, choosing to reign in her unhappiness about his leaving in three months' time.

Atticus nodded affirmatively and there were a few minutes of silence as the station drew nearer.

"Bellatrix is unbalanced." She commented. Very unbalanced to the point that it was probable she was never going to last a month with the academy.

The girl was all emotion, seesawing emotion that was disturbing in its intensity and how quickly it changed. Atticus hummed before he sighed "She is."

He met her gaze "If she isn't treated, she will continue to get worse."

Emily was silent for a few moments as she eyed him intensely. "You have a cure." She merely stated already knowing that he had it from the way he spoke.

"I do." Atticus confirmed before his hand went into his pocket and a small vial emerged. "She has a severe case of bipolar disorder, one that is made worse by her strong attunement to the Black family magic which is volatile to say the least."

He floated the vial towards her and she grabbed from the air. "That will permanently cure the chemical imbalance in her brain. It won't affect her personality nor her impressions" Atticus paused for a moment as he shot her a look of pleased amusement and she knew that he was hinting towards Bellatrix's irrational devotion.

"But it will stabilise her."

Emily looked at the vial intently before she pocketed it away and Atticus spoke again. "She will be your Parelius, Emily." And she turned to him. His hand rose from atop hers and gently stroked her cheek with the back of his hand.

"Your most devoted…" Atticus smiled wryly "My competition." Before he lost the smile and looked at the vial "And that will secure that devotion forevermore."

She took his hand from her cheek and brought it to her face before she kissed it tenderly. It was a marvellous gift. There were plenty who were loyal to her, devoted even. The Illosian Guards were all but practically willing to die for them.

But Parelius was special. He was absolute in his loyalty to Atticus and his moral compass was virtually non-existent when it came achieving Atticus' and Illos' goals.

Highly capable, powerful and unbreakably loyal of their free will was difficult to find. Not even Rasmussen Lestrange could be trusted with the lion share of their secrets like Parelius could be and was entrusted with.

Even Gaius, Atticus' own former apprentice, raised in Illos, would doubt them if he ever knew the extents of which they were going to secure the magical world.

And now after properly speaking with Bellatrix, she believed Atticus was right. She was going to be her confidante. Her own Parelius.

"Thank you." She said sincerely and affectionately with a fond smile after as she stopped kissing his hand.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

29th​ of May, 1971 – New Norgrost, Illos

Netmuk Forgeback POV

CLANG! CLANG! CLANG! TSHHISSSS! CLANG! CLANG! TSHHISSS!

A hungry smile bloomed on his bearded and aged face as they walked down the Street of the Fourteen Forges, the sounds of hammers striking metal akin to the music of the Gods amidst the dewy morning air and he could hear his people sing that music with their sweet and blood.

It roused the drum of his heart's beat into an electric storm that long ago he thought permanently extinguished.

Smoke billowed from atop of the buildings from chimneys, thick grey and black smoke that churned and blew out before being vanished away mere seconds afterwards by the array of runes on tall spokes that ensured the mountain air remained clean.

Regulations and health concerns!

Their ancestors had been strong and hale working in the heat and in the smoke of the forge. He shook his head. The Illosians were a strange bunch.

He'd happily suck in the smells and taste of burning oak that flamed the forges much like how their ancestors did so long ago. Bah!

In time, they would line entire city streets with forges, craft-houses and factories!

Fotrac chuckled gravelly, his rumbling sound mixing with the clangs and the chimes of metal. Fotrac knew him well and long enough to know what he was yearning for.

Perhaps that was because he too yearned for the same.

"You're too old for that, old maðr. You'd sooner dislocate a disc than be able to beat metal into shape." Fotrac descended in a coarse laugh.

Netmuk eyed his companion.

Fotrac was an old dwarf, almost as old as he. His famous red mane he used skilfully to seduce dwarven maidens was now mostly a scraggly and shallow grey.

There were hints of his former glory, of course, a few orange hairs here and there, traces like there were traces of his old strength and his vigour of life, but they were old dwarves now and did as all old dwarves do. They bickered and they lectured.

"You speak as if you'd fare any better." Netmuk said with a fearsome scowl though there was little bite in it. Fotrac let off a harsh bark of a laugh.

"Aye, aye." Fotrac agreed as his gaze swept across the street, traces of a lingering look of longing apparent on his face. "Lucky rascals." Fotrac grunted.

Yes, Netmuk agreed as he glanced at a young dwarf hammering what seemed to be steel, likely folded several times already and he could feel the yearning within him strengthened.

There was a competition to see who could achieve twelve hundred layers first as Dvalin claimed was the only recognisable True Damascus Steel.

They'd found some deposits in Lebanon of the rare magically conducive iron deposits, the same kind of iron ore their ancestors used to create True Damascus Steel. He rarely wished to be younger, but on days like these…

He wanted to ignore his aching joints and his weary bones and join in with his brethren in striking metal, to forge and craft in the ways of their ancestors.

Fortunately, he was wiser than to do that despite the sight of burning fumes which had an invigorating quality. He quite liked being able to walk without difficulty.

When he reached Valhalla, he'd have all the billets and ingots to strike at.

"Come, you old goat. We're already late."

They'd come back from a trip to Aziza to discuss an Orichalcum bridge with interwoven Baobab branches in its structures. An interesting project. Expensive too.

"What did I tell you about calling me a goat?" Fotrac scowled, his face contorting into a disgusted look as he followed Netmuk's steps. Back in the day, when they were but young dwarven fond of Gaint's ale, they'd been a wild bunch.

There were many a stories and one of them included an eventful night for Netmuk as he slept with a nanny naked.

For the life of him, he still couldn't remember what had happened and ever since then, jokes about him being a goat fucker had stuck through the ages. It might even be true, Netmuk mused with an internal shrug.

The nanny did have some delectable buns.

Of course, none of them liked it when he started to include goats in his insults.

There were many a fights and Netmuk was no weakling. He won them all. Without them being able to defeat him every time he turned the jokes and insults around on them, the jokes lost their appeal to them after that, he darkly chuckled.

Of course, now and again he still made sure to poke at them.

"Ya fucking goat fu…." Fotrac raised his fist angrily as he stopped his retort midway. Fortrac looked comical.

"I'm not too old to beat your bony body black and blue!"

Netmuk barked a laugh. "You couldn't do it back in the day and you sure as Niflheim can't do it now!" Their angry banter continued for a little while, the working young dwarves chuckling and laughing as they overheard chunks of their conversation.

Ah, these were good times indeed and he hoped he'd live long enough to see it grow on their new home.

A new home with cities and towns and villages in virgin lands that would be wholly Dwarven with little restriction on how to tend to the lands, a new Nidavellir, a greater Nidavellir, he thought with delighted glee.

They would become the greatest industrial hub of all of Celestis!

Netmuk caught a sight down the bowels of the merry street and it made his heart warble and his blood that sung cool into fond warmness and pride.

Dozens of little dwarven childes were huddled over by a group of female Dwarves, their minders, entertained and awed as they played with the products of the newly Master Blacksmiths.

He could not remember seeing a Dwarven childe that happy in his entire eighty six years of life. He could not remember seeing so many in one place, at all.

"Ya soft bastard." Fotrac muttered though it was said with a faint smile. Aye, even for old bastards such as them, the sight of their bright future was a warming thing.

How it could not be, after they'd lived such a half-life for centuries?

They'd lived a half-life, one without the warmth and licking fires of the forge, without the runes and enchantments their ancestors mastered and used to craft the greatest works in the whole of the magical world.

A weak people who lost the forge and with it lost the fires of life within their souls.

Childes were born only to replace those who had died merely to ensure they continued their half-lifes and their purposeless roles as bankers.

They were a broken people without a true hearth and home, without the teachings and labour of their ancestors, saved only from extinction by the grace of the great Grerr, the Saviour King.

A people who hid behind their great fortress Bank and followed the path of their most hated enemies, an enemy to whom they lost their homes to, their treasures, their arts and their honour and pride.

They gave it all up for the sake of survival, even the quest to regain their sacred writings by master Crafts-Dwarves from the hands of the thieving Goblins, and instead made do to protect the coins of Wizards within the bowels of their fortress Old Norgrost in Switzerland.

Where they were once envied, feared and respected for their works and their prowess in battle, they became pitied and forgotten, a hollow people with hollow lives with only gold coins to live for.

"Reikdrack, fetch me that bar of Orichalcum!" Netmuk heard bellowed from within one of the Blacksmith shops and his hungry smile deepened to the point that it was akin to a wolf's snarl.

"Never again…" Netmuk growled to himself, his beard flaked with whites and greys shaking as his mouth twisted in angry resolve.

Never again would they allow themselves to be those wretched not-Dwarves who had lost what they were meant to be.

They had no excuse or reason to abandon the forges now or ever.

"Aye…never again." Fotrac agreed with a growl of his own, a youthful fire returning to his old face.

They left the Street of the Fourteen Forges and made their way up-hill towards the towering fortress etched into the side of Norgrost Mountain, the third largest mountain some thirty kilometres away from Celestis Mount along the southern curve of Illos.

The lands around Norgrost Mountain was alike the rest of the Illosian lands near the mountains. Hilly rocky lands with rich green valleys with river streams cutting through them and it was one such river stream New Norgrost town was built by.

It was a worthy home, temporary as it may be.

They passed the Street of Dvalin, the street where the artisans and the Crafts-Dwarves enchanted their works and mastered their craft.

Shops of all kinds inhabited this street, from homeware to braces empowered with one thing or another, and weapons and armour that were improving in quality and power with every passing year as his people feverishly improved their skill.

The shops were few but in time, he knew the street would grow in size as their population grew.

The street was busier than the Street of the Fourteen Forges and it wasn't just Dwarves that dwelled the street. Wizards, witches, Veela, even a few Lycans that he could smell and sense, looked at and purchased goods from the Crafts-Dwarves.

Most of them were Illosian citizens though there were a few that made the trip from abroad or from the other countryships.

"Councillor" a few of his people greeted him, even a few of the Illosian who recognised him from the media, and he returned the greeting gruffly but politely.

A quarter of an hour later, they made it passed the Great Gates of Hammerbeard, gates carved out of mountain rock and that protected the entrance of Norgrost, and his gaze latched onto the curving grey silver metal that towered over the towering gates and fortress.

Norgrost Mountain hugged the grey silver metal like a babe hanging off of a mother's teat and his heart felt like it was going through a complicated somersault.

It was a great reminder, every day, of who they owed their fortunes too.

Netmuk grumbled moodily. That wizard made Netmuk and a great many of his people feel many conflicting things.

If it was the great Dwarven King Grerr who saved them, it was the Wizard King Sayre who helped to revitalised them, the wizard who gifted them what was theirs, the priceless works of Dvalin the great…

The only works that survived the burning of the Goblins once they butchered their ancestor's works and writings before twisting it all for their own.

Fotrac parted from him once they made it inside the fortress and he continued on his way towards his destination, his mind flung back into the past.

He remembered that day eight years ago as if it just happened yesterday, the day that King Sayre had come to their fortress.

The Ravenites and their sycophants had grown brave and dangerous over the years.

Demands of turning over the wealth of their enemies had grown difficult to resist and news of the butchering of magical races in Greece and elsewhere had reached the halls of Norgrost. Their threats could no longer be considered idle.

Even if Norgrost's defensive wards and their defensive mechanisms were second to none. In the end, no fortress could hold against a horde of enemies without allies to call upon. Their history had taught them well to guard against such arrogance.

It was during that turbulent time that King Sayre had come to them with an offer that seemed too good to be true. They'd kept abreast of the situation in the magical world – never would they have allowed themselves to be blindsided by anyone or anything – and they knew the man was dangerous. Beyond dangerous.

His prowess in magic was reminiscent of the great Norse Mages that once roamed the earth and his defeat of Grindelwald was truly worthy of song.

The years afterwards only proved that he was far from simply just an Archmage with too much magical power.

His butchering of the magical world economy was calculated – and it did hurt them very much when he left with his family's gold – and what came afterwards only proved that the man wielded his Sight much like a Dwarf wielded his battle axe.

They were not keen to enter business with such a ruthless wizard, especially when it became known the King and Queen of the wizards had utterly and totally subdued the British Goblins. They had feared the same fate.

They had partied like they had never done before but nevertheless, they feared he would do the same if they agreed to his offers of safety. Wizards were never known to keep to their word. The last honourable wizards were long dead.

Bah!

It was a refusal that they had to reconsider when even those families who were even slightly rumoured to have creature blood were leaving to France or Iberia lest they be exterminated like the Sirens of Macedonia or the Satyrs of Greece.

And when the light Swiss families of so called pristine pureblood heritage were emptying out their gold from the banks, theirs included, and began to flee like rats from a sinking ship, that was when they knew they had to begin talks again.

As the Manager of the Central Bank of the Dwarves, that honour fell to him.

He grumbled, his long beard that touched the bottom of his belly swayed under the act. King Sayre knew how to appeal to him and he had to remind himself during the negotiations that King Sayre was no Dwarf even if he could speak like one.

The wizard offered the Dwarves safety and equality on Illos, to make them citizens equal to mages and the other races, an offer that he'd known would not be offered to them by any of the other Ministries and it was an honest offer made under blood oath in the ancient Dwarven ways.

Whilst he did not know then how the wizard knew of the ancient way, what he did know, then, was that the wizard King had no foul desires to make them submit as he had done to the goblins. He wanted their alliance.

An unbalanced alliance, true, but it was an honest one.

Their steps clanked around them as they walked through the massive hall of Norgrost where dozens of twenty metre tall statues of Dwarven Kings and Princes adorned in brilliant golden armour greeted him. And towering above them all, was the statue of Grerr, the king that saved his people from the brink of extinction.

He spent many days speaking to his advisors, other elder Dwarves who knew the precariousness of their situation and they came to the simple conclusion that it was simply a matter of time that the Ravenites would cast their gaze to their mountain.

Grungotts of Germany had already been destroyed a year prior and the wealth of the bank split amongst the wizards and the Ravenites. Their satisfaction had been grim.

Other banks in Ravenite territory were appeasing them as much as they could…for all the good that it did for any of the non-wizard banks.

And so…

They agreed.

He withheld a laugh.

It was the best investment they have done in centuries!

The Central Bank had never been wholly independent and been tied to the Swiss Wizards for protection for centuries, a fact that continued now in this deal he'd negotiated with the Wizard King but the one thing that had not changed was that his people were only answerable to themselves in Old Norgrost nor would they be forced to accept the wizard King and Queen as their monarchs.

They gained the protection of the most powerful nation and wizard in return for their near permanent alliance with the country-ship and its people.

An innovative people who made more advancement in magic than the rest of the magical world had in decades the previous century. His people could only stand to gain and they had gained in that respect. They gained much.

Ha!

It would be less than a decade before they would see the first dwarves produce new Dwarven magicks.

That alone had been worth tying themselves to the dangerous Wizard King.

Yet that was not what made this agreement the deal of the century, no, that had come after the wizard King brought to their attentions the greatest news they have heard in nearly a millennium.

He had the works of the great Dvalin himself!

A master Crafts-Dwarf whose name was still remembered in children's stories, one of the last great Crafts-Dwarf and blacksmith.

The wizarding King, instead of offering it for their fealty as he expected the wizard to do, had instead offered Dvalin's works to them without any cost or requirement!

'This was always yours. Your legacy and your way home to the forges. I could not demand of you of anything. You are my citizens, my people. I can only ask you rebuild your people as you ought to be' the wizard King said to them.

The cynical part of his mind considered that the wizard must have had it for years and that he had only gifted it to them now that it worth doing so but he also knew that the wizard could have kept it all to himself with them none the wiser.

Bah!

The wizard King was a wily calculated one with the wisdom and cunning of Odin himself and any anger he might have felt had gone away when he held the works of Dvalin in his hands, written in the ancient Dwarven tongue.

Any Dwarf worth his axe would have sacrificed fifty mountains full of gold for what he had held in his hands that day.

"Councillor" the guard by the gleaming silver gate acknowledged with reverence before he tapped the gate three times with the side of his fist.

The silver gate creaked open and he walked through it. It wasn't long before he made it through the chasm of a tunnel towards the hollowed out part of the mountain where a maze of low buildings was revealed within the chasm of the mountain.

From the rocky ceilings, crystalline rocks gleamed and shone illuminating Old Norgrost, the light of the sun reflecting down at the town via their enchantments.

This was where the bulk of their people were. Two thousand strong. And growing.

The town of New Norgrost held about five hundred of their numbers and it was their compromise with the wizard King.

Old Norgrost was hallowed ground and it was too soon for their people to interact completely freely with the peoples of Illos even if they were tolerable.

But, he mused to himself, he doubted it would take very long for his people to grow more comfortable with the wizards of Illos. They were as strange as the wizard King.

Easily accepting of the Dwarves and the other magical races that inhabited the lands and the waters of Illos when so many of their wizard kin would not.

Even their children's books were not immune to such acceptance and adventures of multi-racial children were amongst the most popular stories of the wizard children.

Stories that he knew were also being consumed the little Dwarven childes.

He made it to the Central Hall that stood at the centre of Old Norgrost, where once upon a time would have served as the Bank Management Offices, and passed through the building and its offices where Dwarves were working on a number of projects that they were commissioned to build or create.

With Dvalin's works now in the hands of every Dwarf, his people had gone through an unbelievable metamorphosis, a revitalisation that would be sung by futures generations as eagerly as the songs of Grerr or Helgotir.

They worked feverishly to learn Dvalin's works like the back of their hands, learning and applying the works and even creating new teachings, and as a consequence, their labour and works was highly sought after in the magical world beyond Ravenite Europe.

The Rail Network of Avalon, the Bridge of Heaven in Ame-No-Ukihashi and the Praying Statues of the Vodun in Aziza were amongst the best of their works thus far.

He made it to his office and sat down with a few of his staff.

He was no longer Bank Manager of the Central Bank but he was the Governor of Norgrost, a Councillor of the Council of Magical Races and a sometimes advisor attached to the High Council.

His duties were more stressful than they had been during the latter years as Bank Manager but he liked it despite having much more to do. It all had great purpose.

Projects left right and centre, potential and current, occupied his time along with acting as the representative of his people whilst also governing Norgrost.

The next few hours he spent discussing with his staff about the potential project in Aziza whilst also covering everything from the new homes that would be built to encourage young dwarven to inhabit and create families to discussing political agendas that was on the cards in the Council of Magical Races.

After all of that was finished, he spent another few hours reading through some amendments to old laws that were no longer necessary or were needlessly complicated and by the time he was done, it was already late evening.

He spent the late afternoon with his granddaughter and his great grandchildren, his most preferred way to spend his time. Nagholir, the youngest great grandchild, was already shaping up to be a prodigy in enchantments!

He of course favoured that child though he did not show it. Not too overly.

It was in the middle of dinner with his family that he received an unwelcome message via the magi-com.

What could he want at this hour? He thought with a tired sigh.

"It's late. You can tell the wizard to call on you in the morning tomorrow." Thirim, his fool of an in-law said dismissively. Even the children knew it was a foolish thing to speak so cavalier about the wizard King who had a thousand and one eyes.

His granddaughter Yardesli pinned the fool with a hard look and the fool shut his errant mouth shut. Netmuk did not know why his granddaughter had decided to accept the fool's courtship years ago and he still hated it as much as he did then.

Yardesli turned her gaze to Netmuk "Do you need a ride to the gate?" she asked him, referring to the skymobile parked outside of her home. Yardesli favoured much of Illosian magi-tech, so much so that she was creating versions suited for dwarves.

The skymobile she owned was specifically created for dwarves funded by the gold she'd made herself from her business ventures. Ha!

He did know now why she favoured the fool. The fool was quite adept in running the business side of things and knowing how clever his granddaughter was, she likely thought of that from the moment the fool desperately sought her courtship.

Plus, Netmuk grudgingly thought, it wasn't as if the union was entirely fruitless. He did like his great grandchildren despite their fool of a father.

Netmuk shook his head as he rose from his chair. "No, I will stretch my old bones. I've been sat for too long anyways." He liked to walk. It made him feel less old.

He said his goodbyes to his family and ignored the fool and made his way to the gate that would lead him to a gate nearby the Main Tower.

It was about forty five minutes later that he arrived to the High Council doors and he was let in by the guards that stood post by the doors.

His expression soured and his already irritated mood worsened as he took sight of who was amongst the wizards.

Though…his mood brightened when he thought about the goblin's title and a grin grew on his face which got him an angry sneer from the Goblin Prince.

The ugly rat, Ragnok Gringott. Prince of the Goblin Peoples.

A Prince who no longer held a title to a nation but instead, in all reality, an honorary title that was given in pity than it was out of respect. Bah! And the creatures knew it too, no matter how loyal and happy they appeared to the world.

Netmuk knew that it was only superficial and likely as a result of some kind of binding the wizard King had done to the goblins much like how Merlin had done many centuries ago.

Netmuk would have preferred them all dead.

The goblins were more beast than they were a branch of people.

Even if Merlin went to great pains to humanise them.

They would sell their own mothers for coin if it proved to be more profitable than not to and one day, if they were ever freed as Netmuk thought they might be many years from now, Netmuk knew that the goblins would try to betray the Wizard King who could have easily sent them to extinction.

He would pray to mighty Odin for the opportunity to see it happen with his two eyes.

As foolhardy the Wizard King and his Queen were with trying to civilise the beasts, they were anything but weak should they need to be ruthless.

"Councillor Netmuk" the Wizard King greeted and his attentions returned to the matter at hand. The Wizard King stood with his arms behind his back by his throne with the Queen by his side.

"Wizard King. Witch Queen." Netmuk grunted politely before his gaze veered to the other mages in the room. Chief Representative Doyle, the Spymaster Parkinson and High Councillor Silas Merek were also here. Curious.

Not everyone of the High Council was here, like those crafters Bell and Bishop but the most important ones were.

'Well, at least it is probably not for nothing that I came' Netmuk thought grudgingly as he moved towards a seat at the far end of the table.

Thankfully they got right into it and Wizard King Sayre began to explain about the returning mages from Celestis and his departure in autumn.

Netmuk had listened with rapt attention once the wizard King mentioned Celestis.

Netmuk had been made aware of Celestis system a few years after they arrived on Illos. That the Illosians had the ability to sail the Void as if it were an ocean.

He doubted the wizard's words and it was doubt that fled from him like the putrid smells of rot from a Draugar when he'd set foot on the world of Mars through a gate.

He could never forget the feeling of that world nor could he forget the awe he felt when a huge ship, Gradus, descended down towards them.

The magic in the environment of Mars was so much lesser than that of Earth, and he had thought that the world had earned its associations with war and death for it was as dead as a Draugar.

He knew the treacherous goblins were just as reluctant to leave the Earth but the promise of the Wizard King that the new worlds were or would be richer in magic than even Earth was what made both of their kinds agree.

Not that they had much room to really disagree.

For all of the wizard King's charisma and fairness, no one was under the illusion that he and his wife could not make them agree.

The binds the wizard had on the monstrous goblins and the Geas that were in place to prevent anyone speaking out about Celestis were proof enough of that.

Netmuk grunted. At least the Folóï Centaurs confirmed, in their own wishy washy ways, that it was to be a place that magicals could have only dreamed about before.

"The Merpeople have agreed to accompany me to our future home. As have the Centaurs. The Grecians and the British." The wizard King informed them once he finished explaining and Netmuk immediately knew what this meeting was about.

And the wizard King said as much "I would like both of your peoples to send a few, perhaps half a dozen to a dozen, with me to see the progress we are making."

Netmuk narrowed his eyes whilst the rat spoke up "King Sayre…whilst my people would be honoured to join this expedition" the rat paused in his words momentarily before he spoke again

"I do not see the reason why we should go"

Netmuk grunted annoyed and it drew the attentions of the rat – along with everyone else's. "You do not see the reason? I knew you goblins we-" Netmuk stopped before he threw in an insult and took a deep breath. Foul goblins! He let go of the breath.

The wizard King and Queen had shown their displeasure once when he got into a spat with the rat or that Gobchoke. They did not like the animosity to creep into their halls at all. That one time was enough for him to resist the near impossible.

"The reason" Netmuk ground out with forced calm as he addressed the rat "Is straightforward." Netmuk turned to the wizard King who had an expectant look on his face.

"You want us there for more than just to see progress. You want us there for political reasons."

The wizard King and Queen did not need them at all and he doubted they truly needed the Illosians either. There was nothing the Illosians created that wouldn't have had the touch of the King or Queen.

No…Netmuk believed the wizard King and Queen were driven by desires. Desires for a unified magical world, desires of a unified people of multiple races and beings.

That had been his measure of the wizard King when he'd met with the wizard again before agreeing and it was his measure now.

The wizard King and the witch Queen wanted a strong unified magical world and worked towards it even so far as going against their own kind for the sake of those that, for generations, were considered to be lesser by their kind.

"We do." The wizard King said with a faint smile as he leaned back slightly against his throne. "When we move to Celestis, I want it to be more than just wizards moving the magical world to Celestis."

"A cooperation of peoples." The rat muttered.

Netmuk was highly amused by the choice words of the rat and the irony of it all. A cooperation of peoples except for the goblins who were very much acting at the whims of the wizards. A fitting sentence to a race of uncivilised monsters.

Of course he did not voice such truths. "I see." Netmuk said with a slight nod. It was at least a noble sentiment. The wizards had explained – and the Folóï Centaurs alluded to it – that Exposure of the magical world to the humans was inevitable.

He had difficulty believing it at first but he'd seen enough of the human world to know that it was grudgingly possible. They'd even set a human on the moon only a few years before. They were catching up to the wizards and with their numbers…

Yes, conflict was perhaps inevitable given how similar the humans were to wizards.

"What of the Veela and the others?" There were after all another three magical races on the Council of Magical Races beyond the centaurs, merpeople, dwarves and the rats in the form of the Sirens, the illusive Drow and the long thought extinct Wood Nymphs.

Both the Drow and Nymphs were few in numbers, fewer than even his people. The Drow had found sanctuary in the far reaches of Siberia after being chased out of their forests in Anatolia many centuries ago. The Wood Nymphs had a similar story.

"The Veela have integrated within Illosian society, just as the Sirens have. Their representatives know of Celestis and have waived any distinction between themselves and the wizards of Illos." The witch Queen said before she continued

"And the other races are only here to assess Illos for the present and until they decide to join completely, they will be kept at arm's length."

"Very well." Netmuk said after a few moments of silence before he eyed the wizard King with a sharp look. He had not had an opportunity to broach the topic but this was as good as any.

"And should my representatives find one of the Moons to be most suitable for my people?"

The planetary system they'd be moving to had a number of worlds and moons that were being terra-formed, and from what he understood, a kind of magic that could transform worlds like one would encourage growth of a garden.

The main one, Celestis, would be where Illos would settle and where most of the magical world would eventually move to with the exception of perhaps Aziza and Ame-No-Ukihashi.

But that still left a number of moons and worlds that could be settled and Netmuk wanted one of those worlds for his people.

And after seeing the greedy goblin's eyes, it was obvious they wanted one for themselves too. Good. At least then the magical world could confine them to hopefully a cold and dreary desert of a world. Out of sight, out of mind.

"Then you will have the opportunity to settle it." The Queen stated easily though her gaze pinned Netmuk "There will be a price however."

Netmuk suppressed a scowl before he sharply nodded and his back straightened.

"Of course." He said with a blank expression, the decades long experience of being a Bank Manager coming to the forefront.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Slipspace

Gaiu Volusenus Hardy POV

The changing patterns of the complex magnetic fields flowed like the ebbing and flowing of water by the shores, and Gaius could imagine the rush of water, the rolls land crashing of water as he looked at these projections that represented the health of slipspace.

There was a parallel between the vast distances of space to that of the vastness that the oceans seemed like…once upon a time.

Would their people one day think nothing of it?

As something common and merely a part of life like travelling on the sea or through the air was? He knew the answer was yes, Gaius thought to himself as he leaned back against the backless bench in the observation wing of the ship.

People had the greatest capacity to accept change over time. To not even consider it as unusual once enough time had passed. He'd seen it enough over his lifetime…a lifetime where he'd seen so much already.

"Here again?" he heard the familiar voice of the man who commanded the ship.

"As always." Gaius answered easily without turning around. Tirtayasa walked around and sat next to him. For a good while, neither of them said anything.

They had an understanding of sorts, an understanding granted to them by way of their responsibilities. Tirtayasa, of this ship and their people, and Gaius of the mission to prime Celestis granted by their King and his mentor.

There was a kind of loneliness in command, one that was alleviated by having capable people – as they both had – that could be trusted – which they also both had - but even so, the hard choices fell on them, the weight of responsibility, a weight that consisted of the hopes and future of their people and magic as a whole, was not something that could easily be spread across the shoulders of their subordinates and in truth…

They would have been unsuited for the positions they were in had they been so easily willing to do so. They sat in silence for quite some time before either one of them spoke, both simply watching the flowing curtains of magnetic fields that ebbed and flowed and ebbed and flowed. It was peaceful.

And it was also coming to an end soon now that they were only days from home to their people. Gaius was looking forward to seeing his mother and his siblings.

And his mentor.

"Do you know why I accepted this position despite it taking away from my family for years at a time?" Tirtayasa spoke up and Gaius looked at him curiously prompting Tirtayasa to continue.

A small smile crept on his face as he stared at the beautiful undulating curtains.

"My ancestors, and the ancestors of all Indonesians, have a rich history of seafaring. Sturdy ships that navigated through storms and weathered the fury of the seas, hardy people who explored deep oceans with bravery and curiosity in their hearts."

Tirtayasa stopped and hummed softly "In a way, I am connecting to my ancestors by being out here." Both allowed his words to settle in before Gaius spoke up.

"You were orphaned young weren't you?" The story of the Fisbililah family was well known by nature of their remarkable rise in influence, not only magically or techno-magically but also culturally.

Them being squibs at birth added to the meritorious appeal of the couple, one that was already enhanced by their orphan status. Two sides of the same coin of the 'ideal Illosian couple' the media had taken to call them.

Science and culture going hand in hand. Knowing the man as Gaius did, he didn't think the man would have appreciated the celebrity status he and his wife gained.

"I was. My parents died in the revolution back in Indonesia." Tirtayasa confirmed before he smiled with a pained grimace "I doubt I would have remembered them as well as I do without Occlumency and my children…" Tirtayasa shook his head.

Knowing how close they were back to their families, it was natural for anyone to think of their families…even a stoic man like Tirtayasa. "Do you regret it?"

Tirtayasa seemed to mull the words over. "Yes and no. Leaning mostly towards yes." He finally said and Gaius eyed him curiously and Tirtayasa expanded "I'm missing much of my children's childhood. Time we will never get back. When I left, they were only four years old." There was note of regret in his voice.

They were ten now and already enrolled at the Pandrosion most likely.

"No because of much this means to me and how much it will mean to my family many years from now." Tirtayasa continued and Gaius understood. Anyone working in the Celestis system would have their family names etched into history.

The Fisbillilah family name even more so as the first captain of the first interstellar ship. "I know how it sounds…that I am willing to stay away most of my children's childhood for things as vague as residual ancestral calling and prestige for my children and their descendants but…"

"I understand" Gaius said assuredly and truly, he did understand.

Well, not the ancestral calling bit but a calling…yes.

He hadn't known it at the time of his youth, before his apprenticeship with His Majesty, but there was always that call in the back of his mind.

A call to make something of himself, become noteworthy, to change the world in a way that is defined by his own contributions, his own hands and mind and sweat.

To become great.

His indecision to take a direction had stemmed from this unknown calling, this drive to become great as so many others were becoming in their own way.

William Bell, Walter Bishop, Ben Woodman, Coby Slynt and other dozens of pioneers who were paving the way in their fields. He wanted to be like them, better than them, he wanted to leave a greater legacy than them.

"A venture into the nothingness to light the way forward for others following in your footsteps." Gaius said quietly remembering some of the things his mentor once told him. 'The scope of greatness is as vast as the universe itself' echoed in his mind.

Tirtayasa hummed agreeably "Quite."

They remained silent for the next hour or so, silently watching the flowing curtains that laid behind a panel of transparent aluminium until he was once more left alone physically and with his thoughts.

Atticus had taught him that the scope of greatness was as vast as the universe itself.

Could a man or woman who raised their children in such a way that led them, later in life, to change the world be constituted as great in their own way?

'I also believe one ought to differentiate between greatness of achievement and greatness of personality' Atticus had quoted Freud's words to lead him towards a certain line of thinking, a line of thinking that had stuck with him years after.

Atticus had wanted him to understand that there were different ways to leave behind a legacy. That to leave a mark did not have to mean to slave away trying to invent the next great miraculous finding in the fields of magic or science.

In a way, he understood his mentor more now after six years in Celestis.

Atticus achieved a great many things, more than anyone else has done in history save perhaps Merlin but even Merlin paled in comparison to his mentor.

And yet, it was not because of his inventions or his research that would leave the greater legacy, no, it would be his leadership, his creation of Illos that paved the way for the magical world to rush forward into the future that would prove to be the single greatest legacy any magical would or could leave behind.

And Gaius' work in Celestis was the same.

More than his own contributions, it would be his leadership to make the planets habitable that would be his legacy for the magical world.

And Gaius was satisfied with that.

He left the observatory hours later and proceeded to walk through the ship in a sedate pace onto the walkway that would lead him to his quarters, deciding not to take advantage from the Hub-Ports that would teleport him straight to the quarters-deck.

Gradus was a marvel of a ship, the first of a line of ship class.

Completed in 1962 after two years of construction within the fifteen kilometres long Moeniae Assembly Complex in the underground aft section of Illos, it was the perfect fusion of magi-tech and Ancient Human technology.

It fashioned as a command station, a mobile factory that could churn out mining drones and replacement parts all at the same time as functioning as a military ship.

Its crystalline computer system was highly magical and intuitively attuned to magicals, so much so that experienced officers could work in a synergetic way with their stations allowing them to work closer at the speed of thought than not.

And he expected such efficiency and speed to only improve once neural and magical interface control systems like the captain's chair became standardised in later generation of Gradus class ships and other classes.

Perhaps there would be a new Algorithm like the Mahameru PA too, though more along the lines of artificial magical intelligence, to assist in further improving automation and reaction speed.

Though as much as Gradus incorporated the best and newest magi-tech – at the time of launch anyway – it was the technological that Gaius thought won out.

The hull and interior was made from Adamantite-Nickel alloy A-N-C and it was by far the hardest, the most shear resistant and most heat resistant metal alloy created.

Only Mithril or enchanted alchemic metal could rival it but unlike them, the alloy could be created non-magically and in huge quantities.

The A-N-C alloy had subatomic particles made up of forty-four protons and fifty-six neutrons within the atomic nucleus and the atomic structure of the alloy was such that it was twice as dense as Osmium.

It was also molecularly strengthened even further via heat treatment and gravitic manipulation – which super-hardened the alloy – to produce a near unrivalled non-magical metal with mechanical properties that surpassed the stated properties of Neutronium that they discovered within the data files of the Ancient Human Scout-ship.

He eyes glanced at the walls of the ship.

The gravitic manipulation was done at fifteen hundred g's during the age hardening process and it induced extreme internal tension in the crystalline matrix and it made it near impossible to damage even with hours of exposure to plasma at over eight thousand degrees Celsius and lasting for minutes when subjected to weaponised cold plasma could run into the tens of thousands of degrees Celsius.

And despite the density of the alloy, the A-N-C plates only weighed a fraction of what should weigh based on the density of the elements.

Beneath the skin of the interior and beneath the skin of the outer layers of the hull, there were tens of thousands of runic schemes that made this half-a-kilometre long ship, an already near indestructible ship, into an actual practically indestructible fortress that could fly like a fighter if it needed to.

So much so that it was quite likely that it could potentially shrug off Forerunner and Ancient Human Heavy Cruisers weapon's fire long enough to escape to safety.

Gaius wasn't as confident as the Magineers were about their chances against those two ancient peoples.

They successfully tested the en-runed hull plating against antimatter infused streams of concentrated explosive particles, one of the more commonly used type of particle weapon the Ancient Humans and the Forerunners used on their cruiser and destroyer class ships, but they did not know the thickness nor the rate of anti-mass flow of the anti-matter streams, a factor that was shown to exponentially increase the damage from the weapons.

Even runes would eventually wear off under the assault and even this alloy would wilt and be annihilated against such weaponry.

Still, it was doubtful they would face such weaponry anyway given that both races were dead and in time they would improve especially given the kinds of projects and research that being conducted as they deciphered and began to understand more of the science and technology of the Ancient Humans – with the help of the Seelie and Alice.

And if energy field science improved as much as material science was expected to improve, it would be quite possible that hull plating wouldn't even be necessary.

The Gradus employed Hard Light technology, also known as boson-photon field, as its primary source of shielding that surrounded the ship in a perfect bubble once activated through an interplay of coherent high-energy light and gas particles.

In the Void, this would have been impossible to generate if it had not been for Magnus', his brother, brilliant runic scheme that transported highly structured and perfectly arranged gas molecules around the ship that the hard light shield would interact with within eighteen picoseconds and it ensured the gas molecules didn't have time to disperse from the required arrangement.

With a large scale cold fusion reactor, one of three Antiox cold fusion reactors on board, specifically just powering the shield matrix, the shields were resilient to all kinds of weapons fire, including annihilating weaponry.

For a time.

Still, the Gradus was a mighty ship that used everything they had been able to reverse-engineer and understand from the Scout-ship and Gaius had little doubt the ships that succeeded the Gradus would be truly be marvels.

He made it to his quarters and hardly left it over the course of the next few days as anticipation became palpable amongst the crew though once they were out of slipspace and by Jupiter, he'd chosen to be on the bridge next to Tirtayasa.

They'd already sent back communication to Illos about ten hours ago that they were returning and did so again once they dropped out of slipspace.

"Is it unfair to think that Gibridis pales in comparison to Jupiter?" Tirtayasa commented idly. Gibridis was the gas giant in the Celestis system, a gas giant that was about two thirds the size of Jupiter with similar colourings as that of Saturn only its blues overpowered the yellows in its atmosphere.

"Yes" Gaius said with a small smile as Tirtayasa turned to him with a raised eyebrow

"Gibridis has its appeals. It's smaller yes but it is also vibrant in its colours. It does not host as many moons as Jupiter does but it does boast eight moons larger than Ganymede with some nearing or at the size of Mars."

"Jupiter may be more impressive, in both role and in appearance, but it is Gibridis that bears the true treasure in its bosom." Tirtayasa wasn't the only person keenly listening to his words as he could feel the rest of the crew's gaze on him from all directions.

"The intense gravitational interactions between Gibridis and the moons has allowed five of the eight moons to have liquid cores and consequently enough atmosphere to make terraforming them easier and less of hassle to make them sustain life. At best only one or two moons could be said to be terraformed anywhere near as successfully or easily." Gaius turned to Jupiter.

"In that, Gibridis is a nurturer, a saint that watered the earth waiting for us to plant the seeds for beautiful gardens and for those reasons Gibridis will be loved more than Jupiter ever was by the magical community."

A minute of silence reigned before Tirtayasa broke it by chuckling, an impressed albeit curious smile on his face. "I stand corrected."

The next hour and minutes after that was more quiet once they deployed their refractive shields that functioned much like an invisibility charm.

The mundanes were getting improving with technology and the last thing they wanted was for them to sight of their ship however improbable it was.

The mundanes were already violently off-tilt anyway with the cold-war in its full throes and seeing what they might come to conclude as extra-terrestrials would not create an environment that the Earth needed even slightly.

That was the same reason why they were heading towards the dark side of the Moon instead of making their way towards the Earth.

Surprisingly it took a significant magical energy to maintain an invisibility bubble wide enough to encapsulate Gradus which was also a research topic as they tried to veer away from utilising magical batteries and instead developing ultra-efficient harvesters of ambient magic from the Void.

They made to the dark side of the Moon and moved to an incredibly slow approach, less than 5 metres per second in a direct vector to the surface though it concerned none of the bridge crew.

Moments before they looked to crash into the surface, they passed through an illusion which revealed a deep crater, one and a half kilometres deep, with a giant ring a kilometre wide at the very basin of the crater.

The pilot sent a signal to the gate and the runes on the gate sprang alive before the inside diameter of the ring changed from showing them the bottom of the crater to a complex on the other side.

The Docking Complex was huge, some twenty kilometres in radius, and was adjacent to where the Moeniae Assembly Complex was. It boasted sprawling mechanical arms and, from the look of things, new ships with one in particular that seemed even larger than the Gradus.

It took less than five minutes for them to clear through to the other side and once they were through, Tirtayasa spoke up "Well done everyone. We've made it home."

The bridge crew descended into a raucous cheer as the ship paired with the automated docking computer system as they moved through the docking complex and Gaius couldn't help but also smile happily.

The welcome from the engineers working in the Docking Complex was warm and triumphant when they disembarked off of the ship and Woodman, the Operations Director of both Complexes and typically surly and particularly foul-mouthed, was there personally too and was very uncharacteristically polite and even…happy.

"Your families and friends are waiting on you at the Port." Woodman explained to the crew as they walked towards the direction of the only gate in and out.

Their families and friends – except those who directly worked on projects related to Celestis and the Scout-ship or those in high political places – were ignorant of their mission in the Void and thus as far as they knew they were on a multi-year long expedition to find Atlantis and other rumoured sister cities in the seas.

The reason for their multi-year absence – and limited communication – was because of the threat of the Ravenites and the ICW and with the memory of the almost-war with the ICW still fresh in the minds of their people, it was a cover that most accepted.

"And Their Graces?" Tirtayasa questioned.

"They decided to speak to you, the crew and the other personnel after you've seen your families." Woodman explained and Gaius could see a look of relief on Tirtayasa's face. He didn't blame him. He also wanted to simply see his family and spend some time with them after so many years of absence.

They passed through the gate to Belva Hallos and he could see hundreds of people who cheered and cried as they came out of the gate one by one.

The stoic and professional crew wilted with the sight of their families and the crew almost ran into the arms of their families, tears and laughs of joy were not spared.

And for him…

Well, he just about spotted his mother running towards him before she engulfed into a bone-crushing hug "Oh Gaius, my boy, oh Gaius" she cried again and again as her hands roved across his upper body as if she was trying to see if he was real.

He did not mind one single bit as he melted into his mother's embrace. "Mother." Gaius said with a warm and emotional sigh which made mother only cry ever so more.

"Should be ashamed of yourself, brother of mine. Making mother cry." He heard the familiar voice of his brother and Gaius couldn't help but let a happy laugh rip from his mouth as his mother finally ceased in trying to hug him to death.

He looked up from the crook of his mother's neck and saw Fortie grinning madly at him, a grin that was wiped away when his sister Emilia smacked Fortie's head.

"He's barely back and you're already making jokes" Emilia said with a growl before she turned to Gaius, her scowl fading away and a happy beaming smile making an appearance instead "Welcome back, Gaius" she said warmly.

"Thank you Lia." Gaius said just as warmly before his gaze looked around and saw the rest of his siblings. Livia, Magnus, everyone was here and it wasn't long before he was engulfed by a swarm of bodies into a great big hug.

And he didn't mind.

Not one single bit.

After all…

He was home.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 77 others
mosefboombox117
Jun 11, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 22 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Jun 24, 2023
Add bookmark
#341
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 22

23rd​ of August, 1971 – Celestis City, Illos

Gaius POV

"Good Afternoon.

This is the midday IBC One World Service News and I am Lara O'Hara.

The finalising of the Western Pact between France, Spain, Portugal and the Benelux countries at the Paris Conference yesterday was well received by members of the Grand Alliance.

Minister Prince of Avalon called it 'A welcome and much needed treaty that would go a long way in securing global world peace'.

A statement echoed by officials from Aziza and Illos.

The Pact – an historic alliance with a mandate to share economic, intelligence and defensive resources in unbound scope and detail – was signed in Paris yesterday after a week of late round negotiations that many had feared would result in breakdown of talks.

A French official named Oliver Chiraq had commented to the press that 'The Pact was a necessity as fundamental as food' and that he was relieved that it was signed.

However, critics claim that the Pact was signed far too late. The former Mugwump for Portugal, De Souza claimed that it would take years until the new organisations that would spring from the Pact were anywhere near ready…"

Gaius heard the door to the house open, breaking him from watching and listening to the news, the sounds of running water once more filling his ears.

He closed the running water and waved his finger at the wet basil leaves instantly vanishing the water before he sent a pulse of magic to see who exactly it was.

He recognised his mother's magical signature and turned towards the kitchen stand where there was an assortment of cut vegetables and a bowl of spices and oils marinating several cuts of salmon.

"Ah!" His mother exclaimed somewhat surprised "You've started without me." She remarked as she made beeline towards the sink.

"Figured you might be running late." Gaius remarked as his mother made her way to the kitchen stand. He eyed her "Was it Zacharias again?"

His mother's smile was brittle as she took hold of one of the knives and started cutting. With all of her children adults and moved out, she'd taken cookery as a hobby to pass the time, specifically cooking without using magic.

She'd been inspired to do so by the hit show Cookery's Coven – apparently many in her friend circle had taken to it as well – and she loved it.

"Yes." She sighed. "I worry for that boy. He's very emotional and doesn't seem to be able to take to Occlumency at all." She said as she placed the cut slices into a large bowl.

"His foster parents don't know how to reach him and he doesn't open up to me – besides shouting at me – so I'm really at an impasse." She said with disappointment.

Gaius placed his hand on his mother's shoulder with tenderness before he squeezed gently. "You're doing what you can, mother." He said gently "And the only thing you can do is be there for him if he ever decides to open up." He knew his mother wouldn't give it up until she was made to.

He was tempted to pull a few strings but he respected his mother too much to interfere in her work like that. She smiled at him gratefully before she straightened up a little. "Enough about work!" she said cheerfully before she peered at the onions he'd cut.

She tutted "That's too coarse." She flicked a finger and the onions reformed. "It needs to be finer" she said. She took an onion and started cutting "Like this."

It was a thin membrane of onion and Gaius looked at her with a wry smile on his face "I'm not going to be able to do that without magic."

"Nonsense!" his mother huffed. She checked the time on the magi-com on her wrist "We've got plenty of time for you to learn." She said with a beaming smile.

Gaius smiled weakly at his mother "Alright." He said mentally consigning himself to it. About an hour later, after they'd cooked lunch and were finishing up lunch, the news cycled back to the Western Alliance which they'd let play in the background.

"I'm glad they finally agreed to it." His mother said happily as the Holo Screen that was on low volume continued to speak in the background.

The news had moved away from the Western Alliance topic, briefly covering the return mission to Atlantis – the news of the King leaving for more than year hadn't quite made it out to the public yet – before once more returning to the topic of the Pact as 'analysts' discussed what it would mean for the magical world.

His mother's pleased expression turned into a frown "Though it would have not been needed if they just set aside their pride and joined us in our own alliance." She shook her head "But you know how the French are." She said flippantly before she continued to stab at her baked aubergines.

"The French have their reasons." Gaius commented absentmindedly, his gaze set on the Holo Screen. It was showing a highlight reel of French and Dutch reports about the crimes committed by the Ravenites in Northern Europe.

Crimes that in no certain terms captured the full scale of the evil that the Ravenites were committing. He had top level security clearance and he was allowed access to some information so he knew some of the evil the Ravenites were committing.

Mass executions were common place and blood and nobility protected no one. Children were kidnapped and indoctrinated. Thousands of wizards were being trained for war with activities around the Ottoman, Persian and Chinese borders at an all-time high. And that wasn't the worst of it either. Several high profile opponents in Italy, Switzerland, China and the Netherlands were assassinated.

They were gearing up for war and bringing an end to this façade of a peace.

The Dutch were the main drivers in getting the Western Alliance over the line, forcing the French to get over their apprehension of this Pact lest they go to the Grand Alliance and request protection like the Slovenians and the Croatians had done.

The ICW unsurprisingly supported the Western Alliance according to Parkinson even if it was through unofficial channels. Diplomatic ties were still strained with most nations.

The ICW, however inconsequential it was now when it came to fostering and enforcing international cooperation, especially after nearly every powerful nation had withdrawn from the organisation save for the Chinese and Italians, was still a powerful player with thousands of battlemages drawn from the ICW Protectorate states and other dependant Ministries like those in Northern Africa.

Such a large army, an army led by Commander General Li Lei, the Chinese Archmage, was not to be taken lightly, even if they were substantially weaker than they were years ago.

A power that even the Ravenites were careful not to provoke into war before they were ready even if they held enormous sway of the Swiss Ministry and the remaining Swiss nationals, people who were not sensible enough to leave when the others did.

The ICW base there, once meant to be another supposed bastion of international magical cooperation, was heavily defended. A foothold for when the war started.

For there was little doubt…it was coming. Perhaps within the year.

Once lunch was over, Gaius went to the groceries to replenish his mother's stores of vegetables and fruits. He'd be running late but only slightly.

He disapparated with a quiet pop at the dis/apparation point and Gaius strolled quietly through the Augury borough, one of the more bustling second ring boroughs that neighboured the physical bridge connecting it to the inner city.

The Augury borough was one of the few boroughs that didn't have a hard light skylane to connect to so travel was mostly done through the Gate network or via apparation points which were on every city block.

It supposedly gave the borough a 'cool air' according to his sister and caused it to be a popular place for a certain demographic. It was known as a hub for artists and many of the buildings distinctly reflected that, like the house in front of him. It resembled much like a Hexagonal prism in shape with windows that were of the same theme.

Years ago, before he left, the Council of Representatives approved a bill that relaxed building codes with some parts of Celestis City more or less granting major creative freedom to do what people wanted. Like this outlandish home though it was extreme even if there were a number of other homes around these parts that caught the eye.

Fortunately, most of Illos were moderate in their choice of building and home styles, electing on variations of a theme more alike to the oldest homes and apartments in the city. Of course that was only on the outside.

Inside…well…he'd been to enough of his childhood friends' homes to know that some people really could take it a little too far.

Still, he mused as he looked around the buildings and towards the busy market teeming with people as he neared his destination. Fascinating works of paintings and moving sculptures that could interact with people lined the market.

Clothing, enchanted jewellery and other such artisan products were also sold here. Some native, most inspired by magical cultures of all around the world. People all over Illos, even people from Aziza, Ame-No-Ukihashi and Avalon, came here according to his sister and he could that rang true.

It all was quite something.

To see and note all of the changes that has happened in only the six and some years that he'd left Illos. Not just the buildings or the cultural diffusion either.

Over the past three months, he had seen how much the city had grown over the six years, even surpassing the growth rate it enjoyed in his youth and early adulthood.

Refugee communities and migrants that had come from the wider magical world had brought many new ideas, styles and food – the delicious Mahi-Mahi dish from the Polynesian restaurant Gaius took him to came to mind – all of which had brought about a kind of renaissance of Illosian magical culture, a renaissance he now realised he saw beginning to stir before he left and taken off like an enchanted frictionless spaceship since. And it wasn't just magical culture that was racing away.

And all of it showed little sign that it was ever going to slow down.

He walked into The Noble Clarke, a bar named after a war hero, and searched for his siblings. The place was busy for a Tuesday afternoon. He found his siblings when Magnus shouted out for him from the second floor and he made his way to them.

"The prodigal son has finally arrived!" Magnus said in a pompous – and loud – voice. It drew a few looks from the people inside the bar but other than a lingering look, they didn't really pay much attention to Gaius. Gaius gave Magnus a look which only amused his brother even further and he could exactly see what Magnus was thinking.

Magnus was one of only three in their family to really know what he was doing for the past six years. Magnus delighted in that fact and he also found it highly amusing that their return from the 'Atlantis' mission was practically forgotten by the media and people within a month of his return.

He rarely got stopped in the street now three months later.

"Took you long enough" Livia said in tongue-in-cheek as she handed over a pint of lager to him after he sat down. He tasted and let off a pleased sigh. It was his favourite brand. He wouldn't forget to bring a case or four with him this time.

"Had a few errands to run for mother." Gaius explained after taking a sip of his lager.

Livia groaned "Did she ask you to go to the groceries?" she asked knowingly. "She just refuses to get a shopping dial!" she said with a weary sigh.

Gaius shrugged and gave his sister a half smile.

"She did but it was fine. It was nice speaking with Mrs Merrystone anyway." She was the hedge-witch that ran the local grocery shop in their neighbourhood. She often gave them sweets whenever they came by to do the shopping with or for mother when they'd been younger.

Besides, he was pretty sure the reason why she refuses to get a shopping dial was because it gave her the excuse – not that she needed it – to see people she'd known for decades. The shopping dial did remove much of that interaction with people.

"Anyway" Gaius said with a dismissive wave of the hand "Let's talk about something else." He said before leaning forward, a childlike conspiratorial look on his face "I read a post on Questing Direct about a sequel to a certain game. A sequel to game we painstakingly but enjoyably spent many hours to overcome."

"Oh?" Livia mused in a quizzical way but she couldn't hide the teasing smile on her face. Livia was a senior technical developer at Disguised Reality, one of the foremost game publishers in the magical world – and was the publisher of Missions for Tara.

"No…" Magnus said trailed off excitably as an equally childlike glee took hold of him. "Oh Liv, you've got to spill the magic beans!"

"I have no idea what you mean." Livia said with an infuriating smile that made Gaius chuckle and Magnus to groan.

"Oh come on, Liv. You owe me for that favour I did for you with the apartment." Magnus pressed "You don't have to say it out loud, just a wink will do if it's true!"

Livia reared back as if she was struck "favour?" she parroted almost offended before she squinted her eyes "What favour?" she asked suspiciously.

"Are you talking about that time you helped me install the holo-screen replacement? A replacement for the screen you broke?" Livia asked with a disbelieving note in her voice.

"I wondered when you replaced your old screen. You were proud to buy it with your first pay check." Gaius commented. Livia hardly ever really replaced anything. She was quite utilitarian when it came to her stuff. She even still owned their old gaming console.

"I wouldn't have if I didn't have to." Livia said sourly before she turned that sour look to Magnus "This clumsy flobberworm somehow spilled magical wine onto the screen!" she exclaimed. "And it was four feet off the ground!"

"I did not break that screen." Magnus said defensively "That was entirely Agustin's fault." Livia laughed as Magnus threw their brother under the bus.

From the way Livia turned to look at Magnus with a 'pull the other one' look, it was clear that Livia held Magnus entirely responsible. It was probable that it was entirely Magnus' fault. Magnus might be a whiz when it came to anything magi-tech but he had two left feet and could crash into anything.

Mother had once said that it was Lady Magic's way of balancing things – giving him hands that could create the most awe-inspiring things but in return he had to live with feet and balance that were hopeless. Funnily enough, mother may have said it teasingly but Gaius knew that there was probably an element of truth there.

"Anyway" Magnus said in a hasty tone, his finger waggling at Livia "I know what you're doing with your changing of the subject!"

Livia laughed "You're the one who forced the subject change!" Livia said with a devilish smile and before they knew it, the conversation flowed for hours after that and well into the evening. Livia left around eight leaving him and Magnus behind.

He and Magnus left the bar an hour or so after Livia left and it was about the right time too as the bar began to feel crowded, a feeling that he was still not used to even after being back for months now.

"So" Magnus began as they walked towards the Gate station, his eyes studiously washing over Gaius "Less than a few weeks now before you leave again."

Gaius nodded with an apologetic smile. "Yes. We leave on the 13th​ of September."

Their mother wasn't exactly ecstatic about that and even more so as the time drew nearer. Especially since two of her children were now going away for years at a time. It was why he stayed at their childhood home instead of staying with one of his siblings. Although he wasn't sure if it helped or if it made it worse for her.

Magnus only hummed as they walked in silence, the noise of the bustling street a welcome distraction. His siblings weren't happy about it either though they were mostly fine in truth. They had their own lives and careers and some of them had their own little families now.

Eusebius, Augustin, Titus, Adriana and Clara were all married now with children, his little nephews and nieces he had the pleasure of finally meeting, whilst their other siblings were in long term relationships that would probably see them married in the coming years.

Even Livia and Magnus were in relationships that looked to be a good match for them, their significant others working in the same industry as they did. Gaius gave of a mental sigh. He'd missed much of his family's lives in the years away.

He hadn't really let it be known but at times…at times he felt like a stranger looking in. Of course it never lasted long. His siblings still knew him well enough to know his moods – Marissa especially – and made sure to make time for him. But the cloud of his coming departure hung like a grey cloud over them. It was unavoidable.

"What's it like?" Magnus finally asked after a few minutes.

"What's what like?" Gaius asked after being welcomingly broken from his thoughts.

"There." Magnus said meaningfully as he looked around, his voice a slight hush as they walked by a group of people. There were secrecy oaths that made it impossible for people to divulge state secrets – Celestis most certainly was a state secret – but there were a few ways around it. Speaking without context was one of them.

"You still want to go there despite knowing that it might be another six years until you return" Magnus continued. Gaius looked at his brother surprised which prompted Magnus to continue again. "You know what I mean. It's just…even Fisbilillah decided to stay rather than opt to go again."

Gaius grimaced at the mention of his somewhat of a friend.

Fisbilillah's decision to request from the High Council a reassignment to Illos was not one that was well received from what he'd heard from the man himself.

It was a decision that Tirtayasa took with a heavy decision. His children barely recognised him and his marriage had suffered from his absence too.

It was also a decision that opened the floodgates in truth as well. More than a few of the crew of the Gradus had put in a request to transfer to something closer to home.

Requests, every request, that his mentor had made the High Council agree with and it would be an offer to be given to those who'd remained in the Celestis system too.

Gaius understood. He did. He truly did but he also felt like Tirtayasa was being derelict in his duty. And he felt slightly betrayed by his decision. They were the pioneers, the ones who would pave the road for their people to safely walk to, the ones who would build homes for their people!

Tirtayasa's words during the journey back, words that he thought were said by a kindred spirit, were meaningless now.

"It's…" Gaius began, forcefully removing his mind from what he'd never spoken to anyone about, and took a few seconds to figure out a way to articulate to his brother why he hadn't opted to remain either.

"Do you remember that spot by the creek an hour or so away from mother's?" Gaius asked Magnus who was surprised by the question but nodded anyway.

Their summer holidays were often spent by the creek with their siblings and the other children in their neighbourhood. They'd swim and they'd use their magic in games they'd invented including float-fishing after fish were introduced.

They always looked forward to going there. It was idyllic and it was without worry.

"It's like that only…only there is also a sense of purpose in what I am doing." Gaius said with another apologetic smile.

He continued "Every day, I see the work that we're doing, the collaborative effort we're all putting in – like that boat out of stone we made when we were nine" Gaius said with laughing eyes, an expression that Magnus matched with one of his own.

"And time just seems to pass me by in peace with the full knowledge that what I'm doing is for a greater purpose, greater than myself." Gaius paused for a moment before he looked away from Magnus' look and it was a half a minute later as they walked that he spoke again. "It's something that I cannot walk away from."

'Not even for family' he left unsaid. He knew that going away again was going to add to the distance that existed between himself and his family.

A distance no one wanted but was there anyway. He wouldn't be there when his nieces and his nephews would go to the Pandrosion, he wouldn't be there at the weddings of his siblings – having already missed five – and he wouldn't be there for the births of other nieces and nephews who would only know him through stories and pictures.

Magnus sighed before he smiled weakly at Gaius. "You were always the dreamer out of all of us." Magnus paused for a moment before his smile widened slightly.

"You and Fortie." Magnus said with a knowing smile.

"In a way, it's kind of fitting really. You and Fortie always did have a closer bond of brotherhood than you guys did with the rest of us. Both of you going on an adventure together as you guys were so oft to do in childhood is fitting"

Gaius looked at Magnus a little surprised "What? Magnus, w-" Magnus interrupted him with a noise that escaped his throat before he continued with a dismissive wave.

"Don't deny it." Magnus said with a softer, kinder smile.

"I used to be jealous and upset that you guys would so often leave me behind." Magnus shook his head as Gaius remained silent as troubling doubt filtered in.

Had he really been so neglectful as a brother? Looking back, he could see why Magnus would think that Gaius and Fortie would scamper off to do their own thing but he never thought he was abandoning his siblings?

Did the others think that as well?

"I can see what you're thinking." Magnus' voice drew him out of his troubled thoughts and Magnus placed his hand on his shoulder. "You weren't a bad brother Gaius. Not even close." Magnus assured him but he still felt that knot of doubt deep within his mind.

Magnus looked at Gaius with a penetrating look "It's just that you and Fortie are two peas in a pod – in your own ways. You guys fed off of each other when we were children. Fortie with his bravery and confidence that you lacked when we were younger and you with your ingenuity and will that Fortie depended on."

Magnus removed his hand from Gaius' shoulder but not without tapping his shoulder. "I understood long ago that there wasn't any malice or neglect in your actions, it is simply who you guys were." Magnus looked away from Gaius as they approached the station. "Adventurers destined to win the game."

Gaius wasn't sure what to say. "Anyway" Magnus stretched out with a long strung out exhale as he shook his head and turned to Gaius, a teasing smile on his face now.

"So, I hear you went to go see Clarissa the other day?" Magnus asked, exaggeratingly wriggling his eyebrows in the process.

"Eusebius has a big mouth." Gaius muttered though it was with a smile.

He did go see Clarissa, his old girlfriend, a few days ago. She'd been part of the group of students that the King took off world and they'd gotten a lot closer after that and dated for seven years.

He'd loved her. He still did but they were both wedded to their jobs at the times. They both still were. Maybe afterwards…

Magnus laughed before he spoke up "Don't worry, he only told me. The others wouldn't have been discreet." That…that was true. Their sisters would tease him ceaselessly in the hopes of getting information out of him.

Their brothers in all honesty would the same…only cruder.

The conversation flowed a little easier after Magnus' confessions about their childhood but it was still a little stiff. Thankfully, it wasn't long before they parted and said goodbye knowing that they'd see each other again at Emilia's, their sister, party which was tomorrow.

Neither of them mentioned that evening' s conversation again at Emilia's party or in the week afterwards. All that was said, was said.

A week later – Moeniae Assembly Complex

Gaius raised his hand towards the Scanner as he reached the last set of door.

A green vertical beam of light scanned every surface of his hand – and every cell underneath his skin. The green beam of light blinked away and a dark screen appeared from the screen. "Please Alight Your Hand to one Lux" the monotone voice of the Complex's security system requested.

He channelled his magic to his hand and his hand began to light up to the requested intensity. The Guardian Array did not extend this far down below the surface of Illos and the King and Queen decided against extending downwards and instead opting for creating a new security and low-level intelligent system that was magi-technological in nature instead of purely magical.

The system was based on smart programs brought to function through the Illosian computer language that was based on symbols from a number of ancient magical scripts practically butchered and spliced together into forming a coherent language.

There was an idea of using runes to create a computer language, like the Illosian Runes but so far it seemed a little too dangerous. Whilst the Illosian Runes were the most expansive runic language in existence, it was still subject to the will and desires of the magical and coding needed to be run on logic first and foremost.

…the last thing anyone wanted was for a code to behave contrary to its function.

"Gaius Volusenus Hardy confirmed." The monotone voice acknowledged and the doors opened. He felt a low thrum as he walked out into the Complex until he stood at the edges of the entrance platform, a low thrum that vibrated in the air as mechanical arms bearing entire sections of decks, some moving towards the half finished ship, the others stationary and waiting until their time was due.

The Assembly Complex was not as huge as Docking Complex was – after all, the Docking Complex was intended to hold five to ten ships in time – but it was as equally as impressive as the Docking Complex, if not more so.

At the centre of the Complex stood a half finished ship held in the air by connecting arms that ascended from the bed of the chasm. Small drone vessels manned by Seelie raced around the half finished ship connecting the sections of decks to one another through long but nimble enchanted arms that fused the matter of the sections without seams.

At the far side of the chasm, sections of decks were arranged like towels racks within a closet and where he knew dozens, likely hundreds, of Seelies were working with the thousands of mages.

Gaius tapped on his wristband before he gestured towards the chasm before him. A Hard Light Bridge materialised before him and he walked across it towards the platform beside the half finished ship.

Below, at the base of the Assembly Complex, was the automated manufacturing hub that took nearly all of the ten square kilometre foundation of the chasm.

It housed, amongst other things, the Runic Matter Re-Assembler Array, an array that permanently transfigured Nickel into Adamantite and other elements like Ilmendus which was needed to house the crystals that mitigated reconciliation effects, the Materials and Treatment Centres which produced the A-N-C alloy amongst others, and the Fabrication Hub which permanently transfigured materials into shape.

Gaius eyed the engines of the half finished ship. The impulse drive and thrusters were built by the Institute of Energy and Propulsion, a subdivision within the Office of Technology and Magic located at the edge of Celestis City with massive spatially expanded complexes dedicated to research, testing and production.

The impulse engine system was a more advanced form of plasma thrusters though the difference was that the plasma created was through fusion reaction which was then guided through a vectored thrust nozzle.

A huge improvement from the ion thrusters that the Gradus had boasted and just as the ion thrusters were an Illosian technology, so was the impulse engine system.

Mostly out of necessity given that they still didn't understand the 'dark matter' propulsion system of the scout-ship.

Gaius turned his gaze towards the stacks of decks at the far side.

Once the frame of the sections made of hundreds if not thousands of components and assemblies, they were fitted with crystalline computer systems and superconductive crystals, crystals that channelled power through the internal structure, it was at that point the sections would be layered with enchantments and runes before full integration of magi-tech and technology happened.

At present, there were about three thousand people who worked within the Complex – Magnus and Eusebius both worked in this department early in their careers – and the majority of them enchant, en-rune or integrate systems.

Matter assemblers were only really at a relatively rudimentary stage, at the stage of converting one form of element to another, and it was unlikely full automation of magical processes would be achieved until they were able to figure out a way generate magic like power stations.

He arrived at the end of the Hard Light Bridge and stepped onto the platform that it was connected to and made his way towards his mentor who'd been unmoved from his place throughout his entire walk on the Bridge.

Simply…gazing at the work being conducted on the ship with his arms behind his back. Waiting and watching. Always knowing what would happen. Gaius turned his gaze towards the ship as he continued his way to his mentor.

The ship that was being built would be the fourth ship that was Slipspace capable and it was the first ship of its class, the Gallimimus class.

It would boast the most advanced cloaking system they were capable of. Energy suppression field and a black hull mesh that absorbed 99.99998% of light along with zero electromagnetic radiation leakage made it a near impossible to detect.

At three hundred and fifty metres long, it was also the smallest class of ships but size was never its purpose. No, size didn't matter for the mission the Gallimimus had.

"Gaius." Atticus acknowledged with a faint smile, his gaze never leaving the construction arm that was placing a section of one of the lower decks onto the growing main body.

"Sir." Gaius said with a bow of the head. His mentor long dissuaded him from calling him anything other than 'Atticus' or 'sir' in his presence.

Gaius eyed his mentor curiously. There was an intensity in his emerald green and violet eyes that he recognised very well. It was the look of impatient excitement.

When Gaius was told of his command, Atticus had told him that he was envious of the opportunity he was afforded but at the time he'd thought Atticus had said it to flatter him.

Now, he knew better.

There was hardly a time he didn't see Atticus heavily involved in the mission to Celestis. From joining the Hecate to Alpha Centauri to test its engines and slipspace drive that it hadn't used in over a year, to the selection of individuals that would join the mission.

He wasn't sure how the man found the time, especially Gaius knew that the King was actively involved in almost every facet of Illos, but it did give the men and women who were joining the mission a lift in morale with how much the King was involved.

And when Gallimimus was complete and successfully completed its cruise shakedown, that was when they would leave for the Celestis system.

All four of interstellar capable ships.

"I half expected Fortie to be here as well." Gaius remarked before he returned his gaze to the ship. He hadn't seen Fortie for the past three days.

This wasn't the first time that Fortie wasn't found for days at a time.

"He was here. You actually just missed him. I sent him home." Atticus told him and Gaius could hear the smile in Atticus' voice.

"It's as if he thinks his presence will speed things along quicker. But, then, I can't really blame his eagerness or impatience."

Fortie had always been like that.

He operated at a hundred miles an hour every day, every hour. It was what made him so successful as a Guard – becoming the youngest to graduate the academy – and what drove him to succeed at the Naval Academy to the point that he was going to be captaining the first exploration ship on the first exploration mission.

Gaius glanced at his mentor. "He is a lot like you in that regard. Sir."

The corners of Atticus' lips stretched upwards and he turned to Gaius. "And he shares that with you as well, Gaius. You just hide it better."

Gaius smiled before he bowed his head slowly to his King and mentor. "There is truth in that statement." He said with a light-hearted tone.

Atticus' gaze bored into him for a long moment before he looked away. "You don't have to be concerned about him, Gaius. He is ready."

Before Gaius could respond Atticus added "He's not the recklessly bold boy he used to be. He'll do all of Illos proud." Gaius stared at his mentor.

"You've seen this?" Gaius questioned. It was a redundant question. He knew that his mentor had seen this probably years ago. His Sight was that powerful. He knew from first-hand experience of that simple fact.

But…

He worried.

Fortie was a natural leader and had honed that side of him even more so after he'd spent half a decade in the Guards. He was a commanding man that had a natural sense of charisma and authority. He was bold and unfearful and determined, a combination that made for a great commander but Fortie also had fierce pride and dangerous stubbornness that made him unyielding even if it might be better to yield.

It was what got them both into a lot of trouble when they were younger.

He didn't want Fortie to find himself in a situation where he would jeopardise, not only himself and his crew but also the rest of Celestis.

"Yes. I once told your brother that I expected many great things from him." Atticus glanced at Gaius, a knowing smile on his face. Gaius' eyes widened at that comment.

He remembered Fortie boasting about that for a very, very long time. It was also part of what drove Fortie to learn as much magic as he could.

Not even learning that Gaius was a potential Archmage had fazed him and after Gaius had become an apprentice to the King, Fortie had only stepped up his own education to the point that he graduated in the top five in their year group, a year group that had the majority of its members contributing heavily in Illos' interstellar ventures.

"That was a truth then and even more so now. He will leave a legacy of his own."

"I see." Gaius said slowly before he nodding firmly, the last of his doubts leaving him. He felt slight guilt at doubting Fortie but he knew that sentimentality and feelings had little place when it came to the success of their mission.

Atticus smiled at Gaius with a slight incline of the head before a hint of curiosity leaked out of him. "What is it that you need, Gaius? You didn't come to seek me out to speak of your brother. Speak freely." There was an intensity mixed with the curiosity as he spoke. It was as if he was looking into Gaius' very being.

Knowing him, it was likely actually happening. Plus, it was a certainty anyway given the King knew exactly what he was going to say, exactly why he was saying it and how he would say it.

Gaius hesitated for a moment but steeled himself. "Sir…you shouldn't go" he said staring directly at his mentor's eyes.

"The magical world is on a knife's edge and once the Ravenites note your absence, it would throw the magical world into chaos." Gaius said with as much respect as he could muster before he released the tension of air that he'd held in and his expression turned imploring.

"You're needed here. Whatever you'll do there can wait until after the war is done."

A large part of him was horrified that he was speaking in this manner with his mentor, his KING. But…at any time, the Ravenites could launch their ideological war against the magical world and he feared for when it became known that the King was absent.

A possibility many had long seen coming well over a decade ago. But no one had the appetite for war back then so as long as the Ravenites adhered to the Statute of Secrecy. Not after the stand-off the ICW had with the Illos.

Not when there had been an absence of international leadership after the subsequent erosion of the ICW's power and authority as nation after nation broke away once it was determined the ICW didn't have the will to force membership or place sanctions as long as the Statute of Secrecy was adhered to.

And Illos was more than happy to simply ignore those parts of the magical world in favour of building its own coalition.

A mistake that would come to haunt them devastatingly. Gaius stared at his mentor, a complex and troubled feeling swimming in his stomach.

Gaius hadn't confronted him about it at all, hoping that his mentor would act. Like he did when war with the ICW seemed inevitable. It would make the King's absence far less important. But he hadn't, at least as far as he knew, and their time of departure was fast approaching.

There was no chance his mentor hadn't Seen what was happening.

What would happen.

"You believe we'll be at war soon?" Atticus questioned with a raised eyebrow and a considering look, ignoring Gaius' plea for him to remain behind.

"You don't have to be a Seer to know where the winds were blowing." Gaius answered with a meaningful look. He'd only been back for three months and he'd been able to tell that motions of events were going to spiral into another magical war very soon in his first few weeks back! The reports he'd read since and the latest events only accelerated his belief what timescale they were working on.

The ICW's closer relationship with China, the various Middle Eastern magical communities and its fortress territory in Switzerland and the guarantees it was giving to the remaining free western magical nations – albeit unofficially – in the face of reports about the brutality of the Ravenites made it clear that they also readying themselves for war.

Atticus nodded slightly, his considering look fading away and grimness set in. "You don't. Once again…a major war is set to ravage the magical world." Atticus turned his gaze back at the half built ship "Only months after we leave."

"And Illos?" Gaius asked, only just about managing to keep his tone from seeming pressing. "Will we be dragged into it?" Gaius had noticed the differences in his sister Marisa when he returned.

All of his siblings had changed, had grown but Marisa…she was quiet and morose, as if she was weighed down by a chain that hung from her ankles, dragging her down into the crushing depths of the oceans. It could only have something do to with her Sight which she likely used daily as part of the Office of Far-Sight.

She never told him what her problem was – his siblings didn't know either though Livia did tell him that Marisa's Sight was levels above what it used to be, so much so that Marisa had warned Livia about something almost a year before it happened.

Would his family be dragged into war? His home?

Atticus turned to Gaius, his gaze piercing. "If we were, what would you do? Ask for yourself to stay, to defend Illos? Abandon our mission?"

"Yes!" Gaius said strongly. He took a step forward to the King "Isn't it our duty to protect our home? Especially us, those who are Archmages and have greater duty?"

Atticus' eyes softened before he nodded slightly. "We do have a duty to our people, to our home. Our families." Atticus said with a faint smile before his very presence shifted when he dropped his smile and his expression hardened.

His presence seemed to grow to be as tall as Celestis Mount despite there not being even slightest perturbation in his magic. "Illos and the Grand Alliance will not join in the war to come. Not while I am away. Not when I'm back either. In that, you can be rest assured."

Gaius startled at that declaration. "We won't join the war?"

He'd always just assumed that they'd fight with the rest of the magical world like they did with Grindelwald.

The mountainous presence that Atticus bore relented though it was still heavy after he'd looked away from Gaius and towards the half built ship. There was a lull, a bleak silence that made Gaius' breathing somewhat stilted.

"Do you remember what I asked you right before you left? That Sunday morning?"

The question took Gaius off guard before as he frowned and dove into his bank of memories, and he remembered. Gaius remained silent for a few moments after playing the memory a few times in his mind.

Finally, after a minute or so he answered "You asked me if it is enough to survive. If all that we do to ensure we survive is enough."

Atticus had asked him this question right before telling him that he wasn't looking for answer, only for him to think on it. And Gaius had.

He knew moments after Atticus had asked what the answer was. At least, he thought so at the time. Now…he believed he was mistaken. It wasn't as simple as yes or no.

Instead, he'd asked himself many questions.

Atticus hummed, his head raising slightly as one of the upper most decks was being moved into position. "And?"

"It's not enough to survive" Gaius said after a moment, as everything began to click in his mind, and it felt like a noxious and putrid odour invaded through his nose and scrambled his mind into ugly but profound clarity.

The words that escaped his mouth tasted like ash.

"One has to be worthy of surviving."

Gaius closed his eyes as he realised why his mentor hadn't acted. Why he'd let the Raven and his sycophants run roughshod over Europe when it was clear that no one would oppose him and Illos if they decided to utterly destroy the nascent Dark Lord.

Large parts of the magical world as it had been for centuries didn't deserve to survive.

It was mired with the same, repeating problems it had for centuries, the same kind of people who supported or joined variations of the same theme of Dark Lords. Supporting and enforcing bigotry and hate and naked self interest which repeatedly destroyed people and families and communities ran roughshod of everything that Illos valued. Gaius reopened his eyes and saw Atticus looking at him with a sympathetic but firm expression.

Not all magical communities or nations were like this, of course not, but many of the powerful Ministries of the magical world not affiliated with Illos were and that was always the problem.

Even now, there were still many things that Gaius didn't like to see. Even amongst those who were friendly with Illos.

He'd travelled through South America, Europe and Asia for months at a time, years before he left. He'd seen communities so in tune with magic and nature only for him to merely apparate a few hundred miles away and come across societies with institutionalised abhorrent treatment of people, magical beings and creatures.

It was maddening to see such stark contrast and even more maddening to see and hear the 'It's not of our business' attitude of those same otherwise praiseworthy communities. The tribal fragmentation of the magical world was a problem.

It was the same attitude that led the magical world to where it was now.

"Change, the kind they need, cannot come from the outside." Atticus said quietly, the emerald flecks in his eyes as bright as the stars he'd seen above Celestis.

"It needs to come from within for it last. And it needs to come before we leave."

'Lest we inherit the same kind of problems fifty thousand light years away?'

Gaius broke eye contact and turned to the half built ship.

In cold, hard logic, he saw the value and even the necessity of it. After the war with Grindelwald, the goodwill and the gratitude, the debt the King was owed, evaporated away like it never existed when he'd started to preach for basic rights and equality.

The same would happen and everything might just repeat once more.

"It's callous." Gaius said quietly. But he understood. When Exposure happened, whenever it happened, Exodus to Celestis needed to be a fresh start for their world.

"Is it really callous?" Atticus mused aloud and Gaius turned to him. Atticus' expression was weary.

"Can we really hold ourselves responsible for the actions of others?"

"If we can do something about it…" Gaius trailed off uncertainly. Atticus turned to him with a sympathetic look on his face.

"It is a slippery slope, that line of thinking. It leads to tyranny. People must be free to make their choices. Even if they come to regret it. Even if ends up killing them."

"And only when they've come to the realisation of how much their ways is destroying them, only when they've made the first genuine step in changing their ways, can we be truly assured that our efforts wouldn't be wasted. After they ask and express their willingness to change. Then, and only then will we intervene."

"And if the Ravenites don't allow us to sit back long enough for that to happen?" Gaius posed to the King. Croatia and Slovenia and even the Western Alliance could be attacked when the Ravenites made their play to spread their evil.

Atticus' expression turned cold and Gaius felt a shiver run down his spine. He'd seen that look before when an Illosian family on holiday in Greece disappeared.

It was a look of brutal consequences.

Gaius only grimly nodded in understanding and the Atticus' cold expression melted away and a gentler expression made its way onto his face with such smoothness that one could doubt the terrifying look had ever been there at all.

"When will the public know of your departure?" Gaius asked with grim acceptance.

"A few weeks before we leave." Atticus answered, the gentle expression leaving his face. Gaius took in his expression. It was slightly weary with hints of a grimace.

No doubt Atticus considered not informing the public at all but that would be impossible. He was the King. Their symbol. More than Queen Emily was…likely would be. There would be questions asked within days about his absence and it would cause riotous havoc if the public didn't get their answers.

It would not have surprised Gaius if that is what Atticus saw.

Gaius only hoped the King knew what he was doing.

"Enough of all this" Atticus said in a dismissive tone and instead bore an excited face.

His arms fell by his sides before they appeared in front of him and he placed his hands together. He rubbed them together in an anticipatory way.

"Tell me more about Dexirus. Seraya is looking forward to hunting in the vast grass plains there." Atticus shook his head exasperated "She wants me to tell her every little detail when I go to pick her up."

Gaius smiled a little weakly at the drastic change in the King.

It wasn't just people and sentient races that were going to the Celestis System, no, it was also the first major migration of magical – and mundane herbivores – creatures.

Dragons, magical serpents, krakens, griffins, unicorns, any and all kinds of magical creatures were being transported to Dexirus and to Celestis itself.

Though for now, the transportation was largely centred on magical creatures that were under heavy regulations with limited freedom of movement.

Gaius began his vivid explanation of everything he could recall and only when he was midway through his descriptions did he realised that the King had requested this of him to set him at ease.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

29th​ of August, 1971 – Illos

Atticus listened as Zoran Buća, the Director of the Treasury, started off the High Council meeting with the status of the economy.

The economy was doing exceptionally well and they were the largest economy in the magical world by a country mile. They were the largest exporters of potions ingredients, alchemic metals, artisan enchanted products and the hub of nearly all magical advancements. Including of course magi-tech.

Seven out of the nine – with one of the two non-Illosian companies belonging to his sister – of the largest magi-tech companies were started in Illos with significant backing from the Councils, Illosian investors and from himself.

Utopian Dynamics, started by Mischa Lensherr – who'd attended Atticus' Hogsmeade meeting in 1940 – dominated the magical world market in a range of magi-tech products but most notably they dominated magical communication and computers. Lensherr had been granted a load of licences to use his original work like other entrepreneurs had but he'd made a product that was as simple to use as a smartphone was in his old life.

As the High Council meeting went on Atticus listened with half an ear, enough to show that he was paying attention to what his Councillors were talking about and discussing, interjecting once or twice to ask or to decide when Emily did not.

It was more akin to acting than it was a genuine response. He had worn masks before, for years, but now…he was an actor that who knew his words, the words of others and the exact timing of when to say it or make a gesture.

He knew it all like the back of his hands.

Was it any wonder why he was losing much of the need – and want – to give anything or most anyone his full attention even if it was not on purpose?

Only a few people mustered full attention out of him, those few who he avoided in his observations of timelines and his experiences in those timelines. An avoidance that was becoming more difficult than he expected.

He glanced at Miles Garrick, the Director of State, the tight control over his magic slackening by less than a percent. Where before there was a solid man, now his form was not that of a single man, no, it was a form that consisted of a hundred shades of mists that occupied the same space, ghosts of timelines that could made to take solid shape if he spoke a certain sentence, did a certain thing.

In his conscious state, anything less than perfect control would open him up to the immediate future and hundreds of its possibilities.

For now, it wasn't an issue, this deepening of his ability since his control never waded. But fifty years from now? A hundred? A thousand?

Would he lose touch with the physical world by that time as a consequence of his growing magic and his understanding of Consciousness and Living Time?

He considered addressing at least one part – the only part since he needed every advantage against the Shapeless Ones – of that possible problem…limiting the growth of his magic.

Of course, the yearly growth was a pittance compared to his final magical maturity at twenty-one. As it should be. As people aged, their magical growth past the age of twenty-one was near zero but not zero. The Flamels were a lot more powerful now than they were when they were twenty-one thanks to the many centuries they'd lived.

But it shouldn't be growing as much as it was still growing now. The Flamels agreed that he was showing a kind of growth a decade that they'd seen only after centuries.

The only conclusion they'd reached that made sense was it was a consequence being in such a magically rich environment like Illos. Atticus realised that when he found out he wasn't the only one who was growing magically. The rich magical environment was facilitating his magical growth and that of his people.

Emily too had shown this growth. Hypatia, Fortencho, and the other people who spent their twenties and/or formative years in Illos showed the similar high growth.

The only way to limit his growth would be to extract himself away from magically rich environments like Illos and the Celestis system. A choice he couldn't make.

None of his future-selves seemed to have a solution to this problem either. He'd peered down many timelines to see if he could address the issue.

So for now, the best he could do, he mused to himself as he re-established full control over his magic, was to exercise complete control over his magic.

The meeting continued for another hour or so as they moved passed legislation and political agendas that Chief Representative Doyle briefed the High Council on and towards the sciences and magicks.

William Bell began first and reported on his Office's projects and their statuses.

When he indicated limited progress in the research of scientifically halting cell death despite the mountain of data they collected and have on animals like phoenixes or Turritopsis Dohrnii – an immortal jellyfish, Atticus commented and suggested something that would lead Bell onto a fruitful path.

A path where, in eight years, Bell would find a way to reduce the shortening of telomeres each time cells divided.

It would lead to an estimated increase of the average lifespans of average wizards and witches from one hundred eighty to three hundred fifty. In time, that lifespan would be increased even further, there was little doubt about that as people moved away from rituals and black magic to increase their lifespans.

Atticus did a similar thing for Walter Bishop whose research projects in Legillimency and magical frequencies would spawn new development in neuro-magical interfaces that would make technology as tied to people's magic as perfectly matched wands were.

It was only when Parelius spoke of the one mission that the High Council was fully aware off that he paid full attention again. Parelius informed them of the situation in Europe hampering the success of the mission and that they were getting to the point that they were extracting less and less people from Europe as the weeks rolled by.

Last week they only got out a single family. Four months ago they were able to get on average six families a week. It wasn't the only problem either.

"Our agents are finding it difficult to move deeper into the interior of Europe." Parelius stated emotionlessly to them all. "As you know, the magical net the Ravenites have deployed across their territory is difficult to circumvent."

The Ravenites managed to tie all of their territory into one huge one with a single magical net encapsulated it all. But that wasn't them most impressive and troubling feat.

The additional ward scheme the Ravenites invented and added to magical net was ingenious. For a long time now, the Ravenites went out of their way to record every citizen's magical signature and the places they had right to be in.

Signatures they'd used to compile practically the magical equivalent of a database that let them know exactly who is who.

With the new ward scheme that worked similarly to accidental magic monitoring ward schemes, they could pinpoint the general area of where someone was and with the historical data that they had on the people, anyone not even close to where they meant to be was to be questioned.

IO agents were not completely constrained by this ward scheme but it made cooperation and trust with the native populations difficult.

Not only did it isolate communities from each other and inclining them to reject any kind of risk including escaping if it meant they'd be hunted as soon as they were a few miles from their homes and communities, it also heightened the fear people had with regards to rebelling.

Magical signatures could be scrubbed but that took time, skill and knowledge. And that knowledge was not something the vast majority of people had.

In Greece and in other places like Romania or Russia where rebellion previously was burbling under the surface, was now lukewarm after the nobility purges and the news of the ward scheme reached far and wide.

"Wasn't the magical suppression bands meant to assist in that regard?" Walter Bishop questioned with a concerned note.

"They help." Parelius confirmed "And it is used judiciously when they're undercover. However, there is a lethargy in their magic when they switch it off. It takes at least a few minutes for them to be able to use their magic effectively."

Parelius took a moment as he glanced around the table before meeting Bishop's gaze again. "I do not have to explain why that is not…desirable in risky environments when we have reasonable doubt in the trustworthiness of many rebel cells."

Murmurs rang around the Council table and Atticus could see a few of them resisting the urge to send him nervous glances. The knock on effect of having a well-connected magical civilisation was that news travelled very fast.

The news of his departure was released only two days ago and the reaction from his people in Illos alone was…intense, he thought with a weary thought.

He'd manage to move along a timeline where the public's unhappiness about his departure for over a year was limited but it was still there and there was a tension that was tangible.

In the rest of the magical world, the news was surprising – to all interested parties. Other than the great interest that enemies and allies – who weren't in the know – had in their supposed finding of Atlantis, his departure affected global geopolitics like a stone would affect the surface in a still pond. Ripples were being made.

Even the ICW – who'd deigned to communicate with Illos only twice in fourteen years – reached out to them 'requesting' a meeting to discuss Atlantis. There was a kernel of truth in their interest in Atlantis but they were far more interested in dissuading him from leaving for so long.

There was an irony in the symbolism that he was perceived to be. As if he were Atlas, the only person who was preventing the world from crashing down. An irony that was quite true given that Illos was the linchpin that would decide everything.

Should the war begin in his absence, they would be right to think that Illos would not join and it would allow the Ravenites the breathing room to focus on the ICW and its allies.

"Inform our people to pull back." Emily said after a little while as she shared a glance with him. He sent her a feeling of agreement through their bond and she turned her gaze to Parelius who waited on her to continue.

"We will assist the Grecians and the other rebels from our base in the Ionian Islands but we won't risk our people's capture." Emily's lips pursed. "At this point escorting families to safety is no longer viable without…greater intervention."

Parelius bowed his head "As you will it, Your Grace."

The meeting after that was more or less wrapped up and he was left alone with Emily and Parelius in their apartment home in the Main Tower.

"Parelius." Atticus intoned as he looked at the man.

"Your grace." Parelius said understandingly as bowed his head.

He tapped on his arm as he spoke "Operation Wear and Tear is on schedule. We have our agents in place lying in wait." Parelius informed them as his arm brace began to emit a two dimensional holograph.

A map of Italy appeared on the Holo with red dots demarcating the areas of interest. Most of them centred around the regions of Rome.

Atticus' hand rose in the air and a holographic globe appeared from the centre of the room. It blew up the southern region of Europe and centred on Italy. Certain areas on the map began to flash whilst arrows showed where the troop movements would be.

Atticus tapped on his arm brace and moved Parelius' Holo onto the map, overlaying the red dots with troop movements and Ravenite assassinations.

"Good." Emily said as she glided over towards the map at the centre of the room, her eyes deathly fixed on the arrows that moved towards Rome.

"Are the numbers still the same?" Emily asked, knowing that every time he or the Far-Seers made a change to the timeline, however distant or immediate it may be, would result in having a knock on effect in the present in some small way.

"Yes." Atticus confirmed. "Over eight hundred mages led by Cullaica will attack the Italians on the 20th​ of October." He said to her and she took her eyes off of the map and met his gaze. "A tenth of their active forces."

The Ravenites had a deep pool of wizards and witches to call upon. There were still hundreds of thousands of magicals in their territories and many of them were being convinced of the Ravenite ideology.

"The ICW will come to their defences on the 23rd​ of October." Parelius mused aloud.

"Led by Li Lei." Atticus said with an incline of the head.

"Twelve hundred Ravenites will attack the Chinese on the 27th​ of October" Emily continued, her hand sweeping across the globe towards the Suguniang Mountains.

The Chinese had twice that number in Aurors and other combat trained mages but they would be caught unaware. Belief in the impenetrability in their fortress towns amongst the mountains would cost them dearly. Far too dearly.

"Friction within the ICW as they refuse Li Lei to relieve the Chinese." Parelius added as he stared at the map as he returned it towards the Western European view.

Both Parelius and Emily knew all what he knew about the upcoming war and the ways it could go…and the subterfuge the Ravenites would play with the Vampires that would begin to plague the Western Alliance…and Croatia and Slovenia.

Hypatia will aid Emily should things spiral out of the likely timeline.

Emily turned towards him. "Quite the effect you'll have, dear husband." Emily said with a humorous tone but they both knew that she was anything but pleased with it all. Of course, this war was inevitable, whether or not it was him or her that left.

They were only speaking in terms of months, in truth. The Raven seemed to consider just one of them being present as an opening to exploit.

"Jealously doesn't become, wife." Atticus said with a curling smile and Emily rolled her eyes. Atticus dropped his smile and turned to Parelius with a long stare on his face.

"Our agents, our people, Parelius…prioritise them over the missions." Atticus said in a hard voice. Parelius met his gaze with a silent and blank expression.

"We can always retrieve the artefacts and texts at a later date or at worst destroy them if we have to. Our people however…"

Atticus trusted Parelius with his life but he did think that Parelius was a little loose with lives. Atticus couldn't claim to be better but when it came to their people, he'd rather not see a single one die to save a hundred others, let alone for some trinket that they didn't want the Ravenites to have.

After this conversation, Parelius would not even think to consider it.

Parelius bowed his head. "You have my word."

Soon enough it was just him and Emily.

"Was it necessary?" Emily questioned with a raised eyebrow as she undressed from her Rosi and into her silk nightgown.

"Yes." Atticus said flatly. "I saw an incident that caused him to sacrifice eight of our men for the Olyndicus' Lance." Atticus looked at her. "It seems like he didn't know that the matter was already in hand." Atticus had transmitted as much as he could of the year he'd be away to her mind.

Emily frowned "He acted without my knowledge." She stated displeased.

"Not to excuse him but he was acting on critical information that needed to be dealt with within hours. You were in Morfay." Atticus told her and it placated her a little.

"I will sit down with him." Emily said with a sigh and Atticus smiled gratefully at her. "It is a powerful weapon to let fall into our enemies hands." She conceded.

"I know." Atticus grimaced. Thankfully it wasn't even close of a possibility.

The lance had been crafted, supposedly, by the mage that went by the name Hephaestus for the warmage Olyndicus around the fifth century BC. The lance had the capability to 'drink' the blood of sacrifices and absorb a good fraction of their magic into itself before triggered into one single but awesomely devastating burst of magic.

According to the myths, the weapon had been responsible for separating Sicily from the rest of Italy after it was fired during a battle with Carthaginian invaders.

A battle that killed everyone. Well…obviously not everyone otherwise the weapon would have been lost and the story left untold.

"Anyway" Atticus said with a shake of the head as he approached his wife who looked as beautiful as ever. She smiled wryly at his look and soon enough, they'd forgotten whatever it was that they were discussing as they fell into each other's embrace.

5th​ of September, 1971 – Slitharsa, India

Seraya purred as he scratched away at a scale that looked like it was in need of some medical attention `You have some scale rot, Seraya' Atticus said a little concerned as he looked over the rest of the underside of her belly.

It looked like there were a few other such scales that definitely needed a course of healing elixirs. He'd have some choice words with the caretakers.

Seraya hissed `I will heal. It happens when I have been active for too long. It goes away when I sleep`. Basilisks had a strong healing factor especially after they entered a hibernation state turning their huge reservoirs of magic inward onto their bodies. That, along with the properties of their blood, was part of why they were so long living, why they were effectively ageless.

`I will have it treated today` Atticus promised her whilst he caressed her belly.

She gave off another purr `I will not object' she said with a pleased note in her hissing before she brought down the bulk of her body down and Atticus stepped aside whilst she laid down. She brought her huge serpentine face to him and her forked tongue licked at his face `I will be strong for our journey. Will I be awake? `

Atticus smiled at her as turned his face slightly so that the tongue licked at the side of his face `If you wish to be. The younglings will be asleep for the journey so you will only have myself and the other Speakers for company'

`You'll stay with me?`

Atticus smiled at her longing question. Despite not being his familiar, Seraya held an affection for him that was almost as strong as the affection Fila had for him.

An affection he returned even if he was more absent than he should be. He caressed her scales underneath her lips, not that far above the small notch from which her tongue is stuck through.

`Yes. We can even sleep in the same nest on our journey` he suggested to her. It didn't matter to him where he'd stay on the ship.

Seraya's temporary habitat was as good a place as any.

`I want to be awake` Seraya hissed happily. `You'll be all I need, master` Seraya hissed as she set down her head and closed her eyes as she angled her head towards the direction of the hot Indian sun. Before long she drifted off to sleep.

She was tiring far too easily even with a magical battery in her gut, he thought to himself with a sense of sadness as he listened to her restful magic and her heartbeat. She had grown since he first met her all those years ago by ten to fifteen percent.

When basilisks were in their hibernating state, all of their magic was focused to maintaining their bodies. They stayed the same and never hungered, theirs and ambient magic being enough to sustain them.

They could sleep for ten thousand years without ever dying once they were old enough. There was a reason why basilisks held a similar status as phoenixes did.

Beings of magic unlike most others.

Unfortunately, it also meant that it had its own issues. Whilst basilisks in theory were ageless thanks to their regenerative blood and their magic, in practice, they were not.

For a basilisk the age of Seraya, to stay awake required immense magical energy requirements. Part of the reason of the immense energy requirements was because basilisks had an unfixable condition that caused them to grow without limits. In theory, a basilisk could grow long enough to wraps itself across the entire surface of the Earth. Of course, they'd long die of unable to sustain the energy requirements they need to live.

As it was, there were only a few places with enough ambient magic to make sure she wouldn't fall into another cycle of hibernation and even it wouldn't be enough to make sure she was comfortable in staying awake for longer periods time. Even Illos' ridiculous magical density didn't seem like it was enough for her.

Which was why he gifted her a dense but compact magical battery that would feed her with twice the magical energy she'd get from Illos' environment. It would last for decades. Somehow though, it didn't look like it was enough.

Atticus turned to the old man beside him who held a shepherd's crook with both hands. His wrinkled skin was leathery brown and his hair more white than grey though the brown eyes he bore were youthful and sharper than his age suggested.

`She's been up for longer than usual` the elderly man noted after he closed the gap, a kindly smile on his face. `She rarely rouses from her slumber for the others in the Village`

`She's in the final decades of her life. It is expected` And her death…her death was coming sooner than he liked. He'd Seen that on Dexirus she'd live a lot longer than if she stayed behind. The Moon's intense magical saturation rivalled that of Illos as well. He hoped the new environment where she'd be free to roam with plenty of prey available would prove to be enough to lessen the toll she'd taken for being as awake as she'd been over of the decades.

With caretakers coming to take care of her and the other serpents, she'd live long enough to see the magical world move into the Celestis system.

The elderly man scrutinised him before he placed a hand on Atticus' shoulder `Time will come for us all` the old man paused for a second, a mischievous and knowing smile on his face as he inspected Atticus' face. `For some… it will come later than others' Atticus turned to Adarsh, a faint and slightly amused smile on his face.

Adarsh' expression grew a little sombre when he glanced at the sleeping serpent.

`She will be happy to spend it with the one she cherishes the most'

Atticus and Adarsh walked out of Seraya's den after Atticus had some words with the caretakers about her scales and let them know that he'd already sent an order to his people to deliver a vat of healing elixir best suited for injuries like this.

They walked onto the path that would take them out of the small valley ravine where Seraya and other serpents like her were cared for. For the past eight years, she'd lived here after it was clear that she was lonely. He could only spare her so much time and neither Sophia or Marie were interested in caring for Seraya long term.

He'd offered the Slitharsans to care for the ancient serpent which they were all too delighted to do. Not only because ancient serpents like Seraya were venerated but also because he was asking as an Elder of the tribe after he – and Emily – had earned that title when they gifted magic to the squibs of the village. The entire village was now capable of speaking or at least understanding parseltongue.

From there, Slitharsa had become a sanctuary for serpents that he and Emily had searched out from around the world, many of which were legendary serpents long thought to have gone extinct like the Bašhe, a python-like giant snake forty feet long whose primary prey was elephants, or the Hoyau that dwelled nearby volcanoes.

The village nestled in between forested mountains and a crystal clear river stream was picturesque as ever.

There was a peace here that was addictive, like time's touch slid off of the valley unable to ravage it like it did everything else in existence. Perhaps that was why he didn't visit the village too often. He'd always stay longer than he ought to.

After about twenty minutes walking down the sloped path, they approached the village. Docked by the river there was a large caravel being with crates large enough to fit Seraya's head. There was a reason for that. Many of those crates, if not all of them, were spatially expanded to suit the larger serpents that were within the ravine.

Within the next few days, the serpents would be put to sleep before being loaded into the crates for transport to Illos. It was slow, especially since the ship later on be transported onto Illos but the Slitharsans were adamant of not allowing strangers in the village.

As they entered the village, the changes over the past twenty years were transparent. There were more homes now and if you looked closely, you'd see the touch that Illos had on the village with plenty of magi-tech products around.

Slitharsa was a special place for him but especially for Emily. They were a connection to her ancestors and a culture that she accepted and in her own way cherished. They wanted the people close to them and to agree to move of their free will before the chaos began and so they made to entice the people slowly and gently.

A culture as old and as resistance to change as the Slitharsans couldn't be approached in any other way.

Children played football in the streets – the game was introduced a few years ago after a group of friends travelled to the muggle side of India and fell in love with the game – with serpents, most likely their familiars, lounging by the sides on cushions or baskets.

Some of the children noticed his approach and waved at him whilst one of them, a young girl with short hair he recognised sped towards them.

`Elder Atticus` the young girl hissed excitably, the dimples in her cheeks shining through as she beamed at him. The young girl, Samira, was one of the youngest children in the village at the time of his offer to turn all of the people younger than forty into magicals. Another young child, probably Raell her younger brother, came to her side looking equally excited to see him.

Both of the children had bright futures ahead of them. Samira would become a promising magi-zoologist whilst Raell would become of Bell's researchers.

`Samira. Raell. How are you? You've both grown since the last time I've seen you` he hissed with a smile. The last time he'd set foot in the village was about three years ago.

`I'm almost ten now!` `I'm eight now!` they said at the same time causing Adarsh to smile warmly whilst Atticus chuckled before smiling at them again.

`I see` he hissed out in a considering note before he glanced at Adarsh `Have they been good?' he asked in a serious tone accompanied by a serious look.

Adarsh looked at the children who had wide eyes and bursting to speak but they were well behaved. All of the children here were taught to respect their Elders and to listen. To interrupt one Elder speaking to another was considering to be a terrible thing.

`They have been good` Adarsh said with a smile and it seemed to relieve the children.

`I am glad to hear` Atticus said with a smile. They parted away from children and made it to the central building within the village where the Elders convened.

It was an hour later when the entire village gathered in front of the central building.

The Slitharsans were heavily ritualistic when it came to 'leaving ceremonies'. Ceremonies that were being held for the sixty men, women and their families that chose to come with him and the serpents to the Celestis system.

Only the Chief Elder amongst the other Elders knew where they were going whilst the others believed that he was taking them to another part of the world.

The Chief Elder gave her blessings to each and every individual, her prayers of Naga joined in parseltongue song that seemed to enrapture everyone, human and serpent alike. Atticus merely watched on in silence.

The days leading up to departure went quicker than he thought despite not sleeping once for over a week. The news of his departure dominated Illos and for the first time ever, he could feel the disappointment from his own people.

Emily had a lovely sense of schadenfreide about that.

Still, it did little to douse his excitement. He knew that in all of the timelines, Illos would remain safe under her care. Their people would be safe and that was all he needed to remain excited for the Celestis system…and his future homeworld.

The thought of finally being there after so many years knowing and seeing the world through his traversing of Time could do nothing less. Especially since he'd finally be able to visit that one spot that seemed to draw him in like honey does to a bear.

During the last few days, the final loading was completed. Habitats containing hundreds of magical creatures and thousands of mundane animals in stasis pods were moved to onto the Hecate. Tens of thousands of golems that were to shape surfaces of moons and planets for future settlements were loaded like terracotta armies in massive containers. Manufacturing equipment and other technologies were loaded in the second to last day whilst on the final day, hundreds of people of different races and species boarded the ship.

Centaurs, merpeople in specially designed suits, dwarves, goblins, all boarded the ship that would make them the first to their new home system.

A momentous day indeed.

Still…

"Emily." Atticus said softly as he caressed her cheek as he stood by the tunnel that would lead him onto the ship. He could feel her displeasure, her anxiety but also acceptance through their bond.

"I will be back sooner than you think." He said with a gentle look as he took her hand and kissed it gentle. Despite being less than a decade away from being half a century old, their need for each other did not waver.

She hummed but said nothing in response to his words. She only stared at him for a little before he could feel her relent in her displeasure and its stead, longing rose.

"Don't take too long." She said with a soft whisper before she stood on her tip toes and kissed him on the cheek with the speed of a serpentine strike and before he could say anything, he felt her squeeze his other hand before she turned and left, back into the bowels of the Docking Complex.

Atticus sighed before he smiled at the closed doors. "I promise."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

1971 – Warsaw, Poland

Jason M. Lafides POV

The Polish guard held the open passport up against his face, his eyes darting from the passport to his face. After the guard was satisfied, he shoved the passport into his chest before dismissively barking out 'next' in Polish.

Jason made his way to the booth behind the guard where another set of guards scrutinised his passport and his travelling documents before stamping away in his passport almost disgruntled, as if Jason had ruined their day by being anything other than simply a traveller instead of a 'capitalist dog'.

He made out of the Warsaw International Airport and flashed his hand up to one of the cabs that stood waiting like carrions waiting on dying animals croak and decay.

"Take me to Old Town Square." Jason said in fluent Polish and the gruff scraggly looking cabdriver told him the price which Jason agreed with before they left off.

The twenty minute journey to the city centre was quiet, neither he or the cabdriver had much to say to each other and Jason preferred to look at the city anyway.

The city still bore the scars from the decimation the Nazis had wrought against the city and its people under the Order of Warsaw, a villainous act, a vile crime that rendered the city into a desolate wasteland of rubble and ruin amidst the bodies and blood of tens of thousands of Poles.

The soviets were little better, the opportunistic devils that they were. Grey bricks that were mockeries of architecture and decent taste lined the outer parts of Warsaw.

He let off a mental sigh and let go of the intense dislike that he felt for the soviets and the Russians. He was not here on a mission against the Communists.

No, his purpose was greater than that. A mission for humanity.

His grandfather had been Polish, Krakow born and raised he'd say in his thick accent, so he'd been the best choice to come and investigate the woman's claims about them.

After paying and tipping the cabdriver he made his way towards the Grand Hotel Orbis which was about a twenty-minute walk. As much as he was here for a purpose, he did want to see the capital of his grandfather's homeland. At least the parts worth seeing anyway.

The parts that the proud people of Poland strove hard to rebuilt from the shattered remnants of the ancient city that had been broken into a billion pieces of stone and brick.

And as he looked around, he could see the 18th​ century style buildings that Warsaw had once been famous for, building that the Poles rebuilt brick by brick, stone by stone and these parts of the city that had in their very bones the souls of the Old city stood like a rising phoenix from the ashes it had been reduced to.

And it couldn't have happened if not for a few fortunate surviving pieces of captured history in the form of Bernado Bellotto's ultra realistic paintings of Warsaw, the salvaged photographs and the students' paintings. Otherwise the Nazis would have succeeded in their quest to wipe Warsaw of the maps.

It was a proud monument to the efforts and will of the Poles though he wished that they extended their efforts across all of Warsaw.

But it was a tall task for any nation, to rebuild eighty five percent of a city that had been reduced to rubble and dust, let alone a nation that had no support like the Germans had with the Marshall plan and instead had the Reds chaining them down.

He walked passed the worn doors of Grand Hotel Orbis and placed his luggage on the ground as he arrived at the desk where a secretary was seated.

"Good morning." Jason said with easy charm and it earned him a smile from the dotty but pretty blonde. "I have a booking under Alex Ankwicz."

"Ah!" the blonde enthused "Yes, the Canadian." She peered at him with a curious smile. "You speak very good Polish."

Jason chuckled "I should hope so. My mother would be very unhappy if I could not speak her mother tongue well."

The blonde was a little amused before she took a pair of glasses from besides her and placed it on the bridge of her nose, her pen dancing across the paper in quick fashion. She peered up from the document "You're staying for ten days?"

Jason nodded and she added a final scribble before taking a stamp and pressing it against the document. She ripped the document from the pad and handed it over.

"Your room is Room 16. It is on the first floor on your right."

Jason smiled at the woman before taking out his wallet and paid for his ten days.

The room itself wasn't the greatest. The paint was old and there was a smell of staleness and bleach that seemed to linger in the bedding. The mattress was worn and creaked but thankfully it was free of bedbugs and other insects which was enough. He opened the blinds and was at least somewhat pleased that he had sight of the street below.

Once he took his clothes out of his suitcase, he sat down in the unbalanced rickety chair at the bedside table and brought out papers that were hidden in a compartment in his suitcase and began to read it for the twentieth time.

They kept a close eye out for the unnatural, ever since the 1926 event that reinvigorated their flagging organisation, though they hadn't found much luck...until they came across Maria Bielinski who immigrated to New York in the late 1960s.

She'd been a medical examiner at a mortuary in Bialystok and in 1959, she'd come across more than a dozen corpses drained entirely of blood with jugular bite marks.

It had been a major story – or at least it would have been if there had been any free press – and the police were scouring all of Bialystok searching for what they believed was a 'deviant'.

And, from what she told Kyle, a member of their organisation she'd told the story to after a year of dating, the bodies disappeared and the police simply stopped looking, denying there ever had been such a search for the deviant.

The police hadn't been the only ones either. The funeral director, the chief examiner, all of them denied ever seeing corpses drained of blood. Maria had thought that it was the NKVD, the Soviet secret police, that shut it all down in the week she'd been visiting her mother under the threat of being sent to the gulags or worse.

Kyle knew better and informed them of this incident, their first real breadcrumb to follow since 1926. Maria didn't know anything more after that but the organisation took the crumb and followed it religiously. Through their connections in government, they got a hold of the records of immigrants and visas.

They found other Polish immigrants and questioned them. It was those from further south, from the countryside, that they found the pot of gold with similar stories as that of Maria's but…it wasn't just bloodless corpses they found rumours of.

Jason stayed in Warsaw for another two days, mostly to arrange transport once he arrived in Przemyslo, before he made his way down south to Przemyslo via the train.

There had been a young woman from a village nearby Przemyslo that offered the greatest chance of success. According to the young woman, Krzeczkowa was a village fifty miles from her hometown locally famous for 'wild animal' attacks that happened every few years. A trait that it shared with other nearby villages.

The young woman said that people believed it to be cursed and that it was a ghost town now save for a few elderly people too stubborn and old to want to move away.

Jason and his peers hoped he'd be able to finagle some information from these people about what they knew. One of the things their records showed was these creatures rarely ever bothered with the stragglers, only putting in the effort to erase their existence once it became problematic.

If they could find a way to detect the spawns of Satan…

The next day, he took a rented car to Krzeczkowa. It was a desolate farming village that felt and looked like a place haunted by ghosts…and other beings.

He spoke to a few of the locals by the local bar that functioned also as a hotel and carefully probed at what they knew. Most of them had no clue what he was talking about and laughed it off. He was a little confused and thought maybe the young woman had been wrong. Or lied to him.

That was until he was told that most of these people moved back to this village after 'bad gas' killed most of the population. Except for a few people like the old 'babcia'.

He stopped by a home with a large wooden cross that was bolted to the front of the house when he saw an elderly woman sitting at the front of her home, the woman he was searching for. He hoped that she had more for him otherwise…

"Hello!" Jason greeted in Polish. A greeting the old woman returned. Not warmly but also not coldly either. Likely curious about him. There were only thirty homes that he could see that were connected to the road on his way here. The rest of the village consisted precisely of four shops, a gas station and of course a bar.

It was unlikely this was a place that hosted strangers often. Well, strangers that weren't moved here.

He opened the latch to the garden, a garden overflowing with weeds, and made his way to the elderly woman who was in a rocking chair, studiously watching him near.

"Who are you? What do you want?" she bluntly asked him as she looked him over. He was in fairly decent clothing, clothing that he made sure would 'fit in' with the Polish. "I have nothing to sell." She eyed him closer.

"I have also nothing buy anything with if that is what you are after."

He smiled politely at the old woman before he bowed his head. "I am Alex Ankwicz. I am not here to sell or buy anything." Jason paused for a moment as he met the older woman's gaze who seemed a little perplexed. "But I am here for questions."

"Questions?"

Jason nodded slowly as he watched her carefully. "Yes…about the animal attacks."

The old woman stiffened up before she hid herself away in a cold blank mask. "Ah, the bear attacks. What is there to ask? Bear attacks are bear attacks."

Jason knew then that there was more to the story. "Bears maul, Mrs…"

"…Wojciechowski."

"Mrs Wojciechowksi." Jason added before he continued "Bears maul, they do not leave two small pin sized holes in the neck." Jason said with a look.

The old woman stood up, faster than he thought a woman her age ought to be able to move "I have nothing else to say. You are crazy. Go." She said with a wave as she moved towards her open door. "I am done with this."

Jason cursed silently. "Wait!" She didn't stop so he tried again "I can pay! A thousand American dollars!" she stopped. She turned, a look of surprise on her face.

"You pay me a thousand dollars for what?" she asked incredulously though there was a suspicion and deep apprehension in her eyes. And what he thought looked like fear too.

"For the truth." Jason said honestly. She looked even more surprised at that.

"Mr Ankwicz…"

"Please." Jason held up his hand. "Hear me out before you say no?" he said beseechingly. A war seemed to rage within her mind considering the uncertainty that displayed on her face.

Mercifully she nodded and she led him into her home. Jason let off a breath of relieve. A few minutes later she brought out a cup of tea for him and he thanked for it.

"Why does the truth matter to you?" the old woman finally asked.

Jason sighed after he placed the cup of tea down on the very old and very worn table.

Jason met her gaze. "This world…there are many dark things hidden in the shadows. Almost everyone does not know of it. The government, the church, no one really knows. Except for a few." Jason sent her a piercing gaze. "Like you." He stated.

She didn't deny it. Jason continued "Like me and my fellow peers." Jason learned forward, his gaze intense "You see…we know that there are beings around us…beings that hunt us in the dark…evil beings that eat us and steal our children." At the mention of children, the old woman's eyes widened.

"It happened in America too?" she asked surprised – and scared.

"The stealing?" she nodded hesitantly and Jason smiled grimly.

"Yes. It happens even now."

The old woman remained silent for a moment, her eyes set on her cooling tea. "There was a family, maybe forty years ago, with a strange child that could do…unnatural things." She looked up from the tea and met his gaze.

"Some of the villagers thought she was a witch but she was a sweet girl really." The old woman said defensively and Jason smiled to ease her despite thinking that it was unlikely the girl was anything sweet. They were the spawn of the devil.

In time, the little girl would have shown her true colours.

"One day, she was attacked by a few boys and something strange happened, according to the boys." Her voice was quiet now. "The boys were thrown over twenty metres away from her. Two of them broke their arms from the fall. Their parents were so mad, I thought that they were going to hurt the sweet girl." The old woman shook her head.

"But before anything could happen…" she turned slightly pale. "The family was found dead in their beds." She said in a disbelieving tone. "Still underneath their bed covers, looking they were still asleep. But they were dead. Like death simply came in the middle of the night and took their souls but left their bodies untouched."

Jason considered her words. He hadn't seen evidence of anything like this before.

He'd seen many kinds of wounds that looked to be unnatural but nothing quite like this. The old woman continued "But the child…the child was gone." She said in a whisper. "The people thought it was proof of her evilness but I think she was taken. Her bedroom was ransacked and her stuffy toys were taken."

"It is possible." Jason said with a serious nod slightly impressed by her reasoning. The spawn of the devil would want to ensure more of its kind were in their hands to teach them in their ways. "I think you're quite right." The old woman looked vindicated in her beliefs. It was a shame that she was only half right.

"And the bodies?" Jason asked as he leaned forward now that he's established a relationship with the woman.

The woman turned deathly pale, paler than before. "You do not understand."

"If you're concerned if I'm going to tell that it was you who told me, I won't."

The old woman shook her head. "You don't understand. They can affect the brain." She said whilst tapping her head. Jason's eyes widened. This was the real deal.

"What do you mean?"

"The villagers? You met them?" Jason nodded

"Most of them moved back after a large accident happened." Jason said.

The old woman smiled with a kind of brittleness. "They never left. They have always been in this village. Even during the accident."

Jason sat back in his chair and he stared at her. This…this was new. "You're saying all of their minds were affected?" He knew that the spawn had the ability to wipe memories but he hadn't heard them changing this much.

"Yes." The old woman said firmly before she sighed and shakily reached out to her tea. She seemed to find a sense of peace from drinking the cold beverage.

"You must understand…I was away that week. Visiting my sister you see." She shook her head. "When I returned, I found many of friends and their families missing and no one knew what happened. And when I questioned the people you met in town, they said they didn't even really know the people they grew up!" she said in an angry whisper before she closed her eyes, seemingly trying to steady herself.

"I saw the bodies, Mr Ankwicz. I saw what happened to them. It was vampires." She whispered in a frightened tone. "The police from the city…they don't care. Saying its bears is easy. But I know better." She declared.

Jason listened to her for a while and it was an hour later, with a wallet missing a thousand dollars, that he left to go back to the city.

Jason was convinced that the woman was telling the truth.

It would be easy to dismiss it as fanciful lies and tall tales.

But their organisation had known since the 17th​ century of them and their cabal of evil. Yes…he needed to relay the truth to his peers.

They had the spawn of the devil to hunt.




My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1)
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Jun 24, 2023
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 84 others
mosefboombox117
Jun 24, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 23 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Jul 2, 2023
Add bookmark
#346
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 23


20th​ of October, 1971 – Cherkasy, Russia

Amelie Cantona POV

The hangar bay of the hovership was as silent and not unlike a graveyard during the sleeping hours before dawn, the sounds of breathing of the waiting men and women akin to the eerie rustling of leaves of the trees that stood vigil over tombstones.

Their faces had that in common with those silent, vigilant trees.

Hard and unmoving, solemn and determined, watchful and self-assured.

Looks on faces that knew full well of the importance that this mission had to be nothing less than a total success.

Her gaze fell on the armour her team wore.

They were all adorned in Adamantite armour, silver grey in hue, en-runed armour that could withstand even Fiendfyre for at least ten minutes, the magic-eating cursed fire that could eat through everything and anything including magical artefacts and people that it fed from to sustain its endless hunger.

She hoped that they wouldn't need the full breadth of the armour's protections.

The intelligence they received from home-base suggested that it should be unnecessary but then she knew well enough that things didn't always go exactly as planned, even if they had the Far-Seers watching their backs.

"T-Minus seven minutes." The pilot communicated through the Comms.

Amelie pressed her right palm into the arm brace on her left hand. A faint sloshing sound emitted from her armour, liquid metal rising from the upper parts of the armour and crept up towards her head. Her neck and then the bottom of her jaw were submerged until moments later her entire head was surrounded by the metal.

The metal formed away from her head, creating a cavity, a gush of air hit her in the face and she breathed in slowly. The metal in front of her began to turn opaque before it turned crystal clear and a HUD system overlaid the screen.

The others in her team had also activated their helmets and the HUD showed three green lights above their heads that indicated that their comms, their armour integrity and enchantments were all functioning at optimum levels.

"T-Minus four minute thirty seconds" the pilot communicated and the doors to the hangar opened and violent and loud air rushed into the hangar bay.

Three of her twenty-eight man team stepped forward and saluted her before they ran out of the still flying hovership and dove into the darkness of the night three kilometres above the forested grounds.

They would set the nullification wardstones the eggheads created that would prevent escape through magical means. Be it through portkey, apparation or through the floo. That and it would also prevent any discernible magic from being registered or escaping the nullification bubble, including any magical communication.

Nearly all magi-com or sympathetically linked magicks worked in the same magical frequency bands so it could be nullified much like travel could be.

The Ravenites within the castle would be akin to a fish in a barrel.

A signal appeared on her HUD, a signal that would have shown up on all of their HUDs, that indicated that they were directly above the castle grounds.

Her magic, steady as it was for the entire duration of their flight, was steady no more.

Not when the familiar hunger welled from within her, a hunger that yearned for the hunt and the blood of her prey. Her magic fed from that hunger with wildness, with eagerness, and it was burbling underneath her skin like burning sugar water in a pan, thickening and tightening much like the coils of her muscles were wound into a tightly wound spring waiting to be let unleashed into action.

It was on occasions that she felt most in-tune with her more beastly side, that side of hers that could gluttonously devour entire villages in her hunger.

Amelie unsheathed her bastard sword from her back whilst the rest of her team had mag-coil guns or daggers forming from their arm braces and placed into their hands.

Had it not been for the necessity to leave as little traces of magic behind, she knew they would have much rather preferred to use their wands than any weaponry.

To this day, nearly all of the Illosian Guards and the IO Agents preferred to use hold their wands for combat instead of channelling their magic through their armour like it was possible to do like she did with her bastard sword and her gauntlets.

Of course, wands were far more flexible, nearly infinitely so, but when it came to combat, she believed that flexibility was a hindrance. Combat needed to be short and final, and with training and practice, the armour and weaponry would be able to do that far quicker and simpler than wands and spells did. Magicals had a tendency to be flash and overly elaborate with their magic and it reflected in their fighting. The amount of times she'd seen duels that looked more like dances…

In any case, none of them would be using their wands in this mission.

Whilst the nullification bubble would prevent their magical signatures from flaring up on the magical net cast across Central and Western Europe and much of Eurasia preventing them being not unlike prey caught in a web sending vibrations back to the spider to come scurrying their way, their magical signatures within the nullification bubble would still remain and unfortunately scrubbed magical signatures still left a lingering trace even if none could tell whom it belonged to.

Now once their mission was over, the only signatures remaining would be that of their enemies, they would need an element of that confusion should their actions be caught sooner than Seen.

Especially given that every day, even hour, was necessary for the other missions and rescues they practically committed on a daily basis before they retreated permanently out of Ravenite territory.

Shock and stealth was their ally and best friend.

She led them towards the edge of the hangar, the large castle in the middle of the forest coming into sight through their night vision. It had six battlements with no one standing guard on any of the battlements or anywhere else on the walls.

"T-Minus zero. Plasma bolt has been fired" the pilot told them and they watched a mass of white streak down from the ship towards the castle and her night vision turned itself off as the sensors measured enough light from the environment.

The deadly wards that protected the castle would not be able to withstand the force, the temperature nor the consistency of the plasma bolt and would buckle and strain in the attempt until it broke.

"Remember." Amelie voiced out into their broad comm network, her hand gripping the bastard sword with creaking tightness as she stared at the plasma bolt hit the domed magical energy barrier. The wards flashed into brilliance as it tried to resist, but it would be to no avail.

"No prisoners."

"HA!" her team voiced out fervently through the comms in unison, the clunking sound of gauntlets hitting their armoured chest briefly overpowered the sound of the rushing air and it was at that point that she dove head forward out of the hangar bay.

She fell like a stone cast down from the very top of a mountain, crashing downward at high speeds and she loved every second of it. It reminded her of the stories of Valkyries streaking down the sky on Pegasi with righteous Fury and she felt every sense of that similarity as she free fell with a hunger they so deserved to receive.

The wards broke, bursting like balloons under the sharp bite of needles and holes opened up within the wards before they dissipated away. The plasma bolt had not lost all of its energy in dealing with the wards, merely a fraction of it, and it crashed right in front of the front gates of the castle. The sound of the plasma bolt hitting wet earth was deafening, sick sounds of sizzling, cracking and explosion echoed eerily through the wilderness.

That would have woken them up if the wards being torn asunder hadn't.

She adjusted her falling towards bottom left battlement of the castle and only when she was ten seconds from hitting the hard stone did she slow her descend to near zero. She jerked in the air as if she had a fishing hook caught in her mouth, her momentum slashed into near zero and she twisted around, her left hand moving and her magic responding, and soon she, and the others floated down towards the battlements like dandelion seeds caught in a gust of wind.

She made her way towards the farthest battlement and it wasn't long before she landed with total silence, the runes on her armour already stifling any sounds that she or her armour could make.

She looked around and saw that the rest of her team were still floating down towards their designated places. Her team would be split in five teams of five and they would make their way through the bowels of the castle together.

Amelie angled her sword sharply and the sword sang beautifully as the air was cut with inhuman speed whilst she made her way towards the door that would lead her inside. She worked at her best alone.

Her HUD pulsed and showed her a map of the castle. There were hundreds within this compound and hundreds more concentrated in the lower floors of the castles.

The thick wooden door was smashed apart, the audible sound stilling the fourteen men at the far side of the hallway before they turned around towards her direction.

The hunger that she dulled ninety-nine percent of the time was finally allowed to be felt and her canines sharpened as her face twisted in a deranged and hungry snarl.

That hunger, that gnawing hunger always felt like it scratched at the inner linings of her stomach and at the grey mass of her brain with claws made out of broken glass and infectious nails, once upon a time threatened to drive her mad with yearning she felt for the blood of her prey. Now though, she thought as she crouched down closer to the ground, that hunger was her fuel, her hatred made unwound in righteous cause. It was her weapon she wielded with deathly perfection and precision.

Moments before she would have been able to physically see them, the tightly wound coils of her muscles were let loose and she, with a speed that make her appear nothing more than a blur to the human sight, crossed that distance in less than half a second.

Men adorned in Ravenite clothing moved in tight formation, little gaps and maximum overlap, their wand tips fizzling with a spell on their tongues but it would not matter. By the time their eyes noticed that she was in front of them, her sword was swinging upwards toward the first man on her left side and it cleaved through the man like a hot knife through butter.

She wasn't done and neither was the man she cleaved into two pieces dead either for within fractions of a second, she moved on towards the next man, her upward swing bearing down in a forty five degree cut and it cut through the neck and parts of the shoulder of the second man.

By now, the now twelve strong company had barely seen her rip through their comrades and moved to attack her. By the time the first spell was fired at her, another three men had died by her sword.

Gouging, cutting, explosive and destructive spells were flung towards her, the narrow corridor was broken into pieces by the panic stricken spellfire from the Ravenites but she danced out of the way for most of them, the narrow corridors allowed her greater mobility to stay out of the direct path of the spells as she danced and weaved her way through the enemy.

Arms were severed and flung, some still holding their wands, whilst heads were cleaved off whole or in half, their screams and panicky shouts did not to dissuade her from murdering her way through them all.

By the time she was done, all fourteen were dead and the corridor in rubble was splashed painted maroon with pieces and bodies lying in pools of blood and guts.
She had no time to appreciate her work for there was an explosion rocked underneath her that crumbled the floor into nothingness.

Her only reaction as she fell down was a widening of her bloody thirsty smile.

An hour later…

A herd of hateful eyes stared at Amelie and her team, a kind of that hate felt made her feel sick to her stomach. It looked so, so wrong, the way youthful and baby faces bore those eyes…and so, so familiar, so familiar that felt like it hurt physically.

The way their faces snarled as they shouted out expletives, the promises of pain and suffering made through rabid and unhinged speech…

To see such wrongness on the faces of children the age of her Nino…

She felt her stomach somersault into complex feelings. Fury, loathing, pity and guilt dominated but above all of those feelings, there was one emotion that triumphed above them all…fear. After all…

She'd seen those eyes before gazing back at her in her nightmares.

Her gaze broke away from the children and instead her gaze swept across at this last room. It was the same as the other two dozen and more bunkrooms she'd seen. The Ravenites had them bunked together in groups of ten in each bunkroom. The beds were little more than wet paper across a stone surface and there was no privacy.

She returned her gaze to the children and sighed inaudibly as she raised her hand towards them. One day they would understand.

There was little they could do for these children right now and not wishing to bear it any longer, she waved her left hand and darts flew from her arm brace that sought out the jugular vein in the children's neck flying much like evasive Snitches.

One by one, the children fell asleep. Andreas and Lyman stepped forward with the crate and began to carefully load each child into the crate where another of their team would place them in temporary stasis pods until they could have the mental damage undone. She never thought she'd see that kind of evil again in her lifetime…

"You OK boss?" Andreas asked concerned through the private comms as she stood unmoving for some time.

"Yes, Andy." Amelie said after a few moments as she turned towards the figure clad in grey-silver armour. Andreas was taller than she was but almost a head and a half.

He looked like a giant in the armour that he wore. Lyman took the crate and made towards the courtyard where the hovership was waiting on them.

As she watched Lyman disappear past the corridor she commented dryly and somewhat stiffly "I was merely thinking that there are no depths our enemy will sink to."

Andreas grunted through comms as his helmet nodded jerkily. "I wish I could say that I am surprised but really, I'm not." Andreas said with a sigh. "It seems like its standard Dark Lord modus operandi to force people into loyalty and their ideology. Even the young." he said with a dry tone though it wasn't hard to sense the angry undertones.

Amelie said nothing when she nodded to her subordinate before she made her way out of the room. By the time she arrived at the courtyard, the crates were being floated into the hangar bay of the ship one by one.

She saw Lillian and the other two having arrived in the interim and she made her way towards the woman. Lillian and the other two placed the nullification bubble around the castle.

"Ma'am" Lillian saluted and Amelie waved her away.

"Any signals or communications escape?" Amelia questioned. They wouldn't know for certain but the fact that an hour or so later they weren't beset by enemies from all sides boded well that their mission was successful and that the nullification bubbles weren't circumvented.

The problem was, she saw a few communication mirrors that concerned her. No magic was ever fool proof or unbreakable, as much as the eggheads would like to profess and she wanted to make sure the Far-Seers didn't miss anything.

Lillian tapped on her arm brace and a holo popped up "I do not believe so." She enthused as she scrolled through the logs of the wardstones. The nullification bubble not only prevented travel, magical communication or magical signatures from escaping the confines of the bubble but it also kept a record of the frequencies that it prevented from passing through on the wardstones themselves which were paired to their magi-coms.

"There are attempts to communicate through paired mirrors, and even an ancient messenger spell – you know those folded paper bird charms – but as far as I can tell, we are OK." Lillian said with a relieved smile in her voice.

Amelie internally sighed with relief and she felt her resolve harden as hateful eyes flashed in her mind. At least she now knew that the assurances by the Far-Seers that the nullification wardstones would work in keeping the mission contained were fine.

And now that it is confirmed, she knew that the next few weeks, they would be hitting every camp like this with brutal efficiency.

It wasn't long before they were all back on the hovership with a cargo of thirty two crates. "Well done everyone." Amelie said as she stared out at the faces of every man and woman in her team. She'd lost no one in her team today – she hadn't lost anyone for well over a decade and a half now – and she was proud of them for making sure they all made it out alive with perfect execution of the mission.

She tapped her arm brace. "We're good to go" she told the pilot and soon enough, they were bound to forward base in Greece.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Parelius Parkinson POV

He flicked his finger, the page on the holo turning, and continued read the report on the latest stirrings of the Ravenites. There was a knock on his door and Parelius looked up briefly from his holo and saw who it was, who it could only be at this hour. A look was enough for Parelius to give the man permission to enter before he continued to read the report.

"Cato." Parelius acknowledged without looking up from his holo.

"Sir." The black-haired man greeted as he approached Parelius' desk before taking a seat across from him. Parelius took a few more moments before he looked from his holo having finished reading to a satisfactory point. "The mission?"

Cato gave a thin smile. "Complete success" he said before leaning back in his chair relaxed. "No fatalities of the prizes and we still maintain a wide window."

Parelius hummed "As expected of course."

"Of course." Cato said with a nod but even though he didn't show any negative emotion, Parelius knew the man he spent years training better than the man knew himself. Cato disliked the ease with which the Far-Seers directed the IO with. Still, it was a dislike that Cato didn't let interfere with his responsibilities.

As expected.

Cato continued, his hands arched against one another as his posture took a more rigid, more controlled stance "Does our timetable change with this?"

Parelius eyed the dark-haired man. "It does. I will see it accelerated."

"They won't like that." Cato said with a piercing gaze.

Parelius smiled and it was a smile that could chill the blood of the most hot-tempered fool. "And yet it will happen." Parelius said as he slid the holo towards Cato.

Besides, Parelius had access to intelligence that spanned over a dozen timelines, timelines that the Far-Seers assigned to them weren't yet capable of seeing with the exception of Hypatia and one other. This path he favoured was one of them and it bore little consequence to the immediate and distant future.

Cato eyed it speculatively for a few moments before taking it.

Parelius watched the dark-haired man read through the report with an ever watchful gaze. Cato was one of his more successful protégés. A son of a Clan family, the Trest family, Cato was given and taught the best of both magical and muggle worlds allowing him the kind of flexible mind that Parelius shaped into what it was now.

An excellent intelligence agent who was shaping up well to be his successor.

"It's ambitious." Cato finally said after a moment and Parelius could hear the interested surprise and calculation measuredly leak out of Cato's voice.

Parelius only offered a shadow of a smile.

"They will not be able to prove it but they will know it is us. It could only be us."

"They already would know it is us from Cherkasy alone." Parelius commented without inflection in his voice. Cato nodded, understanding his point.

Illos was already known as the inheritor to the Atlantean legacy and with the King believed to having left with the expedition, any and all unexplainable happenings would fall on the shoulders of Illos. Amusingly, something that had already been happening years before news of 'Atlantis' was made public.

Even more amusingly, there were a few that certainly was their doing.

And whilst they would rightly believe it was Illos, they wouldn't know how. With their gambits in Asia and Southern, free Europe and North Africa, the Raven would be disinclined to wage open war with Illos and the Grand Alliance until he was in a better position.

"I'm all for it." Cato said calmly but Parelius knew that he was interested in taking lead in the more fruitful missions. Parelius understood. Cato, for nearly the whole of his career, had been on Illos as non-active duty intelligence agent, an agent who worked with information and could spot a still Snitch from a mile away.

And it was time for Cato to lead missions to quell the thinking that he was only an analyst instead of the Overseer that Parelius expected him to grow into becoming.

"Good. Then you can take point of the Moscow and the Bulgaria missions."

At this, Cato smiled widely and Parelius visibly saw Cato's mind run a mile a minute.

"You spoil me. Sir." Cato added the 'sir' part almost in an afterthought manner.

Parelius let it pass. It would enhance Cato's reputation in the IO and within the High Council which he would need if he wanted to be elected as Overseer of IO, especially if Moscow's haul was total without any loss. Which should be unlikely given that the hoard were in centralised locations in Moscow however well they might be defended.

With the Russian nobility having been gutted by Grindelwald and then later by the quasi-communist regime, more and more of Russia's wealth and knowledge had become centralised…including the loot they obtained from the other neighbouring Ministries and communities. Complacency and arrogance…

And once the Ravenites conquered the quasi-communist regime and imposed their rule on the Russians by taking over the old Russian feudal system – a system the communists had taken eager pleasure in replicating – the Ravenites kept the same places as the former ruling elite had kept their hoard beyond the few artefacts and texts they'd absconded with to Czechoslovakia which was their command centre.

A hoard that would soon fall in Illos' hands. They had little need for nearly all of it and most of its value was in denying their enemy resources whilst at the same time furthering their later goals of becoming the central place of knowledge of any kind.

"What do you want me to do with the locals?" Cato asked curiously before he turned serious. "There will be blowback. The Ravenites are fans of making examples."

Hmm…there would be significant blowback of course with the stitch up they'd be committing against the Russian people even if the Ravenite leadership would suspect Illos' fingers in it. But Parelius believed such things were irrelevant to Illos.

It wasn't as if there wasn't much of a population to punish. The influential families and nobility that survived the initial Ravenite conquest were all but dead now excepting of course the hundreds of scions that were now in Illos' hands.

Russia, it seemed, was served up to be an example to the rest of Ravenite controlled Europe in those days of wasteful massacres…and a warning to those who were spared the knife.

Which wasn't something the Raven or Cullaica would have to worry about insurgents any time soon. Their handiwork did enough to wither and crush bravery along with any initiative from within the hearts of most rebel cells in Europe.

Including amongst the Russians.

Not that it would have been likely given that without the nobility or the opportunistic bourgeoisie families the Russian people lacked much agency to do anything anyway.

The Russians that remained were lacking in both magic and in potential as a consequence of Russian societal structure. They had little value to Illos as it was and it would take far too much time and resources to rehabilitate them into something other than what they were. There were enough of that ilk in the magical world.

Should the Ravenites punish the inconsequential Russians for made up reasons such as treachery, as they are so keen and likely to do, it didn't matter to Parelius.

"Nothing." Parelius answered as he met Cato's gaze who, after a few moments, nodded his understanding behind a careful expression.

There was another reason why Parelius wanted Cato to take lead in Russia. He wanted to see if Cato had the heartlessness to condemn an entire people for the sake of their mission. To see if Cato could commit actions that would tar the soul of any ordinary person and if he'd come out of it stronger…or weaker.

"Bulgaria is another case however." Parelius said as he traced his finger across the table. Bulgaria, like in other regions like Germany, Austria or Denmark, there were a privileged few Houses that were exempted from total destruction.

But even those Houses didn't come out of the purges unscathed as branches had their scions taken to the same re-education camps as the other scions of destroyed Houses.

Cato glanced at the holo "The Krums." Cato stated before looking up again towards Parelius. "I didn't think we'd work with the Krums given their hand in our King's exile."

"I wouldn't call it work with." Parelius said with a thin smile before he returned to an emotionless expression which appeared as suddenly as the thin smile did.

"There will be a price to be paid for our assistance."

The Ministries and communities that bordered the Danube had little value in either artefacts or magical knowledge but what they did have was unique abilities that were passed down orally throughout the centuries in high secrecy, particularly certain kinds of animancy, the ability to manipulate the forces of life, which made them competitors to the shamans of West Africa when it came to that kind of magic.

Of course, it had little practical value, in combat, but in of itself, it was useful. Which was how the Krums had managed to leverage the survival of many of these communities even if a large of them were press ganged into servicing the Ravenites.

Whilst the Ravenites were comparatively mild in their treatment of these communities, these communities were also the most likely to join in causes they thought would get them somewhere other than dead.

Cato grimaced having understood at least somewhat where he was going with this.

"They'll want assurances." Cato remarked.

"And they will receive it." In so much that they'll be told whatever they wanted to hear. Of course Parelius would make an effort to address the fear they have of the Ravenites discovering their duplicity but in the grand scheme of things, ensuring the majority of them survived didn't matter to Parelius.

As long as enough survived that it ensured their magicks wouldn't die out along with not impeding the greater mission of magical unity, well…

The King and Queen wouldn't chastise him as long as he met their expectations.

Too much.

Cato didn't respond to that point and the meeting after that became more or less routine and soon enough he was left alone with his musings, musings that turned thoughtful as he skimmed over plans for the upcoming rescue missions again.

Parelius slid the Holo slightly away from himself as he leaned back from his seat and stared out into the dark cityscape of Celestis City.

A long while passed as he simply stared out at the sleepy, ever changing city.

He had to admit, when he first heard about the re-education camps, he'd thought it as devious as it was practical. It also furthered Parelius' thinking that the Raven was most certainly a former Grindelwald prisoner.

He even considered that the Raven was Grindelwald's final revenge beyond the grave should his attempt to re-form the world to his will and vision failed but he ultimately discarded that if only for the fact that the Raven was far more ruled by emotions in his actions than if he had been Grindelwald's intended weapon.

What he did think however, was that Grindelwald would find some sense of joy in his final legacy. The Raven was as tied to Grindelwald in a way that made it seem as if he were the deceased Dark Lord's own son, a son that bore heavy hatred towards the nobility and the power structures that facilitated Grindelwald's rise and subsequently led to whatever made the Raven the man he was.

It was a brutal vengeance too, one that ironically reminded Parelius of the classic tales of sons eager to tear down the legacy of their hated fathers, the way that the Raven reduced complicit Houses of storied and powerful bloodlines to nothing more than tools of war for the Ravenites.

Incredibly practical too.

It was a fact that wizards and witches from ancient bloodlines spawned the most powerful magicals frequently. Through centuries of breeding and crafting of family magic, wizards and witches of ancient bloodlines were more attuned to magic and they were, simply said, more magical beings than squibborns were who had their magic diffused by muggle blood or younger bloodlines who had neither time or talent to bind traits and affinities to their bloodlines that would improve the quality of their bloodline.

In any Empire or nation, to leave powerful players in position of authority and strength unhindered would spell doom for those newly in power.

After all, that was exactly what happened in Germany and Austria and the other Ministries that invited a devouring beast to their home and hearth in return of sitting atop a seat made out of the bones of their countrymen and other unworthies.

Just as it happened before with Grindelwald.

Getting rid of these families who were magically strong, wealthy and had historical entitlement to power was practical as was indoctrinating the surviving scions into tools of the Raven.

Most of the Ravenites were of insignificant lineage, those who needed something and someone to believe in. Parelius, in the privacy of his own company, allowed shades of ironic amusement to pass through him.

It was if the Raven was the shadow to the King's light.

Parelius shook his head.

Most of the Ravenites were insignificant strength of magic and as a collective they were unimpressive. There was a reason why the Ravenites attacked in groups like a murder of crows. Strength in numbers could and would overwhelm anyone.

History proved that well enough.

As much as he preferred the other option, dealing with the potential Sorcerer level scions as soon as possible was something he agreed with. Still, if he had his way, he'd write them off as lost causes however. Even if he had assurances that eventually it would be worth it like their missions scouring Europe of any and all magicks, powerful artefacts and priceless texts alike, was certain to be.

Parelius tapped his finger on the arm of his chair before he stapled together as he stared out at the sleeping City. Fortunately, he supposed, he had enough evidence from the healers to indicate that the indoctrination process wouldn't become practically irreversible if they acted within a certain window.

Not that it mattered given that the window they were operating in, the window before the Ravenites would catch on and move to counter, was far shorter than that possibility. A window they would have no problem in working to.

Irritatingly, after that, it would be years before anything happened with the scions.

The method of indoctrination – the same mental manipulation techniques employed by Grindelwald only deeper and more entwined with the subconscious – made untangling the manipulation virtually unmanageable in the immediate term for a group that ranged in the thousands.

It took the King months to untangle the mental manipulations and instructions from Ms Cantona's mind and she had been an adult with matured magic and mind and the King a master of the Mind Arts.

Their best Mind healers and Mind Arts masters indicated that, it would take years to rehabilitate younger people with flexible but fragile minds should they have the same depth of subversion as Ms Cantona once had.

Parelius sighed. Yet the King and Queen wanted what they wanted, he mused to himself. The benefits, beyond simply having a significant number of powerful wizards and witches indebted to Illos, were of course obvious.

To the rest of the magical world, it would be an act of compassion and great morality in the face of evil and monstrosity. Illos would win a moral victory and held in greater esteem by the wider magical world.

Every magical culture and society considered magical children as treasures after all.

It would also make Illos an even greater power to the rest of the more sceptical and wary magical nations. If Illos has the capability to undo mental manipulations of such degree, did they also not have the ability to make such mental manipulations?

At times, when dealing with recalcitrant people or societies unwilling to even consider the alternative, fear was a necessary tool to wield. No powerful individual feared anything more than the loss of free will and agency.

The King and Queen believed they would hit two birds with one stone…preserving powerful bloodlines indebted to Illos and the Monarchy that could never be paid off and of course the slow crawl towards Illos occupying the central moral and spiritual leadership before Exodus is set to happen.

Of course, the news of the rescue wouldn't be made public until after Illos joined the war and after the indoctrination was removed which wouldn't be any time soon.

At present, the hovership carrying the cargo and the team was enroute towards their base in the Ionian islands before taking the cargo to a facility in the Marshal Islands, a facility on some long ago abandoned island warded from muggles eyes centuries ago, where there were some sixty trained Mind healers waiting to treat them.

They were adept enough to reverse the mental manipulation and subversion but it would take them years to reverse even a few hundred patients.

It was why when they acquired the rest of the indoctrinated scions in the next few weeks they would be put into a stasis sleep that would effectively put them in limbo until the time arose for them to be awakened and treated.

Parelius returned his attentions to the holo and sat there staring at it for a few seconds before he picked it up once more. With a wave of the hand, an inkless quill flew from the cabinet and placed its tip onto his desk.

With a few motions of his fingers, the quill was linked to his magic and his mind and with a momentary flickering of his eyelids, he separated his mind into two different streams of thought as he leaned back into his chair, his Holo in hand.

He would read with one stream and in another mind-stream he would dictate the quill to put down his thoughts. The next few months had many, many things happen that Illos needed to take advantage of.

Another series of opportunities like this would not happen again in the coming years.

It would make the Ravenites cautious, akin to a wounded predator not yet backed into a corner, and it would move them nicely along towards the future of a ravaged magical world eager to fall into Illos' hands.

Warm and gentle hands that would beckon and harken these desperate peoples into their bosom.

It was hours later before he flicked his fingers.

Numbers formed in the air, thirteen past two.

It was twenty minutes later that he walked out of the Main Tower and it wasn't long before he was walking down Tower Street towards the bridge that connected the residential rings and the rest of Illos.

In this late hour, streets that were as busy as Alexandria or the muggle cities were, were bare and hardly traversed by people. It was also his favourite hour to walk down the city that was growing ever more into its bones as the years turned over.

Over time, the inner parts of the city began to host more of the affluent members of society as house prices skyrocketed when the population of Illos began to grow as more and more people arrived at the city.

The wealthy merchants, business owners and researchers who got rich off of their ideas bought up homes close to the Main Tower, the Pandrosion and the National Museum from the first settlers who'd came with the King.

The money had been too good to pass up for those people and with the assistance provided by the High Council, they were able to purchase cheaper homes further from the centres of power. It was an inevitability, this outcome.

However much the King espoused equality and meritocracy, accumulation of power and wealth were an inevitability. It was a human condition, one that transcended magic and blood. Parelius shook his head. The King knew this anyway, despite his idealistic musings. A pragmatic realist that held onto his idealisms.

When he made it home to his detached home by the bridge, he made straight towards the drink cabinet before sitting down in his living room, his right leg crossing over his left before he leaned back. He took a swill of his single malt whiskey, before he lazily waved towards the Holo screen which turned it on.

"Play Astrixus and Oberon Episode Fourteen" he said to the Holo screen and soon enough, a faint smile crept on his face as the show began its intro, the sight of a stupid brawling quasi-viking giant with his oversized battle axe and his more refined competent though shorter companion a welcome sight in this late hour.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------


29th​ of October, 1971 – Monte Barrio, nearby Monte Pelpi, Italy

Cullaica POV

His hands rose, slowly, his wrists bending delicately as he hummed in the back of his throat, his eyes falling like white cloaks over the bodies of the enviable dead.

"Requiem aeternam dona ets, Domine, et lux perpetua luceat ets…" he muttered, his hands moving in intricate sways and motions like he was performing an orchestra and the crackling sounds of the burning houses behind him was soothing, a melody that danced to his music and that momentarily flamed the chaotic fires of his soul, even if the dead music of the cries of the momentary blips of existence was a shame and a loss he felt.

"My Lord…they have activated the anti-portkey and apparation wards."

His hands fell down, back beside his body as he turned to glance at the disciple before returning his gaze, his eyes sharpening to that of a hawk, towards the array of over a thousand enemies, the momentary blips that would soon join the other blips into the ether.

A shark-like grin formed and plastered across his leather face, his hum once discontinued continued once more. The intro, the debut, had ended but the chorus was about to follow.

The Italians and the ICW were prepared, standing ready, adorned in carmine dragonhide robes layered and spelled with charms that he could see even from this distance away, their arrogance shining through as they stood to intimidate him with their inaction safe in the belief that they had him cornered.

Cullaica's grin widened even further, threatening to spread out from his face like a plague as he listened to the songs of their magic.

They were eager for blood and gore, their magic vibrating with eager and brave anticipation to cast him down into the abyss of the Lost and it was delightful. Their magic sung so determined, so loudly, with a righteous chord infected with hope that made him shiver in revulsion as he felt its touch into the ether of magic.

How beautiful it will be for that chord to be thrown into disharmony, Cullaica thought as his eyes began to shine with bottomless depths of malevolence.

For days, they've been chased by their lovely hosts across the Italian North as they butchered their ways through the few magical villages in these parts of Italy.

And for days, they'd gotten away again and again as they drew further inland all while whittling down their forces before hitting them again in smaller task forces, keeping off-centre and to draw out their most effective men.

The fact that he lost eight task forces was insignificant given that it has led to this very moment, this moment that he would savour with every inch of his body.

Front and centre of the battalion of ICW and Italian forces was Li Lei, the only one who would make all of this interesting until the rest of their peers came to play. Cullaica breathed in deeply with a shiver traversing the length of his body. The mere thought of ripping apart Li Lei into small itty bitty chunks was exciting him.

And Li Lei did not disappoint.

Even this far away, Cullaica sensed that Li Lei was different, that he was worthy, a future symbolic trophy that would hang proudly over his cold and wet abode.

He was alike Mars in the night sky compared to his compatriots who shone like insignificant specks of dusts that hung dully in the sky and Cullaica drank it all in, Li Lei's appearance and the tune of his music, like a parched man drinking water from a miraculous oasis in the heart of the desert.

Everything about Lei was a stark contrast to his fellows.

Instead of the carmine robes his fellows wore, Li Lei on the other hand…His dress was loose and flimsy looking with richly ornamented and embroidered designs on a backdrop of a regal yellow. His hands were covered in finger bracelets that gleamed under the light of the sleepy sun, bracelets that acted as a focus just as a wand would.

Li Lei looked every bit a legendary Chinaman of ancient times gone.

And every bit a champion of the parasites that sought to prevent the inevitable, the sweet blissful inevitability of the reality they were destined to spark into existence.

And with another army of Ravenite disciples attacking Lei's own people, Cullaica confirmed with intel from his informants still within the ICW that Li Lei was under heavy pressure from both the ICW and his people to deal with Cullaica and his men as quickly as possible before being allowed leave to defend his homeland.

The grin on Cullaica's face diminished, his pale leather-like face slackening.

It was amusing, infuriatingly amusing, like watching a fool fail time again at simple and mundane tasks, that Li Lei allowed himself to be so weak against those who could not stand a candle to his power and his ability, that he allowed himself to be made to bend to the whims of those who were insignificant.

Li Lei allowed himself to be bound to order, to the order of their lessers. But then…Lei did not understand, would not understand even if it stared him in the face and Cullaica would see Lei break instead before he snuffed out Lei's wasteful life.

The corners of his mouth rose minutely as he considered why he chose this magical village, this site for this confrontation. This was the site that Hannibal, Carthage's greatest hero, had lost his last elephant of his army, a death that symbolised the futility and disastrous outcome of his defeat on his march to Rome.

Where Hannibal failed, he would succeed and where else but here would it be fitting for their giant, their last giant, their only giant to be slain at this historical site?

Cullaica's wand slid into his hand, the thorny edges of his wand sinking into his scarred palm with familiar sting as the wood creaked under the pressure of his hand.

Just as blood dripped out of his wounds, his magic began to eke out of its chaotic cage like toxic fumes from the caldera of a volcano.

"Rex…Rex…Rex…" Cullaica muttered before he glanced over his shoulder.

"Activate the Seal of Solomon" Cullaica commanded, his semi-permanent grin fading as away and the skin of his face formed into pale faultlessness, his mauve eyes aglow with chaotic power.

Once upon a time, two thousand years ago, the Seal of Solomon would be used to against the marauding Nabataean magical tribes in Petra, Jordan, in a victory that would eventual lead to their submission to the warmages of Rome.

Today, it would hail the end of the last remnants of proud, proud Rome.

"As you command." The disciple bowed before retreating away into the faceless masses of the other disciples whose music of obedience was a vibrato to his rising orchestra.

Cullaica turned back towards the waiting blips, their patience wearing thinner as endless time ticked away despite their beliefs that they had him cornered and at their mercy with twice the forces and equal numbers of Archmages.

The music that ticked at the back of his mind grew louder, the Latin words of wailing women more desperate, more haunting and forever more beautiful and he stepped forward of his men, his hum stretching the note of the masterpiece as he raised his arms high and wide, as if to beckon them forth, to him and finally, finally, they began to move towards him like stampeding bison.

A quarter of his disciples moved as well, running passed him with a silent battle cry willingly to their deaths and the very sight shook his heart with quaking delight.

"Lacrimosa dies illa, Qua resurget ex favilla" he muttered in a sing song voice, all levity gone from his voice as reality began to shriek in beautiful agony, waves of power began to turmoil around him, waves of power that scythed through reality around him as if were wheat and barley in a golden field.

As cyan tendrils of magic began to boil off of him, his finger played with the signet ring on his hand, the ancient ring that worked in tandem with the long thought destroyed Seal of Solomon artefact that could lock an entire city of magicals from escaping its confines, the same magic that inspired modern confinement wards.

CRACKKKKK

His finger broke as he pressed down on it, the brief but sharp ache made his magic quiver in tremulous glee and just as the first spells were fired, beautiful in their flashes of light and murderous intent, he intoned "Confinio", the word of power pulsing into the ether of magic and he felt the very structures of the ether shift.

An ethereal hexagram encircled the battlefield, a hexagram of cerulean hue that gonged with an awful clang that sent a beautiful discordant note into the ether of magic, a note that elicited shudders within the very core of one's being.

Their enemies realised the trap that was sprung on them and the men on brooms that hovered about like pesky flies raced towards his disciples, towards him, and Cullaica's hum rose in volume, his hum vibrating much like his magic quivered with chaotic frequency as Li Lei flew into the sky riding a spiralling ball made out of air and darted towards him with magic rippling out of him with increasing power.

'Not yet, my trophy, not yet' Cullaica thought with a bright gleam in his eyes as he sensed the furnace of power emanating from Li Lei grow with each passing moment.

His wand arm, slack and loose, rose with lazy motion yet burned with intent as the tendrils of his magic began to rise into the sky before it was stood akin to a lighthouse at the top of jagged cliff with murderous waters roiling and crashing below.

Cullaica spared a symbolic glance to the sky, his mauve eyes gleaming with hungry provocation. 'I hope you're watching, Heirs to Atlantis' he thought to himself as he prepared himself for modified spell that took him and the Raven years to alter so that it was speedier at the cost of power.

He raised his thorny blood soaked wand above him, the tip of his wand glowing an ethereal silver glow, an unwanted light that chased away the beautiful and seductive abyss.

As Li Lei increased his speed with frantic desperation as he recognised the very spell that was forming, Cullaica's magic rose in crescendo, the density of the air increasing as magic soaked into it, his chaotic magic, his destructive magic, and a familiar silver circlet of hell formed above him.

As his disciples behind him ran forwards towards Li Lei, acid green spells springing forth from their wands, the very earth around him began to writhe into pained starvation, the once lush green grass around him turning brown before blackening as cyan tendrils of his magic lanced into it whilst he whirled his wand above his head in a wide unending loop that widened with each pass, with each completed circuit.

Wisps of ethereal silver exuded from his wand and latched onto the circlet in a spiral form, empowering it, feeding it and it grew and grew until it formed into an oblong disk of silver white, its radiant glow casting a massive light onto the world below before it twisted and stood vertically, its long surface angled towards his enemies.

Enemies who realised with terrified horror of what he was about to cast, but it was too late, just as Lei was too late as his disciples delayed him just long enough and Cullaica began to sing the song of the army killer "wishuea I o meniayashi luosh fasha cindiok FUIIIE"

Li Lei's horrified face was stuck on his face as he stopped in the air as if he met a sudden and unstoppable wall when the very world shifted around the words of power, words that enacted something that could not be stopped, that would not be stopped, and Lei realized it moments before he twisted a golden violet shield around him and darted away with blistering speed when the ethereal disk that had been emitting waves upon waves of silver white energy stopped.

Cullaica's eyes darkened just as the disk's surface warped into a void of absolute blackness, a void that was bereft of warmth and light, a vessel of the abyss just as Cullaica was a vessel of the chaos that belonged within that bottomless darkness.

The whine that cracked through the air, through reality, was deafening in its jagged gluttonous disharmony and the terrified terror that soaked through the ICW and Italian forces palpable cracked through the screen of disharmony like honey leaking out of its honeycomb confines.

"Ioshi yelmanush, gartush" the world shifted once more, the whining sounds that emanated from the pitch black disk stilled the very air, a chasm of desolate un-wind hung in the air and it was akin to poisonous paralysing fumes and in that half moment, thousands of silver black rocks spewed from the disk in dizzying speeds blotting out the shy sun with their sheer number and Cullaica's plasticine face melted in a contemptuous grin made out of delight when they smashed into the opposing army and his men with uncaring lack of prejudice.

The very earth shook, rumbling, ebbing and flowing as if it was a turbulent sea with each single strike, the howling screams and broken shouts a choir to the orchestra of destruction that sliced through earth and rock as easily as hot knives through flesh.

When the spell petered out, the dust settled and small craters painted the torn apart earth, and he saw that only half of the thousand plus strong army were still alive with none of the men on brooms still bothering the skies as they had done before.

"Go." Cullaica commanded of his disciples to deal with the remnants of the ICW and Italian forces all while his eyes searched out in the orange and brown hued skies filled with dust and debris and his mauve glowing eyes began to gleam with unkindness when he felt the twitch of Li Lei's magic.

Cullaica form below his waist began to twist and contort into an undulating black smoke before he jetted off into the sky towards Li Lei, a hungry, ravenous grin adorned on his face as he split the dust clouds with his speed.

Li Lei was unharmed, his loose dress fluttered in the wind, and he shone like a vengeful angel with the way his serene magic furiously ebbed out of him, an ebbing that slackened the control which with Lei had before strummed with and in its stead, when Lei saw Cullaica, an organ blazed out in full volume, his magic whipping around him with the furious power of a tsunami.

A tsunami of magic that seemed to double in intensity with each passing second, the very air crackling with the amount of magic that exuded out of Li Lei. Li Lei's face was stony, an unfailing mask, but his glowing dark eyes could not hide the malice and hatred he felt for Culliaca.

For a moment, time seemed to pause as their gaze met, cold glowing mauve eyes meeting contempt-filled dark ones, and an understanding passed between them, an understanding that seeped within the cracks of their souls, an understanding that made it clear only one of them would survive this encounter.

The moment passed, time resumed and Li Lei's arms were a blur as the very air around him altered, air that began to glimmer and howl as it formed into half arc blades.

Hundreds of blades began to circle around Lei as Cullaica closed the distance and snapped his wand forward, ahead of him, the tip of his wand crackling with sickly yellow magic waiting obediently to spring free and unleash an intro of spells.

The spiral of blades streamed forward towards Cullaica, the very air whistled around the pressurised blades, and Cullaica unleashed the sickly spell, Cume Thoden, a dark super-heated whirlwind spell that could melt skin as easily as it could shear it off.

A brilliant explosion painted the space between them, licks of hot air touched his skin as he flew forward towards Li Lei who'd also moved with vengeful speed.

Li Lei lanced his arm forward, the palm of his hand perpendicular to his arm and a wave a hundred meters wide and tall of cursed ice surged from the centre of Lei's palm towards Cullaica, a surge that tore through the air with the power and force of torrential rivers during the height of monsoon.

Cullaica knew he couldn't twist out of it in time and didn't try to as he slashed his wand around him with blinding speed, arcs of glowing, crackling cyan strands of magic formed around him like steel wires of a bird's cage, the smell of burning ozone and the sensation of bone burning heat flashed over him before he drew back his wand, the cyan strands latching onto his wand like iron dust to a magnet.

As the wave of cursed ice approached him, mere seconds away from crashing into him, he swept his wand forward and unleashed the crackling free-form magic towards the cursed ice, the burning electric strands of magic sizzling through the air until it crashed into the torrential ice, steam erupting as two streams of magic met.

Chunks of cursed ice broke free as the two spells battled for dominance, Cullaica's wand arm shaking as he poured in more power into his free form magic, chunks the size of horse-carriages rained down towards the battle that roared below.

With a snarl, Cullaica pushed more magic into his wand, his wand vibrating with the sheer volume of magic that it was channelling, and four, eight, sixteen, two hundred and fifty six additional strands poured out of his wand and veered beyond the titanic clash of magic that hung in the space between himself and Lei.

Lei wasn't idle either, the cursed ice broke into a million pieces, thousands of shrapnel were sent careening into his direction but Cullaica drew back his wand and shoved it forward, dozens of cyan strands weaving through the air to strike down each cursed shrapnel.

The strands were only partially successful and Cullaica was forced to shield against the shrapnel made out of cursed ice which peppered his shield with violent speed. He could feel his shield strain against the cursed ice, ice that he now sensed could eat through his skin and burn bone. 'How delightfully violent' he mused for a second.

Whilst Cullaica shielded against the shrapnel, Lei evaded the eviscerating strands of magic he'd sent to the Chinaman before Lei stopped and unleashed an explosion of pressurised air that tore through the strands like flesh would under the jaws of sharks.

Lei's arms swept in front of him, his arms moving in intricate motions and Cullaica's hairs stood roughshod upward as he felt the pressure of the air around him drop rapidly. Cullaica didn't stand still to wait for Lei and the battle began in earnest as both of them unleashed a hail of spells, violent and furious spells.

Cullaica's wand was a blur in motion, the tip of his wand sizzling and crackling with spells that could tear and rip and melt away even enchanted goblin silver whilst Li Lei churned out elemental spell after elemental spell in their dance of death.

As they battled in beautiful, gloriously chaotic battle, they rose and rose further into the sky, the clouds and atmosphere shifting ever so slowly as their furious magic began to alter the composition of the environment around them.

The clouds darkened, light from the shy sun was filtered out from all sight as the magic both Archmages cast turned more violent, more primal, instincts set loose from the cages of restraint, and the air chilled to arctic temperatures as Li Lei turned into the very symbol of nature's fury.

Veins of lightning formed in the dark, almost black clouds and Li Lei swept and weaved his arms like a snake charmer before he made moves to direct the shower of lightning towards Cullaica.

Cullaica cut his wand across above his head, blocks of impervious stone was conjured out of thin air and he was peppered with shards of stone as streams of lightning struck down at him and when the lightning stopped, Cullaica circled his wand around in small tight loops, the shards of stone thinning, sharpening after which Cullaica twisted his wand and enchanting the daggers of stone with a flesh eating curse before Cullaica jabbed his wand forward, the hundreds of daggers hurdling forward with blistering speed.

Cullaica wasn't done however, and he widened his arms, the depths of his chaotic magic unfurling in totality as he shone like a cyan star amidst the black clouds, his magic humming with the march of lamenting music.

Li Lei wasn't idle either and shifted into another stance, his arms wide and motioned into forming a round circle in front of him. Thick, monstrously large chains of metal began to be conjured around him, chains that bore magma-esque thorns that steamed under the presence of the wet air, circling around him like two great predators circling around each other in the few moments before a fight of dominance ensued.

As the daggers neared Li Lei, he brought his hands close to each other and after a half a second passed, he clapped his hands together, the sound of his clap impossibly reverberating through the air with the strength of a hawk's cry, and the chains of yellow silver metal shot forward, the sounds of its clanging metal a haunting sound of death.

The chains ripped through Cullaica's daggers, not that Cullaica expected any different, and Cullaica languidly drew his wand perpendicular to his body, the maelstrom of magic that raged around him rising in crescendo, higher and higher, until he simply uttered one phrase "Ardeo Atrum".

For a moment, his cyan magic dimmed, the world around him matched the same hue as the dark clouds above him, as if colour and warmth was sucked out of existence, until he flared with sickening brilliance and a blue black spell in conical shape of massive proportions shot of the tip of his wand.

The air crackled and popped and sizzled, a roaring blaze echoed with unimaginable fierceness as hell fire howled towards the fast approaching deathly chains, chains that were subsumed as the two forms of magic met.

The chains continued on their path as it was subsumed by the hell fire yet its speed slowed, more and more, and the roaring blaze deepened in volume as Cullaica increased the temperature of his spell with a biting snarl.

It was enough as the solidity of the chains began to fade and drops of molten metal began to drip towards the battlefield below until a few of those drops stopped falling and hovered into the air. Ten, a hundred, a thousand, ten thousand drops of metals hovered before they shot towards him with maddened speed.

Cullaica stopped the hell fire and moved to defend himself with Recutio, a shield that could deflect anything save for the Unforgivables and the molten drops of cursed metal clanged against his shield, veering off into every vector though Cullaica wasn't satisfied with that and he raised his left hand in a claw like gesture and invisible tendrils of magic latched onto to a few of the molten pieces before he, with a vicious snarl, jabbed his claw-like hands forward and sent them careening towards Li Lei who was conjuring a hail storm of ice around him.

The assault of the molten droplets of metal stopped and the few pieces Cullaica sent forward did nothing to stop Li Lei's next move.

The dark clouds turned abyssal black, resembling a night sky without there ever being hints of stars with only a few streaks of lightening rippling through the black clouds breaking the beautiful monotony of darkness, of nothingness, and eerie thunder boomed and clapped with deafening strength, torrential rain began to pour down in non-linear fashion as howls of winds sheared in every and any direction.

Cullaica's grin was ugly in delight.

Li Lei stood serene even as his magic was thrown into a frenzy of chaos, fist sized blocks of ice danced around his form like a swarm of fruit flies. Cullaica flashed a hungry smile as he slowly brought his wand to bear, his robes fluttering in the chaotic atmosphere and Li Lei took that as a foolish confirmation that the battle was to continue and that it did.

Cullaica's laughter was an abhorrent, wretched sound as terrifying salvos of magic were thrown around in careless and unceasing abandon. The very world shook with each spell and every free form magic that was made to flash into existence, reality itself was being torn asunder as streaks of magic lingered longer than they ought to, otherworldly streaks that opened momentary windows into the great ether of magic.

He lived for this, all the pain, the suffering he endured and enticed others endure with him, all of it was worth it for just this moment, this moment of pure magic.

The sky shimmered in agony as the world was made into an ode of their battle, of their duet, great and terrible magic that wreaked and tore with awe inspiring power and the world shook with every note of their brilliance and in his appreciation of the madness, he was caught off guard and was hit on his right side, his arm slashed off as he was cast down in a blast of ice and he fell violently, aimlessly like a vulture with a torn wing.

Cullaica summoned his wand from his torn arm and managed to catch it with his remaining hand as he tumbled downward and as the ground approached, blood spewing from the stub just under his shoulder, the pain that throbbed nothing but a dull ache that could never compare to the pain he felt daily in their old sweet home, he somersaulted moments before he crashed into the ground and met the ground with both of his feet with a heavy thud before he created a swirling golden shield that whined and whizzed with furious power.

It was a good thing too as spears made out of solid fire smacked into his shield within moments of erecting it and Cullacia grinned like a madman, his magic vibrating with an impatient thrum. Yes…there would be no mercy, no surrender, he thought with delirious joy, his face tightening as tumorous growth burbled from the stub, a blob of pale mass rippling out of the open wound before the mass slightly lengthened, undulating all the while, before a brand new arm splashed out from the blob of mass.

Cullaica didn't have a moment to enjoy the new arm when he sensed magic emanating from below him and it was moments after he dashed away that the ground where he once stood melted away like candlewax before burbling like boiling water.

Cullaica slashed his wand and a violent stream of water spewed forward towards to the massive hand made of magma that surged out from the liquid pool of molten earth.

Water and magma smashed into each other and steam smoked out and it was then that he saw Li Lei racing towards him with serpents made out of stone spiralling around his form, his hands aglow with violet orange hues and Cullaica's grin widened ever more greatly when he noted Li Lei's look of surprise at his regrown arm.

Cullaica twisted his wand with blinding speed before he jabbed his wand forward as he came to a stop, the ground terribly quaking before a mountain sized boulder ripped from the ground towards Li Lei who stopped and landed, his hands rising just as his magic rose in strength, his dark eyes aglow with power as the boulder raced towards to the Chinaman.

Li Lei raised his hands, his fingers bending before he dashed them forward and the boulder stopped and it hung in the air for a fraction of a second before it was transfigured into millions of petals of flowers yet Li Lei was not done, no, his hands moved with inhuman speed and the petals of flowers creaked as they were turned into ice that began to glow a poisonous green.

Cullaica didn't wait for the spell to finish and flew forward, his body almost hugging the ruined terrain as he closed the distance between himself and Li Lei.

With an almost lazy gesture, the shards of ice were sent flying towards Cullaica and Cullaica twisted around in mid air, his wand moving quickly in tight circles and strips of earth ripped out from the ground and began to twist around Cullaica.

With another set of incredibly fast wand movements, the strips of earth formed into a crystal clear dome with impenetrable strength against anything but fire. His physical shield was bombarded with the shards of ice yet as he approached Li Lei, the shards of ice, instead of bombarding his dome began to envelop it.

Cullaica's eyes widened at the sound of his shield beginning to creak under the weight of the ice shards that now formed a blanket over his shield before he felt his momentum stop, as if something had gripped the dome with immense strength, and now he was a prisoner encased in poisonously green ice.

Cullaica gritted his teeth as he twirled his wand around him, strengthening the dome with more magic yet he could feel the outside layer of his dome cracking and breaking, the poisonous ice seeping into his dome more and more, and he was forced to shrink the walls of his dome to a smaller size to conserve the strength of the dome.

He knew was in trouble, deep trouble, and the thought of dying at the hands of his trophy enraged him and he raged out, his voice turning demonic as his cyan hued magic turned darker, more corrosive before he exploded with unrestrained fury, the well of magic that was within him shattering his dome and the prison made of ice with blind, breathless power.

The very world around him was corroded with his power and as Li Lei rushed forward towards with disgust and contempt etched on his face, Cullaica's mad unravelling shattered even further, the trill of his corrosive magic a song of lunacy.

Lances ripped out from the ground around him yet as soon as they entered the sphere of corrosive magic, they shattered into specks of dust and Cullaica, as he began to walk slowly, deliberately, towards the incoming Li Lei, flashed his wand with blurring speed as a torrent of spells crackled from the tip of his wand, each spell cast with such power that created an aftershock as it ripped out from his wand.

Li Lei was a blur in motion, skirting and dashing out of the way all while elemental magic of unforeseen power was strewn around, defensive and offensive, and he matched Cullaica with stride with stride, with spell with element, each of them hurling village destroying levels of magic at each other until Li Lei managed to find a moment, the very eye of the needle.

Cullaica had to spin around, his body moving without thought as he danced his way out of the slashes made of out impossibly dense air that could cut through any known materials.

The slashes gouged through the earth behind him for an untold distance and Cullaica brought his wand to bear, the world dulled into nothingness as deafening crackling spun out of the tip of his wand, Mortalitia Caliga, a spell that shot out a mist of acid with no counter curse, which caught Li Lei in surprise as he hadn't expected Cullaica to evade his spell nor the fraction of a second later spell that was racing towards him.

Cullaica didn't stop there, his wand moving from once more, the tip of his wand jerking upward as vines grew out of the area surrounding Li Lei though he left them buried. Li Lei clapped and generated a shield made out of euphorically blue water which sizzled as it shielded him from the acid before twisted his hands around and the shield that protected him formed into a hail storm, the uniform shield breaking into rain drops that glowed an ethereal below before Li Lei jabbed his hands forward and the drops raced forward like bullets that seemed to burn the air.

Cullaica drew back his wand and with a roar swept his wand diagonally, webs of otherworldly glowing lines streamed forward from his wand before linking up to form into a solid cage and with a flourishing twist of the wrist, he cast it forward.

The bullet fast drops of ethereal water hit the cage yet it could do nothing as it splashed harmlessly against the cage and it continued onto its path towards Li Lei whose face was etched in surprise before he got into another stance and kicked forward, the ground rumbling before a column of black stone shot towards the cage.

And as the black column met the cage, it broke apart in a gruelling explosion, the cage continuing onto its path towards Li Lei.

Li Lei darted to the left with blinding speed, his elemental powers helping him to move past human speeds, yet the cage followed him everywhere he went and Cullaica turned the palm of his left hand upward, his mauve eyes hard in concentration as a javelin was wandlessly conjured above his head.

Li Lei's expression twisted into a snarl as he released he would need to stop and act and that's what he did before he contorted his body and jumped into the air, his left hand clenching at his right wrist and a beam of magic exploded from the centre of his palm, a violet orange lancing beam that shook the very ground they stood on.

It smashed into the cage and its movement was stopped as it struggled against the pure violent stream of magic and it wasn't long before cracks began to appear on the surface of the cage. Cullaica scowled before he jerked his left hand and sent the javelin flying. The spell for that cage, Cavea, was meant to be immune to nearly all forms of magic excepting magic-eating spells like Fiendfyre yet he watched on as that beam of magic finally tore through the cage.

Li Lei moved his head to the left and the javelin moved past his head and the magic around Li Lei grew thicker, denser, more violent, winds of crackling magic danced around him as Li Lei seem to distorted before he moved.
Cullaica's eyes widened dramatically as Li Lei closed the distance between in the space of a second and Cullaica was forced to churn out spell after spell to stop Li Lei from closing the distance yet it was proving to be more difficult than he anticipated as Li Lei continued to approach him.

Li Lei was spinning, twisting, jumping, his body seemed to move free from the ground at will, as if gravity could hold no command over him, his dexterity and nimbleness made him akin to an eel, slippery, far too slippery and it was when Li Lei was less than ten paces away that Li Lei's eyes flashed with a blinding glow, the world shifting as ropes made of iridescent violet magic was thrown towards Cullaica and he just about managed to fire away a whip of cursed fire that smacked into the violet ropes.

An explosion rippled through the distance between them and Cullaica was thrown off of his feet though he spun himself upright and just in time too as the same beam of violet orange light raced towards him.

Cullaica snarled and whipped around him a golden shield, Fortis Aegis, and his shield clang as the whizzing beam smacked into his shield.

His eyes widened when cracks formed in his shield and he dropped it and twisted around all while side stepping the beam before he snapped of his wand and a sickly brown spell fizzed out of his wand, Exosso, a bone eating curse, that Li Lei evaded with ease before the Chinaman once more closed the gap.

Cullaica's mauve eyes glowed murderously as he snarled, his arms raising upward, and hundreds of stone arms rose from the ground to seize Li Lei.

Li Lei darted around, evading the grasping stone hands before he swept his arm across and a blade of super-condensed air cut the stone arms to pieces.

Cullaica hadn't stopped when he raised the stone arms, his magic rising as cyan tendrils began to turmoil around him and he snarled viciously as thousands of points of lights began to surround both of them in a dome like encirclement and with a jab, the points of lights shot down towards Li Lei with a maddening wiring sound.

Li Lei knew he couldn't evade this time and instead, once more smacked his hands together to create a massive pressure differential that warped even light, the knives made of out light bending around the font of air that Li Lei made and a gap formed that Li Lei sprinted out from towards Cullaica.
Spell after spell was fired at the zig-zagging form of Li Lei, spells that gouged and burnt and melted the ground from where Li Lei had stood moments before and Cullaica felt a trickle of uncertainty as Li Lei began to blur around Cullaica with a speed that he could only faintly see.

Cullaica barely managed to evade the lance made out of solidified fire yet Lei's follow up strike as he jabbed his wand into Cullaica's mid rift was unavoidable.

Cullaica was shot across the battlefield and he crashed into the ground with a massive thud yet as he got back to his feet, he found Li Lei less than three metres away from him with his hand outstretched, his thumb and middle finger pressed against each other.

Li Lei's expression was cold, and he snapped his fingers and a deadly shockwave rippled from his snap. Cullaica couldn't evade the ripple or throw up a shield, he was too close.

He burst out into a haunting scream as deafening sound invaded his ears and his magic grew uncontrollable, cyan tendrils of magic burst out of him like a geyser that tore the immediate area around him asunder and Li Lei was almost caught into before he jumped away in safety. The area around Cullaica distorted, reality to seem to bend around his form as his corrosive magic bled through the seams of reality.

Cullaica's strange bark made Li Lei, who was about to cast once more, pause, a bark that turned into a depraved, unhinged laugher, a laughter bereft of joy and warmth and had to shield himself as lances of pure magic began to spew from Cullaica.

CRAACKKKKK

Cullaica's finger broke under his thumb.

"That…hurt." Cullaica's muttered as he looked at Li Lei with drooping eyes. Nothing had hurt him like that in many, many years, he thought darkly before his hands rose like a conductor about to move into the next piece and his wand moved like a conductor's wand as he wrought horrifying music onto the world.

Li Lei moving as he had always moved yet Cullaica could see that he was having trouble dealing with the volume, speed and the wideness of the spells that Cullaica was casting and it was at that moment that Cullaica jerked his wand upward, vines that lay buried just below the surface sprang forward and grabbed Li Lei's ankles a moment faster than he realised and pulled him off balance.

It was at that moment that Cullaica whirled his wand faster than he'd ever done before and twisted his wand around in an arc with blinding speed, blobs of flesh pulling from his skin like spores from the hearts of flowers under the gust of a strong wind, before he sent those spores, those blobs forward in a maddening frenzy.

Cullaica's eyes gleamed as Li Lei freed himself from the vines, his once untouched garments no longer blemish free, yet it was too late for him now as his flesh blobs sunk into Li Lei's clothing and flesh, his desperation tangible as he conjured blue flames to burn it off of him yet it wouldn't work, not while Cullaica was feeding the blobs of flesh with magic and conviction.

Li Lei finally made a sound and it was music to Cullaica's eyes, the sounds of the pained gasp that rose into a desperate shriek as his flesh dug into the Chinaman's flesh like moles dug into wet and soft earth.

Li Lei clawed at his body, his dress was torn off as his fingers desperately tried to pull away his parasitic flesh but it was to no avail, his shrieks a beautiful hook that he painstakingly fought hard to win.

Cullaica glanced around and realised that they were far from where they started, and saw a farmhouse in the distance that very clearly had people looking through their blinds. Cullaica sighed before he shook his head and made his way towards Li Lei who was on his knees scratching at his bare chest that was bleeding from the scratch marks that his fingers had dug in.

He'd give the muggles a visit once he was done here. He'd need a bit of time to unwind once he was done with his trophy. He hummed a jolly song as he approached the archmage that admittedly gave him a better fight than he thought he'd get.

Had the Chinaman been a bit smarter, Cullaica didn't think he'd win, not with how fast Li Lei was. "Ah, Li-Li-Lay, you look a little ill, are you a-o-kay?" he sing-songed in English as he crouched down to Li Lei's breaking form.

Li Lei didn't respond, his entire being occupied by the pain that his flesh was wreaking onto Li Lei's body. Cullaica stared at Li Lei, his mauve eyes gleaming with contempt. When he designed and created that spell, it had been meant to emulate the treatment they put him under. A treatment he had to suffer every morning from six till eight. Not only did it turn one's body against itself, it also turned very magic against you.

"Pitiful." Cullaica spat out as he stared hatefully at Li Lei who was breaking right before his eyes and it hadn't even been five minutes since he was put under the spell.

With a lazy slash, his spell decapitated Li Lei and blood spewed from Chinaman's neck. He raised his hand and the head with a face fixed in agony fell into his hand and Cullaica turned his gaze towards the body and watched until the blood petered out into nothing when Li Lei's heart stopped pumping.

With a bored jab a stream of dragon-fire spewed from his wand until it burnt the body into ash. He turned his attentions towards Li Lei's head and angled the head towards him. "Did you have fun?" he asked Li Lei and he made the head bob.

"Good, good" Cullaica cooed before he brought the head to his face and pressed a warm kiss on Li Lei's forehead. A grin plastered itself onto his face.

"Thank you for the fight. You've shown me that I have much to do."

He'd thought that lasting as long as he did against his friend was impressive enough but he realised now that he'd have to improve a hell of a lot more if he wished to be able to make more trophies. "Anywho…" Cullaica stretched out as he cast his gaze towards the muggle house, a grin returning on his face. "Let's go visit our muggle voyeurs, shall we?" he asked his trophy with excitement tinging his voice.

The disciples could spare him for an hour or two, he'd decided. He began to whistle a jaunty tune as he threw Li Lei's head up and down as he made his way towards the muggles.


----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Slipspace

He was adrift, lost to the turbulent eddies of his surroundings, his being akin to stardust amidst clouds of gasses on the precipice of igniting into new born stars.

A kaleidoscope of magic tumbled and wreaked and sheared around him in this gestalt of magic, currents of magic that bore infinite depth and infinite range roared past him, through him, with him, slivers of its touch influencing entire star clusters as easily as the warmth of the sun influenced the weather system of planets.

He was insignificant, a fraction of a fraction of a millionth yet he was as important as the whole infinite gestalt of magic that swam throughout the cosmos with infinite scope and infinite speed. The whole was never a whole without its infinite pieces of stardust, its seedlings that carried its fire and its starlight to distant and dark corners.

His magic, unfurled and unbound in totality, flickered and shimmered like the strung string of a tightly spin instrument as he rode through the dense nebulae cluster of magic, his magic remaining diffused and connected with the rivers of magic despite the jarring harmony that was enshrined into existence.

It was different, this chaotic harmony that he had grown accustomed to in these months of travel. Where before, on Earth, it felt as if there was peace pouring into porous bones when he connected to the magic of the universe, to the currents of neurophysical energy that permeated the universe, here, in this in-between-space, this thin dimensional film of physical reality, it was akin to be being a seedling, a spore unfortunate enough to be caught in the fury of a Cat 5 hurricane that could shear skin and flesh from bone.

The first time had been a shock, as if he had been doused in gasoline and set on fire.

In slipspace, magic, neurophysical energy, felt more potent, more wild, as if there were layers to magic itself that were undefined and unseen in conventional space.

He'd pondered on it for the past few months, meditating sometimes days on end, and he thought he was arriving to a solid conclusion.

Slipspace was a bundle of non-dimensions above the plane of conventional space, a thin film of reality much like Natal Void and Shun-space were, but it was still part of the physical reality only physics behaved differently.

Neurophysical energy, magic, was constant in the physical reality but there were pockets of regions where it was stronger.

Like intersections of universal leylines or planets, where life was abundant causing a feedback loop of strengthening both life and magic, and Atticus was beginning to believe that there was a tangible link between slipspace and universal leylines.

Why did multiple universal leylines intersect at the Celestis system and in other places in the galaxy? Why was there such disparity in universal leylines in the first place? There were some universal leylines that were significantly stronger than others whilst there were others that were practically non-existent with how weak they were – they'd found that out when they had been trying, years ago, to find a way to send messages to and fro Earth.

They had many such questions because they knew that leylines could move.

At least on planetary scale.

On Earth, the first wizarding communities post-Atlantis found themselves capable of altering the path of leylines, an ability that was more or less lost over time, often because of hubris but nonetheless, they had been capable of it. The Celtic tribes, the Egyptians, the Assyrians, the proto-Chinese and a host of other ancient magical tribes all dabbled in the kinds of magicks that could affect leylines.

The end of the Ice Age through an obscenely powerful ritual, the destruction of the leylines of Thebes and the realigned leylines of the ruins of Old Babylon were all such proof that leylines, in the right circumstances, could be altered…or destroyed.

…why wouldn't that be possible for universal leylines?

His current thinking was that slipspace topographical features had an influence on the potency of magic and universal leylines. Distance between point A to point B could not be measured by distance when traveling through slipspace, no, it was far more complicated than that.

The dimensional plane of slipspace was uneven, with peaks and valleys that resembled the surface of metals under microscope, and that was why travel between point A to point C could be quicker than A to B despite the distance being greater in conventional space.

Topographical features may well explain the path of leylines through a link in this phenomenon but he doubted he'd figure out the full answer any time soon.

For now

His mind went back into inaction as he let himself sail across the potent streams of magic that traversed this region of slipspace, his body only moving in line with his slow but rhythmic breathing as he sat in a lotus potion.

As chaotic as it was, he could never tire from being part of the whole.

His magic, unfurled and unbound as it was, swirled around him in volumes that defied belief, ebbing and flowing like tides on coasts that stretched for thousands miles, even as he was connected to the magic of the universe.

At the back of his mind, at the edges of his consciousness, at the edges of his field of perception, the immediate futures of countless timelines scratched at him, mists, shades of people and events and places collapsed into indiscernibility yet he paid it no mind, letting it flow past him as he lost himself to the flowing tides of magic.

He wasn't sure how long it had been but he felt something stirring from below him and something lick at his face. He dialled his mind back into focus.

`Master, there is someone coming. Your youngling` Seraya's soft sibilant hiss remarked and Atticus realised that it was likely hours, perhaps days since he last left Seraya's den. He drew back from his connection to the magic that permeated all throughout slipspace and began to draw back more of his unbound magic into himself, an act that caused Seraya to hiss out in a displeased and petulant tone.

Atticus reopened his two white glowing orbs that accompanied the swirls of profound magic that radiated out from him like a solar furnace. He could see and touch the currents of magics that were like glowing laces of silks, silk laces that licked and sewn and penetrated every inch of existence.

It took a little while longer for him to pull back all of his magic, back into his cage of control and when he did, the strands and wisps of magic were reduced back into a faint ethereal state in his field of perception, a state that let him perceive but unable to directly affect it all.

`Are you sure I cannot harm him with my gaze` Seraya asked irritated.

Atticus smiled, his hands that were sat on his knees moving to either side of him and he caressed the smooth but hard scales of Seraya, an act that seemed to reduce the swelling irritation she'd felt. `I am sure. Please keep your eyes closed, Seraya. I am quite fond of my protégé`

Seraya's hiss sounded agitated `This one interrupts too often. Your mate should give you better younglings. At least their rudeness I could tolerate`

Atticus' eyebrows rose `You'd tolerate my younglings interrupting us?` he asked sceptically. Seraya's noncommittal hiss was all the answer he needed.

Atticus flicked his hand and the stopwatch that he'd made flew towards him. His eyes widened slightly…ah, of course Gaius would come. He'd been away for the last two days. Longer than usual, he mused to himself before he shook his head clear.

Whenever he was in a meditative state, his lack of need to sleep for weeks at a time made him far more susceptible to simple drift off days at a time. Without Emily or any of his typical responsibilities on Illos needing him, he was quite content to let it happen too. The journey to Celestis was long and there was little to do after all.

Gaius arrived wearing black sun glasses, refractory glasses that shielded people from the direct gaze of basilisks. Atticus smiled a little amused at Gaius. He looked ridiculous but to be fair, it was probably for the best. Seraya wouldn't disobey him but he also knew she was far from a tame being. She had apex instincts after all.

"Gaius" Atticus greeted curiously as he leapt off of Seraya's back with effortless smoothness and made his way towards his protégé. Gaius had largely stayed on his ship after the last break in their journey, the longest they'd been around each other since before he'd left for the Celestis system. In truth, Atticus was quite glad for it.

Gaius was as close to a son he'd had.

Seraya's head rose and she hissed slightly which caused Gaius step back a little.

"Are you sure she isn't your familiar?" Gaius asked sceptically as he opened up his body slightly, an act that made it clear that he was readying himself to defend himself if he had to.

"Quite." Atticus said with a faint smile. "She's just a little possessive of me."

And he didn't mind it all that much. It was true that Fila wasn't that possessive in comparison to Seraya but then he attributed that mostly to Seraya's need for human companionship after centuries of loneliness. And of course Fila showing any kind of possessiveness was beneath her, Atticus thought with deep sense of amusement.

"Sure…a little." Gaius muttered and Atticus laughed before he gestured Gaius to follow him. Seraya's habitat was more or less bare excepting for a rocky hill with small flat outcrop of plains that she could use to stretch herself out. The weather was about thirty-five degrees Celsius and rarely hovered below it.

Atticus, with almost no effort, thought strands of leather into existence around his feet and wrapped themselves around his feet before melding into boots.

His loose fitting Losi was transfigured into the formal navy attire for the burgeoning Illosian navy, a black outfit with lines of purple and dark green on his sides.

After they made it out of the huge doors of Seraya's habitat, they made it to the cavernous bay, a bay that stretched for miles and was at least a mile in height.

Habitats, equipment and disassembled machinery, vehicles and facilities were all located in this spatially expanded cargo bay.

The Hecate was only two kilometres in length but they certainly made plenty of use of spatial charms and runes to make full use of the ship.

"Everything running smoothly?" Atticus asked as they walked towards one of the Hub-Ports that would allow them to travel to different decks or areas of the ship.

"Yes." Gaius commented "Everything is the same as it was two days ago, sir." Gaius glanced at Atticus "I just thought you might have been..."

"'Lost to whimsy of magic?'" Atticus quoted with the corners of his mouth curling upward. Gaius winced, a look of regret but also abashment splashed across his face.

Gaius had uttered those words during an argument they had a number of weeks ago. It had mortified Gaius. Teasing the young man, who rarely allowed much opportunity for teasing, with those words was quite fun…and there was also a point to it. Gaius' reverence for him was, in Atticus' opinion, far too strong.

He wanted the young man to know and see his flaws, that he wasn't perfect nor incapable of mistakes. Even the supposedly greatest of men and women were flawed beings. He was most certainly no exception.

"Well" Atticus continued, deciding to move past Gaius' unfiltered words that he'd thrown back to his protégé. "It's been a while since we reviewed the schematics for the star-base." Atticus paused for a moment, his mind whirling towards the star-base that would start construction.

"I have some ideas of improvements." Atticus eyed his protégé as they neared the Hub-Port. Gaius' eyes lit up in excitement and Atticus resisted the urge to smile.

"Great" Gaius enthused before he spoke again quickly "I have a few ideas myself…"

For the next hours both he and Gaius reviewed the schematics of the star-base and spent a chunk of that time discussing Atticus' idea of Energetic Amplification, a methodology that would take energy and run it through a matrix field that would amplify the subatomic resonance of energy that reactors would generate which would cause a chain reaction multiplying energy output exponentially if they were able to prove his theory out.

The idea seemed to excite Gaius who began to think of controlled experiment setups and from there, their conversation turned to ideas and they simply bounced off of each other, two eager minds that were very much alike.

Time on the ship flew by as days became weeks, time marched on in its ceaseless march and yet, before long, it was time as they finally neared Celestis and Atticus sat in the captain's of the Hecate, the command ship of the small fleet of four, with an almost child-like anticipation. They were less than an hour away from Celestis.

Outwardly, of course, his expression was calm and authoritative but inwardly?

He'd see the very world, worlds, with his own two eyes, he'd feel and taste and smell the air of the worlds that were being crafted into perfection, worlds that he'd only seen and felt in all too real dreams and in visions that made him experiences those moments as if he was there. But they were no substitute for physically being there.

To experience it with his body instead of just with his mind and his magic.

For over thirty years, he dreamed of a spacefaring magical civilisation and now that he was almost here, at their new home where his people would leave a legacy that would span millions if not billions of years if he could help it, it felt somehow somewhat surreal. It sounded odd, even to himself, but it was what it felt like to him.

When they were minutes away from dropping out of slipspace Atticus turned his gaze to the men and women operating their stations.

"Mr Caudex, open up the coms to the rest of the fleet." Atticus instructed.

"Aye, aye, your Grace." Caudex, the pilot of the Hecate when Atticus wasn't taking control of the ship's movement, said. Gaius looked to him with an understanding expression on his face.

Soon enough, they dropped out of slipspace in an area between Gribridis and the Celestis version of the Kuiper Belt. The corners of his lips curled upwards as he stared at the distant image of Gribidis, the blue-yellow gas giant that looked like a marble ball.

A holo popped up that showed his connection to the rest of the fleet. Atticus tapped on the holo and opened up the connection to the fleet so that his announcement could be heard from every deck, quarter and rooms.

"Ladies, gentlemen and magical beings" Atticus began as his words permeated every deck and room of every ship within the fleet. His gaze remained affixed on Gribidis, the largest gas giant of the two that resided within Celestis.

"We have arrived at our final destination." Excited murmurs and muted cheers rang around on the bridge and he knew that similar cheers were being had.

"Our journey has not been easy." Atticus continued, the murmurs and cheers dying away as people listened to him. The journey towards Celestis had been fairly easy and generally speaking it had been more or less problem free except for a few incidents like the Gallimimus dropping out of slipspace suddenly a third way into their journey.

It was a little embarrassing that he never paid any attention to the journey itself, only the outcome of it so they had to investigate the cause of it all.

Granted, it was quickly resolved within a few days after he'd cycled through time and timelines ending up finding the cause of the intermittent power failure that tripped up the hard fail-safe protocols but it was an error on his part that reminded him that he was not infallible.

A reminder he needed in the wake of his excitement over his lifelong dream.

It took over two weeks to make sure that power system gap was fixed and closed in all of the ships though it was clear that only the Phorcys, the second Gradus class ship, was affected with the same issue as that of the the Gallimimus.

But of course, he had to play up the difficulty and struggles they faced. "Our ships broke down when we least expected them too and our journey lengthened by a fifth as we reduced our speed for safety's sake." Atticus turned his gaze towards the crew who were watching him and he offered them a small smile.

"And despite all of the difficulties we have faced. Despite having to see the same faces months on end" Atticus said with a light chuckle, a chuckle that prompted others on the Bridge to join in "We have arrived safely and whole! Congratulations!" Atticus said before he started off the clapping and that sent the crew in loud cheers.

After his brief speech, Atticus instructed his crew to send communication to their people still in the system. He had to smile at the eagerness of the messages that they received back from their people.

Without the Gradus, travel between the worlds was lengthy, even for fighter ships or the four man ships that they left behind.

Thankfully, most of their people were situated in the inner core of Celestis, on the planets Yethea, Sentanis, Dagolia and of course Celestis, where the worlds were either already comfortable for human habitation or close to it.

The fleet cruised along the solar plane taking a scenic approach as they vectored towards Gribidis and the two moons, Thinavis and Ibronides, whose topographies were being altered through Emily's Terra-Alchemic stones.

Atticus was silent as they flew by the gas giant and by Thinavis, Ibronides and Drelater, another moon that would soon begin the Terra-Alchemy process.

Gaius must have noticed his solemnity as he began to speak up amidst the quietness atop the Bridge. "On Thinavis, the moon the size of Mars, we found out some curious geological formations." Atticus turned his gaze towards Gaius.

Gaius continued "Formations that were eerily similar to the Giant's Causeway in Ireland." Atticus hummed for a moment. He'd read every single report when the Gradus had returned, including the geological reports on all of the prospective moons which added to the data he already had from Moira.

Though he had to admit, he'd not paid too much attention to this geological formation. It seemed unimportant, in the grand scheme of things. He was more interested in the alteration of Sentanis, the rocky savannah world with a natural gravity of twice that of Earth than he was about geological formations of cold moons.

Still, it did peak his interest. The Giant's Causeway was an interesting occurrence and a testament to nature's tendency towards stable geometries despite violent origins. After all, the Causeway's formation happened as a result of volcanic fissure eruptions and its lava rapidly cooling resulting in contraction of the cooling basalt.

The horizontal contraction fractured and the cracks propagated downward as the mass continued to cool and it left pillar like structures behind that fascinated ancient and modern peoples alike.

"The size of the columns?" Atticus questioned intrigued.

Gaius smiled knowingly and waved his hand towards the space in front of the captain's chair. A holo formed and Atticus leaned forward. He whistled before he spoke "That is fascinating" he admitted.

The Giant's Causeway, as interesting as it was, was relatively small. Only forty thousand interlocked basalt columns were all that remained.

The Causeway of Thinavis however…

Well for one thing it stretched for over three hundred miles and models showed that it would remain above sea level by over two hundred metres once the area was flooded due to warming.

"Will they be preserved through the alteration?" Atticus questioned as he returned his gaze towards the moon that they were flying past.

"Yes." Gaius said with a smile before he shrugged "Some of the researchers thought it would be wasteful to get rid of such unique geological history and I agreed."

"Good." Atticus said before he leaned back and glanced at the basalt columns. "I think it will be prudent to make it a doctrine…a doctrine of preservation of as many unique features of our new worlds."

"Yes sir." Gaius said with a nod, a soft smile on his face as he also turned towards the basalt columns "I quite agree with that. It is a fine honour to give our new homes"

It was not long after that they made it past Gribidis and its many moon though the Phorcys stayed behind whilst the rest of the ships moved towards the inner planets.

Most of the people that were on the Phorcys were those specifically assigned to making the moons of Gribidis – and later the moons of the gas giant Eos – habitable.

The Phorcys would remain around Gibridis for most of the duration of the trip and function as a mobile command post until the Starbase is built and travel between the worlds was reduced to fractions of what it was now.

It was only a few hours later that they arrived at Celestis and the world did not disappoint. A beautiful, startling green world with mountainous peaks that seemed to reach out from the atmosphere greeted him.

Thick blue river streams observable from orbit snaked through the valleys of the mountains all the way down to seas of tall grass plains and forests that stretched for thousands of miles out until the coastlines.

Atticus stood up from his chair and walked towards the bridge view screen. He didn't need to stand up, he didn't need to move closer. Yet he was still moved to do so.

In his past life, he'd seen a picture of Earth when he'd been about seven years old. He'd seen a globe in class before but he hadn't seen a proper picture of Earth until he'd seen it on the desk of the old lady that had lived six doors down.

That picture, that high resolution picture of Earth, had been what sparked his fascination with space. When he'd been reborn into this world and all its wonder, what he had thought impossible became nothing more than an obstacle to conquer.

He had the tools, the desire and the dreams to see it through and he had achieved reaching space with only his mind, his magic and knowledge in hand. He was the first modern human, muggle or magical, to reach space at only age fifteen.

He remembered that feeling of awe, pride and reverence as if it happened yesterday and as he gazed down at Celestis, those same feelings surged within him with a tenfold strength.

"Your Grace?" Gaius' voice broke him out of his reverie. Atticus glanced over his shoulder and saw the Bridge crew staring at him whilst Gaius wore a concerned look on his face. Atticus let a genuine warm smile form on his face.

Yet this instance was different. His achievement was not his own achievement. This journey, all of this work, was not done solely with his own hands.

No…he mused, as he stared at the faces of the committed and loyal crew, his people, this was their achievement and that, Atticus thought, was what made the feeling of awe, pride and reverence all that much stronger than had been when he'd achieved spaceflight all on his own.

Days Later…

Atticus climbed up the last few hundred of metres of the mountain, his hands gripping the ice cold jagged rocks, his feet pushing him forward. He glanced upward and saw the pass that would lead him to the very top of the mountain and he preserved as he pushed himself onward.

He could fly, of course but he had no desire to do so. As he aged, he realised that there was a value in taking your time, to enjoy the journey as much as reaching the destination itself would be enjoyable.

Finally, after about half an hour later, he reached the very peak of one of the greatest mountain of Celestis, a mountain that stood even higher than Mount Olympus of Mars at 26 kilometres high. There were a few other mountains with peaks nearby that also were higher than the largest mountain on Mars, including the one he was standing upon yet this one was special.

He looked around, the ice touched peaks of the mountains gleamed under the light of Celestis' sun and the curvature of Celestis was clear to see just as the startling blue rivers that ran in the green valleys far below. And he stared out into the distance, he could see far and wide that the greenery of Celestis was unending from this spot, from this sight.

A lush, fertile world that was untouched and unbroken throughout the ages.

This world was truly beautiful and it sang with magic, it truly did, and it almost felt like home, as if there was a critical piece missing and the feeling he got from Celestis itself was that the planet knew something was missing. Celestis was alive, more so than Earth was, yet it was also less alive than Earth for it was in a kind of sleep that it needed to wake from.

A sleep that it would soon be made to awaken from.

Atticus breathed in the frigid thin air, an act that was ornamental in truth given that he was not breathing in the true air around this mountain as it was too thin to breathe without assistance.

He dreamt of this place, of this spot.

He stared at the specific spot. It drew him in like a sailor to a Siren's call. It was subtle, barely noticeable – in fact he'd only noticed as time neared closer to his departure – a feeling that seemed heavily entwined with his magic. He didn't understand it, in truth, and that was something that shocked him more than anything else. More than the surprising discovery he made about slipspace and magic.

Not even his visions could explain why this was so important. He knew that he'd be here for the next few days locked in meditation but afterwards? It was as if something changed, as if his entire perspective changed. His future-self's actions remained as he'd always seen yet there was something about him that fundamentally changed.

The feelings his future-self felt were strong, stronger than anything he'd ever felt before. A determination that would put anything he ever strove to fight for to shame.

Atticus grimaced as he turned his gaze away, the pull of the call growing stronger as the time approached.

He had no idea what his future-Self had Seen to warrant such a change, such fundamental change. Whilst he could see and feel what his future-self would see and feel, he couldn't actually know what his future-self saw in his visions.

And his future-self never spoke to anyone about it, not even Emily and it made him wary about what he would See if he decided to go through with what seemed to be a critical point in time.

Atticus sighed before smiling wryly and looked upward towards Dexirus. There was no chance that he wouldn't traverse through Living Time as his future-self had done.

He'd always wonder what if, he'd always think that he had missed something far too important and he was certain that he would come to regret it immediately if he did not do what he was almost meant to do. It had the touch of a self-fulfilling prophecy and he allowed his wry smile to twist in an ironic one before he shook his head and made his way towards the spot.

For a moment, he simply stood before he crouched down and sat in a lotus position.

Atticus closed his eyes and reality around him began to fade away like paint washing away from a canvas as the portrait fell deeper into the abyss of the deep blue sea.

Mists that bore a kaleidoscope of colour formed around his perception, mists that hummed in sync with him as time dissociated itself from him. Slowly, thousands of threads of Time began to take form within his perception.

His conscious was unbound, free from Time itself as he stood as an Observer amongst streams of timelines that he See and Experience.

He latched onto Celestis' frame of reference, his Sight and magic fixing him onto the planet instead of experiencing his personal forays through Living Time through his perspective or that of future-selves or those near to him or his future-selves.

Streams of immediate futures flew past him, simultaneously, and his consciousness began to explore and read and experience these threads of timelines with eagerness.

The timelines were all the same for years to come, a few timelines veering away from the most likely timeline as ships and vessels streamed Celestis' sky in ever so slightly different paths or timeframes and he watched as he felt the burgeoning nature magic of Celestis grow over time, its sleepiness haze falling away as it rose awake with utter and total magnificence.

He could feel the planet grow a kind of sentience over the years, the few people that remained on Celestis never looked happier when they stepped foot on the planet after being in space. Years passed as nothing substantial changed for Celestis, save for its deepening of its nature magic.

And he continued to watch the peaceful Celestis remain unchanged until decades past and a great silver-great egg shaped ship descended down from the heavens before settling down near the base of this very mountain.

Atticus was riveted as he watched Illos bury itself into the very earth of Celestis, the great shells that protected it from everything slid away into slumber and as years passed, he watched with complete engrossment as towns, as villages began to sprout around Illos. Massive structures of blue-silver materials also seemed to sprout from the very ground, structures that stretched high up beyond the atmosphere and Atticus knew that it was his Mithril that he was seeing.

A sense of deep pride welled up within him. A pride that was quickly gone.

He realised that what he was seeing was too much, too far, and he finally felt something wrong, something he hadn't been feeling before. His pull along the axis of Time seemed to speed up, as if he was being pulled along the axis of Time instead of pulling it himself. Atticus' alarm deepened even further when he realised he couldn't pull away, as if his feet and hands were bound, chained, to something he didn't, couldn't understand and his magic offered no solution, no way out.

Fear began to condense within the pit of his stomach as thoughts of the Shapeless Ones began to darken his mind and yet he held out hope that it wasn't the case as his future-selfs had still been him even if something had elicited a change.

Time marched on even quicker, quicker than it has ever moved before and he watched those same towns and villages combine into cities with towering buildings.

Decades turned into centuries and he watched as industry grew beyond he could have ever imagined. Celestis bore the look of a grandiose capital world, towering buildings and ships that swam in its skies, magic seemed to lace everything and anything yet as Time continued to pull along its axis, he could sense a shift, a change, within the very bones of Celestis, a grim darkening, as if a huge shadow was cast over it.

It was only then that Atticus noticed that there were no stars in Celestis' night sky even though he could see Dexirus and another moon in Celestis' sky.

The other planets were still there – he'd familiarise himself enough with Celestis' night sky to know where they were in this hemisphere – but there were no stars, no nebulae and he felt fear travel through his spine. 'What was happening, what could happen?'

It was only then that Time seemed to come to a crawl, no longer was he seeing blurs and snippets of the future and he was back to the spot that beckoned him in his dreams, the same spot that his physical body was and Time…it was…static, as if he reached a dead end.

No longer did the timelines invert or expand or shrink, the threads of time, the streams of timelines simply came to an end, a possibility he never thought possible.

The endless tesseract was no more.

His mind was hard at work, every theory he thought he knew was fitted and soon after discarded as his mind worked overtime trying to come up with a reason for all of this. He didn't understand how this was possible, let alone what this actually was.

Was this an attack? Unlikely. He was vulnerable as he was and if what he knew about them, they could have attacked him already and there would be little he could do. He was able to defend himself from the creature that dwelled within the Domain but that was all he could do and he was certain that the creature was merely their creation.

Atticus' consciousness, which took his form, rose from the lotus position and he stopped staring at the starless sky and instead turned his gaze towards Illos and the cities that were beyond it far into the horizon an-…

Atticus stilled as he caught something from the corner of his gaze and he turned his head towards that direction and his eyes widened. There was a man standing, his back to Atticus, adorned in a silver gold armour with his arms behind his back.

The man was standing at the other edge of the mountain peak, the peak that overlooked the other mountains that neighboured the tallest mountain of all of Celestis. Atticus recognised the posture, the way he stood, his height and he swallowed thickly before he slowly made his way towards the man.

He noticed that the man was rigid, as if he was just as static as the rest of this…what this was…situation and it was a kind of assurance as he circled around to the man's front.

Atticus' breath hitched when he saw who he thought it was only…the man's face, his face, was older, much older, somewhere in his forties in muggle terms, with scars that ran from the edge of his right bro down to his right cheek. There was a sense of regal-ness about him that was beyond anything Atticus had felt before.

Atticus glanced at the hair. His hair bore strands of whites, just as his beard did, with vibrant violet eyes with startling emerald flecks staring out towards the mountains.

Atticus stared long and hard, an expression of contemplation etched onto his face.

What could have led him to age like this? Was it truly two thousand years into the future already? As far as he knew, nothing save for the term of the ritual he put himself through ending could make him age.

Co-

Atticus once more was caught by surprised and he stepped back several steps as the same eyes he bore directly latched onto him. The man – himself – turned towards Atticus with smooth motion and it was only then that Atticus could feel the depthless magic that exuded from within the man, a depthless magic that uncomfortably resonated with his own magic, magic that was pitiful in comparison to the man before him.

Atticus wanted to think that this wasn't possible yet he knew better than anyone else that anything truly was possible. Atticus swallowed as he instead began to think on why this ma – why he would do this. Why he would reach out through space and time to speak to his younger version and Atticus did not like any of the conclusions that he reached, conclusions that he unfortunately began to realise was almost certain.

It was horrifying to think that even their Sight, and that of his Far-Seers, was not enough to prevent the necessity of his Older-Self to reach out to him.

From the look of his Older-Self, it was apparent that he knew exactly what Atticus was thinking and Atticus swallowed. Was this a closed loop? Was a critical point that had to happen? Didn't that also mean that his Older-Self was actually his future-self?

Older-Self's face turned warm, yet tired, and a faint smile crept on his worn regal face. "Welcome, Atticus." His familiar voice crept out of Older-Him yet it was also different, older and more commanding, centuries perhaps millennia of time adding that great amount of authority that seemed to leak out of his Older-Self.

Atticus met the gaze of his Older-Self whose expression turned grim.

"We have much to discuss."



My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 81 others
mosefboombox117
Jul 2, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 24 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Jul 14, 2023
Add bookmark
#357
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 24


14th​ of November, 1971 – Senate of Magical France

Jean Delacour POV

There was a nervous energy in the senate, a nervous energy that within its very seams bore stitches made out of fear, doom and gloom. Jean resisted the urge to grimace.

For the first time in a long time, he felt similar stirrings of deep concern.

France…as ready as it was, was not prepared for a protracted war against the likes of two Dark Lords. Neither were the rest of the Western Alliance.

They were isolated in Europe, surrounded by a wall of zealous monsters that struck deep fear in the minds of their Alliance. Especially once it became known what exactly the Ravenites had done to the nobility. Jean grimaced.

He held no love for many of the German or Austrian nobility but it was pure evil about what happened to their families, so much so that for once since France's political reformation, there was a unanimous agreement amongst them that seemed unbreakable.

This was a war of a survival and there could be no discourse.

With Italy having fallen, China setting to follow despite their valiant efforts to bleed the Ravenites, and the ICW falling back to Alexandria and towards the Southern and Eastern coastlines of the Mediterranean defeated and demoralised, it was only a matter of time before they'd set their gazes on the Western Alliance.

Jean shook his head as the session opened and he sat back, silently watching the arguments fly. They might be in unanimous agreement about needing to do and pay whatever it took to secure their country and their allies but that didn't mean there was a complete lack of discourse.

Arguments flew about forcing conscription on the masses once again – an idea that Jean thought completely foolish since that would only destabilise France even further – and heated arguments and accusations were let loose when the topic of seeking out further protection from the Grand Alliance.

Jean tuned out the bickering of his fellows, his mind fixed on the Grand Alliance. With the death of Li Lei, the Grand Alliance held a concentration of Archmages.

Dembe Habe, Fiji Seki, Credence Aurilius and of course the Sayres.

And yet the silence from the Grand Alliance on the topic of the war was utterly deafening. Jean's expression tightened. The only news that came from them on the topic of the war was only to reiterate their commitments to their alliances to Slovenia, Croatia and the Aryan League along with empty comments for all involved to find 'a peaceful solution to discourse instead of using the crutch of violence'.

It was laughable.

And as long as the Ravenites veered clear from those who had independence and defence agreements with the Grand Alliance, specifically Illos, Jean feared that they would never get militarily involved if they turned their gaze towards the West of Europe. Oh, they'd support them, as they have done with the admittedly powerful ward schemes that were active across France and the rest of the countries in the Western Alliance, but militarily?

Illos had deepened its economic and cultural ties across the magical world, France included, but one thing they absolutely did not do was show a hint of interest to nations who backed the ICW during the Crisis of the late 50s.

They were as silent now as they were back then when European Ministry after Ministry fell and he doubted that would change unless it directly affected them or their allies.

If only he could see Atticus, Jean thought darkly.

His departure to this supposed expedition to Atlantis was ill-timed, incredibly so. Jean shook his head before he leaned back in his chair, his eyes trailing towards Lord Rosier who watched intently with keen eyes. The French Rosiers still had deep ties to their English kin, as did a number of other French Houses, and it was these ties that gave them a hope, a humiliating hope but one they needed.

Avalon could press Illos to intervene should the Ravenites peer their gaze West. Minister Prince was dedicated to France's independence and with the blood ties the French nobility had with England, that dedication would only be pushed harder.

Jean refocused and listened as Lord Guyenne spoke of the latest atrocity committed in Calabria, his face falling into a dire expression. The Italian Ministry had capitulated only eight days after the Battle of Monte Barrio but that didn't mean resistance was gone.

Knowing what fate the nobility and much of the wealthy Houses was waiting for them now that the Ravenites had a more or less free hand in the nation, dozens of resistance cells had sprung up in Italy, cells that were causing the Ravenites huge amount of issues.

Italy was an ancient land, one that still bore many ancient and storied family lines.

Proud histories that would shame storied ancestors if they surrendered.

Unfortunately, it made the Ravenites more brutal, burning down an entire magical village of Pentedattilo, a village that once bore a population of three hundred.

The senate silenced into a hush as Minister Galtier stood up.

Antonine Galtier was a burly tall man with a head full of long black curls that seems to bounce with each motion of the head. He bore pale green eyes that seemed to shimmer with animalistic ferocity when he was displeased and one could not be remiss in thinking that he was not alike those ancient Gaulic warrior mages the Romans seemed to despise in the early chronicles of their Empire.

An image that Galtier had channelled and built upon as he won the French Minister of Magic position with a landslide after an emergency election took place in the wake of the Ravenite invasion of Italy.

The public demanded assurances and what better assurance than a tough looking man who had also been part of the Resistance in the woods and fields of France in the Grindelwald war?

It also helped that he was from a relatively unimportant and inoffensive family that both the nobility, the wealthy Houses and the common people could get behind with.

"Have we learnt anything we didn't already know?" Galtier posed to the senate as he veered his head around imperiously, his stare lingering on several belligerent and near hysterical Senators. Galtier had not once spoken when the session began, electing to listen instead. Until now.

"Did we already not know the kind of monsters that lead the Ravenites? The strength they possess or the savage danger they posed to France?" Galtier asked with a riveting and deep voice, his posture tall and straight as he stood before the senate like Napoleon himself.

Murmurs rang around the Senate, murmurs that rang with uncertain agreement.

"We did." Galtier agreed with a nod, his voice even, his presence unbothered by the quiet agreement to his words. "So why must we discuss their atrocities within these chambers when we know the kind of evil we are faced with?"

Galtier shook his head "My heart swells with sympathy for our Italian friends and the French people are with them but their detailed struggles against evil serves no purpose and only seeks to foment unrest within this hallowed chambers."

"Minister." The Senator of Beauvais rose from his seat. "Are you saying that we should not discuss events that affect us?" the Senator posed to the Minister.

"Have I stated such a thing?" the Minister asked harshly, continuing before the Senator could interrupt "How does discussing Pentedattilo serve to protect France and its allies? What can we do for those who have, unfortunately and sadly, died in an act of evil?"

The Senator for Beauvais had little to say to that and took his seat as Galtier pinned the man down with a hard glare. Galtier continued "Let us return to what matters. Such as continuing to build up our forces and discuss new ways to ensure our country remains free from the Ravenites." Galtier's gaze swept across the chambers.

The session after that became more subdued but nevertheless far more productive than it had been earlier.

After the session was over, Jean found himself sitting with the Minister and several other Senators and Lords. "I have spoken with the Minister of Avalon and with the President of MACUSA." Galtier began candidly, his eyes boring into each and every one of them. "The President has agreed to a joint Unspeakables team dedicated to magical defence, from ward schemes to developing counters to Atlantean magicks."

Galtier waved his hand in an almost curt way and a glass jug and glass flew towards him, his attentions once more towards the rest of them.

"The British are keen to continue to support our Alliance with intel and finances but will offer no more than that. At least for now."

"No offers of volunteers?" Matthieu Blaugrad asked with narrowed eyes.

Galtier smiled grimly "They avoided that topic as much as they were able to but in the end they all but said that without coordination with Illos, they could not make such offers."

Lord Marche scoffed "More like without their express permission."

Murmurs of agreement rang around the room.

Avalon was intrinsically tied to Illos, no matter what was claimed by their leaders. They were as independent as Corsica was.

"And the Americans?" Jean questioned. The Americans were still isolationists but they were opening more now with the atrocities the Ravenites were committing.

Unfortunately, they were still without an Archmage amongst their population though they did have the next best thing. Atticus Sayre's sister and his Provydetsi family.

Should MACUSA join in the war, chances were the bonds of blood could be enough to force Illos to war.

"The Americans share an equal concern with us that the Raven and Cullaica have Grindelwald's hoard of Atlantean magicks."

"Not surprising." The Senator for Burgundy muttered darkly before he spied across the room. "That was a horrible shock that none of us could have prepared for."

Murmurs of morose agreement rang around the room.

"Do they have any idea who the Raven actually is?" Jean questioned.

No pictures with a clear image of the man's face existed and now that his right hand used one of Grindelwald's infamous spells, fears that it was actually him was rising amongst the public.

The more ridiculous rumours claimed Cullaica was Albus Dumbledore in disguise!

"They don't." the Minister confirmed, a twitch of annoyance creeping in his face before he grabbed the full glass of water before waving his hand to dismiss the jug.

"They do have memories of him fighting in the Vault from some of the refugees that made it to the States." The Minister told them. "The images are not clear but we can see enough that his face was far too different and too young to be that of Grindelwald."

"It would be prudent to disclose that to the press." Lord Marche suggested.

"I will speak with Claude" Matthieu Blaugrad offered. Claude De Barre was the Director of the French Daily media company, a company that owned the two of the four most popular papers and the most watched M-TV channel.

Galtier nodded to Matthieu before he turned his gaze towards Jean. It was speculative. "Any news from our friends up on high?" Galtier questioned sharply.

Jean shook his head "My old comrades wouldn't budge" he said with a touch of bitterness before he sighed. "They do maintain that Atticus Sayre has gone onto an expedition. One even swore an oath that they knew nothing different."

Galtier's eyes widened with surprise. "Truly?" he asked with a heavy frown.

"Surely they would have asked him to return by now?" Matthieu reasoned.

"Unless they literally cannot." The Senator of Burgundy suggested. "We don't even know where Atlantis was supposedly found, only that is found. Could be that the place preventing any easy access or exit." The Senator shrugged lightly.

"We all have heard the myths and stories surrounding Atlantis, many of which were often only stories that scare even adults with how treacherous it has become. It would surprise me if there was measure of truth in old children's tales."

Jean mulled over those words. "Perhaps" Jean conceded. He did remember the first expedition and Atticus' protégé, the young man Gaius Hardy that Atticus had often brought with him in meetings of State, had been gone for many years.

"So we must rely on the Queen for support." Galtier stated, his eyes intently on Jean.

"Should what we fear come to pass"

Jean grimaced before he nodded. "How successful we will be, I don't know. I unfortunately do not know her as well as I know King Atticus."

Galtier seemed to consider that before he turned to Matthieu "I want Claude to praise the Queen of Illos and Avalon to the high hilts. Run everything we know about her, her acts against the Vampires that plagued France during the war, her formidability as an orphan and so on."

Jean's eyes rose to his hairline.

Matthieu chuckled as he shook his head before he eyed Galtier calculatingly "Devious."

Galtier smiled thinly "The Sayres love to look like unparalleled paragons of virtue. The trade deals they hook on communities and Ministries are an example of that – even if we know better." Trade deals that often led mass migration of many peoples across the Magical World to Illos, often the very best and the very worst of those nations though always sharing the same gratitude and eventual devotion to Illos.

"It is a rare weakness that I believe we can exploit." Galtier thinned his lips.

"I do not like the indignity of it however for France…"

"For France." They all chorused soberly.

Soon enough, Jean was back home with Matthieu in tow and made headway towards the living room. Antoinette was there watching the M-TV with a book in her lap.

After Francois…After Francois died, he had pleaded with Antoinette to remain in the Delacour Manor with little Jean, even offering to take up one of his family homes so that she could have the ancestral Manor to herself and little Jean.

She agreed to stay and also wanted him to remain, to help her raise Jean into becoming a man now that Francois was unable to. He was only happy to agree and to this day, he was grateful to have had the opportunity to raise his grandson into a fine young man.

"Grandpapa." Antoinette exclaimed a little surprised.

Matthieu smiled as Antoinette rose to greet her Head of House and her grandfather.

"Antoinette" Matthieu said warmly as they hugged and kissed.

Jean left them to catch up and went towards the cellar to pick out a few bottles of wine. After an hour, Jean and Matthieu were the only ones remaining.

"Marrying my Francois to Antoinette remains one of my finest decisions." Jean said after he drank of his wine. Francois did not love Antoinette, an issue that had strained their marriage a lot – to the point that she even blamed herself for his death, a blame he harshly dissuaded her from – but she was a perfect mother and a perfect daughter.

Matthieu chuckled before he smiled.

"She is my favourite grandchild for a reason" Matthieu shook his head. "How my son Lucas managed to sire such a child, I do not know."

Jean fought a grimace and elected to drink of his wine once more, staying silent on the familiar disapproval that rung from Matthieu about his heir.

In truth, he did not think Lucas was anywhere near as incompetent as Matthieu often despaired. It was just that Lucas was not Christopher, a crime Lucas knew very well he was charged with.

Christopher's ghost would always follow Lucas in the eyes of Matthieu, and Lucas', no matter how unfair or how unreasonable it was.

"Have you had any luck with the Algerians?" Jean asked seriously, changing the subject. Matthieu's expression darkened.

"No, the damn Béni-oui-oui consider this a European problem" Matthieu scoffed.

"As always, the damn fools are too blind to see what's right in front of their faces."

"I hope you didn't call them that." Jean grumbled as he took a sip of his drink. The Algerians had a long memory and they hadn't forgotten the French Ministry's interference into Algerian affairs during the French muggle occupation of the lands.

"Of course not." Matthieu dismissed with a dismissive wave of the hand before he sighed wearily, his form slumping into the chair, the soft fires of the hearth crackling as both of them fell silent.

Matthieu broke the silence several minutes later. "How they cannot see that they and their neighbours are on the target list, I do not know."

"It is likely they know but seek to appease instead." Jean stated quietly.

"Bah!" Matthieu exclaimed, a bout of anger showing on his face "Do they not know that these kinds of people cannot be reasoned with? They're fanatics following insane men! Did you know that the Chinese sent the ICW memories of their interrogations of some of the prisoners they captured?"

"I didn't." Jean admitted, eying the man. Matthieu had been Minister for a while in the sixties, just a single term, and as such managed to develop a number of key relationships with people, powerful people. Including those in the ICW.

Matthieu shook his head. "They genuinely believe in the Raven's ideology. Utterly."

The depths of the Raven's insanity had only become recently known after they slaughtered and extinguished many of the noble families of Europe.

His ideology was one of chaos, one that claimed that magical world was infected with poisonous order that sought to snuff out the beauty of magic out of its people.

That magic was chaos incarnate, the physical vessel of what the universe represented, and that it was being butchered by the order imposed by those who profited from the labours of the common people.

It was laughable, incredibly hypocritical considering that it was the nobility that the Ravenites had allied with to take control of most of Europe. The same people who they approved of when they subjugated the common people enmasse before betraying their loyalty with horrifying acts.

It was a lie, a blatant lie but no one didn't know what the Raven was truly after.

Was it power? World domination? Poodles?

"Problematic." Jean said with a grimace before drinking of his wine once more.

"Zealots are always a problem" even once their leaders were gone. It took years to hunt down the last of the Grindelwald zealots, some of the last of them given up by a 'remorseful' and wealthy 'former' Grindelwald follower.

Matthieu's grumbled noises had the bell of approval before he shook his head. "It is what it is." Matthieu said tiredly before he looked at Jean.

"We survived Grindelwald. We will survive this." He said and that was the last they spoke of it that night, instead deciding to discuss the new symphony by France's most successful composer in centuries.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

17th​ of November, 1971 – Aziza

Emily POV

They were all sat down across each other, around a wide and large oval table. The Grand Alliance met with each other at least once every quarter, mostly to discuss trade or status on collaborative efforts but this time, it was to discuss the war and their response.

It was also why she was here today instead of simply Chief Representative Doyle.

Legba, the Chief Minister of Aziza, Dembe Habe who accompanied the Azizan leader, Hayate Seiwa Genio, the Acting Lord Protector of Ame-No-Ukihashi accompanied by Shinji Hirahito and of course herself and Paul Doyle.

Her eyes swept across the room, taking in the architecture of the spacious meeting room. It had distinctive Benin qualities though there were plenty of Ugandan influences. She had the pleasure of visiting a few notable families during her travels with Atticus across Africa and she could see some traces similar to that of those homes.

"Welcome." Legba said with a boisterous tone. Emily turned her attentions to the man. Legba was a large man, not quite rotund like Slughorn but certainly well past his physical prime despite being only eighty years of age.

He looked affable, the creases around his lips and eyes gave him an appearance that made him always look friendly and it made him a popular figure to the Azizan public.

Of course, that was only half the story behind the man. He was a cunning man who was careful with his words yet masterful with getting away with saying much yet nothing at all.

"It has been some time we have all met up like this, it is good to see you old friends." Legba said with a warm smile as he opened up his arms in a warm gesture.

"It is good to see you too, Chief Minister. The hospitality of your people never fails to impress." Hayate Seiwa Genio said with a light bow of the head.

Hayate, the sixty four year old grandson of Iyasu, for the past six months had filled for the venerable man whose health had taken a slight turn. She'd met the man a few times during her visits to Ame-No-Ukihashi – Hayate was often in the company of Ieyasu – but she had not interacted with the man much.

She did know, of course, that the man was as shrewd as Ieyasu was and talented magically too. Ieyasu skipped over his own son in favour of his grandson, a slight controversy when it happened but Katashi's own support for his son had removed much of that controversy anyway.

"I quite agree with the Lord Protector. I am pleased to say that seeing the Praying Statues is quite the experience." Emily said with a faint smile.

Legba chuckled heartedly. "Yes, yes, it is a fabulous sight, isn't it? It has become an instant hit with our people. Especially with the younger generation who see it as a romantic place." Legba said with a smile before that slowly filtered away and in its place a more serious expression took hold.

"Now" Legba began, his tone instantly shifting. "To business." Legba glanced across the room as he wriggled his fingers and parchment began to fly in and with another gesture, the parchment duplicated towards every single person.

Emily took hold of the paper and began skim reading it.

"The ICW collapse in Italy has sent the organisation into crisis."

"They quite like being in that state, don't they?" Dembe said with a roll of his eyes, a faint mocking smile on his face. Legba looked at Habe with a slightly exasperated look before he turned his gaze back onto them.

"They sent us a missive requesting a meeting in Alexandria. Post haste." Legba said seriously, and Emily caught Hayate sharing a look with Hirahito.

"They also sent us a missive." Hirahito said calmly before bringing out a parchment himself, duplicating it too before sending them to each and everyone one of them.

"Now I feel left out." Emily said thinly as she shared a look with Doyle before looking towards the Japanese delegation "I'm surprised they reached out to you."

Hayate nodded slightly "So were we." The Japanese largely stayed out of international politics, mostly carrying out strict trading agreement with the rest of the magical world, most of it with the Asian part of the world.

"We will have to meet with them." Legba said seriously and Emily inclined her head.

"Of course" she said smoothly before her eyes sharpened. "They can only ask for one thing however." Legba nodded soberly.

"We know." Legba said before glancing at Habe who sat a little straighter. Legba turned back towards the rest of them, particularly looking at Emily.

"And we remain committed to the Grand Alliance and the laws that bind it." Legba assured needlessly. Neither Aziza and Ame-no-ukihashi could act militarily in a major way without the agreement of Illos and it was bound by magic itself.

They were junior partners in this Grand Alliance, one that bound them tightly to Illos – and Illos to them though in a lesser scale – and that would not change.

"However" Dembe Habe interjected "The crimes of the Ravenites is offensive to magic itself." Dembe Habe said critically. "They cannot be allowed to act so freely as they have done."

Emily sighed explicitly before she met Habe's gaze. "I am aware of their crimes, believe me, but we cannot actively interfere."

Hayate spoke up next "My government agrees." He looked to Habe and it was somewhat sympathetic "Our people do not wish to wage war for a people that it holds no ties to, magic or otherwise. Even if against an enemy that commits shameful acts." Dembe Habe looked displeased with that though Legba's expression was unreadable.

She wasn't surprised with that statement, and she wouldn't have been either had she not already known that this was going to be the Japanese position on this matter.

The scars of the dismissal of the Japanese Emperor ran deep, especially considering the taint their society had carried for their loyalty. They turned inward,

Hayate turned to Emily.

"You said cannot actively interfere." Hayate asked inquisitively.

Emily smiled lightly at Hayate before speaking "We are assisting the resistance in a number of nations, with gold, supplies and food." Emily turned her attentions towards Habe "And to the nations that border the Ravenites who are using that support to hire mages from South America." Problematic mages imprisoned for life during the upheavals over a decade ago were being offered this opportunity.

Under heavy and immensely tight oaths on their life and magic of course.

"Mages from South America." Legba repeated shrewdly. "How fortuitous."

Emily smiled slightly before lightly shrugging "South America is an era of peace but there are always those who seek glory and what greater glory is there than winning a war?" Emily rhetorically posed to the group though it was pointed largely at Habe.

Habe narrowed his eyes, knowing that Emily directed it largely at him. She liked Dembe Habe, he was a powerful archmage with a unique set of skills that she found refreshing and indicative to the wonders of magic but she also knew that Dembe was an ambitious man, eager to prove himself to be a worthy Archmage to carry the mantle of his forbearers.

Unfortunately, he wasn't too interested in the more peaceful renown Archmages of his clan. Eventually, Dembe would join the ICW with a fairly decently sized contingent of Azizan Sorcerers and face the Raven himself.

A conflict he would lose.

Emily didn't want that loss for Sassa but Dembe would make his choice.

"Such a measure is something Ame-No-Ukihashi can support." Hayate said after a few moments.

"Aziza can too." Legba agreed as well.

"Though we will largely direct our funds towards the ICW." Emily nodded to that. She didn't really care about where they'd waste their money.

The meeting went on a little while longer, mostly to discuss the overtures the Spanish Ministry made to any more improvements they were willing to sell to the Western Alliance, particularly the Iberian Ministries, and they ended up agreeing to fund another collaboration to look into smaller versions of the ward schemes that protected Aziza and Ame-no-ukihashi – far inferior version of the Guardian Array – and soon enough she was back on her way towards Illos.

It wasn't long before she was settled back into her office, reading through the OI reports regarding the success of their retrieval missions. Both kinds.

The doors to her office opened, the quick light steps echoed throughout the room and Emily looked up from her reports a little surprised, the surprise wearing off as she realised who it was. Hypatia looked haggard and shocked, her face so pale that it looked like there was not a drop of blood running in her face.

"Hypatia." Emily welcomed in, belatedly, her eyes calculatingly sweeping across the woman's face. She did not expect the woman today and everything about the Seer was instantly concerning. "What is wrong?" she asked sharply as she stood up.

"It's changed." Hypatia said breathlessly as she came to a stop only for her to start pacing again, back and forth, low mutterings barely understandable even to her ears.

"I don't understand how it could change so much" Hypatia said with a hysterical laugh, one that bordered on mania. She jerked her head to the side as if to ponder something "But not terrible" she muttered to herself as she came to a stop.

"No, no, far from terrible."

"Hypatia." Emily's voice was sharp and stern, and it crackled like a whip which made Hypatia jump in surprise, her baleful eyes incomprehensibly staring at Emily.

"Hypatia." Emily said again, this time gentler but still sternly "Tell. Me. What. Has. Happened." She said slowly and understandingly filtered through Hypatia's eyes.

"Oh, yes, yes." Hypatia muttered before she cleared her through, glimmers of delight showing in her soulful eyes. "Everything has changed, everything, Your Grace."

Emily narrowed her eyes as Hypatia continued. "From the war, to Illos, everything."

"Start from the very beginning." Emily ordered and Hypatia did as she bid.

Emily's surprise grew and grew as Hypatia told her about what would likely happen as soon as Atticus returned, a likelihood that seemed to be across several timelines.

Both her and Atticus would join the war against the Ravenites, leading the Illosian Guards against the Ravenites in full, drastically ending the war far sooner than they had planned for years, decades.

It seemed as if something happened to Atticus in the Celestis system and it worried Emily deeply. She did not believe Atticus had lied to her about the plans, she'd even seen the memories of the timeline and what should happen and yet all of that would change.

"Thank you Hypatia. You may go." Emily said distractedly as Hypatia finished her tale. She had much to think on and for the time in a long time, she was unsure of it all meant. A frustration welled up inside of her, one borne of concern for her husband

Hypatia blinked. "Oh." Hypatia turned to leave before hesitating and glanced at Emily. "What do you want me to do?"

Emily broke out of her thoughts and looked at Hypatia, realising that was a good question. "Does anything change right now?" Hypatia shook her head.

"So Atticus' return is the point of divergence." Emily reasoned and Hypatia confirmed it. Emily considered it all for a long moment. So little has changed on what she could or must do. Right now, she still had a working blueprint as to what will happen without any interference.

"Do nothing. Continue as if nothing has changed." Emily told Hypatia. "Make sure your students do not veer away either" she warned lightly and Hypatia bowed her head in confirmation before leaving, leaving Emily to her thoughts.

She glanced towards the window, her eyes gazing upward, her expression released from the calm and measured look she always bore.

"What happened, my love" she said quietly to herself in the privacy of her lone self.

Atticus was still set to return in October next year, that hadn't changed but after he'd come back? Whatever happened, maybe to him, had changed things that she had not seen before, not since the Monks themselves yet this bore far graver tidings.

"Elsie"

*POP*

"My Queen." The elf bowed deeply from the hip.

"Inform the Observatory that I want to send a tight beam to Illos."

"As you command, my Queen." *POP*

Emily returned her gaze towards the window. Hopefully she'd get an answer from him. Hypatia said that he was alright, looking as healthy as he left but she wanted to hear it from him – and about what had happened to cause all of this.

After a long while passed, Emily closed her eyes momentarily before opening them again, her default expression once more falling into place before she twisted on her heels and made towards the doors, towards Parelius.

There was little to be done at this moment in time and there was still much to be done.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

"We have much to discuss."

Atticus met his Older-Self's gaze, his eyes scouring every inch of information from the Older-Self's expression. Atticus, after several moments passed, broke off his gaze and turned them towards the starless sky, his mind overclocking now that he was allowing himself some time to think everything over again and again.

There was no give in his Older-Self's expression, the grim but patient look on his face was unreadable beyond much else. For the first time in over three decades, Atticus was well and truly blind going into a dangerous situation…and no doubt exactly what his Older-Self wants.

Any version of himself would never want to yield any advantage, and if this was in fact a version, or his future self, he expected that only to have increased with time.

Whatever caused his Older-Self to reach out into Space and Time – the call he'd been feeling to this place could only have been an act of his Older-Self and he was already beginning to formulate an idea as to how that was possible – it meant that he had need of him, a need to change things at a point where it could matter.

He saw only two reasons why he, even centuries, perhaps millennia, in the future would reach out into the past. Regardless if it was to help or not to help his present and future. And the fact that he still had choice in the matter when it is clear that his Older-Self had abilities to influence him beyond merely calling him here suggests that his Older-Self needs his cooperation to deal with whatever he is dealing with.

And the one thing he could think of, the one thing that he hoped was true, that would necessitate this risk, this desperation, could only be related to their defeat at the hands of an enemy that was far beyond technological or numerical superiority.

But the answer he needed to come up with, beyond whatever his Older-Self had to tell him or the usefulness of going back however far he was going, was whether or not this was his future-self or not.

Because that would change everything.

Given that he'd sensed the near uniformity of determination across the timelines he'd Seen after this consciousness' sojourn through Space and Time, he had to come up with the expectation, the relief, that this was not in fact his future-self.

Otherwise that would mean that this was a closed loop, something that had to happen. Experiencing different timelines was one thing, but reaching out into the past in order to directly speak to your past-self?

He was not at all sure if Time and causality was flexible enough to be able to cope with such a breach in paradox. As Atticus began to think on it further, the angrier he was becoming as the ramifications were becoming clearer as his mind began to process how tied his hands would become even if he was told absolutely nothing by this Older-Self.

There was the possibility that Time would steer him towards this path, every choice he'd make, every path that he'd see, would be stained, tainted by this act of sabotage if this was truly his future-self. And the worst thing about it, he couldn't blame his Older-Self for it since he'd be just as tied as he was to this loop.

Then there was also the simple fact that if his Older-Self was capable of this, blinding Atticus' Sight throughout his Older-Self's past must be something that had to be considered as a very real possibility. At the very least his visions and experiences of himself right after this trip must be considered a doubt.

If…what he believed was true.

About this being his Older-Self. Which was by no means concrete. For all he knew, this could simply be a manifestation engineered by them and he'd come out of it determined after having come to grip the level of threat they posed to him.

…Or it could have been merely false timelines designed to keep him unknowing of the trap they'd successfully lured him into where they'd end up ripping apart his consciousness. Or worse, lead him astray much like he'd done to the Symbols.

Atticus' mind came to a crawl, having already reached an end to his ruminations. He knew too little, he had little control, now, and all he could do was see this out.

And wasn't that a strange feeling after decades of being in control of everything?

His mind refocused and his gaze were firmly set on the starless sky. It was kind of surreal, even for him who was acclimatised to the weird and wonderful, to the strange and awful. He figured that this was, in fact, a real static capture of a moment centuries perhaps millennia from now if this was truly his Older-Self.

Atticus turned back towards his Older-Self with a stern gaze on his face.

But first…

He had to know

"Are you my future-self or an alternate version?" Atticus asked, his voice even and calm under the weight of his iron yet accepting composure, his eyes staring directly at this Older image of himself.

His Older-Self did not respond immediately, instead choosing to meet Atticus' gaze without even a single facial muscle moving. It was clear that his Older-Self understood why he was asking, why this was the first question he'd ask. Perhaps he already knew.

Finally, after almost a minute, his Older-Self spoke. "If you're wondering if this is a paradoxical loop, then no." His Older-Self paused for a second, as if he was considering the implication of his words before he continued.

"I am an alternate self, now."

Relief did not come to Atticus. His Older-Self's words had the ring of truth, spoken exactly as he'd speak when he'd answer honestly yet it brought him no solace. And if this was his Older-Self, he'd know it too.

After a few more moments passed, Atticus only silently nodded before he spoke.

"Talk." Atticus only said as he met his own eyes, however older and foreign they seemed. He'd never really know, he'd decided, about this Older-Self and if he was truly an alternative-self. That was of course if this was indeed any version of Atticus.

But he was making peace about that and he had little patience for whatever this was, himself or otherwise, especially if it was otherwise. This might be his last moments if it was them and he knew that he'd done what he could for his people and he had faith in Emily, and in Gaius, Parelius, Hypatia and Alice to see it through.

His Older-Self looked at Atticus with an indiscernible look before he spoke up "No questions? Even about me?"

Obviously he had questions but that hardly mattered right now.

"Either you're me, a version of me, or you're something else entirely." Atticus stated to his Older-Self. Letting him know that he didn't trust this Older-Self didn't matter in the grand scheme of things. His Older-Self should be expecting it if it was truly his Older-Self anyway. Atticus continued "Does it really matter what you are?"

It does, of course, but he was helpless at this moment in time.

His Older-Self smiled at Atticus. It was an amiable, one that he'd made plenty of times whenever he was meeting politicians or nobles.

"It doesn't, not really." His Older-Self agreed before he eyed him with a curious glaze "But if I was not you, you would already be dead in this pocket of consciousness. And no," his Older-Self had the temerity to roll his eyes at Atticus.

"That is not exactly what the Precursors would say."

They disappeared in a flux of light, and moments later, after he'd adjusted to the sudden bright light, he saw that they standing in space, on space, in orbit above Celestis and his gaze was toward the planet. Pinpricks of light were arranged in the shape of snowflakes under the darkness of night and several towering spires that touched the very edges of the stratosphere were easily seen.

And then there were the broken shell like structures made Mithril that seem to warp around the planet like the arms of a loving mother, the reflections of the sun surprisingly dull despite the glare that should be reflecting off of the surface. He realised then that the sun was feeding the Mithril structures with energy, energy that likely was being converted within the structures of the Mithril arms.

"Pocket of Consciousness?" Atticus asked distractedly as he took the opportunity to look around, towards the starless surroundings. He could see now a slight sheen.

Atticus smiled inwardly as he realised what it was. It had only been a mad thought of his, to fuel a Mithril Seed so much that it could eventually grow to encompass the entire Solar System.

Once he'd done the math, he'd grimaced – he did not pout at that point, no he didn't – about how much energy it would take to convert into liquid magic, Mithril.

Over nine stars of M-Class stars would have to be consumed whole to create this defence. He'd almost wanted to believe right out of the bat that he'd actually do it…

And once that thought floated away, a grimmer one took hold. It was only meant to be a last line of defence against the Precursors.

"Your separation of mind within Living Time is far from simply a self-contained act." His Older-Self explained. Atticus turned towards him as he continued.

"The universe is entwined with consciousness in a way that electrons orbit nuclei. It is fundamental, intrinsic, and Living Time is as much a product, a part, of consciousness as reality is. When you wade through Living Time, you are also exposed to the realm of Consciousness at a fundamental level, a transcendent plane of existence, more so as your ability has grown. Enough that you're able to manifest yourself physically into the said plane."

And all of this, Atticus noted, was what he had, potentially, to look forward to?

Experiencing futures and pasts with his consciousness in a way that was almost limitless in depth? Even being able to pull a different consciousness through Space and Time, however the same they were, into a pocket of Consciousness that was as real as reality?

In truth, he'd considered much about Consciousness, in both in scale and permeation through reality but nothing like this. The comprehension magic was guiding him towards was still far from him being able to understand how this was possible.

"Let me just get this out of the way." His Older-Self said, drawing Atticus' attentions once more. His Older-Self simply looked at him though it felt like he was an amoeba under the microscope of a monstrously giant being, the sternness in his gaze was scorching.

"We got our revenge on our father through making sure he was well and truly neutered." His Older-Self stated matter-of-factly, his voice as calm and steady like atoms in near absolute zero conditions.

"We clawed our way out of the socio-economic destitution we were born in by being brilliant and charming eventually earning ourselves a scholarship to a place and wealthy students we loathed with every fibre of our being. We had plans to found our own robotics company through Seed money obtained via blackmail or favours but we died from cancer before we got far and instead found ourselves reincarnated in this universe, a Harry Potter universe that should have been nothing but fiction."

His Older-Self paused for but a moment and gave him a knowing look under that stern gaze "But that won't convince you, nothing would. Not entirely."

"No." Atticus stated after a moment as he met his Older-Self's stare impassively.

He was inclined to believe in truth it was in fact his Older-Self but ultimately there would always be doubt. After all, they were here, now, were they not?

His eyes darted towards his surroundings, towards this space.

If his consciousness was pulled into this pocket of consciousness, then that also stood to reason that his very essence could be an open book. After all, he could barely feel his magic here yet he felt it in droves from his Older-Self who ran this show.

His Older-Self nodded calmly "And that doesn't matter."

His Older-Self's expression changed once more, and it was imperious and grave.

"What does matter however, is that you heed at least this one warning above all others. Do not rely solely on your ability to traverse Living Time." His Older-Self warned gravely.

"As you have doubtlessly worked out in some small way." His Older-Self noted.

Atticus stared at his Older-Self for a long second because he spoke up. "Why."

"There is a race of beings who have unrivalled control over Living Time." His Older-Self explained, the space around beginning to warp, the dark vacuum around them shifting away like fine sands through a filter.

The being before him was gaunt, its skin reminded him that of a shark, streamlined and smooth, as if a water drop could retain itself shape even if it rested hours on the blue skin. Its build was slight, thin, and equally its two arms and legs looked fragile just as its four long thin fingers on each hand did.

Its black eyes were wide and large, reminiscent of lemurs in terms of proportion, and it was likely its depth of perception along with its sight was orders of magnitude greater than that of humans. Its face was narrow, its head hairless, and it had no nostrils and only a narrow thin lipped mouth surrounded with flipper like tentacles.

This was not a race built for power, no. But then, neither was humanity.

"This" His Older-Self began, his bearded face darkening as he stared at the being, his eyes ablaze with furious hatred and it took Atticus aback with the depth of emotion his Older-Self let show. "Is the Xalanyn. An ancient race as old as the Forerunners. Perhaps older." His Older-Self turned towards Atticus who met his gaze, a gaze that lost its bottomless pools of hate and instead now showed a cold abyss devoid of emotion. "And our greatest enemy."

Atticus narrowed his eyes towards his Older-Self.

"Greater than even the Precursors?" Atticus asked, unwilling to control the dubious note in his voice. Or even the Flood? His Older-Self smiled grimly.

"Can one ever truly consider a fundamental aspect of reality an enemy?" His Older-Self posed to Atticus with dark undertones.

'Fundamental Aspect of reality…'

"They simply are." His Older-Self ominously warned him "They are not a problem you will face, not even in my immediate future."

His Older-Self continued "And you should be grateful of that Truth."

Atticus decided to shelf his curiosity about what his Older-Self knew about the one thing that he honestly feared above all others.

"So these Xalanyn" Atticus began, returning to the subject at hand. Questions about intrinsic beings like the Precursors shelved away to be asked later.

"Are they magical?" He thought they likely were if they were supposedly the great threat his Older-Self was making them out to be but the possibility existed that they weren't. The Forerunners were able to access the Domain and capable of feeling Living Time and they weren't magical. Neither were the Ancient Humans.

"Yes although not in the way our kind and other Earth-born species are." His Older-Self stated. "Their powers centred onto one singular facet of magic."

"And they wield it to perfection."

The space around them warped once more. This time, Atticus could not stop his surprise from showing as his eyes widened at the site of hundreds of ships, massive ships, locked in battle. There were two distinctive kinds of fleets that Atticus could make out despite the variety of the ship both fleets possessed.

One bore mulberry hues of hull colour surrounded by golden shields whilst the other fleet bore familiar grey, white and blue colours and shields.

Yet what disturbed him the most was that the ships he knew were likely that of his people were losing.

"They surprised us." His Older-Self spoke solemnly as he began to walk on space, his arms behind his back, the robes beneath his armour flowing despite the absence of everything in this memory.

Atticus followed silently.

"We long ignored events of the galaxy in favour of seclusion." His Older-Self began as the ships began to play in real-time. Massive lances of energy bellowed out of the bellies of ships, electric arcs of green and silver of colour struck ships that rippled shields, missiles that looked like silver rain drops through hulls like piranhas through decaying flesh.

"As our cousins waged a war of survival, we turned a blind eye to them." His Older-Self looked at him with a side glance. "We destroyed remnants of Forerunner technology, the weapons in particular, wherever we found them, including their last refuge beyond the galaxy, but once any threat to our people was neutralised, we did not lift a finger to assist them." His Older-Self shook his head before his gaze was directed towards one of the larger ships that was on the precipice of destruction.

'So the weapons still exist but they do succeed in destroying the weapons of the Forerunners…'. Good, he thought grimly. He still remembered the pain that he'd experienced decades ago from that event.

Magic had been torn asunder with those weapons and life within the galaxy was always in danger of extinction and sterility with their existence.

He drew back towards his Older-Self "You abandoned the mundanes?" Atticus questioned sharply. Atticus had no desire to involve himself or his people in the affairs of their cousins but to abandon them in their plight, in their hour of need?

It was callous, wrong.

And completely surprising. He knew that they were coming, eventually, so for him to abandon a potential ally that was also kin was greatly surprising…troubling.

"It was our greatest mistake. My mistake." His Older-Self said as the capital ship was destroyed by one of those green arcs of destructive energy.

The battle once more froze.

His Older-Self turned to him "Our people have a predisposition to seclusion, to avoiding others unlike them. This tendency, one brought on by the Legacy of the Statute of Secrecy and Exodus, only grows with time." His Older-Self smiled tiredly.

"And I, after decades of manipulation and monstrous crimes, let it go." His Older-Self stared away at the frozen battle. "Emily had then too tired of our involvement."

"I saw no more reason to involve myself in the development of our people beyond nudges towards certain scientific or magical research and development. Our involvement in the politics of the Federation crawls to near nothing" His Older-Self took a moment to glance at Atticus.

"Just as we had always hoped." His Older-Self stated before looking back at the battle, a wry yet almost mournful look on his face was apparent.

Atticus always had the kernel of hope, that he would have the chance to breathe. Something he'd not allowed himself, had not been allowed, for so long.

It did not surprise him that after they'd settle Celestis that he'd let go almost completely once everything was stable. But to this extent?

To the point that he'd facilitate the conditions so much that his people would turn their back on the mundanes completely? That…that was unrecognisable.

"Our people grow wonderfully, Atticus. In time, the values we treasure only become staples of how a Celestial should conduct itself. Personal growth, growth of our civilization's pool of knowledge and much, much more. Yet…"

"This also fostered a belief of what our role in the universe should be. We saw ourselves as quiet paragons who made strides in seclusion from all other life in the galaxy, or in the universe. Once the full breadth of this galaxy's history became known to our people, this had only grown in severity. The Forerunner's folly, the Ancient Humans' irresponsibility, and in the end, it was agreed that our people were not to fall in to the same pitfalls as those civilisations had fallen into."

His Older-Self's expression crinkled with tangs of self-abasement.

"Fate likes its ironies."

Atticus long noted his Older-Self wasn't giving too much detail about the future.

Especially about what allowed his complacency to be let run astray.

"Did you even try to convince our people?" Atticus questioned.

"I did." His Older-Self said with a soulful incline of the head. "It wasn't enough to convince the whole of the Federation to make an exception."

"And you chose not to act anyway. Personally." Atticus stated instead of asked, his frustration kept out of his voice but it still welled inside of him.

"Yes." His Older-Self stated as he met Atticus' judgemental eyes. "To have acted would have caused immense damage to the political stability of the Federation."

Ah…

So he did turn over more of his executive powers to the Councils by that stage.

It was an idea that he had considered, distantly. One that he'd happily do if it meant their techno-magical civilisation would mature even more. But even so…

"You must have Seen this war." Atticus accused. "You chose to not act decades, perhaps centuries ahead of time."

His Older-Self was unfazed under the accusation. "I did not see the war until decades after I'd given up key parts of my authority but I did not move to regain it." he answered simply yet it was weary. Atticus didn't like what he was hearing at all.

"What about the Mantle of Responsibility?" Atticus asked with a heavy frown, shifting his tactic slightly.

"You must have disclosed this, our people must have known this."

"Over time, it was dismissed." His Older-Self stated. "It was called 'Arrogance of Emipres', this notion that it is our duty to tend to all life in the galaxy, a notion hardened by evidence of older and now extinct civilisations. Fostering life into eventual sentience, yes, this was something that was universally agreed something we could do in time but more than that?" His Older-Self slightly shook his head.

Atticus remained silent for a moment. Arrogance of Empires…

From a certain viewpoint he could understand why his people would come to that conclusion. "And that ties into our inactions to the mundanes." Atticus stated instead of asked. His Older-Self turned to him.

"Yes." He simply stated. His Older-Self continued "Our cousins lost. They were technologically outclassed, numerically outnumbered and faced against an enemy that was unrelenting and without mercy. Earth was destroyed and the remnants of this branch of humanity were hunted mercilessly throughout that sector of space once the leaders of the Covenant blamed them for the loss of their Great Journey."

His Older-Self stated without any inflection in his voice.

His Older-Self said all of that with utter calmness, without any emotion, as he spoke of the extinction of the other branch of humankind and their shared cradle.

It was discombobulating.

"The Covenant." Atticus zeroed in on. The zealots who deified the Forerunners. Considering how close they were to Sol, he wasn't surprised that it was them would wage war on the mundane branch of humanity.

"The Covenant." His Older-Self said with an incline of the head.

"They possess a vast hoard of Forerunner technology they can barely understand or use yet what they have was enough to destroy a vastly inferior humanity. They were a threat, however minimal, even to us once you consider the size of their empire and their fleets." His Older-Self's expression shifted and it turned dark.

"Yet it was not their numbers or their technology that would threaten everything we have worked for but rather their obsession with the Forerunners which led to the release of the Xalanyn." His Older-Self turned towards frozen battle once more.

"By the time we realised that something was amiss when the Covenant were practically destroyed, it was too late and our colonies at the edges of this star cluster were attacked."

Atticus shook his head before he looked harshly at his Older-Self. "You must be able to See hundreds of years into the future."

"And it mattered not." His Older-Self easily answered, his voice firm. "I am not omniscient, we will never be omniscient. Even at my strongest, I can only actively See within ten light years around Celestis. They built up their strength tens of thousands of light years from Celestis in a sector that we did not monitor through technology so we never knew about it."

He was beginning to understand. Atticus' gaze was piercing as he looked at his Older-Self face. "And the attack…the only way something like that could be missed by me, us, and the Far-Seers…"

His Older-Self didn't turn towards Atticus but his bearded face did crinkle. "Yes, if they were able to manipulate the very strings of Living Time."

"They unravelled Time from the structures of the universe itself around us and made it play to their tune, made us see what we would have seen without their release. Even I, had not noticed the manipulation until moments before the first colonies were attacked."

"How? How could they manipulate Living Time like this?" Atticus asked. He knew it was possible, to blind people. He'd done to the Symbols and the Monks had done it too centuries ago. But the scale…the sheer scale and the ability it would take…

It was monumental.

"We still don't know." His Older-Self admitted before he turned around to face Atticus. "Their biology gives them something we have been unable to zero in on." His Older-Self stated. "We have theories, good theories but they are unsubstantiated and ultimately they do not matter." His Older-Self's gaze turned harder, colder.

"What does matter is that you change your future from this point onwards knowing all of this" His Older-Self said with a piercing gaze. "Begin to change the future. Exodus cannot be as damaging as we have planned it to be. It leaves a scar that would haunt generations to come. Our people's lifespans compound it even further."

His Older-Self paused for a moment, a strange hesitation crept up in his body language but it seemed to flicker away in less than half a second "And re-evaluate the necessity to rid Earth of all magic. It might offer an opportunity to ensure bonds are kept with our cousins."

Atticus' eyes hardened though internally his mind was going a mile a minute. He could see where he was going with this. But eventually the mundanes would develop faster-than-light capabilities and inevitably settle other worlds. To develop such a monitoring system planet-by-planet is going to be a massive undertaking.

In truth…it would also be a massive weight off of his shoulders. The temptation to consider this a boon from Magic herself was great yet he knew that it would only be indulging his conscience. Atticus met his Older-Self's gaze once more who seemed satisfied with his quietness. He had a suspicion that his Older-Self regretted the act.

Perhaps that was why his Older-Self reached out this far instead of reaching closer to his own time instead of here and now before they left Earth.

That his Older-Self's timeline would be untouched must've contributed to the decision. Yes…Atticus would think about it.

His Older-Self's expression turned hard once more. "I cannot tell you where the majority of their kind are imprisoned, nor can I even tell you what event led to their eventual release, only that you must not turn a blind eye to the Human-Covenant war, whatever you decide to do with Earth. Our isolation made us blind to the events of the galaxy and it has costed us greatly."

Atticus met the piercing gaze of his older self for a long while before he spoke. "Answer me truthfully this one question." Atticus said as he met his Older-Self's gaze unblinkingly. His Older-Self didn't react for a long few seconds before he nodded regally.

"I have not lied to you once nor will I lie to you" 'But you will keep things from me'.

"Have you been manipulating my future?" Atticus asked harshly as he searched every micro-inch of his Older-Self's expression. The look of confusion on his Older-Self was not what he expected. It looked genuine.

"No." His Older-Self stated with the bell of truth in his voice "I have not manipulated your future." His Older-Self looked slightly amused "We do not develop the ability to manipulate Living Time around people in the physical past."

He already knew that his chosen path would be altered slightly yet before this sojourn, he'd never seen any timelines that matched what he'd change once he was back on Earth. Either he'd learn something in the interim from his Older-Self that would change his choice to alter his path, or there was something off.

In any case, for now, he accepted the statement of his Older-Self.

Atticus glanced at the frozen battle before turning back to his Older-Self.

"How many years are we in the future?"

"Seven hundred and fifty years."

Atticus eyed the man and his Older-Self smiled.

"The ritual holds." His Older-Self smiled ruefully "It does more than hold up." He met Atticus' gaze "This is a choice. You understand."

Atticus mulled it over for a second before he nodded. Looking in his twenties as he did whilst almost being half a century old was getting a little tiresome. Especially once…Atticus inwardly dismissed those thoughts. Yes, it was doubtless that he'd make the choice to appear older like he felt sooner or later. And 'More than hold up…' He had an idea about what he meant by that…

"Has Celestis truly been everything we hoped it'd be? Other than these problems?" He could see up until the beginnings of the settlement but not much further than that.

"More." Atticus could hear the smile in his Older-Self's voice. And the sadness.

"There are hiccups along the way. Hiccups that have had consequences." Atticus glanced at his Older-Self who was smiling ruefully as he stared at the world below "But generally speaking, it's been quite the journey."

Atticus let that settle in.

"Yet not good enough." Atticus said as he turned to face the frozen battle again.

"No, it wasn't."

They were engulfed by a flash again and they were once more back in orbit of Celestis though at a different point. He could see now a gigantic station hanging just beyond the exosphere. It had eight arms that looked like a combination of docking arms and weapons array.

"Why should I act drastically?" Atticus finally said as he latched onto his Older-Self's eyes. Atticus gestured in a wide arc with his arm, never breaking eye contact.

"The war with the Xalanyn seems to be going poorly, yes, but it is not hopeless." Atticus challenged. His Older-Self's expression was impassive as he spoke. They both knew that by simply pulling him into this pocket of consciousness, by telling him about the Xalanyn in the first place, the future was irrevocably changed.

And from the way his Older-Self seemed to age nearly a decade, it was clear that his Older-Self understood what Atticus wanted to know.

"The war is hopeless." His Older-Self stated matter-of-factly. "In the first three weeks, we lost eight systems out of twelve and in the past nine decades, we have been pressed all the way back to Celestis. Our lone system." His Older-Self shook his head before he looked up and towards the shell that protected the system.

"As we speak, the Xalanyn have more than a dozen fleets camped outside the shell. For now, they are unable to penetrate it but it is only a matter of time." His Older-Self's expression turned tight when he turned towards Atticus.

"We missed one of the weapons, one that belonged to an older generation."

Atticus froze for a millisecond.

Atticus knew then and there why he'd do this. "You must be able to destroy it!"

"There is a chance." His Older-Self said with an incline of the head before he smiled ruefully "But it is not much of one. We are blind, we are outnumbered and more importantly we are weary."

"Weary?" Atticus this time let his anger show.

"You're talking about our extinction!"

"And we have been fighting for nine decades." His Older-Self calmly stated though his expression was stern. "You do not know war Atticus. Not one like this one has been. Our best armies have been reduced to near nothing by an enemy that has counters to our magic and possesses technology equal to our own. It is a small mercy they cannot see the future but with their ability in manipulating Living Time and the threads connecting individuals, entire regions of space, it makes little difference."

His expression softened slightly "But…we will not die out. We have learnt the lessons of the Forerunners and the Ancient Humans."

Atticus realised what his Older-Self meant. "You've got an ark somewhere."

His Older-Self only smiled and didn't answer.

Probably wouldn't ever answer, Atticus thought to himself. No matter how hard he pressed. Still, it was comforting that all was not lost, even in this alternate timeline.

Even by a complacent version of himself that Atticus could hardly believe was him.

Would three quarters of a millennium truly turn him into…this?

"My plans failed." Older-Self explained, drawing Atticus' attentions, and he looked pained as he looked at Atticus. "I failed. But you have the opportunity to right many wrongs that have come from our mistakes."

'Mistakes largely borne out of complacency' Atticus thought to himself silently. Atticus gazed upon his Older-Self with a long look. He still looked regal, composed, in control yet there was a taint on him now that Atticus disdained heavily.

Mostly because he understood. Oh, he understood it well. His Older-Self let it all go, just as he hoped to do one day. Yet, it was that very desire of his that has contributed to this near hopeless future.

And Atticus feared, knew, it was also the decisions he'd taken, decisions that weighed so heavily on him that led him to this path.

Atticus turned his gaze around, towards Celestis. He could see buildings upon buildings yet nature was not destroyed. The valleys and the rivers were somehow even more vibrant than they were when he'd first seen them.

No…

He would not allow it all to come to an end like this…he would not see Celestis destroyed because of his hubris, because he was too worn down by the weight he'd put on himself. Atticus turned back towards his Older-Self, his posture rising in furious determination.

To think his people were losing, would lose to a race of beings that should have been inferior in comparison to the Magical Races. Because of choices he'd made, because of the choices his people made. That ember of fury within grew to an inferno.

He would not allow them to just slink away into the night.

"Tell me about the theories you have about the Xalanyn and their ability to do what they can to Living Time" Atticus' voice was sharp and demanding, his emerald embers in his violet eyes aglow like flames swaying in the rowdy winds of change.

His Older-Self smiled though it was far from joyful and so for the next few hours his Older-Self talked and talked about the Xalanyn and what they knew.

Which wasn't much at all despite nearly being at war with them for a century.

Their biology was alien, too alien, and had an inherent ability to shield themselves against nearly all forms of magic…including destructive ones like the Unforgivables. Information had been painstakingly gathered out of their prisoners but most of it had been useless for his Older-Self.

But the most surprising thing he'd heard was that there was evidence that Atticus could scarcely believe. "You mean to say we share genetic information with them?" Atticus asked with a light frown, his mind already coming up with ideas of how that could be possible.

His Older-Self inclined his head affirmatively. "Yes…we do. The most important part of our DNA." Atticus' eyes widened slightly before he frowned once more.

"They share the neurophysical energy genetic markers." Atticus stated before he continued quickly, realising the implication.

"They are also creations of the Precursors."

"They are." His Older-Self confirmed. "That is something we are most sure about."

Atticus' expression tightened as his gaze bored into his Older-Self.

"And you're sure that they have no involvement in all of this?" Atticus asked sharply, his unrelentingly searching out his Older-Self's expression.

"No." His Older-Self shook his head. "On the contrary, I'm quite certain that they are involved in some way or another." His Older-Self spied at Atticus.

"I never said that they weren't, only that one could not consider a fundamental aspect of reality an enemy. I have felt traces of their touch through Living Time throughout the centuries, not unlike what you have felt throughout the structures of Living Time for the past few decades."

Atticus let that settle in for a moment. He felt the vibration, the stir in Living Time, that sweeping cycle that raged beneath the calm waters of Living Time.

And he'd felt the spark that he and Emily had brought to life that disrupted the frequency of that vibration, however infinitesimal it was.

A spark that seemed to have died out before it could even grow into an inferno.

"I do not believe the Xalanyn themselves know that they are being helped."

Atticus looked at his Older-Self "You believe that they have been chosen?"

'For harvest?'

His Older-Self smiled and it was one of cruel satisfaction. Perhaps it would not come to pass for millennia, perhaps even longer, but eventually…

Atticus looked away from his Older-Self and back towards Celestis, towards the lands that were beginning to feel the first morning rays of the sun.

Long moments passed before Atticus spoke.

"I know you have kept much from me. Much that can assist me." Atticus said with a side glance. The status of the Shaping Sickness, Emily's surprising agreement to roll back their involvement in shaping society, whether or not Forerunners still existed, and the true depth behind the hubris to not monitor the galaxy to avoid the very instances that led to his Older-Self's timeline into this mess.

His Older-Self didn't react to his words and Atticus turned back to the planet.

Unfortunately, he was more sure that this was himself than a manifestation of something and he honestly hated his Older-Self for what he'd shown and told him.

The veil was ripped off and all of his hopes of reducing his influence in the coming Magical civilisation was shattered to pieces.

"But you have done your duty to Us." Atticus stated without any inflection in his voice. He knew that there were countless of timelines that were unaffected by this act of his Older-Self, time after all, could not be wiped clean in such a way.

Not in this part of the Multiverse at least.

But this act also created countless of timelines that would have a chance now to do things better, versions of himself that would apply what they learnt today and do better.

"Thank you." Atticus said as he turned around, his arms behind his back as he met the same but older, wearier violet eyes with emerald flecks.

"Take me back."

His Older-Self didn't speak for a long moment before he inclined his head, glimmer of gratefulness showing in his eyes and the world around him began to distort, shift, before he was engulfed into a bright light and moments afterwards, Atticus' eyes snapped open, the sight of clear blue sky greeted him and the hum of his magic in his veins, in his core was a delightful comfort.

Atticus released a deep breath before he cast his gaze downwards.

Virgin lands untouched by civilisation greeted him and Atticus, after a few moments of recollecting himself, closed his eyes.

Reality around him began to fade away, his consciousness once more unbound from Time and threads of timelines, of possibilities sailed by his field of perception, a breathless shudder vibrated through this dimension of consciousness.

What he'd Seen before, was no more. Dozens upon dozens of likely timelines, were now different, no more did they follow the timelines he'd Seen before.

He watched himself through himself into expanding the number of Mithril Seeds he'd implant, now well over six dozen, and watched as the scale of work within Celestis tripled with every viable world and moon marked for terra-alchemy.

Celestis was not the only major change in the years to come.

Plans made years ago, decades ago, were upended and the Ravenite threat ended decades before they originally planned. Europe, China and North Africa were given aid, the scars of the war was deep but nowhere near as long lasting as it once could have been.

He watched as the Grand Alliance grow much sooner in size in the wake of the ashes of the ICW, his and Emily's defeat of Cullaica and the Raven brought them immense goodwill on the magical world stage beyond the levels he'd originally Seen, and the Magical world followed Illos' lead more and more as the years flew by and the new millennium arose. New country-ships were made sooner and union of communities happened to inhabit these country-ships as the mundane world around them changed.

Eventually Exposure still happened and Exodus was still the eventuality though more did it willingly as a consequence of his new drive to diplomatically win over every community and concession were given to those who still resisted but eventually everyone agreed without the necessity of force.

As the newly christened Federation of Magical Peoples departed Earth enmasse in country-ships, one last act of Magic was invoked onto their mundane cousins.

Illos still settled Celestis, their new homeworld, though there were far more country-ships that settled across the solar systems as more worlds were crafted for habitation.

That spark, that spark that he'd felt him and Emily beginning to rouse into existence was now stronger than ever, and the ripple across the faceless and infinite surface of Time was deeper, stronger, and it was marvellous.

Atticus drew out of Living Time, a breathless sigh escaped him as a fierce grip of pride seized his heart, a reinvigoration he had not felt for many, many years.

He rose from his lotus position and rounded his gaze towards the stars, towards the area of space where he knew Earth was.

He had many questions, such as how it was possible that everything changed so drastically – perhaps there was some kind of Living Time disconnect between the physical and the metaphysical realms, one that allowed him to see his immediate determination but not the sight of all the differences that were wrought, he wasn't sure – but for now, he was far more resolved than he remembered ever being.

Atticus' magic roiled off of him, thick cords of violet and green energy swirled around him with bone crushing density.

He had much to do, much to learn, much to accomplish.

In truth, it did not matter if what he'd experience was real or not. If it was an older version of himself or not.

He only knew he could not rest even in times of peace centuries long nor could he allow complacency and hubris seep into the minds of his people.

The Covenant, the Xalanyn, the Precursors.

Enemies that he'd have to prepare his people for and doubtlessly many more others in the dark forest of this galaxy and beyond.

"So be it." Atticus voiced out, his eyes burning with an inferno of resolve that could burn out the very stars under its intensity.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Undetermined Distant Future…

The soft distant hum of the ship invaded his ears as his consciousness returned back into present. His eyes snapped open and the sight of the shimmering curtains of slipspace was welcome knowing that he came out of it at the right moment.

He let his control of his magic slip, just enough for it to touch the threads and streams of Living Time, and he could feel the consequences of his action already reverberate. Living Time was connected beyond simply the present and the future, beyond simply this timeline and those that branch away from this present.

He let a feeling of satisfaction creep into his centre, uncaring that he twisted the Truth to that version of himself. Finally, he managed to succeed in achieving both of his purposes. That version of himself, in that moment in time, was just before the point where it all started to collapse.

Seeing a weak, older version accepting his failures would rouse him out of the mind set he was unknowingly falling into and retain that hunger, that desire, that had served them well prior to his ascension to Lord and King of Illos.

"It is done." Atticus stated authoritatively and with heavy gravitas as he turned towards the other companion in the room. He met her dark blue eyes, ancient eyes, as she walked over to him, her long black silky black hair swaying with every clinking step she took.

Atticus rose from his position and turned towards her.

Emily inclined her head slightly, the deep well of magic that was comparable to his, reached out into the plane layered onto reality. "They feel it."

She tilted her head slightly away from him, her eyes flickering as she continued to reach out and beyond the membrane of Consciousness. She pulled away and turned towards him, a hateful gleam in her eyes. "We have our chance."

Atticus nodded silently before he raised his hands slightly and within a flash they were back onto the bridge, a cavernous oval deck that was well over four hundred metres wide at its longest manned by a thirty-two man bridge crew.

The noise within the bridge died out completely once they arrived.

"Take us out of slipspace." Atticus commanded.

They dropped out of slipspace and immediately, the oppressive power wafted into the ship, a kind of power that could inspire the sanest men into insanity.

The neurophysical field of energy, magic, in this system was warped and undulated, as if it was space warping around a black hole, bending and twisting at the will of beings of immense power.

Atticus and Emily unleashed the chains of their magic, volumes of their magic streamed out, so much so that they were akin to stars in the way and rate they were expelling magic, and it did the job, the unwanted oppressive power pushed away by their might alone.

"Your Graces." One of the crew spoke out, visible relief on his face before he recomposed himself though there was a glint of worry in his expression.

"I have a fix on their location." The view screen changed and a gas giant filled most of the view yet unmistakably, they were also there in their monstrous sizes, sizes that saw them taller than the moons they were nearby.

The hues of his magic began to darken at the sight of them, violet turned dark red and green turned poisonous, as they often did when he thought or saw them.

Emily fared little better as her magic darkened into abyssal black and was moment of shearing away at their ship. "Leave this system and return to the fleet. Do not come back." Atticus saw the pained expressions of the crew, his crew, his people, but he also saw their acceptance and their resolve.

Atticus took himself and Emily away in an orange blue flash of light, right above one of the frozen moons of the gas giant, and they both flared their magic like miniature stars sparked into existence. The flow of neurophysical energy in the system trembled, shook, under the weight of their collective power, disrupting and shattering the total command the Beings had on it in this system.

Their gigantic insectoid heads, heads that were size of moons, turned towards him and Emily, their huge beady black compound eyes latching onto him and Emily.

They were cold eyes, uncaring and emotionless, bereft of any markers that made them out to be anything other than Horrors made manifest.

All of the twenty three Beings' arms were aglow with magic that ripped the space around it like wet paper, each of the Beings' four arms were miniature black holes that were so powerful that the Moons around them were being affected by their pull.

Atticus raised his hand and a portal to a dimension opened before spitting out a gleaming blue silver sword that rippled with power a hundred fold more than either he or Emily could ever generate on their own and Atticus let a fraction of its power stream into him as he took hold of it.

Emily brought out her own trident of equal power though darker and more ominous than his was. They crafted their weapons out of the wrecks of their civilisation, borne out of pain and hatred and grief, all of their spite and singlemindedness poured into the singular purpose of their weapons.

Her magic grew wild, like a star a microsecond before it was to supernova, violent jagged tendrils surrounded her form. His own was little better.

Atticus' grip onto his sword tightened, crackles of white lightning that could scorch entire planets surrounded him, ready to be unleashed at a moment's notice.

Emily raised her trident, black energy with streaks of dark blue danced around the weapon, the depths of magic growing to unimaginable proportions and within a single moment, she disappeared and re-emerged above one of the Beings, a massive lance of energy akin to the plasma jets and gamma rays ejected out of the poles of black holes lashed into the Being.

The Being's pained cries reverberated into the plane of Consciousness and the field of magic trembled by the depth of its pain and Atticus felt hateful satisfaction before he too joined the battle, a battle that was meaningless for they had already lost the war.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira, StormFalcon7 and 81 others
mosefboombox117
Jul 14, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 25 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Jul 26, 2023
Add bookmark
#362
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 25


Fortie POV

He stared at himself in the mirror, his eyes scrutinising each and every inch of his uniform just to make sure that it was without crinkle. Without imperfection.

It was a habit of his, a bad one, that he couldn't kick and cropped up whenever he felt nervous. He'd done this when he'd been moments away from going to his graduation from the Illosian Guard cadet school, his graduation from the navy officer school and when he was pulled into a meeting with the King that somehow landed him this captaincy.

"For goodness' sake" his brother said exasperated as he walked into his quarters startling Fortie. He hadn't even heard his brother get in.

He turned around and whilst he began to move out of his brother's reach as his arm went up, he was still too late to evade the mild whack across the back of the head.

"Marisa sends her regards." Gaius said with a grin that grew on his face.

Ah…of course. Their sister, really, their sisters, always hated when he got into this mood. Claiming that it was unnatural. He snorted as he scratched the back of his head. "She told you?" Fortie asked.

"That and then some. I agree." Gaius said flatly as he looked up and down at Fortie, a small smile forming on his face. It looked proud. Prouder than the first time that Fortie disclosed the news that he was coming with him to Celestis.

As much as his brother had grown very capable in hiding his emotions from their family, that news had caught Gaius off guard and Fortie hadn't failed to see the surprise and concern he had felt. At the time, it pissed Fortie off.

Six years was a very long time to be away, especially since they were still so young. They'd barely even moved past their final maturity when Gaius departed and even before then, Gaius has been long busy apprenticing under the King.

Fortie was not the 'reckless but lovingly cheeky' boy he used to be. The cadet school had trained that out of him and the navy polished him even further.

It had hurt to see his brother think so lowly of him.

"It's the sign of the end of days to see you so low on confidence." Gaius said with a smile before he gripped him on the shoulder, an intense look in his eyes.

The months of slipspace travel had done wonders in easing away the small amount of resentment that Fortie had felt even if most of that was spent on different ships.

Gaius had changed in the six years he'd been away, that much had been clear the moment he'd returned home but seeing him command and lead had opened his eyes to where Gaius' concerns came from. Gaius had always been a deep thinker, someone who always considered every little facet before moving to act.

It made him as successful as he was.

As successful a leader that Fortie knew Gaius had in him.

Fortie…was not that. He wasn't reckless but he wasn't cautious either. He knew that he was an aggressive person, driven to succeed at all costs and Gaius knew that. Fortie also knew that he was charismatic. Even as a child, people flocked to him – except Mrs Kovac – and that had only continued as he grew up. However, Gaius' concerns that he'd let that side of him triumph over the wellbeing of his crew was unfounded and Fortie took measures to ensure that his brother would see it.

"You have earned this post, Fortie. You alone. I know you will succeed in the mission. You will be the first to see black holes, pulsars and neutron stars. You will be the first to detail and report the strange and wonderful things that exist in this galaxy of ours." Gaius' hand gripped tighter onto Fortie's shoulder as Fortie felt a swell of emotion stirring within him.

All of his life, Fortie wanted to do something remarkable.

Achieve something remarkable.

'Fortie, you are so promising…you will do great things'

'Fortie, how did you do that?! You're so cool!'

"I expected as much, Mr Fortencho. I expect many great things from you."

On and on it went. His friends, his family, his teachers. His idol. All of them had great expectations of Fortie. And yet…he always felt as if he wasn't living up to their expectations. He wasn't a dormant Archmage like Gaius was. He wasn't a runic genius like Magnus was or a Seer like Marisa.

He was just…the best of the rest.

Graduating in the top ten of his class from the Pandrosion, graduating top of his class from the cadet school, and all he felt was that he was…lacking.

It was why he signed up for the navy officer school as soon as he heard about it and why he'd thrown himself at it with everything he had. And now, for the first time in years, he finally felt like he was living up to the promise, to the potential, he had.

He wouldn't be a famous inventor like Magnus was cracking up to be or a top business woman like Livia or truly special like Marisa was but he would be a pioneer, the man who would inspire the next generation with his adventures.

Fortie cracked a smile, a heartened smile, to his brother that let him know how much his words meant to Fortie. Gaius smiled warmly at Fortie before his eyes took a mischievous glint, the same kind of glint that Gaius always had in his locker.

"You will the first to meet alien life" Gais' tone lowered into a conspiratorial one.

"Though I do hope you won't be the first to sleep with one. Mother would be disappointed." At that, Fortie laughed loudly before pushing Gaius away.

"Only mother?" Fortie said with a grin. Gaius' lips twitched.

"Perhaps our sisters too."

For a moment no one said anything until both of them cracked into a fit of laughter.

Fortie wrapped his arm around Gaius before he led them out towards the door when they calmed down a little. "Thanks Gaius. Appreciate it."

Gaius smiled warmly at Fortie before he wrapped his arm around Fortie.

"Don't sweat it."

After that, the walk towards the hanger bay was quiet. When they arrived, it seemed like every man and woman was there. And at the centre of the hangar bay was the King himself, patiently standing there with a mild smile on his face, the same smile he remembered so vividly when he'd met the man that night.

Fortie stood by his crew, the crew he'd gotten know well for the past few years and the crew he'd spent every waking hour with for the next seven years.

The hangar bay was as silent as a grave, the distant hum of the power conduits felt like it was a suffocating noise as every eye fell on the King who stood unfazed despite the long silence. It seemed as if the King was waiting on something, on something to give him the go ahead to speak.

The King smiled slightly as his gaze fell on Fortie before looking to the rest of the crew. "I've always been obsessed with stories." The King began, his voice traveling through the hangar bay with ease.

"Stories about great heroes and terrible villains. Stories about struggle. Stories about triumph. Stories with lessons in the crooks and crannies of the tale. Lessons that would leave me to think and consider longer than it took me to finish the tale." The King paused for a moment, letting his words sink in.

"Yet there is one kind of story that had a kind of magic that I could never get enough of." The King smiled at him, at the crew before veering off towards the rest of the assembled people. "the story about the journey."

"Life will never go exactly the way you expect it to." The King said gently to them all though Fortie felt as if the King was speaking directly to Fortie.

"Life is unpredictable, even for someone like me who was gifted Sight to see echoes of possible futures. It will throw challenges your way. It will place mountains in front of you to climb over." The King placed his arms behind his back before he bowed his head slightly.

"Sometimes you fail to climb the mountain and are made to tumble all the way back to the base. But that is alright." The King said as he drew himself up again.

"That was never the challenge. No, the challenge was to get back up again and to climb again. Again and again if you must until you have risen to rise to the challenge and reached all the way to the top of the mountain." The King allowed a faint smile to show on his face.

"And then you reach even further towards the heavens."

This received a low level of chuckles.

"Those are the stories that I have always cherished. Stories that felt real, that felt human. Journeys that were harrowing, terrible and yet…journeys that characters, that people, completed despite the difficulties, despite the impossibility they had felt at times during the journey itself but hadn't let themselves give in, never gave up.

People who grew up to rise to the challenge and became better for it. Those were the kind of people that I felt were heroes." The King gestured towards him and the rest of the crew.

"And these people who stand before you are of that same calibre of heroes who are rising to the challenge that is set before them." The King smiled warmly at them.

"Each and every one of them has come far in their own personal journeys. Each and every one of them has spent years and years to become the best at what they do, striving and struggling, and each and every one of them knows that the journey they are to set upon will only be harder than anything they have faced thus far."

The King's voice turned grave, more solemn. "They will be away for seven years. Seven. Years. The journey to get here felt long enough and I cannot begin to imagine how long it will feel to be away from home for seven years."

"And yet…it has not fazed them at all. It will not faze them at all." The King spoke gently yet the words felt like it had the power of thunder, a thunder that shook his very bones with how confidently, how assuredly he'd spoken.

"These people…our people, will find and see and report great and wonderful and strange sights. They will push the boundaries of our understanding of this galaxy beyond what we would have thought possible." The King continued his gaze now trailing towards the rest of the people in the hangar bay.

"I do not need to be a Seer to know that for I know the hearts and minds of this crew." The King said as he turned back to him and his crew.

"I know that these people, our people, our crew, will rise to the challenge with the same vigour and passion and heart as the Argonauts did when they completed their arduous journey." The King smiled. "And just as the Argo returned home after the arduous but worthwhile journey, the Gallimimus will bring you all home, safe and whole."

The King stared directly into Fortie's eyes. "Just as I know that this captain will bring back the crew home safe and whole for I know that he is the man whose character will not allow anything less." The King finished.

Fortie swallowed dryly as he stepped forward. It felt like he was walking on jelly legs. He bowed deeply towards the King and spoke directly from the heart.

"I will bring my crew back. Safe and whole. Just as I know that they will do the same for me and the rest of our shipmates. Just as I know that my crew is devoted to furthering Illos' knowledge of the universe. On this, you have my solemn vow."

"And Mine!" his crew behind shouted out before they grew into a single voice chanting out the same thing over and over again.

The King smiled warmly at the sight before he bid Fortie to rise.

"I never had any doubts." The King said and the feeling that Fortie felt was indescribable. For he knew that the King meant every single word of it.

The next forty eight hours went by quick as they resupplied the Gallimimus with enough stock of supplies to last them two decades and before long, he was on the bridge with his bridge crew standing by whilst the rest of the ship crew were watching him on the holo.

"Men and women of Illos." Fortie began before pausing for a few moments, a frown coming across his face as he stilled in reciting the speech he'd written so long ago and intended to use in his address to his crew. Yet…as the moment arrived, the words felt…lacking. As if they bore nothing of significance, nothing of substance.

Fortie looked up and traced across the bridge, meeting every set of eyes of his bridge crew, and it was in that moment a spark of inspiration struck him.

"'Hope' is the thing with feathers
That perches in the soul
And sings the tune without the words
And never stops at all…

And sweetest in the gale is heard
And sore must be the storm
That could abash the little bird
That kept so many warm.

I've heard it in the chilliest land
And on the strangest sea
Yet, never, in extremity
It asked a crumb of me"

Fortie finished reciting the poem of the mundane poet Emily Dickinson. A trace of a smile formed on his face as he broke the silence that had followed.

"Those words are not mine but that of a mundane poet from the nineteenth century yet I find those words to be the most perfect set of words to mark our departure into the unknown." Fortie said with a slight incline of his head.

"We are departing with food and supplies to last us decades. We have trained for this mission of seeking out the unknown around our future home for years. We have worked hard to become the very best at what each and every one of us do."

"Yet above all else, I believe hope is the most potent and powerful thing that we must carry." Fortie swept his gaze across the bridge and towards the holo.

"Hope that we will succeed in our mission. Hope that we will endure should we face troubles and challenges. Hope in ourselves to rise to the challenge. Hope in others, in your fellows, that they will rise to exceed your expectations, that they will be there for you when you need them to." Fortie's words ran out of him, his

"Hope give us reasons to continue on even when it is easier not to. It will give us feathers to help us fly despite the weight of despair that could weigh us down in our most challenging time." Fortie smile grew as he placed his arms behind his back.

"Hope…hope is a powerful thing. It is not rational. But it is a music that our souls and our hearts need and I hope you listen that tune and ensure it is never quieted. For when you do, I know that we will succeed beyond our wildest expectations. That, my crew, is my belief and my hope."

For a moment nothing happened before one of the bridge clapped and then the others slowly joined in, grateful smiles and determined faces nodding towards Fortie.

Fortie silently released that breath that he'd held in and turned towards his captain's chair before he sat down. Fortie spared a single moment for Celestis which they orbited before he turned towards the pilot who was waiting on the command.

"Pilot. Take us away."

"Aye-aye sir."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

The stone crushed under his feet, crumbling away to either side of his feet, a feat that kept on happening whilst he treads on the slowly changing landscape of this moon that orbited Eos, a dull beige gas giant that was about the size of Neptune.

For now, this early in the Terra-alchemic process, hard rock was being alchemically softened before changing more permanently into something resembling earth.

It was amongst the quickest processes but even that took months and was only the first step in Emily's Terra-Alchemic topographical transformation.

Complex proteins, minerals, bacteria were the next steps in the transformation and each one of those steps all took years to build. Atticus turned his gaze upwards, beyond the Spiros towers that were being built by drones and heavy-duty golems.

He could see why his people hadn't focused too much on changing the three moons around Eos. Compared to Gribidis, there was a kind of lack of something, a something that was accompanied a lack of awe and beauty that Gribidis so naturally exuded.

Eos simply was a gas giant without any distinctive quality beyond that it existed, beyond the point that it dominated the night sky in day and night.

"This will a hard world." Halona commented next to him. He turned towards the venerable Iroquois man. White of hair that contrasted starkly to his rich honey skin that bore far less wrinkles than a man hundred ninety years of age had any right to.

"Yes." Atticus agreed with a faint smile.

Atticus turned forward again, his gaze trailing across the grey and barren landscape. It wasn't a particularly interesting moon, in truth. At least on the surface. It was a startlingly flat moon barely untouched by asteroids or geological movements – the moon orbited Eos from a wide orbit that didn't cause to assist to create any gravitational effects that other moons around Gibridis had benefitted from thus making this a world that would need continuous support to be life-bearing – and the most interesting about it was that it was the largest moon around Eos, about three-fifths the size of Mars.

Still…memories flashed across Atticus' mind as he overlaid the landscape with what he'd seen over the past few weeks. The vast sea of grey rock was replaced by an unending sea of green grass, only broken by the few but eventually growing small homes occupied by small people.

"But it will be a home nonetheless." Atticus felt Halona's gaze on his back and he turned around to face the old man. Ancient eyes stared at him.

A small wry smile cracked through the old man's expression before he glanced back. "A hard home for a hard people." The old man mused aloud. Atticus followed the man's gaze. Glelk, the goblin in charge of the goblin expedition, a nephew of the Goblin crown prince, was heavily in conversation with two other goblins.

Likely already talking about where to build their capital. They would eventually settle on building north east from here near a vein of a rich platinum vein.

Atticus' gaze fell beyond the goblins towards the others who were trailing behind the goblins. Kimeak Silverbrow, one of the dwarves, was talking with Owennokon, another Iroquois elder, Feodilus of the Grecian Centaur tribe and Firenze of the British tribe. The rest of the expedition was behind on Yethea at present, a burgeoning waterworld. The others weren't interested in wearing the suits they'd have to wear to come to the barren moons of the gas giants.

"Oh, I wouldn't say it would be a hard home." Atticus said mildly, regaining the man's attentions. Atticus smiled slightly the old man.

"Hmm." Halona nodded sagely. "Quite. Different peoples value different things." A flicker of something entered the man's eyes. "Even if it is strange."

Atticus didn't respond to that. There was little to say after all. The Iroquois, the Native American peoples in general, held nature and balance in very high esteem. To take from the land but also to give back in an equal and substantive way.

That wouldn't happen to this world.

Atticus and Halona waited on the others to join in silence, and soon enough Atticus discussed every little detail about the world with the mixed group such as about the platinum and other rare metal deposits that were the richest in the solar system.

The Goblins had already done their tests on several locations to confirm the reports and it matched a hundred percent with what his people had reported about the moon.

Minus a few unimportant details like how Gaius and his team believed that the moon was an exoplanet that drifted into the system millions of years ago, a planet that was kicked out of its system of origin by losing a planetary dance, and found its place here around Eos.

Atticus thought it was probably quite likely given how different the composition of the moon was relative to the moons around Eos which were mostly nickel-iron rocks whilst this moon had a geological make up closer to that of inner world planets which would have formed from stellar dust clouds left behind during the birth of the star.

Glelk was ecstatic, for a Goblin, and was giving hints about claiming this moon for the Goblin nation once the terraforming process was complete.

No one would contest it.

The Dwarves were more interested in Ibronides, a moon around Gribidis whilst the merpeople were keen on co-habiting Yethea which was closely turning into a semi water world.

He told Glelk that they would be given first priority though that the details would have to be discussed with the races and peoples of the Grand Alliance. Atticus would address the Celestis system with whole Alliance once he'd dealt with the Ravenites.

They soon arrived back onto the ship and made their way towards Yethea where the rest of the expedition was, a few hours long journey.

Atticus was in his room reviewing the progress reports of the first large manufacturing hub which would be stationed around Dexirus, nicknamed Hephaestus' Forge, when his door bell chimed.

"Come in" he said, his eyes still looked towards the reports.

The H.F. Hub would be the first manufacturing hub that would be capable producing some of the more advanced Ancient Human technologies, things like synthesising Neutronium or producing rare crystals used for producing particle energy beams and lances that the hubs on Illos weren't exactly geared towards producing.

A high scale manufacturing hub that would consist of massive assembly arrays that would be predominantly be manned by advanced golems working in tandem with nanite constructors. Whilst the Fabrication Hubs could permanently transfigure materials into shape, he wanted the flexibility of nanite construction as reprogramming nanites was significantly quicker than it was to reprogram to create new fabrication templates.

By the time H.F. was complete, it would be capable of building every section of the Citadel class Starbase that he'd seen in the other future.

And capital ships quarter the size of Illos.

It would also include the next generation of Runic Matter Re-Assembler Arrays, an array that could permanently transfigure materials into another material though in this instance, it would contain a memory bank contained decades of his experimentations of permanent transfiguration…including his experimentations of permanent transfiguration of magical materials.

The Energy and Propulsion facility within the H.F. Hub would build the reactors and engines of future ships and defence stations and in time, he expected it to be capable of also building Vacuum Energy Reactors though he expected that to happen only after a few centuries when the Federation was stable.

For now, the layering of enchantments and runes had to be done by a magical person but he was already working on the problem. He'd already solved the issue of producing magical metals like Oralchum perfectly without the need of alchemic transmutation circles and in time enchantments and runes would be printed or weaved as easily as spiders weaved their webs.

Whilst for now it would focus on replication and production of non-magically created materials, later on it would be capable of producing metals like Oralchum perfectly without the need of intensive alchemic transmutation circles.

"Herald." Firenze greeted with the familiar and distinct cadence that he had long ago associated with the centaurs. Atticus turned around after flicking his fingers towards the Holo which blinked out of existence.

"Firenze." Atticus greeted back before gesturing the centaur to come in deeper into his temporary abode which the centaur was only just about able to get into. He hadn't spoken to Firenze much during this trip. Or really any of the centaurs. The three centaurs, the British ones at least, were not particularly talkative and preferred silent contemplation as they travelled through slipspace.

He knew that they had some kind of connection to Living Time but what extent…he knew not. He was curious to know what they felt from magic through slipspace, if they felt like what he'd felt. Funnily enough he'd even checked and experienced through hundreds of timelines where he'd questioned them…with and without force.

They never broke and never gave him an answer he could trust.

Their lack of dialogue continued – especially once he'd emerged out of his sojourn – when they arrived in the Celestis system though he could see they were more and more engaged with the mission as they travelled through the savannahs of Sentanis, through the valleys of Celestis and through the rocky arctic forests of Yethea…at least at the beginning…before they simply refused set foot on Celestis again.

It was the first time he'd seen their magic at play.

It was tender, the way they reached out to nature and even more fascinating was the slight stirring that he'd felt from those worlds, as if they were turning in their sleep from the warm hand on their shoulders.

The Iroquois were less subtle to their approach, less graceful than the centaurs and…less effective. But…it was also something he could replicate compared to how to the more soothing way the centaurs evoked nature magic into stirring, into reaching the precipice of existing.

A way that had allowed them to feel the history of Celestis and Sentanis, especially Celestis, which nearly caused them to be paralysed out of horror.

Honestly, Atticus was incredibly impressed with the centaurs. To feel traces of magic hundreds of thousands of years old to that extent, to the point they were getting an idea of the grim history of this galaxy…

Unfortunately, whatever made the centaurs special had made them special enough that it was rather impossible, at least for now, to learn their way of magic sensing. Still, in the end, Celestis would be bent to his desires using what he'd Seen from the Iroquois and that was enough. Celestis would come alive even if it was not as it once was.

"Have you decided which world you will work on first?" Atticus broke the silence for them. The centaurs hadn't said what world they would like to work on first after they've visited each and every inner world.

He knew which one it would be however.

"Dexirus." Firenze answered simply before his silver eyes latched onto Atticus'.

Atticus nodded. "I understand." He searched the centaurs' eyes a little vaguely. He'd seen enough to know that the beings knew what he planned for Celestis. Perhaps that factored into their reasoning as to why they chose Dexirus…in more ways than one.

"You may observe if you wish." Firenze stated, a flicker of interest showing in his expression. "It may aid you in your trial to come."

Atticus smiled faintly. "Trial?" he asked mildly with a curious expression.

Firenze tapped the deck with his hooves as if to physically express murmurings.

"A trial is still a trial even if the chance of succeeding is certain."

Atticus looked at the centaur a little amused before he folded his hands in his lap. "I see." Atticus only said for a long while whilst keeping eye contact with the centaur. There were a few things that he had to say, that the centaurs had to know.

Words that needed to exist.

"And you're not against my…forceful act?" Atticus asked curiously, already knowing the answer.

Firenze tilted his head slightly, as if confused by the question. "Would it matter?"

"It might." Atticus answered easily despite the fact that it really didn't.

Inlaying Celestis with Mithril would grant him and Emily with a connection that was several of orders of magnitude greater than the connection they held to Illos but that wouldn't give him the same connection, the same control, over the rivers, the land, the seas, and the forests.

This way however, once he'd took control and dispersed traces of his magic within the magical system of Celestis, he'd begin the alignment of the world's magic to his own in a more…natural way and wouldn't fight him so much as he'd estimated it would otherwise.

Firenze's tail whipped around quickly for a few seconds before it stopped. "It would not." The centaur answered calmly. "You are as unswayable as Death itself."

The centaur looked away from Atticus, towards the ceiling, as if he was in the midst of a vision. "Death for a world that should remain dead for the loss it suffered." the centaur said lowly before returning his gaze back to Atticus.

Atticus didn't respond to the opinion of the centaur. To them, it would be better for Celestis to be a world laid at rest instead of disturbing the resting place of many, many species. He disagreed. Fervently.

A few moments passed before he spoke.

"When we leave Yethea, I will have you and your fellow centaurs sent to Dexirus to begin the transformation." Atticus raised his hand and a holo image of the moon popped up. "You will focus on these regions, will you not?"

Areas around the equator were alight where most of the forests were located.

"Yes." Firenze simply answered.

Atticus nodded. "Very well. The bulk of the animals can be brought out of stasis in a moment's notice" he paused for a moment as he chose to meet the silver eyes of the centaur "Though I would prefer if you told them when you are expecting to be done in those regions."

The centaur met his gaze though said nothing for a few short moments. "We will."

Atticus smiled faintly. Small steps he supposed. They both knew that Atticus knew exactly when they'd be done but this was more a case of coaxing the centaurs into developing a working relationship with magicals.

The centaur turned around and made to leave before pausing and stood half turned away from Atticus. Atticus looked on expectantly. "You now outshine Mars itself."

"I do because I must." Atticus answered calmly before he looked away from the centaur. The centaur's tail wagged uncertainly. Atticus felt a bout of sympathy, just the smallest amount. He could certainly understand how strange it must be to experience such a dramatic change to the events of the future.

"Just as I must outshine Jupiter, just as I must outshine Saturn and just as I must incorporate the brightness of Uranus into my being." Atticus leaned forward as he spoke honestly. He believed all of that.

He would be as merciless as the Roman god of War, he would show strength and energy and ambition to such degree that he would dominate all those who would come to cross him. Just as he would act as the guardian and father of the magical world, facilitating growth, expansion, prosperity, nobility, focus and civility for those who would come to rely on him, those who he'd entice to his bosom.

"I see." The centaur said with a frown.

"Does that scare you?"

"Yes." Firenze answered blatantly though no such fear emanated from the centaur. Atticus wasn't sure if the being felt fear in the same way humans did.

"Once, we were certain you would not go to extreme lengths."

The words unsaid were clear enough.

"For the magical world…for your people. For my own people. Even for the boggarts. I will do what I must. Lady Magic may judge my soul for it at the end of my time."

Firenze met his gaze and said nothing when he turned around and walked out of the room. Atticus sighed when the door closed and for a long moment simply sat there, considering what the centaurs could have seen.

In the end, Atticus simply shook his head and returned his attentions towards the reports of the H.F. Hub.

They arrived at Yethea with little fanfare and it wasn't long before Atticus departed with the centaurs in tow towards Dexirus whilst the others stayed behind as most Iroquois worked to nurture nature magic into flourishing on Yethea.

After dropping off the centaurs, he took a slipspace capable shuttle with a few of his guards in tow, guards who were sworn to secrecy, and made his way towards a cluster of stars around two hundred light years away where there were a bunch of red giants all within a fifty light year radius.

The ship exited slipspace a few days later at the rim of the system before Atticus directed the ship to approach the red giant. The shuttle was specially made to get as close as possible to the photosphere.

By the time they were as close as they could get, Atticus was in the expanded hangar deck where he was unlocking one of the large containers. "Sir, we've arrived."

"Thank you Lionel." Atticus said as he threw open the doors to the container and an iridescent blue glow beamed out of the container and into the hangar deck.

With a delicate flicker of the fingers, the glowing globule moved towards Atticus as he stepped a little backwards. The surface of the globe was undulating, like a spherical ball of the sea moving at tide and the globe was about three meters in diameter and within it, one could see faint outlines of some metallic structures.

"I will be opening the hangar now to space, Lionel." Atticus called out as he gentle guided the orb towards the port-hatch.

"Yes sir." Lionel quickly said before disappearing through hatch.

Atticus waved his hand towards the port-hatch, pressing the buttons that would expel all air out of the hangar deck whilst at the same time closing it off. Atticus' suit automatically raised a bubble of air around his head before darkening to nearly pitch black to protect his eyes from the radiation and light from the star.

Soon enough the port-hatch opened and he was floating out into space with the globe floating just before his outstretched hand.

He could feel the heat emanating from the red giant that looked like it had no end this close to it. Thankfully his suit would protect from the radiation as much as it would protect him from the heat. The surface of the red giant was a maelstrom of activity, turbulent solar storms wracked across its surface, sunspots the size of hundreds of Celestis' was clear to see, flares that were taller than any structure he could think of creating lashed out from the surface of the star. It was beautiful.

As soon as he was far away from the shuttle, Atticus waved his free hand behind him and he began to increase his speed. It was fifteen minutes later that he felt comfortable enough in the distance that he'd put himself from the shuttle and with a slightest of pushes, he released the globe away from himself though it was still within his control.

By now, the globe was as far away from him as he was from the shuttle.

Over the decades, he'd made significant strides when it came to dimensional manipulation. Rowena's Time Room, the Vanishing Cabinets and the immense library of content the Ancient Humans had on dimensions that overlaid onto reality was enough for him to make significant strides into creating pockets of dimensions that were near infinite in size.

That was what the globe was, a pocket dimension, and now it was time to invert the globe and release its content. Atticus raised his hands, his eyes were glowing as his magic unfurled itself from the bottom of his core and weaved his hands in intricate motions. First, he re-orientated the globe to the exact position it needed to be in before his hands began to glow a blue orange hue.

Runes, Illosian runes, flashed into existence before he sent them towards the globe and encircled it. The runes began to move, rotate, as they sunk into the surface of the globe and though he could hear nothing in the emptiness of space, he imagined he could hear the sound of a latch unlocking.

The globe began to glow as bright as the star itself before it had burst with the same kind of superheated explosion as that of a nuclear bomb but instead of a mushroom cloud rising to the top, a massive round mirror burst through, so large that it cast him into the shadows.

The mirror was three times the circumference of Earth and it was indestructible to conventional means. Atticus waved his hands around himself and strings of enchantments wrapped around him, enchantments that would fortify his suit several orders of magnitudes greater than needed but nonetheless, it added an illusion of safety as he began to move towards the other side of the mirror.

The front of the mirror was as hot as the surface of the sun itself though that paled in comparison to the beams of energy that was being directed to the tiny cross section that was at a distance of half the radius away and parallel with the centre point of the mirror. The entire mirror was angled towards this cross section and with the same clever runic arrays at the back of each mirror pane, there was zero loss of energy as they reflected energy towards this tiny cross section.

Atticus stayed clear from the beams and went towards the back of the Feeder. With a wave of the hand, Atticus' magic crept up into the 'keyhole' of the Feeder and he felt the Feeder unlock. It was keyed to his magic and a particular feed rate of his magic as an added protection so without those two combinations, it couldn't unlock.

Inside of the device, glowing orange white light faintly shone through and at the very centre of it, there was a large triangular symbol that contained several triangles.

Manifestation. Revelation. A Higher Perspective

These were the meanings that this runic symbol was ascribed to, and it was this that, along with years of high level physics studies that earned him the ability to ascribe conversion of other forms of energy into neurophysical energy…magic.

With another wave of the hand, a small globule of Mithril flew from the capsule that had hung from his mid rift. A few flickers of his fingers towards the Feeder brought out a number of thin wires that he made to sink into the small ball of Mithril.

Atticus' hairs stood up as he felt a trickle of the magical energy the Mithril began to emit as it fed on the magic that was now feeding it. It was potent, he mused to himself. The magical power per second that was being fed into the Mithril was akin to half the magical power he possessed.

He couldn't even really imagine the amount of power that this Mithril Seed would contain when it had fully devoured this red giant.

Atticus closed the Feeder and raised his hand towards the Mithril sphere before waving his wand away towards the star. The Mithril sphere jetted away and after a few minutes had passed, Atticus forced it to stop.

It would grow to the size of a planetoid in forty to sixty years and once that was done, Atticus' eyes darkened, he would see the Mithril Seed sink into the red giant once it was implanted with mobile Feeder and consume the star inside out.

He'd done the calculations once he'd had a bit of time after his conversation with his alternative-self. They'd already realised long ago that there was a hard limit to the conversion rate, a conversion rate that transformed about 1/20th​ of energy into magical energy. However…there was also a way that would convert massive amounts of energy at 1/120th​ to magical energy at a much faster rate.

At the time, he and Alice had dismissed that option because it was wasteful in comparison to this method and they didn't want to waste so much of the energy produced by the Vacuum Energy Reactor. A thinking that continued with his plans with the thirteen stars. But…he had no reason to be so conservative especially since time was not a friend of his and his people.

Atticus turned his gaze towards the red giant. By the time the Mithril Seed was the size of a planetoid, he'd place the Seed into the star and would grow large enough to be three times larger than Jupiter itself.

Brimming with magical energy that would sustain his civilisation for untold amount of generations. Brimming with energy waiting to be wielded against their enemies.

Yes…

It would be wasteful but he had no time to waste.

Atticus turned around and darted back towards the shuttle. As he entered the hanger and re-pressurised the hangar, the door to the inner ship opened and Lionel and Aldrin walked out. "Mission was a success, boys." Atticus said to his trusty guards.

"Aldrin, take us to the next stop." Atticus said as he transfigured his suit into something a little more comfortable. The next trip would take about ten hours and he wasn't so keen to remain in his suit whilst he was meditating.

"Yes sir." Aldrin said and soon enough, they were on the way towards the next red giant.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Celestis, Arion Continent (Northern Celestis)

Minnehaha POV

She tilted her head slightly, her ear angled towards the sky as she waded through the forest. The wind rustled the leaves, sounds of plants and trees made to sway by the wind were all that filled her ears. But…no sounds of life outside of the vegetation.

There was no music of the birds, no buzzing of insects.

There was no hum and song of the Spirits.

It was…odd, she mused to herself. There were signs that this world once upon a time bore life. There were echoes of it. She felt it through her magic. Traces. Very small traces and it was like one day…it just seemed to cease to exist.

All gone within a blip of time.

And it left this world strangely sterile of life itself. Almost to the same extent as those worlds that the Illosians were changing to suit life. She'd seen enough of this world's ecosystem to know that it was very close to death for a long time before the hardest of flora managed to fill in the gaps.

But magically? This world was rich, richer than even her homeland. The magic here felt like a thick blanket that covered her from head to toe. Yet…it was lacking in warmth…of substance. And…it was also scarred.

She shuddered slightly as she remembered that first trace of magic. She had felt horror as she felt echoes of dead spirits of nature, echoes of their cries as they made to die within a blip of time, the same blip of time that killed off this world's children.

The others had felt it too.

The centaurs especially. They were horror struck by what had happened to this world…and to Sentanis and to a much lesser extent the other two inner worlds.

But this world…this world haunted them. So much so that they did not want to set foot again once they understood the deaths that occurred on this world.

Owennokon had also refused in the end and Halona was far from eager himself to involve himself on this world. Oddly, the Sayre King did not seem to mind one bit.

She sighed as she made her way towards the edges of the forest, out of the forest, her mind wandering off to the tales of her people in context to this world.

Her people believed that long before the world was created, there was an island floating in the sky where the Sky People lived, living quiet and happy lives where no one died and no one was born and no one experienced sadness.

It was a blissful existence.

One day, one of the Sky Women realised she was pregnant and gave birth to twins, an occurrence that never had happened before and it enraged her husband who ripped out the Tree of Light in his anger which had illuminated the island as the sun had not yet been created before pushing his wife through the hole he created.
The Sky Woman tumbled and tumbled towards the waters below but two birds saw her and caught her before she could fall and carried her on their backs and brought her to the other animals, the animals that lived in the waters.

The animals realised that she was not a water animal and one by one they tried to pick up mud from the bottom of the waters but they kept on failing. Until, Little Toad tried and when he reappeared, his mouth was full of mud which the animals took and spread it on the back of Big Turtle. The mud began to grow and grow and grow until became the size of North America.

The Sky Woman then stepped onto the land and sprinkled dust into the air and created the stars. Then she created the moon and the sun. She then brought her hands to her mouth and blew a sharp whistle and notes of music began to fly throughout the world until one of the notes took root into the maple trees, and another into the rivers, and another into the earth and another into the rocks and seas.

The notes of music began to change and turned into voices of their own and when the Sky Woman gave birth to twin sons, the sons added notes after notes to each voice making them come alive like the Sky Woman was or the twins were.

The Spirits were born from these notes, from these voices.

For a time, things were as perfect as they were on the floating island except Flint, one of the twins began to destroy much of the work Sapling, his brother, had done and in the end, they fought to conquer one another and in the end Sapling had won.

As she glanced around, she couldn't help but wonder if Owennokon superstitious beliefs had a hint of merit, that Flint had won on this world. She wasn't a Literalist like a few of the Elders were, those few who ascribed much value to ancient tales and creation stories like Owennokon was prone to do but it was a tale that was stuck into her mind.

She smiled a little wryly as she continued to walk. She found herself often stuck with ancient tales in her mind, more than she'd wished to. Especially since the subject of her concerns was very troublesomely involved in those ancient tales.

Flashes of the symbol of Hinon and its links to the prophecy, the floating island and the man's connection to the Thunderbird dominated the forefront of her mind. She sighed as she continued to walk, her mind once again drifting to the subject at hand.

She did not know what to think of the Sayre King.

Even more so now that she'd had the chance to speak with him a number of occasions. It was very clear that the man was uncomfortably aligned to a few of the stories but she also got the feeling that there was a pit of darkness in him.

Comanche had advocated for him, having met him as a boy, and a few of their people who worked with MACUSA did the same. She'd almost refused to even learn what they were set to go even though she already knew of rumours that the Illosians had found Atlantis. The oaths were almost offensive with how restrictive it was.

In the end, Comanche had convinced her and the other elders and to say she was surprised was putting it lightly. They'd already heard of Illos sailing through the Void, a feat that most had come round to accepting since the No-Majs had done the same feat with their machinery.

But worlds around another sun?

That was another thing entirely and in the end, the Sayre King swore a blood oath in the way of the Iroquois and that was enough for them to realise he was speaking the truth. Atlantis was a ruse to hide what the Illosians had achieved and they wanted their help to rouse these worlds into full awareness.

Much like how their world was awake and aware.

She took the time to learn more about the Sayre King before deciding anything.

A war hero, a genius and a leader of men.

Those were things ascribed to the man but another description fitted the man well as well she'd decided. A killer, a manipulator and someone with far too much power than anyone should have. Magically and politically.

She shook her head. Despite that, the earth, the wind, and the sun all told her things that seemed contrary to what she thought of the man. 'Herald'. 'Ark Builder'.

She didn't understand why the Spirits would always return those two words to her, no matter what method she used to seek an answer. Always those two words accompanied with the symbol of Hinon, the thunder spirit of her people.

In the end, those cryptic answers from the Spirits – at that point – along with the temptation of seeing and feeling and touching new worlds that was different to their own little Turtle Island had proven too much for her to resist.

To understand if these worlds had the same origin as their own world had.

"Perhaps once upon a time…" she said to herself quietly as she stepped over a thick root. This world was so very similar to that of their own, it was scarcely believable.

Her hand traced across the bark of the tree she walked by before she looked down at her hand. She'd seen a number of tree species that wouldn't go amiss in eastern and central North America. It was almost scary to see how similar it all was.

It was partly the reason why Owennokon and Halona were reluctant to coax the dead spirits of this world to live again. Beyond the simple superstition. They felt as if they were disturbing the graves of the kin of their own spirits of nature.

She made it out of the forest a few hours later and made her towards the camp that was about a ten minute walk away. When she realised that she didn't tire as much as she did back home, she'd made an effort to exercise her old bones.

A twinkle shone in her brown eyes. She'd already lost half a stone since she'd been.

She saw the young man Gaius there conversing with a few of his people.

One thing she most certainly noticed was that there were many, many, young people here. People who were about a century and a few decades shy of even being considered to be an elder. She knew that they were only in their third decade, for the most part, unlike the Sayre King who was very clearly older in his magic even if he looked like a man barely out of his final maturity.

She'd asked the Sayre King once and he'd told her that these people were all more or less raised on Illos and were picked for this as they were the generation that were the ones who knew technology and magic like it was the back of their hands.

"Ah, Minnehaha." The young man said with a smile. She returned it kindly.

"Are we ready to go?" There was a camp by the valley northwest from here where most of the people were located.

Gaius shook his head. "No. I've just been in contact with the King. He wants you to come to him at the Trident stream." The young man said sympathetically.

She nodded amiably.

"That is fine. I think I have a few hours left in me." She said with a smile.

Soon enough they were in one of the sky-boats the Illosians liked to use. It certainly was preferable than the broomsticks the Europeans long used. Although in her opinion she much preferred the carpets. Especially the very large ones.

She smiled to herself as she lost herself to her memories. She and her husband had many great out of that carpet. It was a shame she never got another one.

The trip didn't take long at all and she saw him in the middle of the shallow stream that was upstream to the river before it split into three streams.

Gaius didn't stick around as he flew off moments after she was dropped off and she made her way towards the Sayre King. A frown formed on her face.

When she heard the centaurs call this man Herald, it was then she understood that the centaurs knew far, far more than she did. Even to her people, the centaurs were known to be reclusive and hostile to magicals. A shame as her people venerated the race of beings when they'd learnt of them and what they possible represented.

It also concerned her that the symbolism to Hinon held deeper connotations as some of the elders thought possible. She'd dismissed it then but now…now she was confronted with an unwanted consideration.

As she neared him, she could feel his magic emanating from him. It was gentle, tender and she realised that he was feeling the river much like she and her people did. Or at least attempting to. It was a very good attempt, she conceded.

The Sayre King turned around and offered her a slight smile.

"How am I doing thus far?"

She tilted her head as she zeroed in on his magic. It was coarse, his attempt, but there was promise there. "Good for someone not of my people" she answered.

For her and her people, their relationship with nature was symbiotic.

Like a glass of water, one would not be able to separate out the water droplets, that is how in tune elders of her people are with the Spirits.

His attempt…it was like a drop of sugary water. It was clear, it was of the same hue but it was changing the water itself rather than being inseparable to the water.

"High praise." The Sayre King said with an amused lilt to his voice before he closed his eyes and her breath hitched as the volume of his magic grew orders of magnitude greater than what it had been before. She did have to admit, that his ability in magic was astonishing and even more so his level of control. She had little trouble imagining that this man, even as young as he would have been at the time, had defeated the European who'd nearly broke the Statue of Secrecy in New York.

Her eyes widened as she felt him change the magic around this river. She could feel, the music, the tone of the very river shift. Where before it was water, it was now akin to a glass full of sugary water and for a moment, she felt the ancient trace of the dead spirits around these parts grow stronger, as if they were being resurrected, no, that wasn't the right word…it was as if pieces of broken vases were being gathered and used to make something else.

But wh-

A gasp escaped her as she realised what exactly he was doing.

"Owennokon and the centaurs are right." The Sayre King spoke as he reopened his eyes. White glowing eyes were cast towards her, his arms rising slowly.

"The spirits of this world are dead. They have been for many, many years. I can respect their desires to let the world rest in peace but Celestis itself does not want remain dead." The Sayre King smiled gently at her as his magic began to retreat into him, his eyes no longer aglow as they dimmed as the seconds ticked away.

"You mean to use their corpses to create new spirits." She accused harshly.

It was an abominable act.

The Sayre King made his way towards her, his head shaking. "Is this world in balance without its spirits?" the Sayre King asked her but left her no time to answer as he exited the stream of water.

"It is not. You have felt the wounds on this world. The life it once bore and the majesty of this world once upon a time. So much so that even now we can feel traces of this world's history echo through time. Does this world not deserve to awaken from the near fatal wound it was made to suffer? Why should I not heal this world and at the same time use the ashes of its Spirits to bring forth new Spirits that would, for all intents and purposes, be the legacies of those ancient Spirits?"

"If that was what you were doing, if that was all that you were doing, it would have been one thing. But it is not, is it?" she returned with narrowed eyes though the Sayre King's reaction surprised her as he seemed to deflate as he approached her.

"No, it is not." The Sayre King gave her a weary smile before he waved his hand and chairs came into existence. "Please take a seat." The Sayre King gestured towards the seat. When he saw her resolutely standing he only offered her a kinder smile. "I will explain my reasoning." He assured her.

She sat down.

"The reason why I am doing this is related to why this world has lost all of its life and all of its Spirits at the same time." The Sayre King stated calmly.

"You know what happened?" she asked sceptically. Not even the centaurs knew, of that she was fairly certain. How could the Sayre King know when the centaurs were far beyond him when it came to interpreting nature and its memories?

"Only because of my ancestor." The Sayre King explained and then proceeded to tell her an unbelievable story that she could scarcely believe.

A story of horror and death and unforgivable crimes.

A story of ancient humans, their ancestors, who fought for life and in the midst of it all lost their ways and were cruelly punished for their erring ways and yet it was that same punishment that allowed them to survive as the race of beings who defeated them wiped the galaxy clean of the infection that sought to devour it.

She would have thought it a lie had the Sayre King swore an oath to the truth of his tale. Yet what disturbed her even more was the fact that the Sayre King believed that the galaxy was still very far from a safe place for he did not believe the infection was eradicated nor did he believe beings like these Forerunners were gone from the galaxy.

"Celestis needs to live. This system needs to live. Our future depends on it." The Sayre King said solemnly as he bowed his head "I know that this method is not…ideal but I will do what I must to ensure we have a safe haven."

'Ark builder…'

That word rang in her mind.

"You intend to take the magical world here." She simply stated, her eyes boring into the man. She'd already suspected it really. It was hard not to after seeing how the Dwarves and the Goblins and even the centaurs had looked at each world like they were at a market shopping for goods. The Sayre King smiled slightly before nodding, his expression falling into seriousness as his smile wiped itself away from his face.

The intensity in his strange eyes captured her into stillness.

"I have Seen far enough into the future to know that our time on Earth is coming to an end." the man raised his arm, forestalling her response. "You may disagree, you may deny but before you do that, you should speak to the centaurs who have seen the same futures. The only way I see us remaining on Earth is if we subjugate the mundanes." The Sayre King's eyes darkened.

"I have no desire to do that to our cousins nor am I willing to subject Earth to a war that could potentially see much of its life annihilated in the conflict." The Sayre King leaned forward. "And you also know that co-existence is nearly impossible. Especially now that your own mundane cousins are numbered in the hundreds of thousands compared to the hundreds of millions that have taken their place."

She thinned her lips at the mention of the destruction of the Native No-Majs. She and the other elders of the tribes of America were long of the belief that had they not been made to adhere to the Statute of Secrecy, they could have prevented the collapse of the ancient civilisations that her people once upon a time belonged to.

Whilst the diseases the No-Maj Europeans brought with them to America decimated and depopulated America, there still had been millions of Natives still around to stabilise the Native American civilisations before the trickle became a flood.

Civilisations that long had relied on their magical counterparts for spiritual advice, for healing and even leading them. But they had lost the Statute Wars and had been forced to agree to the Statute of Secrecy lest they be wiped out like the Coalition had done to other magical communities.

"And you would swear on this?" she asked him sharply. "You would swear that only two options exist? Subjugation or leaving?"

"No." the Sayre King smiled apologetically before his expression turned grim. "There are more options than just those two. There are many shades of choices available. Peace however, never is an option. That, I can swear by if I must."

The Sayre King leaned back, his gaze turning towards the stars as evening was beginning to fall. "There are too many things the mundanes can fear from us. There are many things our own kind can fear from them. We are simply too different." The Sayre King turned back towards her, his eyes falling onto hers. "You know this too. As do your people otherwise you would have done more to help the Native Americans instead of staying in the magical world even centuries after the Statute Wars."

She looked away from his gaze. That was hardly ever discussed amongst her people. She was old enough to have been born only decades after the Americans had won their independence, an era that still had many opportunities of covertly assisting the Native Americans in their struggles. And at the time…they never went for it.

Neither did the other communities like the Mohicans, the Seneca or the Cherokee, Creeks or the Apache. Each of the tribes had their reasons but ultimately it came down to the fact that this way was easier. For generations, magicals were dragged into their spats and rarely could magicals in one clan meet with other clans of the same tribe. And often, magicals were the first that warriors set out to kill.

Even the young.

"My people will never agree to move." She answered instead.

The Sayre King nodded. "Yes. You would not abandon your Spirits. Which is why I will work to find a way to transport the essences of your Spirits to a world of your choosing." The Sayre King said seriously, startling her.

"Impossible." The Spirits inhabited the earth, the sky, the very rivers. They were never fixed in one place. "And even if it was possible, the Spirits would never agree."

"Really?" the Sayre King said in a way as if he knew some grand secret as he leaned forward and she could see the flecks in his eyes aglow like emerald stars.

"The Spirits are irrevocably linked to life. To magical life especially." He stressed out before continuing "Generations of your people communing with the spirits has given them a voice to speak to you with. To share with you with what you need to know, what you should know. It is a symbiotic relationship built upon generations of magicals interacting with the environment." The Sayre King gestured towards the surroundings.

"It is why I am able to use ancient traces to rebuild that link to life that this world has so long and so sorely missed." The Sayre King turned back towards her, his intense gaze fixed upon her.

"Do you think that this is not the future of Earth?" the words spoken felt like a hammer blow. The Sayre King pressed on. "You have lived the best part of two centuries now. Do not tell me that the Spirits are as widespread as they'd once been."

"The Spirits are still vocal." She said with narrowed eyes.

"In areas where you have marked out as your own. Places the mundanes are not able to see or touch despite the fact that less than two hundred miles from your settlements there are countless number of towns and cities." Most of their settlements were centred around the Chequamegon and Ottawa forests where MACUSA had influenced the No-Majs to leave untouched after an alliance of elders threatened to burn down town after town until the No-Majs considered the area as cursed.

The Sayre King gestured towards the lands around them. "In lands like these, like on Sentanis or Dagolia or Yethea, these Spirits will have the chance to once again inhabit every corner of the world instead of withering away as they promise to now."

She stared at him for a long while. The Sayre King was repeating things that the most extreme of her people believed. Things had settled down in the past half century but there was a growing anger amongst the youth. Towards MACUSA, towards the No-Majs, towards the tribe and the other tribes too.

All because they felt as if they were doing nothing, had done nothing, about 'the loss of voices' but they were young. Young and stupid as all youths were.

Change was always happening. It was a fact of life and she and the rest of the elders believed that this was merely a cycle, just as the cycle of the Always-Winter had come to an end many, many generations ago.

Unfortunately, the young weren't keen on being told such a thing and it was partially why there was a resurgence in interest of the ancient tales, tales that once upon a time would have been left as children's story to be sung and revelled in communion. It was dangerous what he was saying and she feared it for she knew that he would resonate much with those angry youths.

"Why do you care?" she only asked, deflecting away from words.

The Sayre King met her gaze "Why do I care about what?" he returned to her but his eyes were knowing with what she was speaking of yet he was making her speak it.

"You're trying to win me over for a purpose I do not understand." She said firmly.

He was trying to win her over by trying to instil fear and uncertainty of the future before making out as if he cared about the Spirits. Spirits he did not revere nor respect given what he would do the deceased Spirits here.

'Why this man?' she wondered to herself with a troubled consideration.

"Because I am her Herald and it is my duty to care for her creations and I will do as I am commanded." The Sayre King answered, his expression set in utter belief.

She feared those words. It was one thing if he was just another power hungry idiot that crept up in Europe and other parts of the world so often but this belief felt different. Was different. It was unavoidable now, the coincidences couldn't be considered simply to be coincidences. It must have been written on her expression as his expression softened.

"Just as you have a connection to the Spirits, I have a connection with Lady Magic. One that I have had since I was a boy." His expression seemed to collapse into tiredness before it took on a melancholic quality.

"I was told by a centaur before I'd even hit my third maturity that I was to build Arks for her children. That I was her Herald and that the duty of saving everyone would fall to my shoulders." The Sayre King shrugged lightly, a rueful smile on his face.

"At the time, I considered it to be wonderful. After all, not just anyone can be her Herald." The Sayre King chuckled softly as he shook his head before he sighed.

"A heavy responsibility to shoulder." She said quietly as she stared at the Sayre King. 'Herald'. 'Ark Builder'. Whether or not it was true if he was truly the reborn Hinon as prophesised mattered not. To think this man had been that young to be told of such a heavy thing was unconscionable. It made more sense now, those newspaper clippings of the boy's speeches before the elders of his culture.

Words of duty, responsibility and references to Lady Magic…

She felt a bout of sympathy for Atticus.

If it was true, if he truly was the rebirth of Hinon himself as the prophecy suggested

Atticus turned his head upward and peered at her with a light smile. "And it is a responsibility I will gladly burden if it means that at the end I am alive to see many generations beyond my own have families of their own. If I can see magic, the spirits and the animals themselves flourish instead of being made to live in reserves and zoos for fear of them being discovered and hunted into extinction by the mundanes."

Atticus rose from his seat. "I will not force any peoples to move with me. That is my promise and I will swear by it when we return to Earth." He said sincerely.

"But you will advocate for it." She surmised and he inclined his head slowly.

"I will. Just as I will work to find solutions that the peoples of our world can accept."

"And if they don't?" She posed to him "If people, if communities, do not wish to leave despite your efforts?" she posed to him, her eyes searching his expression.

"Then I will desist." Atticus told her and it felt truthful.

"I am her Herald but I am not one to force people do what they do not wish to do. Our greatest gift is choice and I will not take that from anyone. Even if I think it unwise." Atticus admitted to her. For a long moment she only stared at him before she nodded. For now, she believed his sincerity.

Really, she had little option but to do so. Having seen the capabilities of the Illosians, she knew that they were a people that could conquer the magical world if they ever desired. Perhaps she should listen more to the wisdom of the Spirits, she thought with a sigh. She peered at him one more time, giving him a long look before she decided. Very well. There were many, however uncomfortable, signals that this man was sent by the Sky Woman herself. Ark builder. Herald. Hinon.

She got up and she winced slightly as she felt the tightness in her body. She waved off the look of concern on Atticus' face and made her way towards the stream.

She stopped for a moment and looked over her shoulder. She saw him looking at her curiously. "Come. I will show you what you are missing." She told him. She wasn't sure if it was the right choice but ultimately she owed to the deceased spirits of this world that much of their essence was preserved.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Gaius POV

The deck was silent. None moved. Every set of eyes stood watch. Brown. Blue. Green. Grey. Silver. Amber. All watching. All mesmerised as clumps of white grew and twisted and joined up with larger twisted clumps. Slowly. Nonetheless inevitable

It was as if all that stood witness were a piece of lint, adrift on a string of music cast away by the serenating melody of a heart capturing spirit of nature, whose melody, whose voice, touched every corner of the soul, whose voice to which they were bent to, utterly and totally, swaying in their non-motion as the voice commanded them to simply…

Watch.

Two. Four. Ten. Twenty white swirls twisted into a single storm and the moment came, a moment of the first spark, so sudden and so very brief, like the fleeting but sharp sensation of an surprising pinprick, a spark that grew to become a hundred, far from random, far from without rhythm as it sparked into existence to that same melodious music, and Gaius imagined this how the dawn of existence itself to be, to a music that grew from nothing into a rapturous orchestra, and just as the collection of stars grew to uncountable numbers within a fraction of time after the moment, after the height of blazing organs, so did the sparks grow to such numbers as form streaks of un-breaking lightning that engulfed large parts of the northern hemisphere.

Yet…that was not what had Gaius in awe. Not entirely.

No…that came from the magic that he saw. He saw his mentor's magic, that distinctive violet and emerald magic, reach beyond the storm, through the storm, even beyond very fringes of the stratosphere.

His mentor was transcending the bounds what Gaius thought possible.

"Hinon…" he heard whispered from beside him.

He turned and saw that Minnehaha, the elder Iroquois woman was staring at the planet with a hidden awe within a complicated expression.

"Hinon?" Gaius couldn't help but ask moments before his attentions were once more recaptured by the intensity of the lightning that raged below.

The very world was now becoming subsumed by the storm, the fury, the range of the storm slowly extending further and further south. The very world was alight with white blue streaks of lightning that resembled cracks in window panes as the King sought to reforge Celestis into a world of his own.

"My people…" he heard the respected elderly woman continue though he couldn't keep his eyes away from the world in front of them, as if the shortest blink was enough to make him miss something he ought never.

"My people have long worshipped spirits of nature, often as sons and daughters and grandchildren of Sky Woman, Lady Magic herself, with magical creatures of power such as the Thunderbirds and the Phoenixes as her great grandchildren." She paused in her explanation and Gaius could see that her words were being listened to by everyone on the bridge.

"Hinon is amongst the most powerful of Lady Magic's children as the physical representation of lightning and thunder." Her expression cycled through a complex twist of feelings that Gaius wasn't sure how to interpret.

"To think it is true…" he faintly heard her whisper.

Gaius waited for her say something, anything but she remained quiet, her eyes set on the sights before them and Gaius turned his gaze towards the view as well.

He saw his mentor's magic, that distinctive magic dispersed, no merged, into the very world system of Celestis, a world system that so long had been dormant, to the point where one could not determine where the King started and Celestis ended.

The white blue streaks began to change, their aglow hues of startling white and blue seemed to break, split, as other shades of the colour spectrum began to branch out from the lightning streaks.

Until…

Until they began to normalise, began to shift into spectrums of emerald green and violet and Gaius' breath hitched as he watched the entire world system bending to Atticus' will, to his desires, to his magic, his simmering, broiling, sweeping magic that cast Celestis into a glow of vibrant greens and emeralds.

A chill descended down Gaius' back as he watched on unable to tear his gaze away from the planet, his eyes seeing every tendril, every strand, every fibre of his mentor's magic twist and wrack around the world that was captured into a storm of his mentor's making.

Somehow he imagined hearing the deafening sounds of howling and whistling air, he imagined feeling the denseness of magic on his skin as if he was standing there on Celestis.

The world was now aglow with streaks of unending violet and emerald lightning, the world was so submerged in Atticus' magic that he could never even see where it began and where it ended.

Gaius felt like laughing at the absurdity of it all. He knew his mentor was special, he knew that he was likely the most powerful wizard to have existed but this…this was beyond the pale. Utterly and truly. He never imagined he was capable of this.
There were limits, Gaius had believed, to what Archmages were capable of and this…this was beyond what Archmage should be able to do. Even tales of legendary wizards like Zeus or Odin, Sky Fathers, never even closely touched to what they were seeing today.

"Minnehaha…if you tell me that the King is a Spirit…I will believe you." Gaius only said as massive jagged structures of blue silver metal began to peak through the storms and beyond the stratosphere before diving back into the ground.

Atticus POV

The world around him had disappeared in blinding violet and emerald light, liquid power that coursed through his veins was flowing out of him in volumes he'd never allowed to flow out of him and it was akin to like blood pouring out of slashed wrists.

BOOM, BOOM, BOOM

Thunder rumbled with the consistency of a machinegun, each rumble shaking the world with the force of a life-ending asteroid striking the world.

Lightning sizzled and burnt the wet air. He could taste burnt ozone on his tongue even through the haze of suffocating magic. It was apocalyptic, this monstrous uni-storm that he'd conjured and for the first time in decades, he felt close to Death.

His body felt like it was tearing itself apart, the howls, the screams, the sharp agonising whistling of the wind were like physical sounds that wanted to escape through his throat as his magic submerged into Celestis' proverbial soul, a soul that was shaking, shook, tearing itself apart just as Atticus' own body was tearing itself apart as the interacted with the dormant, near dead, magic of Celestis.

The lightning that he was generating felt like miniature cracks into the fabric of the universe itself, his channelling of nature magic, his bending of and simultaneous submersion into Celestis' world magic was altering and shattering in a way he'd never physically experienced before.

This was akin to a reboot, a hard reboot, that would see nature magic of the forests, of the seas, of the plains and the valleys awaken and grow into a kind of sentience like he knew Illos or Hogwarts, or the Forbidden Forest had, a sentience that would be nothing but a middling seed at first but eventually it would sprout as Celestis was filled with mundane animals and magical creatures alike but that would, could, only come to be once he rebooted Celestis with his coaxing – forceful – magic.

It was not the soothing ways of the centaurs, or the probing ways of the Iroquois but it would work. It. Would. Work.

A mantra that filled his mind again and again as he stood there with his body slowly falling apart even as he felt his magic touching every corner of the world and it was moments – or was it hours – later that he felt something, something akin to a heartbeat, a weak heartbeat, a fleeting heartbeat but a heartbeat nonetheless, one that was growing in strength, and in turn his hopes grew in strength, but it soon turned too fast, too hard, too demanding and he could feel himself losing grip onto Celestis.

Calm…

CALM…

CALM!!!

That word repeated itself in his mind, a word that was shouted, whispered, screamed, begged, allured, all attempts made to guide the sleepy world back into awareness, into awakening, and he was failing to wake Celestis up peacefully and calmly.

The very ground that he stood one was shaking apart, the maelstrom of his magic entwined with nature magic was slowly disintegrating the entire region he was located and all he could do is hang on, to keep gripping onto nature with fierce and unbreakable will until he felt it fully awaken.

Even at the cost of his body.

Time passed, the vortices of flesh ripping scythes of cyclones surrounded him, just waiting, almost menacingly, for him to lose control and let Celestis fall into an uncontrollable rage that he feared would forever cast the shattered remnants of long dead traces of nature magic into the abyss and a swell of agonising fury rose within him like a kilometre high tsunami as he firmed his grip onto Celestis.

CALM!!!!!!!

His magic rose and rose, his magic surrounded him like the accretion disk of a black hole, the cyclones that had surrounded him were cast away as his magic grew in density, in range, in strength, and had he been able to see himself, he would have seen himself aglow in white light with streaks of violet and emerald in a way that made it seem as if he was intangible, as if he was lightning made alive, and Atticus raised his shaking his arms.

He felt her 'heartbeat' slow down but nevertheless continue on as he worked his magic with the delicateness of a heart surgeon wielding a scalpel.

Spells and words were not needed, could never be needed, would never work, for this was magic that came from the soul, that came from understanding, that came from intimate empathy where expressional and spiritual meanings could only work.

Atticus' unclenched his fists that were high up in the sky, loosening his grip that he had onto Celestis and he felt her heartbeat rise, he felt her breathing in, he felt the corpses of her 'spirits' wither away as new seedlings took their place.

Atticus' eyes gleamed as he turned his palms upward, a small wave of intent sent towards the skyscraper sized Mithril spheres that were in several locations and he felt them rise high up into the sky before they dove back towards the ground and into the ground, breaking apart into dozens, into hundreds of cords with the diameter of beach balls and he felt Celestis' metaphysical gasp as the planet was infused with unimaginable amounts of magical power.

He felt Celestis change even further, almost as if she was awakening with one eye open as her pulse changed to the same frequency, to the same rate as that of the pulse of the Mithril cords, the Mithril leylines and he felt Celestis' scarred and broken leylines shift towards the Mithril leylines and Atticus' breath hitched as he felt it finally happen, the moment, the very instance and it was beautiful.

Celestis was awake.

Her magic was awake.

Atticus almost lost control over his magic as waves upon waves of knowledge, Celestis' feelings sunk into him, knowledge of the violently shaking trees, knowledge of the loosened rocks in the rivers and the seas, knowledge of the crashing and foaming seas.

And…

He felt her gratitude, her almost cooing mutterings as she calmed down and let Atticus have full control over Celestis and he began to dial down the storm, his merge with Celestis, slowly but surely, and the howling storm and the whistling winds began to lessen in their deafening rage.

It felt like an age but soon enough, the storm ceased and a pattering of rainfall was all that remained of the terrible storm he'd conjured.

As Atticus gazed upon the ruined landscape, a landscape with untold uprooted trees, a feeling of regret filled him yet…that feeling of regret was muted down by the warm touch he felt from Celestis herself, a touch that gave him sights of restored nature, stronger than ever as she communicated to him that nature was change, chaos and that it was long due for much of her to change.

Atticus stumbled weakly as his foot gave way to the slipper half broken rock. A tired smile came across his face as he sent a wave of gratitude to Celestis, something that the planet seemed to rejoice at and Atticus began to laugh…uncontrollably.

He'd known that Celestis would become alive but he hadn't felt the almost conscious nature of Celestis as he had now. He'd felt her through his experiences but not her desires and man, wasn't that a mind twister to know that a planet could have desires.

Atticus closed his eyes and sent a feeling of unity to her and she sent the same feeling, albeit slightly different, back to him. It had traces of deeper meaning behind it, as if she meant unity beyond just him and her.

"Yes…" Atticus whispered as he turned his gaze towards the hazy sky that was fast clearing up. "There will be more, Celestis." He spoke aloud, not really to her and not really to himself. "Many, many more." Atticus said, his eyes alight with victory.

Yes…

There was far more to come.

That was a promise.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Jul 26, 2023
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 87 others
mosefboombox117
Jul 26, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 26 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Aug 6, 2023
Add bookmark
#371
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 26

24th​ of September, 1972 - Illos

Emily POV

As she woke, she felt his soft breathing, laying as she did on his bare chest. Her eyes flittered open, her sight blurred through a haze made out of strands of her black hair.

He was still asleep, deeply asleep, a rarity for the both of them.

It would not surprise her if he had, in the year he'd been away, only slept when his body made him sleep like it did her, months after uninterrupted awake-ness, likely even longer than their rituals allowed given the allowance that meditation gave him.

Her hand rose and her fingers traced along his bare chest, the thin black carpet at the centre of his chest was as smooth as silk strands, her mind mostly absent as she simply took pleasure of touching him and feeling him in contentedness. Her eyes closed as she continued to trace her fingers on his chest, slowly bringing him awake.

She rarely felt as grateful and relieved when she felt him through their bond. There had been a thick sliver of doubt but it disappeared and put to rest by the evening.

For there to have been such drastic change to how they'd progress with this war and their plans, especially as Atticus advocated for it the most, she had feared that something had happened to him. This was beyond unlikely timelines being pushed to the forefront, no, this was akin to what had been done to the Symbols and what the Monks had done for centuries as well.

And she knew Atticus' capabilities as much and as well as she knew her own. He could not have achieved what had happened, not now, perhaps not even if they lived for a century more. That meant there was an outside influence that had done this.

She'd even thought that maybe it had been a similar group as the Monks but had dismissed that when she'd ran through every single motivation she could think of…that Hypatia could think of.

So, no, and that had left that maybe that it was an other, the other.

The Shapeless Ones…the Precursors and it admittedly cast her into an awful pit of concern and fear that she was unused to. They'd already known that the Precursors were likely the ones that were able to affect the timeline from afar with their magic.

She'd feared that Atticus had been led to a trap and the messages from Atticus did little to reduce her fears until only recently when she felt their bond grow stronger, the last tendrils of doubt not leaving her when she felt him through their bond wholly.

It was him and he was nothing else but only her husband.

"Hmm…" Atticus groaned out slightly as he shook awake, bleary eyes showing themselves. A faint, barely conscious smile grew on his face as he raised his hands and stroked away errant locks from her face. "Morning"

"Morning."

The faint smile grew in strength as he stroked her cheek gently, his eyes taking in every detail of her as the last shackles of sleep snapped off.

"It's a shame we can't stay like this all morning."

"No." she said agreed. They had too much to talk about. Everything had still gone the same way as Atticus' visions had Seen but all that was now coming to an end.

As it was now, the magical world was holding its breath as the Chinese were subjugated, violently, and were closing in on putting the final nails onto the coffin that was the ICW as its influence and reach was confined to Alexandria whilst the rest of North Africa were being cowed into submission by the Ravenites.

And were it not for Dembe Habe, the ICW would have been done for already.

Many of the ICW Protectorates had already approached the Grand Alliance for protection similar to the kinds of treaties that they'd since with the likes of the Aryan League as a number of the bordering Protectorates were joining forces and resources.

Ironically, many of the now former ICW Protectorate Ministries were being led by former ICW officials, often towards the halls of the Grand Alliance, as the organisation continued to leak personnel after the close call that Alexandria suffered.

The ICW Unspeakables had already left mostly by that time and she doubted she'd have known where exactly they'd gone had it not been for the visions Atticus had given her. At least the ICW was wise enough to recognise that the invaluable artefacts and tomes it possessed – often pilfered from destroyed civilisations like the ones that once occupied central and south America – couldn't fall into the hands of the Ravenites. It was unfortunate they also took steps to ensure it wouldn't fall into Illos' hands either.

In any case, fortunately, the flight of many…noncritical staff and peoples was allowing the ICW to hold out in a smaller area, a heavily fortified area, even more so now that they'd managed to successfully press MACUSA to send volunteers by appealing to their better natures.

An appeal that was only accepted in the end by handing over critical ICW research and loaning researchers for the purpose of creating their own country-ship and Illos inspired magi-tech in the wake of the aftermath of the dangers of the mundane cold war since the ICW was substantially further ahead in the research and development than the Americans were.

The Americans would have eventually intervened fully causing the war to stretch out for years than months without the Americans. With the Americans, would come the Ottomans, who were not part of the Aryan League, and the Western Alliance who would decide being part of a coalition was the only way to survive long term.

Of course none of that mattered any more and more importantly, she needed to know what had actually happened to cause all of this change.

Atticus gently began to sit up and she followed suit until they were both sitting on the bed opposing one another. She met his gaze before he closed his eyes, his hand slowly moving towards his head until he placed a finger at the centre of his head.

The tip of his index finger began to glow with a ghostly white hue and Atticus pulled away from his forward with a glowing liquid-like globule. Transferring memories directly, mind to mind, was not a skill that was hard to learn, not after knowing the principles of how pensieves worked and creating the memory crystals that was just a step removed from what Atticus would do now.

He reopened his eyes and she turned her eyes to his. She felt a tender push against her mind and she creaked ajar the proverbial front door to her mind. 'We must communicate with our minds from now'

Her eyes narrowed slightly before she nodded.

Atticus paused in his movement with a slight hesitancy before he pushed his thoughts into her mind 'I will omit one memory from the conversation'

She narrowed her eyes 'Why?' she asked not so bitingly but not kind either.

Atticus sighed. 'It is one of only two secrets that I hold – one of which I will share with you today – and it means nothing to anyone but to myself. It is not about you, or my family or even the magical or the mundane world. It is simply inherent to me from before I even went to Hogwarts.' Atticus' voice in her mind was soft as his eyes searched her own.

'Can you trust me enough to keep it to myself?'

'If I ask, would you tell me?" she responded, searching his eyes now.

'I swear it on the love we hold for one another' Atticus intoned easily, never once breaking his gaze and she felt the sincerity and truth in their bond

A few moments passed before she slightly tightened and nodded.



Atticus smiled gratefully before he moved his index finger towards her head and placed his finger tip onto the front of her forehead, the globule sinking into her skin.

She let off a silent gasp as memories filled her mind.

She'd seen Celestis and the other planets and moons before, in his visions and in the memories of the Illosians that had returned permanently – which they shared to document for future generations – so she was not mesmerised by them.

What she was mesmerised by – and shocked by – was the surprise and shock she felt from Atticus when he'd been pulled against his will far into the future, a shock she similarly felt and deepened when she saw the sight of her husband only…older.

The thought gave her trouble and she watched as the eyes of her older-husband flickered towards Atticus. She reeled at the action but she had little time to process as she was pulled into their interactions, interactions that supposedly explained the how of this meeting. She watched as Atticus remained cold and distant towards his supposedly older-self.

The memory then skipped, the clear signs of something being omitted from his memories, something that Atticus didn't want her to know but she had no time to think on it as Atticus' supposed older-self explained on what had happened in that older-self's future. How Atticus had 'let go' of the reins of their world, how they both had let go and the subsequent return to isolationist mentality.

The muggle extinction at the hands of the Covenant and the release of the Xelanyn and the obscene ability the creatures had with Living Time.

She felt Atticus' disgust with his older-self and the self-guilt and subsequent fury that welled in him, a fury that she more than felt as well by the time the memory ended. She watched him get out from that meeting and felt the determination that had filled within. Memories now became faster and faster, Atticus bringing Celestis under their control, the Mithril Seeds, the H.F. and more.

She thought the memories came to an end but there was one set of memories…memories of Atticus and Alice working together on Post-Exodus plans.

And when that set of memories ended, she took a few moments to integrate the memories into her mind. She ran through them, though much quicker, one more time before she reopened her eyes and set them towards Atticus.

The last set of memories, were older. Decades older.

And not related at all to what happened on Celestis but now it made a lot of sense why they never quite touched on the matter of squibborns after they left Earth. She never truly considered it either given how busy they were with everything else. She had little reason to given that it was decades away and more important matters needed to be dealt with. She should have known that he'd leave no stone unintended.

'I wondered why you never seemed concerned with the inevitable new magicals of this world once we left.' She thought and sent to his mind with a neutral tone despite the disappointment she felt. She'd felt the guilt and shame that he'd felt for what he considered to be an act of evil, almost mass genocide, and she'd seen enough that he wanted to burden this horror alone with no one except him and Alice – who she was certain he would have had her memories erased once the deed was done – the wiser.

It was actually a pretty humane way of eliminating the danger of allowing the muggles access to individuals with the magical genes, active or otherwise.

Cataloguing the entire muggle world genetically speaking and then identifying which ones possessed the magical genes before sterilising them was a humane solution that admittedly she had not considered.

The squibborns in the muggle world would be at most in the twenty to forty million range by the time of Exodus, all scattered across the world with rarely more than a few millions in nations, and it was a mere drop compared to the muggles.

Their infertility would be of interest of course, especially in the more advanced muggle nations but they could potentially link the magical genes to infertility and that would be that. She thought it was a humane way to avoid complications.

But it seemed like that older version of Atticus had carried out with it and regretted it immensely. But then, that man had become weak with age and if they had lost so much of their civilisation, she could see her husband wracking himself apart with guilt for things that should not even be granted a second consideration.

Still, she was not happy he kept this from her. 'You kept this from me? After all of this time?' Emily asked him with hints of fury laden in her tone.

Atticus smiled a little tightly, weariness creeping into his eyes.

'I should have worked the problem out with you in the first place and not consider this.' Atticus admitted with a tilt of the head, a faint regretful smile on his face.

'It is an elegant solution that I hated and I did not want to stain your hands with the same kind of blackness that would have coated my soul' Atticus confessed to her.

'You know I would not have cared' Emily pointed out critically before she narrowed her eyes with hints of disappointment shining out 'This was for your own benefit.'

'You're right…you would not have cared. But it was not for my own benefit to keep this a secret' Atticus returned strongly as he sent a piercing gaze at her.

'This is a crime that is sacrilegious to everything I believe. A burden I believed only I should have carried and that I should not spread its weight across to another shoulder.' Atticus told her and she knew that he believed it wholeheartedly.

She bit her tongue to prevent herself from responding. Ever the noble King, she thought to herself irritated. She took a breath 'But you have changed your mind now.'

Atticus hesitated slightly before he inclined his head slightly. 'I have. In truth, I don't know any workable solution to the problem that I alone can reasonably come up that does justice to everyone. To us, to our people. To the left behind squibborns and their future offspring. You have seen the memories of what would have happened in that future." Atticus' expression contorted into a flash of rare frustration.

'Mistake after mistake was ma-'

'Stop' she sent forcefully through to his mind, cutting off his trail of thoughts.

For a moment she closed her eyes before she reopened them.

She'd seen the broken man – he was absolutely broken, she knew this from the depths of her heart – that he'd become and she couldn't fathom why her supposedly future-self had allowed for her husband to turn into that…defeatist remnant.

'You were not the only one to make mistakes apparently given that I let myself become complacent as well. If that apparition is even a future version of yourself.'

Atticus nodded slightly.

She felt his doubts about the apparition's words. Atticus didn't believe completely if that thing was truly him or not. They likely would never really know. For now, both of them would act as if it was real whilst being far more vigilant in future.

'Maybe.' Atticus agreed before he continued 'But doubtlessly, my stubbornness in certain ways has let us down a path of failure.'

'Like your decision to hide something of this magnitude from me.' She pointed out a little more acidly. Atticus grimaced slightly before inclining his head affirmatively.

She sighed before she raised her hand and stroked his cheek lovingly.

She knew him inside and out. He trusted her implicitly, she knew this, but there were parts of him that were noble in origin. A kind of nobility that in some instances irresistibly pulled him towards 'protection' towards those he cared for.

Whether it was physically or emotionally or otherwise, it mattered not. Even if it would damage his relationships with people. Even his relationship with her.

This was a part of him that would stand the test of time.

A flaw, she supposed that she'd learnt to accept.

Though…she couldn't help but wonder what this last secret truly was. He could have kept this solution to himself as well but decided not to. She could only think that it had to be worse than what he'd just shared with her, especially since she knew that his penchant of protecting her irrationally made him make choices that suited neither of them.

She shook her head slightly. She'd think about it later about whether or not she should press him to tell her this great secret of his.

'We can discuss this later…and the alternate solutions you're thinking of' Emily remarked, thinking back on the problem of squibborns. For him not to have Seen solutions that didn't work as perfectly as humane mass sterilisation did meant that either he'd not devoted much time in actually searching for an answer, which she doubted, or it meant that there was no real good solution in comparison to his original idea.

Which was going to be a major problem.

The mundanes could not be allowed to learn of magic or the genes that activated it.

Whilst the Ancient Humans couldn't integrate it into their genomes in their time despite their advanced technologies, it was unimaginably easier to specifically target sets of genes…including the magical genes.

Whilst they'd ensure there was no hints of the magical world remaining by the time they left, things did and would go wrong…

All of what she'd Seen from that potential future could attest to that.

She pushed away those thoughts.

It was a problem that could be addressed at a later date.

'The Xalanyn.' Atticus said with an incline of the head, accepting the deferment of that particular problem for now. Atticus' eyes hardened. 'I do not know where to start when it comes to ending their species before they can pose a problem.'

She nodded slightly before she brushed her hair behind her ears. There was little else but to eliminate the species outright given the sheer danger they represented.

A race that could blind every Seer to that degree and likely able to influence countless of other divination techniques was not a species that could be allowed to roam the universe. Especially given that they'd attacked unprovoked.

Given how much their supposedly alternate selves had allowed the magical civilisation to isolate themselves from the galaxy, it was entirely doubtful that there was justification for their attacks.

Nor could it even be an accident. Especially considering the Magical Territories would be tens of thousands of light years away from Sol Quadrant and supposedly extremely isolationist.

No…it was no mere accident that they were found and attacked.

'Still, the whereabouts of the species are not so important in the long term. Or who imprisoned given that it might not have been the Forerunners themselves. What is important is the societal regression that allowed us to be caught so off guard.'

'Yes' she agreed as a light frown came across her face. 'I can't say I'm surprised.' The tendency for isolation was almost genetic at this point. The magical world for centuries, perhaps even over a millennium, could have interlinked with the rest of the magical world much more than what it had been…prior to their influence.

There were many, many reasons for that but ultimately, it could be boiled down that self-sufficiency was utterly easy to accomplish with just a bit of magic along with the stigmatism and distrust that magicals had faced for millennia, along with an unhealthy amount of infighting amongst clans, made small communities become endemic across the magical world. Smaller communities that had need of nothing.

The Celestis system and the surrounding systems would have everything anyone could ever need and there was little benefit to interacting with the galaxy at large.

It also validated, in her opinion, of the necessity of retaining as much power as they could. Their plans with the Federation must have changed drastically for them not to have the political power to bend it to their will. Possibly by 'giving' magical societies too different from their own one too many voices that mattered far too much

Clearly, that was a mistake.

'Letting go' as that apparition called it might have involved in also ceding political power to the other societies whilst also drawing back their own influence from Celestis and Dexirus as a whole which were going to be their main strongholds.

'Neither am I…in hindsight. I expected more' Atticus said with a tightening of the jaws. She knew that he was highly disappointed about what he'd heard of their people in the face of granting away responsibility to the wider magical public.

Atticus released the tension and sighed, shaking his head in the process before meeting her gaze again 'With the changes that I want to make in the coming decades, we can work to reducing the number of independent peoples binding them much closer politically.'

She remained silent for a long few moments before she answered 'We will modify our old plans for a greater magical empire' she voiced out into his mind, more a statement than a question. Atticus nodded slightly, a harder look in his eyes.

Their plans consisted of holding Celestis and Dexirus along with the Dwarven and Goblin worlds as specific Empire worlds. The rest of the worlds in Celestis, and later beyond Celestis, would be members of the Federation with Aziza, Takamagahara and New America as almost equal senior members of the Federation.

It was their way of lessening the burden of ruling and rise of instability by granting worlds a voice to shape the path and direction of the magical world.

At least in appearance. Or so had been the plan.

Of course, the plan was always for Celestis to be the centre of the magical world. Most of the magical beings would be located on Celestis or Dexirus, by design, and it would also be the most techno-magically advanced world by unimaginable stretch.

It would be a hub of activity for the magical world and they'd built the tiers of Governance with that in mind. The Council of Representatives, the Council of Magical Lords, the Council of Magical Races and the High Council would form the most powerful institutions of any world within the magical civilisation and with it would ensure a level of attraction, either for power or progression, that would prove to be irresistible.

Economic migrants and ambitious powerful individuals would consistently move to Celestis ensuring population density would grow at a higher rate than the rest of the worlds in the system. Celestis, simply put, would be a jewel that would turn every magical into a caricature of a greedy goblin in their bid to have a piece of it.

But obviously, it seems like they had not skewed enough of the system.

Not after the way it seemed to collapse on them in the future. However willingly that collapse was didn't matter since it started at their hands.

'Yes. It will mean that we will have to work a lot harder in the coming decades in setting the groundwork for effectively vassalisation of more than a three quarters of the magical world.' Atticus stated to her before explaining what his ideas were and her mind was active throughout it all as she finessed some of his points and ideas.

Aggressive campaigns of dangling gold, resources and the promise and delivery of a country-ship would see them bind blocks of communities in a singular, more manageable nation entities whilst they fell into an arrangement of agreements with Illos in a vaguely similar way like the agreements that had bound tributary or satellite states to ancient Empires albeit with the subtle economic and cultural domination of the present United States.

The Grand Alliance would grow but in reality it would be consist of mostly politically aligned nations that were beholden specifically to Illos, a fact that would be carried over to the Federation once they were settled into the Celestis System.

Suggestions went back and forth, even if she knew that Atticus had already Seen what they would do. He accepted her decision of more aggressive absorption of magical communities, specifically vulnerable communities in the path of the Ravenites, so that they'd disappear into the greater and loyal population of Illos.

More mind-healers would be trained over the coming years with an accelerated training plan to 'reset' the indoctrinated scions of ancient families across Europe.

They'd also increase the rate of adoption of squibborn infants who were being born more and more as the mundanes became less primitive. An adoption rate increase by a factor of four would not impact their society greatly especially now that the first generation of Clan children were adults and having children of their own.

Atticus told her that these endeavours would likely increase Illos' population to finally breach the hundred thousand mark by the end of this decade and after Avalon was integrated into Illos in the eighties, they'd reach a hundred and fifty thousand making them second marginally only to MACUSA.

As their discussions wound down, she frowned as she eyed him critically 'Any problems?' she questioned knowing that it is never easy nor would it ever be easy.

Atticus' expression turned colder, harsher, as if his face was made out of granite.

'We'll have to far more active clandestinely. There are a number of interested parties that will survive thanks to our sooner than intended intervention'

Every action had an equal and opposite reaction. It was poetic the way this rule in classical physics fitted well in sociological behaviours. At least from a very top-view perspective. 'Like who' Emily asked and Atticus listed off a number of names.

Many of the names she was vaguely aware of, some European nobility and others Atticus had to tell her who they were. From American politicians and Unspeakables to Arabic nomadic tribal leaders to Ottoman nobility, these mages had differing reasons and motivations for becoming a problem.

'They are not a threat' Atticus remarked dismissively 'Not when we'll deal with them before they can grow into one. In most instances, rewriting their memories and subtly shifting away their mind set from action into inaction will be enough.'

And in other instances…

Emily tilted her head slightly, a faint smile on her face, one that Atticus matched albeit a little more strained. The Ravenites, the political games they'll have to play...

Shaping a new Exposure and Exodus in a significantly different post-war world…

For the past five or six years, they'd scaled back some of their active interference as they'd more or less automated the path to the timeline they'd selected. Everything and everyone had been accounted for, judiciously and absolutely.

A timeline that was nothing but mist in the wind now.

Of course, over time, they'd adjusted when and where they needed but it was clear to her, to both of them, that there couldn't be the same kind of reliance on Atticus' Sight and those like him as they'd mistakenly fallen into in this supposed future.

'We can no longer reasonably rely on Sight alone' Emily voiced out the elephant in the room. Atticus smiled grimly as he bowed his head slightly.

'I know. We'll have to rework the Office of Far-Sight.' Atticus stated before continuing with an inaudible sigh, complex emotions warring on his face and she tangentially realised there was a real crack of confidence Atticus held in his Sight.

Atticus drew her back in as he continued 'We'll have to work with Parelius and Hypatia to combine their Offices or at least share much more in terms of resources and intelligence than simply have both of them operate on their own.'

Yes…that was a good start, she thought to herself. It wasn't difficult to infer that the whole intelligence apparatus had failed in this alternate timeline because of the over-reliance on Sight and traversing Living Time.

'Why would they need intelligence when they could see the future?' was a thought that would need to be strangled in the crib and they were well-positioned to do so as Emily knew that many of the currently training Seers were shaken by the revelations that the future could change so easily so fast without them even knowing it.

Atticus eyed her closely 'I have changed Fortencho Hardy's mission scope with that in mind. He will now search a radius of ten thousand light years around Celestis and I have Seen that he will find Forerunner relics and several other civilisations and some of them are spacefaring'

Her eyes sharpened at that and Atticus understood what was behind them.

Atticus placed his finger once more on his forehead, his eyes closing and the tip of his finger glowing, and soon enough another globule of glowing mist surrounding his finger. Without gesture and only the slightest exertion of will, a glass vial materialised and Atticus placed the memories into the vial.

'They are not a threat, at least not yet nor have I seen us interacting with them' Atticus voiced out as the vial floated towards her. 'In that vial, there are multiple timelines worth of memories that gives us more or less the nature of the three main spacefaring civilisations. Two of them have had significant Forerunner influence having had access to abandoned relic Forerunner ships.'

'Dangerous.' She surmised as she grabbed the vial, her eyes lingering long on the vial before she returned her gaze to Atticus.

'An opportunity.' Atticus suggested with a gleam in his eyes.

'You want to use this as an opportunity to foster a culture of intelligence gathering.' Emily realised before also realising that it went deeper than that which Atticus picked up on.

'Yes and also to instil a sense of quiet vigilance in our people.'

'A quiet vigilance' she pondered before she shrewdly answered 'A quiet vigilance that would never set the hearts and minds at ease' Atticus smiled grimly.
'Whether or not there will be instances that we will war with these species, I do not know. One of them I can see that happening easily enough given how disturbingly similar they are to us in terms of violence and competition but ultimately it doesn't matter if we do and if we don't' Atticus stated with a stoic expression.

'Simply the threat of a hostile entity at our borders, however exaggerated, will ensure the same level of complacency that 'doomed' that timeline would never happen'. Emily calculatingly finished with an arctic coldness in her thoughts, her mind continuing on rampantly thinking over how it could cascade onwards.

Paranoia was a powerful tool and with Exposure and Exodus likely still fresh in the minds of the magical peoples even centuries afterwards thanks to their long lifespans that was likely set to increase substantially in the century to come, the idea of 'never again' would be something that would be hard-wired into their people making sure that the long peace wouldn't dull their sensibilities in the face of this new threat.

'Not with us making sure it will not' Atticus agreed before continuing with a lopsided smile 'We'll have nothing but only a little moment of peace'. Even as he said that, she could see the hardness in his eyes. The tale of his alternate Older-Self, regardless of how real it was, was enough to forsake his hopeful dreams of a magical world that didn't need significant input from them in the centuries to come.

She placed her hand on his cheek, her eyes searching his own 'Better this than that future' she said quietly but firmly 'I know you had your heart set on quietly fading away into the background but you know now that isn't an option for us. Not if we want what we have built and will build to last until the death of the universe'

'Not now or ever' Atticus agreed with a sigh before he snorted and eyed her intently.

'I'm surprised that you haven't pushed for us to simply do away with the Federation.' Emily hummed as removed her hand from his cheek though Atticus took hold of it before she could place it in her lap.

'Would you agree to it if I suggested it?' Emily posed instead of answering.

Atticus squeezed her hand for a moment, a moment that stretched in the wake of his silent musings. She watched him closely. His expression hadn't changed all that much, only showing a kind of determination that surprised her.

'There are merits to it.' Atticus conceded and she showed her surprise at his words. Atticus smiled faintly as he continued 'It would be a bloody affair, one that would see us spending many decades into stabilising the magical world, but ultimately, it could work with enough time and will'

She eyed him calculatingly for a long few seconds. 'You're not just saying that.'

'I'm not.' Atticus admitted 'More than anything, I have Seen the potential of what my stubbornness can cause for our people.' Atticus met her gaze.

'And the loss of all of the efforts we have expended into building the future of our people.' Atticus circled his thumb over the back of her hand 'My way should not be the only way.' Atticus stated as his head bowed slightly 'I have forgotten that.'

His faith in his Sight was truly shaken with the events that had transpired.

Or perhaps it was better to say that his faith in directing them towards the best possible future was shaken. In a way, it was almost akin to a priest coming to terms with the fact that the God that he'd dedicated his entire life to didn't exist. That there was no God that cared or loved for him.

She didn't like this kind of doubt plaguing him.

Emily shook her head. 'Have you ever forced me into agreeing with you?' she asked rhetorically. Atticus looked at her curiously whilst he sent a feeling of 'no' through their bond 'Then your way has never been only yours. It has been mine and mine has been yours.' Emily voiced out as she placed her hand on top of his causing him to stop his ministrations.

'What we will do now is the next best thing to an empire and that will be enough for now. We can always change our decision of going with the Federation at a later date.' They at least had a number of centuries, perhaps close to a millennium before action could be taken to take greater power in the magical civilisation.

Emily eyed him meaningfully 'I agree that this is a major setback, this lack of certainty your Sight brings us but ultimately our strength has never come from simply your sight. Our strength has been our magic. Our insurmountable will, our genius and the people we have trusted to support us. And most importantly each other.' Fate might have brought them together at the beginning but now…

Now, they bent Fate in whichever way they desired.

Neither these Xalanyn or the Shapeless Ones would stand in their way. Even in their most hopeless circumstances, versions of themselves had come back into the past to see them rise against insurmountable odds.

Their enemies might be able to bend Time to their will but she and Atticus could bend the very strings of Fate itself to their will.

Atticus' face twisted into a fond expression as he untangled their hands and stroked her cheek. 'I agree.' He communicated with his mind after a long minute. The words were said with utmost affection and she couldn't help but smile back, even as an odd thought entered her mind, a thought on what it meant to be husband and wife.

The strange thought or the pleasant feeling neither lasted as her feelings and thoughts turned and her expression grew cold. 'But first we must deal with the Ravenites.'

And the beasts that allied with them.

The Vampires had fallen in line with the Ravenites and had plagued much of France and the Netherlands for months. The Western Alliance had done admirably in defending their lands but the host of Vampires were too large for them to deal with adequately, especially given that the Vampires were breeding disposable beasts to overwhelm the Western Alliance.

She'd sent the Illosian Guards along with a contingent of Aurors from Avalon to assist the French and the Dutch, as planned, and at this moment in time, they were out of the Western Alliance though it wouldn't be for long.

Fortunately, now with the changes that were set to happen in the war, they'd be killed off sooner than planned and she couldn't wait to rid the beasts into extinction.

Atticus sobered up, his eyes hard as diamond. 'Yes…it is time we deal with the inconvenience.' He waved his hand and conjured a pair of Losi around himself and her before he got off the bed, his hand extended out to her – which she took, and she met his gaze. A gaze that held eyes with glimmers of excitement that none could fail to see. The kind of excitement that he always had when he invented new things.

'I have a few ideas that you're going to absolutely love' Atticus stated with a slow curl of his lips and she narrowed her eyes at it. Atticus only gave her a sharper amused smile. 'It won't be a factor in how quickly we deal with them…and it will give us the opportunity to play around with some truly fascinating magic'

She arched an eyebrow in questioned and Atticus' grin widened as his eyes turned white, the same white as that of his Thestral animagus. She understood then what he meant, her lips curled upwards as her eyes gleamed with interest.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

6th​ of October, 1972 – Azkaban Prison

The cold felt like wet ash with the way it clung onto him.

The very walls and the floor and the ceiling, the very rock that the black-stoned prison was built out of, seemed to exude such coldness in a way that rivalled the arctic breezes that escaped from the cold embrace of the poles of the planet.

Atticus' boots clunk onto the floor with a metronomic quality as he eyed the prison with unhidden disdain though with a glimmer of morbid appreciation as he flared his magic slightly, the coldness that hid within its centre a haunting dread that seemed as if it was just around the corner, waiting and hunting for the opportunity to stick onto you like steaming hot tar, forced away from him.

Ezkridis understood magic like very few would ever understand, he mused to himself as he walked the cold dark halls of the abandoned prison with only one other with him trailing at his back.

He glanced over his shoulder, his gaze latched onto the man.

"I see that little has changed over the past five years."

"Yes, your Grace." Rockwood answered as the man increased his pace and locked step with Atticus, his eyes curious as he held the amulet that protected the man from the negative effects of the Dementors and the prison itself.

Rockwood had aged more than the rest of his year group, looking like he was in his forties than the mid-thirties most of their generation looked like. The man's experiments with Time Magic had taken its fair toll on him.

And, according to what he'd Seen, he hadn't had enough just yet.

Given that he'd eventually discover a way to increase Time-Turner's range to forty-nine days into the past, Atticus supposed it was a worthy legacy to leave behind even if you had to sacrifice a good couple of decades of your lifespan to achieve it.

"As you know, the Unspeakables archive holds very little on what Ezkridis had done to create this prison." Rockwood explained and Atticus waved his hand lazily in affirmation. The principle Ezkridis had used to create the prison stones was of course simple…the difficulty was mostly deciphering how he'd applied the principle.

The principle was no different than what was used today or centuries before. He'd felt the principle all of his life in Sayre Manor and he'd seen a different way of doing it in the form of the rubble stones they'd came across in the ancient Indian ruins decades ago.

"But it is thought that the Dementors are directly tied to the prison itself which many have taken to mean that as long as the Dementors exist, so will the prison in its state."

"A feedback loop, so to speak." Atticus commented and Rockwood nodded keenly.

The idea was one he'd come across a number of times in his readings on the Dementors and the prison itself. Unfortunately, it was very wrong. He never saw any of the familiar tendrils that connected individuals, or rather in this instance beings, to a particular place. No, the prison was something entirely different.

"And what do you think?" Atticus asked of Rockwood. The man had risen quite highly over the decades. Especially once Magical Britain was turned into Avalon. He was now only second to Sidwell as the highest ranking Unspeakable.

Rockwood pondered this as they ventured deeper and deeper to the bowels of the prison. "I think that it is unquestionable that he'd used some sort of sacrifice to generate this…effect" Rockwood said delicately as he glanced at Atticus for a moment before continuing "Unfortunately, I think it'll likely be impossible to truly know what ritual he'd conducted to create" Rockwood waved around towards the walls "all of this." Rockwood grimaced "Probably for the best anyway"

"Very un-Unspeakable thing to admit." Atticus said with a questioning tone.

Rockwood shrugged lightly. "I think studying the mysteries of magic is a noble endeavour, regardless if they are considered dark or light, evil or good." Rockwood took especial care to look intently at the door they were fast approaching.

"But I will make exceptions for this place and those that dwell in it. There are some abominations that should be lost to time." Rockwood finished darkly.

Atticus said nothing to that. It was a belief that many held in agreement, including nearly every single 'dark' families. He most definitely agreed with the assertion…as did Emily. For centuries, countless wizards and witches have tried to destroy the prison and those who guarded it.

And for centuries, they have failed.

Rockwood stepped ahead of Atticus as they closed down towards the heavy set doors. They were at the lowest point in the fortress, the lowest dungeon that was also below sea-level. Rockwood fished out a set of ornate keys, keys crafted by Ezkridis himself, and put one of them into the slot before turning it and stepping back.

He'd never actually been this far down in Azkaban, not after he and Emily had finished what they'd set out to do in 1967, when they'd shut down Azkaban and instead turned it into a prison for the Dementors, so this was a first for him. Emily was busy meeting with the Avalonian Council about the state of war that would soon exist between them and the Ravenites so he came here alone today for this…test.

"Your Grace, the stench is pretty bad." Rockwood warned as Rockwood hastily cast a bubblehead over his head. Dementors didn't actually smell of anything.

They were odourless entities but the dungeon itself…well, the smell of whatever atrocities happened in this dungeon had lingered on much like the cold and the dread clung onto the walls of the prison.

A hiss escaped from the edges of the door as the door clicked and clacked open as the locking mechanisms unravelled and the waft of stale, acrid stench was stomach turning. Atticus face twisted, irritated as he was at the smell, and it was some effort to prevent himself from…reacting from the stench especially given his abnormally powerful sense of smell. With an exertion of will, he dulled his sense of smell as much as he could and it proved to be enough to make it tolerable.

Rockwood looked at him surprised and was startled when Atticus began to walk towards the nearly fully open door and hastily followed suit.

A ball of light flashed into existence right in front of him, level with his heart, and it chased away the pit of blackness that this dungeon was within though that was not what was taking his attentions, nor was it the frantic pulls of chains that seemed to be as loud as an air raid siren as chains whined and thrashed, no, it was the extended skeleton hands that seemed to claw at the very air as they tried to reach them.

"Merlin" Rockwood choked out in a muttering tone before he recomposed himself, clutching tightly onto the amulet as waves upon waves of despairing, joy-sucking dread pressured against them from all directions.

The Dementors were arrayed in a series of rows that seemed to stretch on infinitely, their haunting breathing that entwined with a chilling rasping, grating screech was an awful melody that danced with the sounds of whining and thrashing chains.

Atticus' eyes hardened to violet gems as he slowly extended out his arms, his magic rising with the power of floodwater and he latched onto a specific exertion of magic as he bellowed 'SSSSSSSILLLLLLLLLEEEENNNNNNNNCEEEEEEEE' with a furious and menacing howl that almost shook the very foundations of the dungeon.

A detonation of magic rippled out of him, blinding light that spread out from him like a never ending mist descending down the slope of a dewy hill though it was not the light, nor the immense power that ripped out of them that caused the dementors to screech out in pain and horror, no, it was the very nature of the magic itself as the mist formed into a horde of gigantic glowing white Basilisks that wrapped themselves around nearly every single dementor, their cries of pain and horror turning into screeches of what seemed to be the very embodiment of agony itself.

Atticus began to walk forward, his eyes aglow, magic crackling around him as reality bent around him, the pressures of his magic seeming to weight down on the world itself, and the Dementors began to lean away from him even as they stood wrapped bounded by his Patronuses.

He gave them a visceral look of hatred as his gaze swept from side to side.

He truly hated these…things. They were creatures worse than anything on this world and only the Flood themselves could rival the abominable creatures.

It took great effort to imprison every single one of the creatures, both he and Emily had practically herded the creatures into a tight space before their people remotely placed specifically designed chains on the creatures, chains that prevented them from hovering or floating away, forcing them to be little better than rocks at the bottom of the ocean.

The ones at the front must have sensed his hatred that he intentionally let seep into his magic as they begun to quiet down despite the pain they were being subjected to.

Atticus set his gaze towards the nearest dementor, his gaze fixed onto the faceless abyss that seemed impossibly black despite the radiating light of the Basilisk Patronus. Atticus gaze dropped to the creature's stomach, the roiling essences, essences that contain at the very least life and soul and possibly even consciousness, of all kinds of hues swirling in the belly of the foul beast and it turned his stomach much like it did the first time he'd set his eyes on the foul creatures.

His hatred deepened and he raised his left hand, the creature recoiled at the action but it would be to no avail, and a ring of blue orange magic formed out of his palm before racing forward and hovering about the dementor.

The diameter of the ring grew and grew until it was large enough to encircle the Dementor and he tightened the ring around the foul beast, his satisfaction rising at the panic he caused in the dementor and the others near it, and with a jerk of the other hand, he unclasped the chains that bolted the creature to the base of the dungeon.

With a flick of his finger, he pulled the Dementor forward towards him and then past them towards the doors and Atticus simply swivelled around towards the door. "We're done here, Augustus." Atticus remarked as he continued on but not without leaving a little device within the dungeon that would monitor their reactions.

Rockwood followed quickly though not without curiously glancing at the still active Patronuses. "Are you not going to cancel your Patronuses?" he asked as they stepped out of the dungeon and into the hallway. Rockwood quickly closed the door and locked the door afterwards.

"No." Atticus answered firmly, his gaze still set on the bound dementor.

"I've charged each Patronus to last a day."

"But that's…" Rockwood fumbled with his words for a moment and Atticus finally turned to glanced over to him, curious as why he stopped. It was then that Atticus realised that he was calculating how much magic he'd exerted in the effort and it was a mere moment afterwards that Rockwood came to an answer given his startled expression before a wry, dry smile came across his face, a smile that Atticus understood well and clear. It was only that meant 'It's not really fair, is it?'

Atticus turned away from Rockwood's gaze and back towards the dementor. No…he mused, it wasn't fair but then, nothing truly was, he thought as he turned his gaze towards the belly of the dementor.

They returned back towards the top of floors of the prison, towards the open courtyard where a few people, mostly Aurors and a couple of Illosian Guards were waiting. With a wave of the hand, Atticus dispersed the ring that had held the Dementor, content with the chains that bound it in place in the middle of the ritual circle.

"Move and I will torture you for weeks." Atticus stated simply with a menace in his voice. The dementor seemed to understand as it jerked his head slightly, the haunting breathing dulling to nearly nothing.

A noise around him made him veer his gaze towards the ensemble of people who were staring at him a little strangely before they realised they were staring and quickly turned their gaze away from him.

He was a little confused as he frowned towards Rockwood who looked a little amused, as if knowing what the great secret was. Atticus changed his expression into an expectant look and Rockwood quickly lost his amusement and answered.

"The Aurors here today have all served Azkaban duty at one point or another and they've never seen a dementor quiver in fear of…well, anything."

"The dementor wasn't quivering in fear." Atticus dismissively.

"They only know pain and hunger." And the creatures did everything they could to avoid the former whilst doing everything they could to sate the latter.

"It doesn't look like it." Rockwood responded and Atticus flashed him an annoyed look which the man raised his hand in surrender. "Your Grace." Rockwood added quickly.

Atticus almost rolled his eyes before turning towards the ritual circle.

"Make sure no one comes within twenty metres when the ritual is active." Atticus warned as he momentarily glanced at Rockwood. He couldn't guarantee that others wouldn't be caught in the ritual otherwise.

"Yes your Grace." Rockwood said with a bow before turning towards the others.

His eyes moved downward towards the belly of the dementor, his eyes turning aglow as he deepened and honed into his innate connection to his Threstral animagus.

Behind a haze of grey black smudge at the centre of the Dementor, he could see the Essences of hundreds of mages. Hundreds of dead wizards and witches made to languish for all of this time as Dementors fed from their connection to the Consciousness that permeated the universe.

It wasn't just them either, no, beyond the hundreds of mages, there was also thousands of muggles, fainter, dimmer, but nonetheless there, suffering just as much as the mages were.

A deep well of pity formed within him.

No one deserved such a fate.

They were in literally in living hell. He'd known and developed several different ways to destroy the foul creatures but he was not sure at all if he'd also destroy them in the process or if they'd be released into the universal Consciousness.

He knew at the very least that the Essences were little bundles of life and soul but he didn't know if consciousness remained intact during the Dementor's Kiss.

It had made him hesitate as he couldn't bring himself to inadvertently destroy their souls. Even if did not he know if the Essences had even the slightly semblance of sentience or if they were rendered as nothing but traumatised spectres of souls that lost all humanity and sanity and awareness.

Atticus sighed at the utter callousness of those who came up with the bright idea of using the Dementors in any capacity…not that he truly thought they even understood what they were doing. It was an inhumane punishment few truly had understanding of what they were confining people to, even if they were the worst of the worst.

He would not even sentence Grindelwald to such an existence.

But…if this didn't work then he would have to sentence these poor souls to non-existence, a fate they never deserved and a fate they'd share with Grindelwald.

"Ezkridis was a mad genius." Atticus said quietly with an odd sort of respect as he turned his gaze to the abyssal blackness covered by the ghostly hood.

Madness often could create the most astounding insights humanity could make. Genius, non-linear thinking, obsession and an imagination that could scale from delusional to hyper intuitive, made a potent mixture…that was certain.

Atticus raised his hand slowly, the sounds of clinking chains that imprisoned the Dementor echoed in the dark courtyard as he tightened the chains, bringing the dementor closer to the ground, and blue-orange hued runes began to eke out of the centre of his palm and slowly they moved around in a circle around the dementor.

More and more runes formed out of his palm, many more runes than it usually took him to alter reality to his desires. Some of the runes, the runes that were hovering in front of him, would act as an 'anchoring' feature in concert with the ritual circle that was almost perfectly an opposite to the runes that now circled the dementor.

With the change to their plans now, he'd spend a lot of time refining his plans in dealing with the Ravenites. Many of the Ravenites were utterly indoctrinated and this was a number that reached well into the thousands.

The few options they had available were neither satisfactory nor would some of the few other options be comprehensive enough. A significant portion of the indoctrinated had been altered through years of mental manipulation and at this point, it was embedded deep into their minds and psyche.

Death or life imprisonment were the only real options and he'd favoured the former simply out of practical reasoning. That was until this idea had come to him.

Rather, it had come to him at a point in the future months after he'd arrived back on Earth, the likeliest timeline which he'd erased from this universe's path as he'd pulled the idea forward into his current present.

He'd figured out a way to use the abilities of the Dementor as his own, to take out the Essences and contain them outside of the body, outside of the vessel, and into a pocket of the Astral Plane, the dimension that Walter Bishop had discovered.

The Astral Plane was a semi-physical, semi-Consciousness reality, an in-between of sorts, that was layered onto the physical world, and it was the same kind of odd nature that allowed ghosts to manifest themselves into the physical world.

Ghosts were manifestations of extreme will to persevere and to survive beyond the death of their bodies, their Essences that remained were as real as the Essences of living beings…just without all of their constituents remaining on the earthly plane.

What they were doing however, with this pocket within Astral Plane, made after a long week worth of effort between him and Emily, would instead provide an almost pseudo afterlife until they could be released…or perhaps given new life.

A brand new start.

He'd Seen the success, finally, of clones made from the extracted DNA from the criminals during the purging era of the criminal world. Success that would see magical clones that could finally be able to utilise neurophysical energy…magic, unlike the failure upon failure he'd encountered with the previous iterations.

Iterations that missed the critical combination of the mind – consciousness, body – life, and the soul – spirituality, but the combination of the body with these Essences, cleaned of memory and experiences within the Astral Plane, would finally provide success without the need of a mother's life fuelling the growth of a new life and connection to magic…and a brand new start for many souls.

He felt her through the bond moments before she arrived. He took a glance at her and saw her standing there with a few of the other Illosian Guards and she gave an affectionate feeling through their bond, one that was tinged with excited anticipation even as her expression was blank.

It wasn't surprising after all as this alone would see them on the same levels as the greatest of necromancers in recorded history. Atticus turned back towards the dementor, his white glowing eyes latching to the abyssal hood.

Atticus raised both of his hands, both glowing a dull off-white hue and moments later all of the runes that surrounded the dementor flickered and twisted from the blue orange glow into the same off-white hue and the runic ritual circle did the same half a second later.

The dementor must have realised something was off as it began to screech inhumanly and trashed against the chains but it would do it no good.

The world around Atticus turned into a uniform grey as the connection to his Thestral form deepened, and the distinctive hue of the Essences provided the only colour in his gaze.

The screech of the dementor rose even further in pitch, its shrieks and its thrashing were desperate now as Atticus saw the very form of the dementor begin to vibrate, trembling but it would only get worse as the magic of the ritual grew in strength and virility, the taste of magic in the air tangible, and it wasn't long before the form of the dementor was akin to the surface of water subjected to the frequency of sound waves emitted from music speakers playing a bass heavy song.

Atticus could feel the very strings of magic at play, the magic that was tearing apart the dementor down to its very core constituents, unravelling all that Ezkridis had poured into its creation, and Atticus flashed a hungry smile as he slowly brought his hands together until they were only a few inches apart, the glowing magic that his hands emitted tied to the anchoring runes that still floated in the air touching and rising in crescendo until…

He brought his hands together, the sound of the clap was deafening and even more remarkable was the effect the act had to the seas of complex strands of magic, strands of magic that were of all kinds of differing frequencies though at their core heavily tied with the frequency in which soul magic operated, an effect that pulled at the very seams of the dementor and within half a second, the dementor was unravelled and the black smudge that caged the Essences was torn asunder and Atticus acted quickly as his hands parted and he gestured with his hands.

Gestures that created a hole in the fabric of the physical reality, a hole into a white golden plane that he was certain everyone was able to see, and with blinding speed, he pushed the Essences within less than a second into the Astral Plane before closing it.

The runes that circled around the once-been dementor began to die out just as the runes in the runic ritual circle began to die out and the thick magic that permeated around him began to fade away though it left still a lingering effect that he didn't think would fade away for at least a few days.

He felt her approach and he breathed out, his magic once more closely bound within him as he lessened the connection to his Thestral form. It wasn't needed, not specifically, in order to accomplish what he'd accomplished but it did help.

He turned around and he could see the absolute fascination in her eyes as her gaze trailed in the spot of where the dementor had once been, a spot that left no trace or indication that there once had been a foul creature, before she turned them to him.

Now that she'd seen the magic that was in play, she would be able to replicate it just fine without him which was excellent. There were nuances at play, even with a fully defined ritual circle. Soul magic was not simple nor straightforward and it required a state of mind and control of magic that few could accomplish.

"There will be rumours about this." She said knowing that the Aurors wouldn't keep quiet about this accomplishment. Atticus nodded, a faint teasing smile on his face.

"It's the good kind of rumours." Atticus stated and Emily scoffed as she raised eyebrow knowingly. They both knew that it would bolster his reputation even if it was made known that they'd both worked on it.

Atticus raised his arm and tapped his armband causing a holo to appear. He noticed that none of the dementors had reacted in any way and he wound back the recording.

"They don't have a connection, do they?" Emily commented as she arrived next to him. Atticus glanced at her as he angled the holo slightly towards her.

After a few moments, back towards the beginning of the ritual, he got his definitive answer. He was more careful now when it came to relying on his Sight.

"They don't." Atticus confirmed as he met her gaze, a cold uptick of the corners of his mouth showing. "We can pick them off one by one."

Emily smiled at him and said with a mocking smile "It seems like today is just full of good news. The Council of Avalon has agreed to my proposal for the ultimatum." The ultimatum would be simple. 'Pull out of the conquered territories or face the consequences'.

Everyone knew it would never happen, not willingly, so it was their complete endorsement for war against the Ravenites. Not surprising given that many in Avalon feel nauseated by the horrific crimes by the Ravenites.

Emily's hand clenched, an aura of black blue magic flashed for the briefest moment whilst she gave him a playful smirk even as her eyes gleamed with a kind of excited malice. "Want to make a bet on who will catch the most?"

Atticus lips twitched, his eyes narrowing and Emily had her answer to her question.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 82 others
mosefboombox117
Aug 6, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 27 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Aug 24, 2023
Add bookmark
#375
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 27

14th​ of October, 1972 – Aryx Military Base, Illos

Bellatrix Black POV

The Queen stepped forward on the podium, her expression grave and stony, akin to a timeless face captured and carved out of marble block, her silver black armour glistening in the light of the sun, and Bellatrix stood a little taller as she set her gaze on her Queen, maddening excitement and determination burbling within.

Her gaze splintered off for a moment towards her left, and then her right, countless rows upon rows of armoured wizards and witches silently standing by for their Queen to speak. There must be at least three thousand mages here in the 2nd​ and 5th​ regiments, many of whom were active Illosian Guards like herself and her platoon.

She turned her gaze back to the Queen.

Today was the day, finally, that they went to war.

The Ravenites didn't respond to Illos' ultimatum and instead gave their response by attacking the Croats and the Dutch Ministry with Vampires at their back. The attack against the Croats was swiftly put to stop by an Illosian-Azizan coalition led by Habe whilst the attack against the Dutch was halted by a combination of efforts by the Western Alliance and by the two thousand strong Avalonian forces under the command of Manfred Bulstrode.

Bella's eyes gleamed in excitement.

The drums of war beat its irreverent song in her mind, liquefied fire coursed through her veins as the prospect of fighting with next to no restraint drew nearer.

She yearned for the fight, the thrill of casting down mage after mage with her spells and her power and even more so, she yearned to prove herself not only to her fellows and to her family that she was one of the greatest fighters alive but also to the Queen herself, she thought to herself as she watched the Queen make to move to speak with reverent and devoted eyes.

She wanted to prove that there could be no one better guarding her back, that Bellatrix Black was worthy to be given the prestigious duty to guard her back.

There would be no one better, no one willing to go further than herself, and she would prove it in the war by going further than anyone else ever would for the Queen. Now more than ever.

She'd always revered the Queen, the Lady of House Slytherin, a woman who stood taller than everyone with only one mage, her husband, even close to equalling her greatness. A woman she grew up hearing about, who won allegiance before it was known who she truly was, power and right of blood made manifest.

The Queen was all that Bellatrix had aspired to, had aspired to be.

Yet, that reverence had been childish, brought on by her desire to be more than what her parents had wished of her, would have demanded of her had things difference.

Now…

Now, that reverence was a thousand times greater than the devotion the Priests of Magic had for magic itself. The Queen was her Lady Magic, her god and she owed the Queen such worship and a thousand things more.

How could she not?

The Queen had noticed her condition after the competition at Hogwarts and told her that she'd instructed the academy healer to 'test' for the rare illness, bipolar disorder, and it wasn't long after she'd been given the elixir paid for by the Queen herself.

The Queen had given Bella her mind back, a mind that she only noticed had been slipping since her third maturity the moment she got it back soon after she'd drank the healing elixir. The memory sent shivers down her spine.

Her emotions had always been…strong, it was what had made her such a fierce fighter that could best anyone she fought, even if they were more skilled and stronger in magic. Her emotions fuelled her magic but it had also made her…unstable.

Like a double headed axe balanced on the edge of its hilt, she was prone to the faintest stimulus or thought once provoked, and would come down with whiplash speed against anyone or anything with little inhibition stopping her.

Not even family would have eventually been safe from her from what she heard from the healer who told her of the high chances of the illness worsening with age.

Nearly all of her family thought little of her condition over the last few years, merely considering it a side effect of the Black family magic, never even realising that she was slowly descending into insanity.

Only her sisters and her mother looked relieved and not surprised like the others when she told them of the illness that threatened to eat her inside her out.

And now…she thought as a wild and instinctive swell of magic surged within her, a swell of magic that she controlled with iron hard control in a way she hadn't been able to before, she knew was reaching feats of magic in a mere year instead of the years or decades it might have taken her.

She'd poured her sweat, blood and more blood into the academy program and every spare hour she had was spent in the training rings, where the Illosian Guards duelled against one another, or in the academy library that put the Hogwarts Library, and when it came to obscure battle magic even the Black Library, to shame.

And, she thought to herself with a delighted gleam, with the pristine control of her emotions, and of her magic, she graduated early and was rated amongst the very best of the newest Illosian Guards graduates.

So yes, she owed the Queen, her once idol and now her saviour, more than she could ever repay but she would do all she could to repay it anyway.

"Men and women of Illos" the Queen began, her voice carrying into the air like a reed through a summer breeze. Most of the mages present were Illosian Guards but there were a sizeable bunch that volunteered for the war and were accepted as auxiliary troops. There would have been thousands more had it not been for the entrance standards that disqualified direct participation in the war.

Truly, Bellatrix thought to herself as her head tilted so that she could peer around, Illos would be able to fight this war on its own if it really needed to. There were just that many mages willing to fight for their King and Queen.

"Today should have been another Saturday." The Queen continued, her dark eyes trailing from side to side, her regal gaze bearing down onto them.

"A Saturday spent as a Saturday should…with family or with friends or with colleagues. Yet that is not where we are nor will it be the only Saturday where we will be away from our loved ones and our homeland." The Queen said, her voice picking up speed.

"Many have asked 'Why is this our responsibility?' 'The Ravenites are not a threat to Illos or Avalon or the Grand Alliance, why are we getting involved'" the Queen continued, her powerful voice lullabying them into deathly stillness.

It was a minority voice, those who protested the King and Queen's ultimatum but it was a vocal voice, Bella thought to herself disdainfully.

Most of it came from Avalon but there were some in Illos that didn't like the prospect of a war that in their minds was unneeded compared to the existential threat the ICW had once posed almost two decades ago.

In Avalon, it was those who hated the King and Queen rather than anything else for the crimes of the Ravenites was well known, well documented and universally reviled. Ironically, it split the Secessionists in half as many of them knew or were married to the squibborn and half-blood refugees from the continent.

"Because it is within our blood." The Queen said firmly, her eyes sweeping across the rows of mages. "Each and every one of us, have Illos within our blood, new and old, we have fed from its fruits and its air, we have slept within its halls and we have enriched ourselves with the knowledge gathered within."

"And, beyond all of that, beyond the nourishment that this land has given us, it is the principles and ideals that have nourished our very souls and our hearts the most."

"Principles of meritocracy, of equality and constant growth to become the greatest version of yourself. The acceptance and embrace of the ideal that we all work together for the common good and care for our brethren in magic." The Queen said with rapturous eyes, her arms aloft as she spread them as if to wait for them to embrace her.

"And how we have grown under the blessings of Lady Magic."

"We are a people, a pool of outcasts that have grown into an ocean of unlimited horizons, with unlimited potential to reach the pinnacles of magic and science. Our stories, our destinies are forever entwined and locked in step to the halls of greatness" The Queen stated, her words seeping into every single person's skin.

"But." The Queen began, her hand raising into the air once more "We will not walk it alone, no…my people, my fellow Illosians. No, our destiny is greater than that, it is more responsible than that."

The Queen's eyes roved around the room. "With greatness, comes great responsibility, my fellow Illosians. My husband, your King, knew this before he was even of age after a terrible tragedy that nearly destroyed his family."

Bella knew this to mean the famous call to duty Wizengamot speech that forever changed Magical Britain – and the magical world itself. Many historians pointed that out that moment, that session, to be the moment that everything changed irrevocably.

"As Illosians we have that great responsibility thrust upon us. We are a people who bear a kind of strength and fortitude, not only of magic but also of mind and soul, that has not been seen since the days of Atlantis itself. And because of that, my fellow Illosians, we will once more answer the call to duty." Queen stated, her dark eyes radiating power as the air around her began to shimmer and warp as she raised her hand, her index finger pointed towards the skies.

"We are Lady Magic's chosen, her favoured children and we must answer her ringing call of duty as her gift and her children are warped and destroyed beyond recognition. A call to duty to once again stop those who abuse their gifts and those of others and spit in Her face for the powers they were granted." The Queen said powerfully, passionately, the Queen's magic thickening the air around them with each spoken word.

The Queen's words were hammered into Bella's mind, each word she spoke rousing another stream of licking wildfire that combined to threaten to subsume her into a feral fury and she wasn't the only one as she picked up on the emotions of those who surrounded her, emotions that felt like they would drown her as she was hit by waves after waves made of righteous anger, disappointment and surging determination.

It was only their training that prevented them from roaring out their fervent agreement and she dialled down her proverbial receptacles, her mind reducing the noise of those around her but she kept it still open, the door slightly ajar, the emotions of her comrades feeding the excitement and battle lust that was stirring within.

One of the realisations after she'd gotten control over her emotions and magic was that she was a natural born empath, a variant of a natural legilimencer which was a Black trait second only metamorphmagus and a trait that hadn't been seen in over three centuries in the Black family.

"We face an enemy that is new yet it is all the same the old enemy. An enemy that mages have never defeated fully despite new dawns of millennia and centuries. An enemy who preyed on the same fault lines his predecessors did." The Queen continued, her disappointment and anger clear to see in her face despite her unwaveringly calm voice that seemed like it could reach the very ends of the world.

The Queen was speaking of the countless Dark Lords that rose and inevitably fell, only to be replaced by another Dark Lord, if one was lucky, a century later. Bella knew her history well, after all, her family, the House of Black, was always in the centre of ending over a half of the Dark Lords that rose up in the Isles.

"An enemy with new tricks and abuses that twists the mind if not by rhetoric and fear then by magic itself, twisting hearts and minds into shells of their former selves, a great offense to the freeing spirit that is Magic" The Queen's magic bloomed around her, a dark blue haze of magic ringed around her as her eyes glowed furiously.

The emotions of those around Bella turned darker and angrier at the thought of the crimes and abominations committed by the Ravenites.

She'd lived amongst them long enough to know the Illosians valued freedom more than most other rights and the actions of the Ravenites despite their strange doctrine of chaotic anarchy was anathema to everything the Illosians valued and cherished.

"And this time, my fellow Illosians, we will eradicate this old enemy entirely." The Queen spoke those words harshly yet with utter confidence, her words resonated with every fibre of every soul of those able to hear her words.

"This time, the men and woman of Illos will answer the call of duty by Magic and bring an end the cycle of evil and megalomaniacal betrayers who have plagued the magical world one final time." The Queen said powerfully, her arms raising into the air as if to hail Lady Magic and she itched to reciprocate, to bask in her arms.

A pair of metallic boots began to stomp onto the ground and Bella wasn't sure who it was but nonetheless, it began a stampede of boots stomping, one she joined, and the rhythmic stomping grew into the drums of war that played into her mind.

The Queen smiled, her magic rising even greater at the sight of the mages stomping their agreement, and she continued "Illos will rise and bring forth a new age for the magical world, one free of Dark Lords and poisonous foolish divisions and that new age starts today, here and now, my fellow Illosians!" she roared furiously, her fist placed on her chest and it was that moment that there was a fervent cacophony of cheers and roars, a cacophony that threatened to deafen everyone present by its ferocity yet it was not where things ended, no, that came long after chants of 'War to end all wars' lost its strength and that…

That came only when voices became hoarse and weak.

Four Days Later…

Qinghai, China

Bellatrix Black POV

The sounds of battle raged around her, rubble and blocks of ambers lay nestled in the cracks of broken homes amidst a landscape of broken towers, a landscape that seemed to be caught on fire under the orange light of the distorted skies

She ran across shattered stones through the narrow street, her armour effectively causing her to breeze through as if she was flying near the ground with the speed she travelled, her gaze set on the raging battle in the distance.

Her HUD flashed to show where the others in her platoon were and she saw that they were scattered in clumps of two and threes. The way they usually liked it.

The academy had opened her eyes to see the way the Illosians viewed the art of war but as much as the Illosians liked to think they'd reinvented war, they hadn't, not really. Armour and advanced tactics and application of magic itself of course placed the capabilities of the Illosians so far above the other societies in the magical world that it wasn't even funny but ultimately…

Large scale wars remained as it always had been. Small groups fighting together that knew each other's styles and capabilities like their own fighting other small groups.

Or they were like her.

Lone wolves that flittered around the battlefield.

Flashes of vertical blue lights pitted the distorted skies, flashing less now than it had at the start but nonetheless there were still some civilians that were being transported out from the ruined fortress enclave by large transport ships that reminded her of sea-faring cargo ships. She idly mused if they could actually sail the seas too.

In any case…

This was the second enclave she was now fighting in and it was proving to be more intense than the first one where they'd caught the Ravenites by surprise and had received aid from the surviving warrior monks who'd hidden amongst the populace.

She leapt into the air, her wand blurred forward and a spell tore loose as the wall of the mostly intact building approached, and she twisted her body around, her feet first, and the wall pushed back like elastic rubber before sending her flying forward towards where she could see and hear the main battle raging.

A glimmering gleam entered her eyes. Her flight seemed to end as time slowed its march and instead crawled forward with bare knees on roads with jagged glass.

The sight of hundreds fighting, streaks of spells, flashes of explosions, conjurations and transfigurations in flight, all of it, all of that entailed within the chaotic battle, was like beautiful poetry in motion for her.

Ruthless, desperate, hateful spell-casting were let rip from the tip of the Ravenite wands, murder on their minds, and she thought she could paint a masterpiece with what she saw, with what she saw captured in this still moment.

A starving hunger settled within her stomach, a quelled hunger but a hunger nonetheless. Her mind was hers again but her heart, her heart would always yearn for the fight, for the freedom that bitter and tense duels and fights gave her.

She drifted towards the central battle site, time slowly resumed and gravity began to take effect on her, and she turned her gaze to a battle at the fringes of the battleground and a few of her comrades were outnumbered three to one…not that it mattered.

One armoured Illosian was worth two dozen Ravenites, she thought to herself.

So far, she'd heard only a few people had died so far in the war, having died from Fiendfyre that had run loose, and she didn't think anyone would die in this battle either. Their armour was simply too great for the common rabble to break through.

Her comrades managed to catch a few of the Ravenites off-guard and they were encased in amber, something that enraged the Ravenites even further as more violent curses sprang loose from their lips and wands.

A fierce wolfish grin made way to her face as she blasted herself towards the ground, towards her outnumbered comrades and with a flourishing arc of her wand arm, a crackling violet wave surged from the tip of her wand, a wave that blasted several of the Ravenites off of their feet as she landed amongst her comrades.

She had no time to confer with her comrades, not when dozens of spells streaked across the air towards her and her comrades, dark piercing and bombarding curses that would easily kill yet would only somewhat damage their armour, if that, and so the dance of battle commenced as she weaved in and out of the way from their spells, her fierce grin stretching from ear to ear as she breathed it all in, the chaos, the hate, the freedom, all of it, every little thing the battle had to offer.

It was slightly more than a minute afterwards that she was hit by an errant curse on the shoulder, a gouging curse she realised, that spun her off of her feet and into the air and she crashed into a broken home and she became lodged into the wall.

She had no time to think for another spell was sent after her, a crackling inky blue spell, Contudo Aeolus she realised, a dark curse that superheats air into a powerful demolishing wake, and also realised it was too late to evade away from the spell.

She grunted with clenched teeth as the spell collided into lower mid-rift part of her, the resulting explosion ramming her deeper through the collapsing structure with smeared stone covering her from face to toe but it also lodged her free, enough for her to step free from the rubble towards the source that would soon receive her ire.

Before she broke free completely from the rubble confines of the former home, her wand with blinding speed pulled the molten stone off her armour and with a sweeping arm, she swept the tip of her wand towards the other rubble around her.

With sharp and bending twists of her wrist, broken stones scraped and thumped as pieces flew all around to merge into a bulking menace with rows of teeth fit to make Vlad the Impaler blush at the sight of them.

She launched herself through the rubbly confines, stones and glass joining in flight with her for a brief moment as she shattered through, and her eyes latched onto the one who she suspected had so unceremoniously got the better of her.

Briefly.

The Ravenite spotted her and curses were let loose. He was quick. But he was too ignorant of his surroundings, she thought to herself mockingly as she shielded against the barrage of spells as she fell back to earth and a hulking mass slammed into the Ravenite with the strength of twenty bludgeoners.

She pointed her wand towards the Ravenite, a deadly spell crackling at the tip of her wand as the teeth of the Chimera construct bit through the flesh of the Ravenite, the sounds of agony and pain in his panicked voice absolute music to her ears.

She sighed when she let the moment pass which that lasted less than half a second, a moment of nearly overwhelming desire, and with blinding speed she launched an amber bullet at the Ravenite and watched for a moment as the gas flashed around the Ravenite and hardened into amber with the Chimera construct's teeth sunk deep into the man's thigh before she dashed forward, back towards the battle at large.

Hundreds of spells streaking across the air, no rhythm or rhyme to their direction in this chaotic maelstrom of battle, and she joined the fray, eager as she was to join in the orchestra with her own instrument strumming a melody of discord.

She spun around, out of the way of a nasty looking bolt of magic that shattered the rubble behind her like a hammer to a pane of glass, and whipped her wand across and blasted out a destructive spell with menacing speed.

The wizard draped in feather tipped robes slashed his wand, a block of rubble sprang loose and intercepted her spell, shattering in the process into a cloud of dust. With a jab, the Ravenite sent the cloud of dust racing towards her, a cloud of dust that twisted into a cloud of black droplets.

Bellatrix snarled as she leapt into the sky, her armour making what should have been a few inches hop into a leap twenty feet high, just in time before the droplets hit where she'd been. A series of explosions ripped the ground to shreds and shockwaves smashed into her shield she'd erected and she arced her wand upward, the tip of her wand crackling moment before she released a powerful banishing spell that sent her back down and out of the way of the curses the Ravenite let loose.

She whirled her wand in concentric whirls, the air hummed for a brief moment before she jabbed her wand forward. A putrid looking lilac-yellow spell sprang loose with blurring speed and the Ravenite erected a shield in the same motion as he arced his wand upward, a dangerous dark gold spell sent careening towards her.

She side-stepped it and began a series of spell-chains. Her wand arm moved like a whip, a kaleidoscope of spells streaming out of her wand like water spewing through a hole on the other side of an overfilled dam.

The Ravenite did all he could do to evade and shield against her spell-chains. She snarled two other Ravenites joined the fray, breaking her assault and forcing her shield and evade.

She swatted away an ugly yellow spell and waved her wand with a flurry of motions, raising vicious lions and wolves from the rubble in the brief respite she graciously took advantage off before she was once more pressed into defence.

Her transfigurations didn't last long, blasted into smithereens as they were and she briefly considered her next moves though it seemed it was unneeded as one of the Ravenites was taken off-guard and encased in Amber.

The two Ravenites swept their wands around them, erecting Protego Maxima around them and amber bullets smashed into the shield half a second after they were raised.

"Black!" she winced at the bark of her name through the Comms as she began to pelt the Ravenite shields with a flurry of spell-chains and spider webs were beginning to form on the surface of the shields.

He must have been warned by the HUD system that she was pinned down.

"If I see you playing around with your food one more time, I will haul your ass out of the rest of this campaign and make sure you end up on refugee duty!" Commander Kwame Adjei said with a clear scowl in his voice as he ran away to somewhere else.

Bella resisted the urge to whine and instead turned morose.

"Yes sir." She said with a faint hint of moroseness that she couldn't prevent as she increased the ferocity of her spells until finally the shields burst.

She didn't abate her spell-casting, rather she dialled it up, her wand was a blur in motion. Spell after spell ripped out of her wand, each of them capable of ripping off in their own right.

A yelp of pain escaped the lips of one of the Ravenites when her gouging curse struck the man on his left leg and she followed up immediately with her left arm, a bullet of amber streamed forward and encased the man fully all while wearing a stupid shocked and fearful face.

Unfortunately, she was a little too slow again as she was upended by a vine pulling on her leg though she fell into the pull allowing her to twist her head out of the way of the familiar concussive curse that potentially could have knocked her out due to whiplash and in the same motion, she pointed both of her hands towards the Ravenite, a gale of strong wind she flicked towards the Ravenite catching him off-guard and immediately an amber bullet shot out of the opening on the top of her gauntlet.

The Ravenite tried to evade it but by the time he realised, the bullet had already imploded into an orange mist that hardened in less time than even enhanced eyes could perceive.

Bellatrix clicked her teeth as she lazily burnt off the vine. She was still slow, too slow. She knew very well that without her armour she'd be a hell of a lot worse. In a way though, she thought to herself, the armour was a handicap at times. The desperation, the danger to life wasn't the same and it made it easier for the subconscious to lax. She sighed as she shook her head. Still, she knew she had much to improve on and in that vein, she allowed herself to survey her surroundings in the respite she earned.

The battle was winding down. There were far more amber blocks than there were enemies. It wouldn't be long before the battle ended.

She winced. She hoped the commander wouldn't reassign her to scour the countryside and surrounding countries for any Ravenite presence. Given that she hadn't killed anyone this time, she thought he shouldn't like he'd threatened to. After all, the best duels were at the enclaves, she was certain of that.

She held no patience to hunt down Ravenites and their collaborators in bum-fuck nowhere. No thank you. And with that last thought, her eyes hardened, her wand raised and she ran towards the area where she saw the largest concentration of spell-fire.

Meanwhile, at the Xiao Ping Fortress Enclave…

Emily POV

The wind howled against her, its licks, its touches, its sharpness was furious and squally, yet it did nothing, could do nothing to her as she floated serenely in the sky draped in simple Rosi attire, akin as she was to a boulder left unchanged and un-whittled away by the ravaging streams of water that called on its ally, time, and her cool, almost indifferent gaze was set on the battle that ravaged and rampaged below.

The magical cores of all those below were alight, like embers of dying fires caught in a moment of blissful melancholy, and even those who no longer moved, no longer flickering under the gentle touch of the winds-before-the-storm, were bright little fireflies caught in the eternal moments before the earth twirled on its axis.

Catchment that came from the eternally churning mind of Walter Bishop, the man that developed Amber, a substance that transitioned from gaseous form into a solid, mineral-like substance similar to its namesake in texture which suspended biological functions indefinitely until release from the amber.

The battle was miniscule compared to those fought in other enclaves and it was purposeful. To corral and harry the Ravenites so they could evacuate the innocents with greater ease.

Vertical blue lances of shielded anti-gravity fields penetrated through the dome, through the veil, like pieces of truth piercing through a deck of interlaced lies, and within their cores they carried away innocents into the bowels of cloaked transports.

Shielded transportation developed by a fusion of Illosian magic and Ancient ingenuity, the shining example of ever growing harmonisation of science and technology.

It was her choice, to rescue civilians by the means of such flashy beams of light.

What better to inspire horror and awe than such symbolic means of rescue, one that drew on the ancestral memory to be taken – to be saved – into the realm of the skies, skies that belonged to the gods?

The hum that escaped her throat was silent when she looked up, towards the near cloudless skies. The skies did belong, after all, to their people, her people.

Just as the rivers and the oceans, the mountains and the earth, did.

For all the zealous determination and desperation the Ravenites fought with, her people fought with equal zealotry fuelled by purpose and righteousness.

Rising…rising…rising…

Her people fought, and would continue to fight this war on their terms, protected by a belief that matched the invulnerability of the armour that guarded their bodies.

Her eyes drooped low, her mind lost to the drifts of her thoughts.

Belief…

Belief, faith, was an odd weapon of mass destruction.

She'd known that it could be before she'd even known what to call the phenomena.

Her days at the orphanage had given her front row seats to the power faith could have and in a strange, almost surreal way, this war was a war of faith in its own way.

Priests and acolytes of Chaos against those who preached and practiced Order.

Her lip curled up, morbid satisfaction settling within her core being.

And both of them, both Chaos and Order, danced to her and Atticus' tune, all of it a game of Balance in a story that was soon coming to its forgone conclusion, their wands and hearts and minds all on strings to a predetermined conclusion.

A game that all but a handful knew was a game, a game that held little true consequence, even for the Ravenites.

Her gaze turned back towards the hazy orangey shimmer of the improved nullification bubble that distorted all wavelengths of light and some of magic.

Death would not come for them, not truly.

Not when most of them would have their uses still.

Her gaze went westwards, beyond the skies, beyond the enclave, her curiosity peaked like the snow-capped peaks covering red mountains.

Haunting in its beauty. Picturesque in its barrenness.

It was poetic, in a macabre kind of way.

A faint smile grew on her face. Atticus had infected her with his ways of seeing things, his strange drive to find meaning and symbolism in all that surrounded them.

The enclave, and others like it, was hidden amongst barren cold deserts and brown sterile hills bereft of much vibrant plant life, of much of any life. Unpalatable. Uninspiring. Dead. The fourth enclave such that had taken root in these destitute lands, and the other nineteen enclaves were not in lands any better.

Arid and unneeded, away from the sights of those who'd hunted them far better than any mundane should have been able to. This region was only second to Tibet when it came to the least populated regions of China.

Hiding amongst mines and the nomads and pastoral herders…

That was what the Chinese had been reduced to. A people that could claim to rival, once upon a time, the Ancient Egyptians, Sumerians, Assyrians and the Romans.

A people who lasted and revered amongst the mundanes a half a thousand years longer than European mages before the Statute was made official and enforced what already had been in place in many regions of the world.

And a people who, once imperious, were made to agree to a suggestion by the ICW to hide in these…unpalatable lands rather than live and hide amongst the ever-changing mundanes themselves, away from their thousands of years long ancestral lands in the southeast and coastal regions.

With how close the Statute of Secrecy had been broken, only truly held in place thanks to the arrogance of the Chinese Communists who wanted to eradicate the magicals as secretly as possible, the Chinese Confederation were given nearly no latitude to argue their case by the ICW.

Emily raised her right hand, her fingers dancing in the shearing winds.

Moments passed, her index finger stood taller than the other fingers, and a playful icicle formed at the top of her finger, her mind drifting towards the Chinese as magic began to build around her, dreadful, beautiful, siren-like magic.

The Chinese Confederation had been falling towards a death spiral of inconsequence, fastened, hastened by the tearing teeth of the Ravenites and it was not a moment too soon that they'd break them out of that spiral into terminal decline.

In a way, this trauma, these experiences, would lead to revitalise these ancient proud people, give a new lease of life under Illos' wings, under hers and Atticus, though, she supposed, grudgingly, the Ravenites would make them work to recover them, more so than almost two decades would have under their rule like it had been originally planned.

She flicked away the dancing icicle, its crystalline form breaking into dozens, hundreds, and then thousands of little speckles before merging with howling winds.

The converts to the Ravenite doctrine, those who joined for power and in anger in consequence of Confederation weakness and incompetency, were not weary nor desperate as they would have been in that dead timeline and it would need careful checkmating into obedience and servitude.

Of course, there were still hundreds of indoctrinated Chinese, many of them being from families of some import to the Confederation, which swelled their numbers.

It was good then that this was a different kind of war that was being fought.

Her arms rose into the air and magic began to rouse, began to whistle, lower, lesser than the howling winds around her yet it was abundantly clear that it was inevitable, forgone, that her magic would rise and rise and rise to eclipse the furious howls around her.

Noise began to disappear, like salt crystals in warm water, blending and undistinguishable, her connection to nature magic growing stronger and on the precipice of blending in as her magic seeped into the environment like trickles of water streams seeping into cavernous caves that breathed the outside air through the crevices of rocks above.

The campaigns here in China, and Russia led by Atticus, were to take inspirations of the Germans, thunder and Blitzkrieg – hail, hail, hail… – a show of devastating force whilst the real meat, the filling portion that would abate the war, would be carried out under the cover of night and shadows.

Over thirty strike forces were infiltrating and striking and shattering the hearts of Ravenite territories, Denmark, Greece, Norway and Italy the main focal points to tear out the proverbial throat of the rabid beast.

Her breathing turned shallow, the taste of cold ozone and magic thick on her tongue, the air thickening in pressure as the brightness of the day began to dim with the slow transformation of white clouds into bulbous grey ones.

Atticus would push south and she would push east.

Her eyes turned aglow, brimming, shimmering with unsurmountable magic, her form luminescent dark blue that stretched for dozens of metres around her, and growing, her perception filled with the threads, the frequencies of magic that inter-webbed the globe in glorious variability.

The centre, Europe, would implode by the guerrilla like attacks that would whittle away the strongmen and indoctrinated that supported the Ravenite regime.

Her train of thought diminished, focused, centred, on the electrified magic around her, on the disinclined magic that moved and ebbed and flowed with only the slightest flutter around her despite the storm of magic that was conjured up around, magic that bent and twisted energies of nature magic slowly to her will.

Magic around her began to radiate like solar furnaces, reaching high and far into the clouds like angry clobbering meaty fingers hungering for the last pieces.

Her heartbeat was slow, a metronome of unfailing constancy and precision, time moved like salted snails yet magic seemed unaffected, humming and thrumming in line with her slow albeit steady heartbeat and it moved when she moved, it twisted when she twisted her arms, like silk sleeves draped over her arms.

The air turned foggier, dewy.

The clouds above were now a blanket of grey that stretched far into the horizon.

No gap broke the blanket of grey, uniform in colour, uniform in all.

Light was a privilege denied, the grey clouds stifled its touch in their bowels and the shadow cast towards the enclave and many miles around it was foreboding, ominous.

Her eyes gleamed like twin black stars.

Agonising streaks wounded across the flesh of grey.

The world cast in a fleeting blinding sunrise.

Shockwaves rippled through the wet air, ears were struck deaf.

Nature, the world, was in tune with her heart.

Bent to her will.

Dewy air turned wet, trickles of water dropped at all angles, the howling winds cast their paths adrift from the ports of clouds they left.

She felt them all.

Each drop.

Every variability in size, in volume. In temperature.

Her perception, magnified and accentuated, saw the threads that bound her to all.

To life, to death, to environment, to water and the role it played in everything.

Like pheromones that traced and laced from one ant to another, to the Queen, so was each droplet of water linked to her, to her magic, so much so that they were her.

And she was them.

The uniform grey began to weep heavier tears, bulbous tears the size of tennis balls, the howling winds turned into shrieking tempests that could shear and tear through skin and bone.

Amber capsules in their thousands sprang loose from the spatially expanded pocket within her Rosi, slowly encircling her like orbiting planets around a star, and it was in that moment that she…loosened control.

Strips of clothing began to be torn from her body, piece by piece until nothing remained, her body unharmed, unaffected by the fury of the storm she'd conjured.

Her aloft arms, dry and wet all at the same time, began to undulate.

Skin, muscle and bone rippled all the same as she slowly fed the elemental change from her core, feeling like legions of pure magic marching down her arms.

Her pale skin began to turn transparent, diffuser with every second, the ripples stretching into shorter wavelengths, furiously shorter, and it wasn't long before her arms were diffuse, flowing lengths of vertical waters connected a solid mass.

Her aglow eyes gleamed, the sphere of insurmountable magic began to turn inward, the fusion of nature magic and her own magic drawn into her core without any distinction of what was what. It didn't matter, not in this moment in time.

She was nature.

Nature was her.

The ripples soon engulfed the rest of her body and her being soon became nothing more than a volume of water contained in her likeness.

The sensations were almost overwhelming, even for one such as her, the sensations of being the physical representation of water, the life giver, the life taker, the element that could exist in more than one state.

But she coped. No…she thrived as her right arm began to split into globules of water, the amber capsules remaining steadfast in their orbit around her.

More of her began to split apart, her consciousness no more bound into the singular, instead now spread amongst the globules that once made a part of her body.

Hundreds of her became thousands of her and with the final leash of her control becoming unbound, thousands of her became uncountable, merged as she was with weeping rain and the capsules of amber were subsumed by the thousands few still hovering water droplets, her.

Beyond those thousands few, she felt each droplet within the skies and those that pooled within the streets and trickled down walls and roofs.

Her Consciousness was a blanket covering miles of air and earth and stone and life.

She felt the water beads rolling down faces and hair and skin, and she experienced all that was happening, in every moment, in every corner and crevice, all at the same time. Her Consciousness stretched far beyond human limitations.

She felt every twitch of muscle, every contortion of those Ravenites who let the rain fall on their faces. Twitches of hesitancy. Twitches of desperation. Even ghosts of twitches on the faces of those who were chained in body and soul by the mind.

A thousand stories were told in those twitches and all of them, she could feel their understanding that they were in trouble, even if they knew not how it would come.

It was time, she thought across a plane of Consciousness and the hovering water droplets with amber hearts began to fall, yet unaffected by the shrieking tempest and hammering rain, slow at first but twice faster than the previous second that passed, and soon the droplets passed the orangey barrier towards the unassuming masses.

The Xiao Ping Fortress Enclave was one of the heavier fortified places in Ravenite occupied territories, its former status as the capital enclave demanded it so.

Her people were pressing harder now, corralling the Ravenites into open spaces.

She would not keep her people waiting any longer.

With a mere expression of Will, the droplets containing amber capsules spread across the battlefield, each droplet moving to her desires as easily as the fingers of a masterful pianist moved across piano keys.

A few of the Ravenites noticed but it was too late, droplets with amber hearts crashed into them, one by one, several at the same time, and before long, a chain of amber prisons exploded into being all across the enclave within the space of seconds.

Her people began to assemble in one of the open spaces of the enclaves and with significant exertion of Will, she pulled herself back from the greater of being, the pang of loss ruthlessly suppressed as her form began to coalesce into a bulbous round form until the large water globule resembled more like her figure likeness once more.

The rain began to peter down as magic began to radiate from her watery figure and ice began to form on her watery likeness. It shaped around her, wrapping around her like cloth and her watery figure began to ease away, opaqueness rising until pale skin was once more seen and flesh and bone was felt.

She let off a sigh, the strain of becoming the very elemental itself was taxing even for someone like her. "Your Grace." One of her people called out and she turned her gaze towards the armoured man. The helm rippled away revealing a middle-aged dark-haired man wearing a stern expression that dipped as he bowed his head.

"You've captured them all. There are no Ravenites remaining within the enclave."

Emily smiled before she turned around towards the others.

Some of the armours were damaged and she'd seen a few that definitely would need to be repaired if not replaced. "Thank you for your hard work."

The mages pressed their gauntleted hands against their chest in response and her smile deepened before she glanced towards the nearest amber block.

There were exactly seven hundred and eleven Ravenites here, almost a fifth of the Ravenites present in China alone. It was a major victory.

The Amber was one of the few substances that was extremely hard to transfigure and even if you were able to, one could not separate man from amber. A truly ingenious invention that admittedly even she wasn't sure how she'd escape from.

"Commander. Please call it in." She ordered and the man did as ordered. The transport ships would take the amber blocks and intern them until the war was over.

'Let's see if you can do better, my love' was Emily's last thought before she returned her thoughts to the next battle that must be fought.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

26th​ of October, 1972 – Hogwarts, Great Hall

Lily J. Evans POV

Dozens of owls descended down in a great big flurry and immediately heads swivelled around and noise rose resembling like the sounds of braying horses filled the Great Hall.

With all forms of magi-tech devices banned from Hogwarts, save for Uni-Library Tablets and the Magi-Comp held by each Head of House that students could use to call home, it was the only way news of the outside world travelled in Hogwarts.

She'd been dismayed by it, having practically grown with a Magi-Comp all her life, and she knew that many of the students, a large chunk being purebloods, were equally unhappy that they were cut off from their Magi-Comps.

Her dad somehow wasn't against it all, saying that Hogwarts wasn't unlike the boarding schools that posh boys and girls attended with how strict education was.

She shook her head as a tawny brown owl hovered above her head, its talon stretched out with her Daily Prophet subscription. She oddly liked the paper more than the IMP. The IMP was a lot more international and serious and she liked the odd little stories that the Daily Prophet sometimes did, like the story about the wizard who dedicated fifty years, fifty years! of his life to creating a perfect skincare potion that would hide wrinkles even on a two-hundred-year-old only for the man to create a potion that overproduced skin so much that it could be harvested and turned into leather.

She shuddered at the thought. Her friends thought her odd that she liked twisty stories like that but she found it quite interesting even if it was very disgusting.

The noise of the Great Hall picked up, drawing her out of her musings and she looked around and saw that most students were reading or furiously discussing the paper in not-so-silent whispers. She glanced towards the High Table, towards the professors, and she noticed they too were discussing the paper or reading it.

She quickly turned back towards the owl and took the paper and her eyes widened as she unrolled the paper.

BREAKING: TRIUMPH! ALL CHINESE ENCLAVES LIBERATED!
By: Karl Simmons

In the latest whirlwind event in what has been a whirlwind war thus far, Chief Press Secretary Craxus informed the international press that on the Eve of the 24th​ of October, the last of the Chinese Enclaves were liberated from the clutches from the Ravenites.

This has come to great surprise to the international magical community as the Chinese occupation was rumoured to hold a significant presence of Ravenites forces with estimates ranging from two thousand Ravenites to as high as five thousand mages occupying the Chinese Confederation of Wizards Enclaves.

Questions were raised to Craxus about the speed in which this was achieved and the Press Secretary had this to say 'We are committed to ending the suffering to countless innocent magicals as fast as we can with as few casualties as possible. Illos and Avalon and their allies have the people and capabilities to do this.'

It certainly seems so, fine ladies and gentlemen

This drastic conclusion to the Chinese front has taken many analysts aback though one analyst states that the hasty conclusion to the war may well be indicative of a much greater involvement in the war by the Royal Family than originally anticipated as rumours of Her Majesty the Queen leading the 2nd​ and 5th​ Regiments at the Chinese front become more pronounced

Perhaps this should have been expected with the return of His Majesty the King from his venture to Atlantis. The King, famously known to be a powerful Seer, had immediately spoken out aggressively against the Ravenite tyrants, a change of tact after years of subtle opposition, and Illos had not long after issued the famous ultimatum that led to war.

With the King rumoured to be as powerful Seer as the ancient priest Pythia of Greece, it may likely explain the Royal Family's direct intervention in the war despite the risk to their lives and to the Royal Throne of Illos and Avalon.

Argus Pithorn, a reputed war historian had this to claim

'The direct involvement of the Royal Family was only expected. It is almost as predictable as the sun rising in the morning and the sun falling in the evening. You don't need His Majesty's remarkable Seeing abilities to foresee that.

In every turbulent period of wizarding society, war and violence has only come to an end at the conclusion of a great battle between the Revolutionist Archmage and the Opposing Archmage.

The uniqueness of this era with two opposing Archmages on either side notwithstanding, ends of wars has become symbolic with the fall of one of the aforementioned Archmage and despite the societal progress we have made, much of the world is still ruled with such expectant eyes with such tinted glasses.

And His and Her Majesty the King and Queen know that.'

A rather gruesome and dare I say it unwelcome perspective but I fear perhaps that is truer than it ought to be.

Whilst this victory was a great one, historian Pithorn touches heavily on the point that this war isn't over until the chief architects of the misery that has gripped most of Europe and parts of Asia and Africa are brought low and pay for their crimes.

With rumblings of rebelling in the southern regions of Europe picking up strength…

Lily frowned as she flipped the page, continuing to read the news stories of the day with deaf ears to her surroundings, her worries and concerns, and really, interest, overwriting the furious gossips and conversations around her.

She was enraptured by the stories, even the rehashed article of Avalonian battlemages coming to the rescue of France again like they did in the forties – a story she knew many of her classmates were most interested in – and she thought she could read a hundred articles like it without once growing bored of them.

Over the past few weeks, the Daily Prophet had many stories about the war and it had gripped her attentions, really all of the attentions of the students even the gossipy girls in her dorms who'd normally be obsessed about nail colour, and she found herself often wanting to know more, hearing more.

Dad had told her it reminded him of the second world war, when he and grandma would clamour for the paper with hopes and dull dread in their hearts.

She never told dad that she thought it a bad comparison. She thought that hope and dread probably was made worse for dad and grandma because grandpa was fighting.

She chewed her lip, her brows marring as her insides broiled and roiled with a strange feeling. She wondered if she should write Great Aunt Anne. She'd gotten to know her great aunt a lot over the past year or so, often visiting every few weeks for days at a time. A few times, she'd even brought along her daughter and granddaughter Sophia – Lady of House McDowell and a Senator! – and Marie!

She'd even met some of her Provydetsi cousins.

But that didn't really compare to the simple truth that the King was her cousin.

The King!

It still wasn't something she really processed and the day she'd found out that she was related to the King had left her in a daze – and Petunia in a crazed squeal 'Does that mean we're also Princesses' – but also it left her a little confused.

She hadn't really met her cousin yet, probably had been too busy with the Atlantis expedition – she had so many questions to ask! – and it was probably for the best given how confused she was about everything right now. Whether or not she should feel as concerned as she was for her cousin or not.

Most of her confusion stemmed from everything that had happened ever since she'd known she was magical. On one hand, it really was amazing that she was cousins with the King that many people considered to be much greater than Merlin himself but on the other hand…she knew that he was partly responsible for causing all of the crazy changes in their lives…without any real choice.

She knew that daddy wouldn't have agreed to move them if they really had the choice but she also knew that she wouldn't had the chance to meet all of her friends and to learn magic.

Lily hadn't shared her confusion with her family. Petunia wouldn't really care, not when she was also made magical which wouldn't happen before the King and Queen. Mum wouldn't really know what to say and grandma…well, Lily didn't really want to upset her now that she was so much happier. And she knew what daddy would tell her.

She sighed as she looked around.

With all of the confusion she felt, mixed as it was with concern, she at least knew that her odd concern was minor compared to the concerns and worries of some of her classmates, who had close relatives or parents even fighting on the continent, must feel

The few times daddy and grandma had talked to her about grandpa's experiences during the war often played in her mind. Daddy tried to hide it but she could see the sadness in his eyes. She peered at a few of her classmates from the corner of her eyes

She wondered…would their parents also be as hurt as grandpa had been?

Grandma once told her that a piece of grandpa had remained in Ardennes with many of his friends who died less than a year than when the war was supposed to come to an end.

Lily hoped not. She didn't think anyone deserved that. Not her grandpa or the parents of her classmates, even if many of them were awful.

She sighed silently as she reread the paper again. She wondered what this victory would mean. The Ravenites were evil, incredibly evil, and did terrible things as bad as the Nazis had done but…the Nazis didn't have magic.

She bit her lip, an awful tightness gripping her heart. If they continue to lose, what kind of horrors would they do the Occupied countries?

To the Avalonian and Illosian battlemages?

She felt someone bumping her on the shoulder and she blinked before she turned to her side. Marlie was looking at her inquisitively before peering down at the paper.

"You've been reading that paper like the way I do when I cram the day before exams." Marlie teased lightly, a mild grin worn on her face as she twirled her wand and erected a low level privacy bubble around them.

A very useful charm that every girl should learn.

Lily couldn't help but giggle slightly. Marlie was terrible like that. Her friend wasn't lazy and she was quite smart but she had the bad habit of procrastinating a little too long and little too much. And oddly when she was really cramming, she could tune out even the loudest Three-Peller crowd hours at a time.

"I don't think I could ever focus the way you can when you need to." Lily shot back with a mild smile. Marlie looked pleased with herself with her words before she flung back her hair behind her ears, a light frown making its way on her expression.

Marlie tilted the paper towards her after she pushed away her muesli.

"Good news at least." Marlie said brightly before she flicked through the pages and settled on a story about the French

"Yes." Lily agreed. It was good news but she couldn't help but worry. The Chinese Confederation was huge but it was only one freed country.

There were many, many more to free.

Marlie picked up on it and looked at her a little concerned. "What's wrong?"

Lily was a little startled but after a few moments she answered.

"I'm just concerned that this might become the only good news in a while."

Marlie raised her eyebrows in surprise before frowned heavily.

"I think I understand what you mean." Marlie said a little awkwardly.

Lily knew very well that Marlie didn't like speaking of politics a lot and that was mostly because she'd be grown to hate it after she was made to learn so much of it as a child on top of magical pre-school. She knew that as a pureblood noble daughter from an ancient House, Marlie would be expected to be well-versed in politics.

Another reminder that Lily was very lucky to be born to her parents.

"But I think as bad as it might get, it was always going to get bad eventually."
Grandma more or less had the same opinion, Lily thought to herself. Probably because she'd seen the same kind of signs she'd seen the two Great Wars.

"Especially after the Vampires began to attack the Western Alliance." Marlie added almost with an afterthought, confusing Lily a little.

"What do you mean?"

Marlie looked a little surprised. "Well." Marlie began slowly.

"I overheard father talking to some of the Lords he's friendly with. He seemed to think we didn't have long anyway until war broke out. Something about not wanting the English Channel being the only barrier between Avalon and the Ravenites which seemed like a real possibility after the Vampires attacked." Marlie said with a shrug before she looked around and turned to Lily, seemingly pleased enough though there was a hint of seriousness in her expression.

"Don't tell anyone I told you that." She said seriously. "Father would be very disappointed if he knew I was telling anyone that, even if he approves of you."

Lily rolled her eyes. "If I was going to tell anyone your secrets, I would start with your crush on Hubert Rollings." Lily said teasingly causing Marlie to blush a storm.

Hubert Rollings was a famous actor but he looked very strange. He had a very long jaw and sharp cheekbones that looked like they were about to burst out of his face like how monsters burst out of people in some of the horror movies.

He did have a pretty nose and pretty eyes though, Lily thought.

But really, no one fancied him. Not seriously.

Well, except for Marlie, she thought amusedly to herself.

Said Marlie narrowed her eyes.

"I'd kill you and make sure no one would ever find the body." Marlie said with a deadpan and the two girls stared at each other before Marlie broke into a fit of giggles, one that Lily joined soon after.

By the time breakfast was done, she was walking towards the library with Marlie and a few other girls in the other Houses, girls they'd known since pre-school, chatting about anything and everything though the upcoming Samhain was a core talking point. She'd go home for it.

Her parents were still Protestant and whilst they never said it out loud, they were certainly not the biggest fans of the festival and preferred to spend the day at home with the family, watching reruns of shows they'd watch together as a family instead.

"Oi Evans!"

Lily wanted to groan and she shot her friends an angry glare at their delighted amusement and childish anticipation. She swivelled around, her books clenched tighter to her chest as she looked at the arrogant bespectacled boy irritated.

James Potter was a popular boy, really too popular she thought to herself darkly. He was a well-known Quidditch player in the youth leagues, one that many thought would probably play for England before he'd graduate Hogwarts.

His first game for the Gryffindors a few weeks ago where he'd scored fifteen times only made him more popular than he already was.

Almost everyone in Hogwarts liked Potter or sucked up to him, even their Head of House and transfiguration Professor McGonagall gave Potter slaps on the wrist even when he'd at the very least earned a week worth of detention like the time he'd snuck in a dung bomb in the girls' bathroom on a stupid dare.

She sighed and simply stared at the approaching boy.

He was looking at her with a stupid grin that she'd seen all too often on the M-Vision on the face of Monsieur Le Blanc, the handsome Frenchman on the show Casanova.

She wanted to punch the look off of his face if she though it would help.

Unfortunately, she was quite sure it wouldn't help to stop him from bothering her.

Really, she didn't understand why he kept on trying to be friendly with her!

She told him plenty that she thought that he was an irritating spoilt boy but it seemed like he never heard a word she said! Why couldn't he just…bother the other girls that wanted to be bothered by him?!

Plenty of them gossiped about being the future Lady Potter enough for her to know they'd practically preen and die at the unwanted attention that Potter was giving her!

"Potter." Lily said coolly as he came to a stop in front of her, her traitorous friends having stepped away towards the walls, traitorously gossiping with one another as they watched. She glared at them which made them look away.

She wasn't fooled. She knew they were still watching from the corner of their eyes.

They were devious like that.

Ugh, she didn't understand why they thought all of this was romantic! Well, she did understand. They watched too much Casanova and other shows like it, she thought darkly to herself. They were twelve, not twenty!

Ugh, she thought as a foul mood descended over her as she stared down at Potter.

"What do you want." She stated bluntly and quite unkindly. She didn't like being like this but she didn't know how else to deal with James Potter.

"I was thinking that maybe we should go to Samhain together." Potter said confidently, his bright brown eyes alight behind the wide-framed glasses.

Her eye twitched as she heard her friends gossip just a little bit louder and she resisted the urge to hex the lot of them. "I'm going home for Samhain. Like last year." She said primly and she'd seen his face fall.

She didn't understand why he was trying so much. Really, he wasn't like this at all last year! Sure, he was annoying but they'd barely spoken in their first year!

She continued "If that is all that you were going to ask..." she drew out her words slightly and when Potter seemed to falter, she simply turned around and began walking away…without her so called friends.

"Wait!" Potter said hastily as he ran after her and she quickened her steps. He unfortunately matched her. "What about Beltane?" Potter asked eagerly.

"Going home." Lily said as she glanced at him from the corner of her eyes. She had to admit she kind of liked the flash of frustration on Potter's face.

"How abou-"

"I'm mostly likely going home then too" Lily cut him off and she struggled to contain the smile that wanted to break out of her face.

"You didn't even know what I was going to ask!" Potter protested, his arms waving around frustrated. Lily shrugged before she peered at him.

"I don't want to spend time with you, Potter. You're arrogant and spoilt. We have nothing in common." Potter suddenly stopped and it startled Lily a little.

"We have plenty of things in common and I'm not spoilt." Potter said annoyed.

Lily raised her eyebrow questioningly.

"You literally threw away a perfectly good broom that was better than most of the other students had and got the newest model Flash Broom within days of its release."

That broom he'd given away was worth at least eight hundred galleons even if it was second hand. The Flash broom was worth five times that!

Potter narrowed his eyes. "You know very well that Eric was using a practically ancient broom that was getting pretty dangerous. I didn't throw it away. And dad is good friends with the owner of Flash Brooms so I was always getting the new model"

Lily rolled her eyes. "Sure. I don't care. You still didn't deny that you are arrogant." Lily pointed out a little triumphantly, unwilling to concede the argument to him.

Potter gave another one of his infuriating grins. "Of course I don't deny it. I know I'm arrogant." Potter said blatantly with a shrug and Lily goggled at the admission.

Potter grin grew sly as he eyed her. She didn't like it one bit.

"And you're arrogant too."

"No I'm not!" she exclaimed affronted.

Potter dared to laugh, his brown eyes almost twinkling "Yes you are. At least a little"

Before she could refute it again, this time more harshly he continued "In class you get a look when the professors raise you up when they ask you to try out the spells first, especially when Professor Flitwick does it. It's very subtle but it is there. You keep it hidden, unlike me, but we both know that you're arrogant." Potter said succinctly before hastily adding "It's not completely a bad thing. Just…" Potter shrugged, seemingly run out of words.

Lily's mouth had sealed shut as she thought back on it.

She was just confident in her abilities, right? She did think that almost all of her classmates were much worse than she was in all but one class and that she didn't think they'd ever do better than her…that wasn't arrogant, was it?

She set her eyes on him. He noticed that? She wondered to herself.

"Don't follow me." She murmured as she turned back around, hastily walking away.

This time Potter didn't follow her.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 82 others
mosefboombox117
Aug 24, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
9 more messages…
 Not open for further replies.
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
 [NSFW] The Weight of Fate [Harry Potter]
Heartlesss Thursday at 20:27 Words: 15k ai assisted harry potter (series) harry potter au
Replies12
Views1K
Today at 07:09
veekie
BlitzKrieg-T1
 [NSFW] Harry Potter: Memento Vivere (A HP Self Insert)
BlitzKrieg-T1 Aug 19, 2026 Words: 28k 1 2 discuss i demand it harry potter (series) magic and shit
Replies35
Views7K
Sunday at 15:45
SpaceWhale
SpaceWhale
AndrewJTalon
 [NSFW] [Harry Potter] That Boy Is Trouble
AndrewJTalon Aug 21, 2026 Words: 9.7k harry potter harry potter gets around
Replies1
Views1K
Aug 21, 2026
Alcov
Alcov
erisedfiction
[NSFW] Tome of Miscellaneous Erotica (Harry Potter)
erisedfiction Jul 14, 2026 Words: 11k harry potter harry potter (series) luna lovegood
Replies5
Views4K
Jul 14, 2026
Bommel
Bommel
The-Anonymous
Thread watched
 [NSFW] A Chaotic Weasley [Harry Potter AU/Chaos Gacha/Ron Weasley SI]
The-Anonymous Jun 21, 2026 Words: 15k 1 ... 27 28 29 chaos gacha female harry potter harry potter
Replies841
Views122K
Aug 17, 2026
Sleepy Dragon
Sleepy Dragon
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel ExitQuestionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus (Harry Potter)
 Thread startermosefboombox117  Start dateSep 18, 2022  Tagsharry potter harry potter au original character political machinations powerful protag pre-canon pre-halo riddle!fem self-insert
 Not open for further replies.
Prev  
1
2
 
Ignore
Watch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 28 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Sep 4, 2023
Add bookmark
#376
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 28

26th​ of October, 1972 – Germany, Bonn

Cullaica POV

An oppressive aura shone around him, his face permanently set in a wolfing snarl as he marched down the abandoned castle halls of the now-dead Knutz family.

His firmly held wand sparked and arced, burning and marking the walls as his magic raged from both within and without.

He turned the corner and neared the doors of the former ballroom and his fury rose akin to the pressure building beneath the volcano and just as a volcano would culminate into a furious explosion, so did his temper and magic and the doors cracked, the raging magic he exuded splintering and cracking the heavy oak doors like a finger pressed down to a thin sheet of ice before he pressed and pushed further.

The doors burst apart like an infant's head between his hands and his wolfish snarl turned bitter and hateful as he stepped through the gaping hole, his feet treading on the broken wooden pieces, his wild eyes stretching out from one wall to another.

The hall had the Knutz' family banners and tapestries still hanging from the walls and pillars, bloodied and torn and ripped as they were. It was a mockery he himself had taken great joy in fashioning, tapestries that proudly went back a dozen and a half generations now steeped in the same blood they cherished and boasted about.

However, in that moment, he cared not for the reminder of his bloodletting.

No, his fury did not lessen when he saw his friend sitting carelessly, maps and documents laid strewn before him while he tended to the raven perched on his shoulder, his long black hair covering his pale white face and was unaffected by his arrival, his petting of his damnable raven not lessening even the slightest amount.

No, instead, his fury rose to unbearable levels, the kind of fury that was hot and scalding, the kind that rivalled that which set in the west and rose in the east and the of his wand crackled and fizzed and burned, thoughts and intent dancing at the edge of his mind that roared him forward, that pressed him, that whispered to him that he would do better, that he would do what his old friend did not care to accompl-

"Pierre."

The utterance was akin to a death knell, an icicle that prodded and pushed into the deepest vestiges of lost identity and forgotten remembrance within his mind.

Cullaica halted in his steps, staggering, as if a hook from an umbrella was wrapped on his neck pulling him back. That single word…that single name.

"You dare…" Cullaica hissed out furious, unable to hide the betrayal in his voice, his mauve eyes wild with rage and fear. That name…it didn't belong. It was dead. Rotting. Decayed. He had no right…no right to utter those words to him. To him!

At that, his oldest…friend…stopped petting his raven and turned his coal black eyes that peeked out behind a curtain of shadow-like black hair towards Cullaica,

Grey-white irises danced in black absence though there was nothing in them, no real hint of conscience or humanity, no, his eyes were blank, a polarised white canvas that even the greatest and most avid painters would scuttle away from because of the deep primal warning all peoples had and that everyone pretended did not exist.

"You needed the reminder why we do what we do." The Raven responded without emotion, without care, his pale white face exhibiting the same warmth found in the bitter cold of Siberia.

"You think I have forgotten?!" Cullaica raged, his wand arm sweeping across, a destructive wave of accidental magic splashed across the ballroom and more than a few pillars groaned and cracked under his half controlled magic.

There was a tinge of betrayal, no, there was more than a tinge as he heaved poisonously and flared murderously at his near lifelong companion. He could never forget, never, what they had promised one another.

The path that they'd set themselves on when they won their freedom.

His old friend lazily waved his hand, shimmering with black wisps as he did so, and the pillars repaired themselves. The act only served to enrage Cullaica all the more.

Always his old friend was there, like an anchor mooring him to the shore, fixing his mistakes unconcerned, unbothered, uncaring.

'Rabid Cullaica, rabid wolf', the cold phantom hand from his friend patting down on his head keenly felt, 'Hush, hush…'

"You think I have forgotten…" Cullaica's voice was a sibilant whisper, the rage, the betrayal he felt at his friend's stabbing comments seeping through his voice.

Their eyes met and time seemed to stop as pieces that once pieced one another together stared at one another. "No…old friend…" Cullaica's mauve eyes hardened like super-cooled droplets of molten gems.

"I could never forget."

Cullaica's face twisted, his plastic-like face melting like it was splashed with the strongest acid and revealed layers upon layers of old scars that streaked across his face, thick scars that were akin to mountains overlooking valleys of miniscule stretches of skins.

Beyond the treatment they were subjected to, they'd chosen to leave permanent marking that went beyond the mental, beyond the magical. It was their individual markings, legacies that they could own and take pride in whilst they followed their master's orders to the letter and spell. Farmworkers stamping the wool of sheep.

His old friend has his hands and feet broken too many times to count, magically and mundanely, and for him, they chose his face…

'You have too pretty a face, my boy…'

Had it been only his face that was destroyed, perhaps things would have been different. His soul would have been scarred but it would have remained and likely healed but that is not what happened. No, instead it withered and died and fled the reality of pain that was the Camps, leaving behind, after years of agony, a husk, a mere vessel, to enact its vengeance on an indifferent world.

His nostrils flared, unhinged eyes stared at the white irises of his old friend.

An indifferent world, he thought as his rage burbled like a pool of gaseous poisonous lakes, depthless hate fuming out from every pore of his skin, that would reap all of the blackness and hate it so loved to sow and turn a blind eye to.

His gaze flickered for a moment towards the bloodstained banners of the Knutz family. An indifferent world fashioned by golden gloved hands.
They were all the same, Light Houses, Dark Houses. Good. Evil. The same noble families that loved to play their games on their terms, on their rules.

Pierre and his family had fallen victim to their game, snared like little rabbits to be fashioned into fattening meal or a dagger carved out of bone.

Only Cullaica had remained.

And only his friend, the Raven had survived out of the pit alongside him.

And out of the ashes of the camps, consequence had been born. He and his old friend were the consequence that negate, that which brings all that is extant to cruel and wretched perish.

There was a hint, the barest hint, in his old friend's black eyes, that Cullaica recognised as regret as his coal black eyes set on Cullaica's inheritance.

The raven cawed and flew away as his oldest friend stood up and made his way towards Cullaica, his gaze never breaking from Cullaica's scar ridden face.

His old friend stopped several paces in front him, his arm slowly rising, scarred hands that looked like all feeling and dexterity should have been lost, and it reached out to Cullaica, stopping right in front of his face.

"I know." His old friend's voice lacked warmth but it was gentle, kinder as his arm lowered, his gaze snapping up to meet Cullaica's mauve eyes and Cullaica knew that the moment had faded into dust.

"Our losses are unimportant. They have always been unimportant."

Cullaica gritted his teeth at the words of his old friend, his fingers twitching. His face began to melt, undulating in waves of pale skin oceans before his plastic-like face returned that twisted into a scathing scornful look.

"Yes, yes." Cullaica snarled out as he looked away from his old friend's coal black gaze and suppressed the urge to lash out. Barely.

Their tools were only just that, tools, but Cullaica never liked losing anything.

After all, he kept little trophies of all his favourites so he'd never lose the moments.

But for the past thirteen, fourteen months, they kept on losing tools.

First, their precious delightful remnant scions of dead Houses were stolen from them with them too late to the realisation, second the so called mysterious disappearances of artefacts that they knew were located in Italy and now this war the Sayres declared on them, sweeping across their fruits of labour like damnable locusts.

War was always going to happen, yes, but so soon? It was unexpected. The scrying techniques they'd adopted after their interactions – cowards that they were – with the Symbols had never suggested that these attacks by the Sayres was a possibility.

This all but confirmed that this was likely how the Symbols were killed off, a way to fool even the most insightful divination abilities.

Cullaica's rage settle down as his mind spun on its unsteady axis.

They'd always known the Sayres were the only threat that could undo their work.

Atticus Sayre alone was a problem that would take the combine efforts of himself and his old friend to kill. If they could even corner him with that damnable Sight of his, Sight that neither of them had found a workable solution to despite years trying.

Combined with an archmage wife, armies of wizards and with unimaginable wealth?

Problematic, problematic, problematic

"Yet our efforts are being undone as we speak." Cullaica said as he turned back to face his old friend, anger still showing but it was kept subdued underneath the thin veil of scalding rock. He raised his hand, his index finger extending before he spun it around, thin wool threads materialising out of thin air as he spoke

"Like threads pulled from ball of yarn, it's all being undone, undone, undone." He sing-songed acidly, his mauve eyes gleaming murderously.

The magical world had not yet seen its full reckoning.

The societal order that persisted was not yet shattered beyond salvation, there were too many Knutz families, too many Otterdahl families still out there to be destroyed, and there were too many pretty little wizards and witches that needed to be dragged with them into the pits of nothingness and emptiness.

The offence burned deeply.

"And disallowing me to go to China will only make the East lost to our work." The threads burst into fine flames until only remnants of smoke remained.

He'd abandoned his push further into North Africa after he'd heard the reports of the few Ravenites that managed to escape into the Chinese hinterlands.

Unknown wards that trapped entire enclaves within its bowels that were as impenetrable as the armour that was nigh on impervious to spell-fire, elixirs that trapped anyone and everything within its radius and impossible to extract people from, and that was only the beginning of it all.

He was needed and had been on his way to China after amassing a host of Ravenites, several thousand strong, only to be stopped from going by his old friend.

And now…

Now they lost it and it set everything back. Their plans in Central Asia. The Ottomans. All that should have lead towards gobbling up Illosian aligned nations in Asia and the rest of Europe when their army had swelled to the tens of thousands.

All before sweeping across the rest of the magical world…including the fortresses of the Grand Alliance.

And that wasn't the worst of it.

No, the silence they were hearing from Russia, their own damn backyard, was indicative enough that things were about to change from bad to much fucking worse.

All of their work was being undone and he hated it all. He hated it, hated, hated, HATED it. Their symphony of consequence was under threat of having its strings cut before it could rise to beautiful discordant harmony.

His old friend knew it too, Cullaica thought to himself with a flicker of grim satisfaction as he felt the slight wake of agitation in his old friend's magic.

Documents from the table behind his old friend began to float towards them. They circled around them though there was one that was closer by him.

"If you had gone, you would have died pointlessly." His old friend said emotionlessly and unblinkingly. "Ignobly" his old friend added and Cullaica gritted his teeth. They weren't under the illusion that they wouldn't be facing an uphill struggle against the Sayres once they joined into the fray.

It wouldn't have mattered then, had it been just a few more years later. It didn't even matter that it was possible they would have eventually lost anyway. All that mattered was that they'd succeed in bringing an end to the order their dead masters so loved.

Their legacy of misery and death and chaos would have long prevailed past their deaths and that was all that mattered. The culmination of their promise.

Unfortunately, the disappearance of the hundreds of scions they'd been so carefully warping was a bitter blow to the cause, tools that once could have accelerated their aims immeasurably snapped up before they could have proven usefulness.

The psychological horror of seeing their oh-so-precious noble children firing killing curses like they were first year hexes would never be realised, he thought mournfully

China was equally a bitter blow.

Cullaica returned his gaze back to his old friend, hard mauve eyes coldly assessing him. "So you've failed then." Cullaica simply stated, knowing that this conversation was only happening because his old friend couldn't find a solution to the Sayre Sight despite the promise his old friend thought this other avenue might have held.

The agitation in his old friend's magic grew and Cullaica felt morbid satisfaction at the strength of the agitation. His old friend may seem as if he'd cast off all human vices, virtues and morality but he was proud as any being.

Unfortunately though, Cullaica thought a little more soberly, just a tinge, it also meant that with the aggressiveness the Sayres were showing towards ending them, it would become only a matter of time before the inevitable end.

Ugh.

He wished he'd acted on his impulse to dissect that fool Sariel when he had that sole chance when he'd sought them out after the ICW inexplicably warmed towards them. Maybe things would have been different, he mused to himself, if they'd been able to fuck with Atticus Sayre the way he was fucking with them.

A faint saccharine smile cut across his face as he met his old friend's coal black eyes.

"How long do we have?" Cullaica asked as he snatched the nearest document from the air began tracing his eyes across the document.

Dated 1965, it was an ICW report, more specifically an assessment document, of Illos' forces and capabilities and it was the first time he'd seen it. More importantly, there were also snippets of the suspected capabilities of the Sayres.

Much of it was simple speculation though there was a keen note on there about Grindelwald's death on some Scandinavian volcanic island that was destroyed totally by some city-killer spell.

His old friend added notes on the margins, some of it arithmantic calculations and some of it observations born from the archives they pilfered from the Camps and other locations so lovingly given by their dead masters.

His old friend was planning something…

"Two months perhaps if we care for it." His old friend answered and Cullaica looked up from the document. His old friend never lied about such things nor was he often wrong about such matters of death. Not with how close he was to Death itself.

Two months to undo decades of work…if they wanted to drag out that long.

The unfairness was delicious.

"You're planning on ending it all on a high" Cullaica said with a gleam in his eyes.

Cullaica saw an unnatural glimmer of light in his old friend's coal black eyes and he laughed loudly at it when he understood. Not only laughing at the plans but also the final destruction of the attachment he held to this mortal coil.

His blood pumped and raged within his veins, the excitement, the chaos that it would sung was marvellously delectable. He remembered his old friend's family.
Their words.

Their promises to one another to go back home to their apartment in the City of Light. In the most beautiful way, his old friend would bring their home to them.

"And in the meantime?" he asked, this time quieter, more subdued.

For a moment his old friend said nothing as they simply stared at one another.

A document flew towards Cullaica and he snatched it out of the air.

His eyes widened slightly before he frowned a little deeply as he read it.

It was a number of arithmantic calculations that showed the constituents of a new spell…a piercing spell he realised. There were familiar elements in there too…the most eye-catching the main components that allowed Fiendfyre to consume magic in the way that it did. His saccharine smile grew when he realised that it might well be enough for their tools to do some serious damage to the Illosians.

"Make it all as bitter as you like." His old friend only stated as he backed away, documents circling around him as he turned back towards the table, the raven that perched itself on the banister above cawing before flying off of it only to settle onto his old friend's shoulder, and Cullaica never heard sweeter words.

The words were also words spoken that signalled an end of a kind.

He knew now that his old friend was giving him the reins to do anything he liked, no matter how detrimental or beneficial it was to their dying cause.

Pulling him back from going to China only to let him go with all of this knowledge…

He fervently hated the tinge of true sadness so he twisted around and marched out of the gaping hole. This was not the final end for either of them. Their path of reckonings may be veering off to different destinations but in the end…

Death would bring them all back together.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

26th​ of October, 1972 – Koldovstoretz, Russia

Reality accentuated itself as he pulled himself out of Living Time, his gaze once more filled with the sight of the interiors of his command-tent.

Silence permeated throughout the silent tent, the sound of his intermittent breathing the only break in the monotony. There should be a feeling of coming victory, a nearing triumph, one that mirrored the feeling athletes get when they're a few paces away from the line, but all he felt was…pity and remorse.

For a moment he remained in his lotus position, a reflective mood washing over him.

Cullaica and the Raven were two broken people intent to destroy everything, regardless if it was good or not. Two people who chose to be nameless and instead chose to inhabit a nihilistic identity warped by their tremendous pain and unimaginable suffering.

Evil done onto them, evil they sought to chase onto others.

A legacy of torture and misery passed down the generations.

Atticus sighed silently as he stood up and began to walk towards the exit flaps of the tent, his mind stuck on what he'd Seen and on the notions of justifications and consequence. This wasn't the first time he'd Seen that conversation, the last conversation between two shards of two different pots that merged into one another.

And it wasn't the first time he was seeing a different angle to it all.

Both of them thought themselves to be inhuman and their actions were undoubtedly inhuman yet despite all of that, there was a morbid sense of humanity about them.

They were broken by their suffering, a kind of suffering he imagined was likely orders of magnitude worse than what Amelie Cantona had endured and had come back from, and yet ultimately they are driven by their suffering, consumed by it.

They were stripped down, and they have allowed themselves to be stripped away of everything they were once were even when they were out, to their very core and succumbed to the inhuman evils they'd been subjected to.

Had there ever been any hope for them to come back from their suffering?

It was a question he often asked himself. One of many questions he asked himself when it came to the evil he unleashed for a later good. The greater good.

A forlorn smile formed thinly on his face, one that, had others seen it, would have recognised it as the look of remorse. He was guilty and he was culpable for the deaths and horrors the two most broken people he'd ever seen unleashed onto the world.

In the name of bull-headed ambition. In the name of rendering lessons that'd stick many generations later, using history and memory and experience to act as the premier teacher so that such evils couldn't happen again. 'Never Again…'

In the name of the Greater Good.

What an analogous, vague idea that provoked far too many insane justifications to count, he mused to himself, and maybe wasn't he just another, really, that used the same level of justifications to force society to fit in his and Emily's own preference?

'Most of the evil in this world is done by people with good intentions.'

T.S. Eliot's famous quote described him to the tee and worst, he also knew he was a necessity that was needed. The good that had come and would continue to come from the path he would lead his people towards immeasurably outweighed the secret cruelty with which he shepherded them with.

Despite all of that…

His mind flashed back to the serial reels of Cullaica and the Raven, the butchery committed and the butchery they encouraged and permitted their followers to do.

The feeling of accountability weighed heavily on him, this close to all that has transpired to these people. His own hands might as well be steeped with the blood of tens of thousands.

Knowing that such manipulation of events would culminate in the staving of extinction, not only once for the life on Earth, but twice for all life in the galaxy however distant in the future it may end up being, did little to soothe his conscience.

Conscience, in the end, he contemplated, that didn't really matter an iota.

As he'd always known.

The hopeless smile turned heavy as he reached the flaps of the tent, his hand pausing and his body stopped moving. Perhaps the weight was enhanced because he also knew that there would no one to ever hold him accountable for his misdeeds, however good intentions and beneficial and necessary they were.

He was accountable to no one. He answered to no one.

Perhaps that was the greatest tragedy of them all, he mused quietly to himself.

He began to move again and exited the flaps, the frigid Russian winter air sobering him out of his thoughts and he set his gaze towards the surrounded Koldovstoretz, the former school now turned into a makeshift stronghold.

The gothic austere school made for an impressive building even from afar despite the distortive orangey hue that clouded it somewhat.

"Sir." One of the guards saluted with a fist on their chest.

"At ease." Atticus said with a faint smile before walking towards the larger encampment that surrounded the school. There was a hub of activity, hundreds of Illosian forces that were waiting on his command, his words.

"Have they acted?" Atticus asked when he glanced at the guard.

"No sir." The guard stated before raising his arm. A holo popped up, a holo of the school with heat dots of varying hues of amber. The guard continued "The hostages are safe and should that change, we'll all know immediately."

Commander Zivkovic, the man who would lead the rest of the mission here in Russia once Atticus left, had suggested they tie the monitoring systems to their armour.

A useful idea.

Atticus nodded slightly before he turned his gaze towards the school.

The school was situated in a rather bothersome location.

With the Ural Mountains at its back and forested hilly lands with a large lake at its front and sides, it was a difficult building to siege, magically or muggle.

A surprise attack done head on wasn't an option, not with the safeguards they put in place after the rescue of indoctrinated heirs. Day and night patrols were on high alert, and ramparts were built in some places that the Ravenites identified as weaknesses.

And neither was attacking brutally an option as they had done in other regions of Russia either.

The Ravenites within Koldovstoretz made no secret of it that they will start executing every living soul within the school should they attack and none of his people wanted to be responsible for the deaths of school children.

Surprisingly as well, most of the students were being taught the old fashioned way of indoctrination rather than the blunt mind whammying they normally subjected the vulnerable to. Atticus supposed that the Raven might have felt at least some kind of kinship with these kinds of children to spare them that violation.

Atticus shook his thoughts away internally. Time to get on with it.

After a few minutes of walking through the encampment, he arrived at the Commander's tent and walked through it. His eyes flickered towards the men and women who were communicating through Holos to the signallers of other platoons.

As of right now, there were eight different operations simultaneously within Russian and Belorussia, most of it towards dismantling the entire power structure of the Ravenites whilst also eliminating all of the support network.

By the time the sun rose tomorrow, the bulk of the work would be done before the majority would go on to the Ukraine and then further south into the Balkans whilst a few platoons would hunt down known – and previously unknown – sympathisers and collaborators along with the wayward Ravenites.

The collaborators were of little consequence but they would be vital in the Milanese Trials to come. "Sir!" Commander Zivkovic saluted him alongside his subordinates.

Atticus waved them on before he raised his hand.

A holo showed before he flicked his finger and sent on the information to Zivkovic.

Zivkovic had a curious expression on his face before he looked down to his arm. Atticus could feel the surprise emanating from the commander.

The commander looked up from his arm finally after a few long minutes.

"I didn't think you could maintain that many portals, sir." The question was there and Atticus smiled faintly. It was why he liked Zivkovic. He wasn't overawed like many others were with Atticus. There was respect and loyalty, of course but no more.

In truth, it wasn't surprising if looked in a wider scope. His inaction to deal with the Ravenites, however much he was taking in refugees, had been a contentious point amongst many within the Illosian community, particularly of course the refugees.

"It is a new development."

Atticus answered calmly before he allowed a flicker of displeasure show on his face.

"Direct confrontation will only lead to unnecessary casualties."

Zivkovic looked at him for a long moment before he nodded slightly.

"I see." Zivkovic said before continuing "Do you need anything from us, sir?"

"I need a harmless distraction." Atticus answered before explaining in depth what he wanted as he'd Seen himself do a dozen times over.

The way words form and combine, the way it is communicated, even the tone in which it was spoken, all of it led to specific slightly different outcomes.

Literal words of power, of consequence that rippled the universe in the ways that he wanted it to, sifting particles of sands until it all built towards the castle he desired.

He never failed to appreciate its marvelousness and its disturbing qualities.

Two different coloured threads all tangled up in a neat little ball of yarn.

It was a few hours later that he was standing alone in the encampment in a tent made out of the same enchantments invisible cloaks are layered with.

The night was starless and the world around them would have been pitched into total darkness had it not been for the exercise to his far left some three hundred metres and the alight Koldovstoretz before him just shy of a kilometre away.

The encampment had been moved from where they were, an oddity that would grab their attentions but not so much as to see it a threat, and that was all he needed.

Atticus' arms slowly rose up from behind him, his violet emerald eyes aglow as magic began to hum and thrum around him, the chains around his magic slackening.

The thickness of magic around him was immense, akin to wading through a pool full of crude oil, and his being was fully open now, the locked door that kept the rush of flood water demolished. The universe was open to him once more.

The chains slackened even further and his eyes closed as he allowed himself to sense the world around him in all of its inexplicable ways.

The sight of the currents of magic down to the very depths of their frequencies, the cosmic energy that he venerated and worshipped, pleasurably filled his eyes.

One piece in an infinite puzzle, that was what he felt like when he let himself be part of the greater whole. One piece that stood at the centre of the universe and magic responded to him, eagerly and easily, with the merest expression of will.

Beyond the sight of the currents of magic before him, he sensed the very energy that flowed through life and universe far and wide, almost to the very corners of the Earth

His senses were beyond human perception, the shifts in the winds a hundred miles away keenly felt as if it was happening on his skin in this very place, the sounds of rustling trees in St. Petersburg as keenly heard as if he was there resting against the roots and barks of the trees themselves.

Each twist of air, each rustling leaf, left a miniscule imprint as they interacted in the web of magic that permeated throughout and within the Earth, and more importantly, he felt that same interaction some kilometre away from him within Koldovstoretz.

He felt their breathing, he felt the vibrations of the air as they talked, all hundred and sixty nine Ravenites and three hundred and sixty three students.

His eyes reopened, blazing white glowing orbs that absorbed the kaleidoscopic miasmic arrays of magic that strummed around him like a miniature cyclone.

The magic around him whipped and lashed around him in tightly controlled arcs, violet and emerald wisps flowing and ebbing into white thick tendrils of magic.

His hands began to glow, white and orange, the crates behind snapping open before two centimetre amber spheres in their hundreds began to encircle around him, and Illosian Runes began to eke out of the centre of his palm before the white-orange runes began to connect to one another in mid-air.

There was a faint whine, like the sound of building power within a magnetically accelerated gun, and Atticus spread his arms wider until he was fully stretched.

His mind, opened to a perception that ran for thousands miles in every direction, reduced to a radius of a thousand metres, the sharpness that he held on his surroundings akin to the sharpness with which laser scanning heads measured surfaces. He saw all, felt all, heard all in the minutiae.

His thought stream split into two, one focused on Koldovstoretz and its inhabitants, and the other on the Illosian Runes. With an exertion of will, a miniature portal formed before him, only three centimetres in diameter, and with another, greater, exertion of will, that miniature portal began to duplicate, again and again until…

Until he was surrounded by a hundred and sixty-nine three centimetre diameter wide portals, their destinations yet unassigned as the strain of keeping the portals open to their destination was immeasurable.

Each of the portal would activate in every single blind spot, some behind the heads of the Ravenites, others above it, others behind their backs.

The circling amber spheres began to stand by each portal, ready to race ahead and with a final breath in, his mind fortifying itself, Atticus with a final push of Will, activated each of the hundred and sixty-nine portals before a twitch of the finger sent the amber spheres careening forward through the portals before switching off the portals within a fraction of a second after they'd passed through the portal horizon.

Atticus breathed out, the sensation of all Ravenites encased within the amber blocks was satisfying. It was done. Anticlimactic yet beautiful all the same.

A desire emerged from within the pool of his mind, the thick sphere of magic surrounding him began to change frequencies, nature, the desire change to a thought, burn, and so the sphere of magic burst into a white hot sphere of flames that burnt through the invisible tent until it was no more, leaving behind not a speck of ash.

The sphere of flames subdued, suborned to his will leaving behind circling and lashing tendrils of magic that would appear as if they were the appendages of a Lovecraftian horror-creature. His gaze set upon Koldovstoretz, the sight of inter-webbed frequencies of magic that composed of the wards a thing of beauty yet it was also a beauty he must strip away.

The maelstrom of magic circling around him halted its movements as he raised his left hand, open-palmed and wide, perpendicular to the ground, and turned his gaze towards the grey-clouded skies.

The maelstrom of magic grew longer, higher, and with a gentle twist of the wrists, his magic began to reach out to the skies like a hungry flame, his mind and body and magic connecting to the surrounding nature magic with powerful will and desire.

Its submission to his Will came easy, rumbling sounds of the skies began to echo hauntingly in the empty Ural Mountains, and the volume of his magic interspersing with the surrounding magic began to grow in size and in strength.

By now, he was a miniature supernova caught in its definitive moment, streams upon streams of magic webbed out of him like expelled mass, the sounds of thunder growing louder and the streaks of the first lightning illuminating the area around him with devastating power.

He stood there serenely as the weather began to howl and whistle, blankets of grey broken to pieces by webs of lightning that lasted longer and more powerful than they ought to.

His expression was melancholic in a strange way as he latched onto a moment almost thirty years in the past. He still remembered how it felt to take down the wards of Genelum castle. The revel, the power, the strain, the struggle, the exhaustion.

The ends of his fingers bowed into a half claw and deafening silence suddenly washed over the area as sudden light was extinguished and thunder stifled to death.

So effortless…so easy, he mused to himself as magical energy so thick, so powerful, so dense, circled around him. A rate of magical expulsion that would cause the vast majority of magicals to die from magical exhaustion within a few seconds.

Yet for him…it was little more a bucket of energy drawn from a pool of liquid power.

Time's march began to slow as his perception sharpened and dulled the passage of time, and it was only half a moment later that his left hand stretched out once more, and the pressure around him began to decrease palpably before suddenly a column of lightning the thickness of a bullet train lashed downwards with tremendous power.

The wards iridescently and ethereally buckled and but held against the tremendous power, the interlinked wards straining and loosening with each fraction of a second that passed by. A flicker of appreciation sunk into him at the sight of the strong wards. Whomever constructed the Koldovstoretz wards was a master of their craft.

Nonetheless, it mattered not for a whole second passed and the interwoven wards began to snap almost all at the same time and like a bubble the wards burst apart, destroyed beyond salvation as he felt the crack happen within the wardstone.

With the wave of the hand, the lightning column stopped before it could sear through the foundations of the empty courtyards and into the dungeons where there were people and with a soft exhale, he reduced his control over the weather all whilst he chased the grey clouds away to reveal the presence of the stars.

A bright orb formed in front of him which began to climb into the sky before bursting apart, colourful hues of violet sparks showered above him, the signal for his people to go and secure the school. He didn't need to glance to know that they were moving towards the school. He could feel it readily enough.

For a moment, he let himself stand in silence, surrounding by a storm of his magic, and let the frigid cold of the Russian winter touch his skin. The feeling was blissful.

Its coldness provoked his mind, sharpening and dulling it all the same time as he dove into the recollections of the Time that belonged to him.

He'd grown so much over the last thirty years.

And not only magically.

Lord. Leader. Symbol. Hero. Husband. Villain. Shepherd. King. Mentor.

An evolution of experiences to accompany an evolution of magic.

A faint amount of air escaped his lips as his mind darkened.

And he'd have to evolve many times more in the centuries to come.

He turned his eyes towards the stars.

He'd always believed them to be wondrous and invoked a sense of awe within him.

Now, he saw them with wary eyes.

The glow of his eyes began to dim as he reeled his magic back in.

The work started against the Ravenites had only begun but that would soon enough come to a precipitous end. An end of an era to herald in a new age. A new evolution.

One where direct politicking would take hold of his life for as far as he could See.

The glow in his violet emerald eyes remained even as he dialled down the connection to the universe slightly higher than he usually left it as, and his mind began to return back to its mortal confines as his greater perception faded away.

A faint smile settled on his face as he turned away from the stars, his hand rising and falling as a blue-orange portal formed before him. He stepped through it and arrived at the school's great hall and began to walk around the marble blocks that contained some of the Ravenites.

He was due a change, he thought to himself, welcome one that aligned with what was needed to be accomplished to the change he desired for himself. Not a change of inaction like the one that gripped his Older-Self and led to his people's downfall but one of a more involved and conscientious responsibility.

He walked through the marble blocks, his gaze tracing each and every one of them. It would start partially here. Whilst he did have an ulterior motive, one of predominant curiosity, to grant second chances to the indoctrinated and unsalvageable, it was buoyed by the want of change.

The weight of constantly plotting to keep a long war going felt freeing, no more would he have to watch death and destruction of both body and mind continue on.
The prospect of the killing and the fighting coming to an end was deliverance.

He knew that there would still be some killings needed in order to deal with genuine threats that couldn't be eliminated with deft diplomacy and enticing economic incentives but he would strive for such instances to be the only killings to be done.

He would not be able to clean the blood stain from his hands clean but he would be able to start dirtying his hands with black soil and stroking plants to life.

Doing so for the next few centuries sounded productive if tiring, he thought as he came to a stop at one of the marble blocks, but nonetheless a welcome change, he mused as he studied the angered expression of the Ravenite.

It was ugly, he considered as he keenly inspected the face in detail.

The look of hate.

The fear behind the look of despair.

A look he'd seen and Seen all too often on far too many, many faces.

"Sir?" Zivkovic stepped towards him and Atticus moved his arms behind his back, his gaze never breaking from the ugly expression.

"Alexei" Atticus addressed Commander Zivkovic by his first name.

"When you see his face…what do you see?" Atticus posed to the man, his tone soft yet authoritative. Atticus could feel the man was startled by the question.

He heard Zivkovic turning and looking at the expression properly for the time.

"I…" Zivkovic began and Atticus could hear the uncertainty in the man's voice.

Atticus knew that Zivkovic saw the enemy.

All of his people saw the Ravenites the same. How could they not? In their eyes they committed evil and needed to be dealt with. Harshly. Without mercy. Many had been unhappy with his and Emily's decision to capture them if it was a possibility.

If only they knew that their evil was permitted to happen by their loved leaders.

He took pity on the man. "I see division." Atticus said to Zivkovic and he felt the man's eyes on him. "I see a man without a compass, adrift at sea on a piece of wreckage. I see starvation of purpose. I see meaninglessness."

Atticus turned towards Zivkovic whose expression was one of bewilderment.

Atticus smiled at the commander before he lost it and turned grave and solemn.

"I see tragedy when I look at this man." Atticus turned back towards the marble block, his eyes intensely trailing across the Ravenite's face. "Not an enemy."

There was a lull of silence.

Societal change would also start here, slowly, as ideas and considerations were planted in the minds of his people. Change that mirrored the rise of American Exceptionalism on the world stage.

The Illosian culture and people was young, so very young, and the pole position of power they found themselves in hadn't yet sunken in fully. By the time the war ended, it would sink in and the culture of exceptionalism would become further infectious as years and decades passed.

Zivkovic spoke up.

"My family is from Živkovci. A small village of no importance but a place my ancestors long called home." Zivkovic paused for a moment, as if drawing on memories once thought long forgotten.

"I remember the river stream that passed by the backside of our house. The smells of the plants and the earth." Zivkovic said with a frown before adding

"Even sometimes honey from the colony of bees high in the trees outside of our family wards if the wind was right. A good place to grow up. A good home."

Zivkovic's gaze hardened.

"A home we were forced to leave after the Ravenites cut through the Ministry like wheat under the blade of a scythe." Zivkovic said firmly as he turned towards the Ravenite.

"When I see him…I can only see an enemy."

The Ravenites had taken over in Serbia in 1960.

All of the Illosian Guards, volunteer forces and the Avalonian forces held a relatively strong presence of former refugee peoples within them.

Most understood that many of the Ravenites had little choice in the matter of their actions but that was peripherally and largely inconsequential to their own suffering.

The hum from Atticus rumbled in his throat, giving a gravelly quality.

Zivkovic seemed to realise once more who he was in the presence of and bowed his head apologetically. "My apologies, Your Grace…I" Atticus held up his hand stopping Zivkovic in his tracks.

He gave Zivkovic a faint smile as he dropped his hand.

"I understand your hatred." Atticus said with consideration before looking away from the man and towards the Ravenite. He let the moment drag on as the sounds and presence of his people in the castle grew stronger for a few moments.

He felt them interacting with the students and shepherding away from their rooms towards the courtyard where a transport ship would pick them up.

He refocused onto the Ravenite, the words falling out of his lips like they had in the future he was moving everything towards. "It is an understandable hatred. A reasonable hatred. But ultimately…" Atticus gestured towards the hateful look of the Ravenite. "It is the same hatred that is expressed on this man's face."

"Hatred has poisoned this man into the path of evil that knows no bounds to the depravity he willing to sink into. The horror he is willing to commit. The suffering he is willing to bring to the innocent." Atticus turned to Zivkovic.

"He is preoccupied by hatred. Consumed by it. So much so that he has acted with hatred to inspire hatred into the world, Alexei. Perhaps he carries the torch of hatred forced upon him. Perhaps it is his own torch. Nevertheless, he is a lesser man for it." Atticus intoned quietly, speaking of more than this particular Ravenite before them.

Atticus could see that Zivkovic was struggling with the words and he sighed as he removed his arms from behind his back, turning slightly towards Zivkovic.

"It took me a long time to move past my own hatred for Grindelwald and the man who killed my father." Atticus said truthfully. Hating a dead man was futile.

Zivkovic looked surprised at the admission and the fact that Atticus was sharing it.

He continued "And I only truly moved past it when I realised that I was harming myself by doing so." Just as the hate he'd felt for himself for being too late was harmful. Something that took years longer to get past than hating Grindelwald did.

"There will be a time when the war is over." Atticus continued before he glanced at Zivkovic "A time that will come sooner than you think and I realise that I cannot ask you to forgive. I may be King but that can only come from within yourself and with time." Atticus said with a faint smile before he lost it slightly.

"I can only ask however, that you reflect upon whether nor not you wish to fall in the same pit of hatred as this man has. His actions may or may not have been truly his own but that hate of his is real." Atticus finished.

When Zivkovic turned his gaze towards the Ravenite, Atticus began to walk away from Zivkovic, leaving the man to his thoughts.

One day soon enough, Zivkovic would thank him for those words. Words he would use to create new ones that would touch the hearts of his and the rest of the magical world greatly after the harrowing Milanese Trials came to an end.

Words of forgiveness and healing.

Words that sprang actions that connected magical kind through sentiment and caring.

A wistful smile grew on his face as he walked through the eerie halls of the school, memories of futures Seen blissfully playing out in his mind.

Aye, the fruits indeed grow beautifully under the caring touch of bloodstained hands.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, StormFalcon7 and 73 others
mosefboombox117
Sep 4, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 29 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Sep 18, 2023
Add bookmark
#380
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 29


14th​ of November, 1972 – Trieste, Italy

Emily POV

The sun unhidden by absent clouds was outshone by the blazing light in the distance.

The smell of ash, the smell of burning wood and stone that almost bore traces of the smell of burning flesh carried far in the winds as she approached in tremendous speed, the smells an unnecessary yet harrowing beacon to the sight of a city aflame.

Her expression was set in granite as she took hold of flames in the shape of chimeras as high as skyscrapers raged at the centre of the city, hulking, bulking flaming beasts that burnt all around them even if their flames did not lick or touch their surroundings.

The fires were simply that hot, that consuming and the Fiendfyre was still slowly growing in scale as flamelet chimeras and other creatures sprouted from the great chimera flames. It looked like the image, the incarnation of the seventh circle of hell.

Thousands must have died.

Thousands more would die.

Her eyes trailed across the chimeras, hunger and malice stretched across their beastly faces as their rage reverberated across the city in an angry bellow, and she saw the hungry fiery creature fed and emboldened by turgid strings of magic that radiated hate and power, strings that she followed towards the centre of the city.

"My Queen!" she heard through her coms from Commander Adrianus as she soared down towards the epicentre of the Fiendfyre "Trieste and the surrounding regions are cut off from the rest of Italy and the world."

The electrical grid, highways and radio were all cut off from Trieste and the surrounding regions. The ships that left the city and the surrounding regions would be boarded and the individuals obliviated whilst the city proper itself would be warded to prevent outside travel. There would be nowhere to go for Cullaica.

"Good. Do what you can to ensure that remains the case for the next few hours" she ordered. The fight would not take so long but restoring the Statute of Secrecy would.

A flicker of irritation crossed her face as she approached the all-consuming flames.

This was not the only incursion by the Ravenites, only the one successful incursion.

Münster, Constanta, Thessaloniki, Varna, Szczecin, Brno and two dozen other cities in Europe were all attempted to be burnt down by the Ravenites in a fit of childish rage, a rage that grew into an inferno much like the inferno she was diving into once they'd stopped the first two attacks.

They'd known of the attacks, all of them including the ones that would have been attacked but never were as a consequence of the cascading effects of their interventions, but with each one they stopped, another three other cities were attacked in a seemingly never ending game played by Atticus and the Far-Seers against the Ravenites and the madness that spawned them.

They were winning, having stopped all of the attacks but it was little more than winning battle after battle with only marginal steps forward towards victory.

The number of captured or dead Ravenites was well into the thousands but there were still at least several hundred more within Europe, each one in deep hiding until commanded to act by their insane leader.

She veered to her left, towards the fiery creature that surged towards the inner parts of the city, towards the suburban homes and set a course to plunge within the heart of the chimera.

Her wand arm rose, the magic coiled around her centre springing loose, akin to a basilisk unfurling itself from the coils of its body as its head rose and its death glare latched onto its unaware victim, and a blinding light poured forward, the flames that she dived into died a sizzling death as its oxygen and the magic that fuelled were extinguished like the life of a tick was extinguished in between human fingers.

Idly, she mused as liquid power thrummed in her veins and her magic rose like the raging tsunami, she admired the pettiness, the tenacity and the cleverness of Cullaica, to figure out a way to get himself into a position that took advantage of the disadvantages stacked up against him even if he knew that he'd eventually lose.

Her magic continued to rise as she twisted around, the tip of her wand crackling with the same blinding light that extinguished the hungry flames around her, and she came to a stop within the vacuum she'd created within the heart of the Fiendfyre chimera.

Her slightly aglow eyes looked at her surroundings beyond the vacuum, towards the raging red hot flames that whizzed and whirled around her momentary sanctuary she was maintaining.

Fiendfyre consumed everything and anything, be it magic or physical materials.

It was a near sentient manifestation of rage, of the desire to destroy, and with that near sentience came its will that could be suborned only by the strength of the caster – or that of any individual who was strong enough to wrestle away control from the caster and the fiery construct.

But even then, suborning Fiendfyre to your will was a taxing affair and the fiery constructs' hunger was endless and so its will would grow the longer it went on.

And what she was seeing now was the result of Fiendfyre allowed to be what it was designed to do that aligned perfectly with Cullaica's desire to simply destroy.

To consume all that stood in its path.

With blinding speed, her wand traced a series of rings above her head, rings of striking blue white magic that pulsed like throbbing veins and within a flash, she whirled her wand and the rings immeasurably fast began to expand in diameter, like waves rushing forward from the epicentre of an earthquake.

The rings cut through the inferno outside of her vacuum, the angry shriek of the chimera a pleasing note to her ears, and the rings bar one continued onwards.

She flicked her wand upward, and the one ring that remained began to expand, its shape altering as it fed onto the destructive malicious magic. Her wand arc forward and the white blue magic that hungered grew into a massive shield all whilst the fiery chimera dwindled in strength and in size until all that remained was a bubble of white-blue magic that surrounded her.

She gazed through the distorted bubble and paid witness to the rest of the fiery creatures being consumed by her rings one by one until all that there was left was ash and smoke and dying flames. She turned her gaze downwards towards the source of darkness that she knew was peering up at her.

She began to descent towards him, her eyes lazily flickering towards their surroundings. There was a monument, half molten, half burnt, amidst a cemetery and what most likely had once been a cathedral.

Her eyes narrowed as she saw more than a few still alive muggles within the ruins of the building. It was impossible that Cullaica wouldn't have noticed.

She heard clapping and she turned her attentions back towards the culprit as her feet touched the ground. With a wave of her fingers, she dismissed the shield and was met with a wildly grinning Cullaica who wore what seemed like dragon-hide armour, though what stood out was the odd metallic bracelets that were around each of his wrists. She had an idea of what they were and she'd keep alert to them.

She returned her gaze towards the man. His intense – and hungry – mauve eyes bored into her, the plastic-like expression on his face was unsightly. Like a deranged Cheshire kneazle who had just caught its next rat to play and torture.

It was amusing and she merely cocked her eyebrow in response.

"My…my" Cullaica said in a sing-song voice as he slowly began to walk towards her, his sinister magic rising as his grin, a grin that somehow managed to stretch from ear to ear, gained a malicious quality. "You are quite the impressive woman. I didn't think it would be so easy to dismiss my Fiendfyre so readily."

"Wouldn't want to give you the opportunity to run again, now would we?" she said with a light smile, one that lessened the manic grin on Cullaica's expression and inversely increased the magic exuded by the madman.

There was a hum in the air now, a frigid hum that was moments away from turning the low vibrating air into a heavy cloak as she considered the man that evaded her for far too long. Pinning the madman down had been difficult.

…As much as she hated to admit it.

Cullaica had a network of vanishing cabinets esque outlets that the man utilised any time she arrived to stop him and his followers from unleashing an attack like today.

There was never an opportunity that guaranteed success of getting to the madman, his skill in magic, his cleverness and his power made him enough of a wildcard that they had to sacrifice the perfect war in return for victory.

It seemed like Cullaica was completely intent on burning down a city and wouldn't rest or face her until he did so. A decision had to be made, one that her people – and Atticus – didn't like…to sacrifice a city to end Cullaica once and for all.

In a way, however, it served to provide a much needed lesson for the Office of Far-Sight, a bitter lesson about the consequences of failures.

"Ah…" Cullaica waggled his finger, his mauve eyes beginning to turn darker and aglow, resembling the sight of a drop of blood sunk into a pool of milk.

The magical power he began to exude was doubling, tripling, ripples of acidic putrid cyan magic, magical manifestation that could only be described as resembling the poisonous fumes of sulphuric baths, began to pour of him.

A flash of regretful thought passed about her mastering of her innate talent to discern who and what a person was within a single moment. Her expression had instinctively hardened in the close proximity that she was to his magic.

He reeked of poison. Of inhumanity in a way that surprised her.

Only some of the darker wizards – however lost to history they may have been – that she and Atticus came across in their travels had such…offensive aura about them.

Had she not been able to see Cullaica's soul, she would have suspected that Cullaica had created at least one horcrux to strip away his humanity and she mused idly if even a full cleansing and reincarnation could remove the taint.

"What else did you expect?!" Cullaica exclaimed with a faux outraged tone all whilst his expression remained manic and insane. "You were so intent in preventing my courtship dance from taking place!"

Cullaica made a show of throwing up his hands in frustration before looking at her with a gleam in his eyes and magic roiling off of him before he licked his lips and finishing with "How else was I declare my fitness as your soon-to-be mate?"

Akin to a light switch, the atmosphere suddenly changed, her entire being radiating darkness and malice, and just as the atmosphere switched from anticipatory to one of ominous darkness, so did Cullaica act with suddenness as his arms rose, runic symbols on his bracelets slightly aglow, and fired objects from his bracelets.

They were faster than the fastest spells, faster than the amber bullets they fired yet it mattered not for her left hand rose with imperceptive speed.

The objects came to an immediate stop, the runes that were engraved on its surfaces washed away by the heat generated by the instant conversion of speed to zero velocity. Her expression tightened slightly. She could sense that the objects were capable of piercing through her Adamantite armour. She'd have to keep an eye out.

Cullaica's aglow eyes widened incredulously at the act and with a snap, she dissolved the objects into dust as her magic began to seep out of her like serpents wading through the depths of the ocean towards the surface.

Black serpents, black snake-like wisps began to eke out of her form, the air around her turned heavier and heavier just as the range of her magic touching the world grew larger. Her magic ebbed and flowed like the unstoppable tides of the seas, the taste of magic lingering thick in the air. Cullaica got a hold of himself and snarled as his own poisonous dark magic began to rise as he got himself ready into a stance.

"I will enjoy this" she said softly, like a lullaby sung to a child, her black eyes akin to that of twin singularities at the centre of black holes. All consuming. Inescapable.

Killing him would be trivial with the technology and magi-tech they had on hand.

Annihilating particle beams sniped from ten miles away. An orbital strike. Creating a fissure underneath the city that would subsume the city whole with Cullaica.

All she had to do was draw him out long enough for it to happen.

Yet…

None of those kinds of solutions satisfied her.

"You…" she said musingly as a cruel uptick of the corner of her lips formed, the malice and darkness she felt and burbled under her skin unable to contained within her. "…will not."

Cullaica waited no more and the volume of the magic that rose within him was apocalyptic, his cyan magic rippled out of him with a soundless shriek that tore up reality surrounding them.

The tip of Cullaica's wand shone with brightness and power, like the moment the dance between two planetary objects came to a merging end, fizzing and crackling as he unleashed a hail storm of murderous spells.

The ground shook and rumbled as beasts and spears and knives ripped out of the ground towards her and the air sizzled as flames and dark curses that left bodies unidentifiable ate up the distance between them.

She leapt backwards and sideways, her wand brandished methodically across from her body and fashioned a thick cushion of air in front of her stretching for over a hundred metres that took properties of perfect reflective materials.

The deadly spells that raced towards her gonged against the reflective air before being sent back towards Cullaica. Cullaica snarled before he apparated out of the away and disapparated a few metres behind her.

Emily twisted around, dodging the sickly spell, censumosis, she noted, a spell that caused victims to feel as if their bones were on fire, and as she twisted around, her left hand clenched as she swept her hand behind her all whilst her crackling wand was brought to bear towards Cullaica.

A devastating shockwave ripped out of the tip of her wand, a shockwave that tore into their surrounding with the devastation of multi-tonne explosion and took Cullaica off of his feet and flew into the distance towards the buildings like a ragdoll.

The spears and knives and weapons that raced towards her back were shattered into pieces by her sweeping hands before she opened her hand and flicked her fingers upwards, causing the shattered pieces to be turned into unbreakable glass before sending them after Cullaica who was righted himself after a few moments and was floating a metre or so from the ground in the middle of the burnt street.

His breathing was heavy. His chest heaved animatedly like a sponge squeezed and un-squeezed, his aglow mauve eyes wild and insane with fury and hate.

With a wild lash of his wand arm, the unbreakable glass shards were hit with a wave of turbulent magic that disrupted the enchantments, dissolving the shards into molten embers of glass before they flashed like tiny stars out of existence.

She felt his uncontrollable rage through his turbulent magic, a rage that began to turn his surrounding into a noxious miasma. His cyan magic swirling around him like an odious physical blanket woven with silk threads made of physical hate.

The trees around him began to wilt and wither, their leaves blackening and their bark whitening. The grass crumbled into ash and the earth cracked as nurturing life fled from the harmful aura he so effortlessly exuded.

She felt the harm his magic had on the world, the depths of the vileness of his being that permeated through his magic like smoke through warm winds.

In this very moment, he was the very embodiment of Pestilence.

A disease, a plague, that destroyed all that it touched.

Dark magic had a place in the universe. There was no light without darkness. No life without death. It was as natural as neutral or 'light' magic. But this…?

It was beyond dark magic.

It was a twisted abomination spawned from the abyss of hopelessness.

It was fascinating.

Her eyes darkened, the whites in her eyes disappearing into a pool of impossible blackness as a black blue tempest of magic swirled around her that crackled with the weight and ferocity of lightning. Her wand rose.

A few moments passed, the silence that pervaded around them would have been deafening had it not been for the howling whirlwinds of magic that surrounded the pair of them, until Cullaica landed down onto the ground and sped towards her with an explosive speed, shattering the cobbled stones left in his wake.

His trailing wand swept forward, broken pieces of stones were caught by his magic, thinning and sharpening before he disapparated with the pieces of rubble that was caught in his apparation sphere.

She twisted around, her wand arcing around her as air condensed into a shield made out of mist just before the transfigurations clashed against her shield and she disapparated away moments before lighting burnt in the place she once stood.

She reappeared to Cullaica's left and her wand was a blur as she unleashed destructive spell chain after spell chain, the tip of her wand fizzing as she twisted her wrist from one spell into the other.

Cullaica disapparated again and again, letting off curse after curse in each moment's reprieve but she danced out of the way of them, never once faltering to continue on relentlessly with spells that barely gave him half a second of time to apparate away as she latched onto his magical signature the moment he appeared, like a shark catching the scent of blood from miles away.

It appeared to be a cat and mouse game but in reality, she mused as her eyes gleamed and her lips curled into a vicious smile, it was nothing but a serpent stalking its unsuspecting prey.

As the last spell chain left the tip of her wand, she moved and her wand twirled above her head, great arcing electric sphere of magic manifesting itself into existence and she jabbed the tip of her wand into the sphere before she disapparated and closed the gap between herself and Cullaica.

She whipped her wand with the attached electric ball of power forward and a massive thunderous explosion ripped away from her in a blanket of blue white electric fire before she transitioned her wand movement to erect a weak but effective anti-apparation field.

Cullaica tried to apparate into the air but found himself unable to do as the blanket of blue white electric fire fried and burnt all that it touched. He snarled as he scrambled to raise a shield around him and do so in the nick of time.

The electric fire burnt through the homes and buildings of their surroundings, the sounds of crumbling buildings echoed as spidery cracks appeared in his shield and Emily pressed on as she threw dark piercing curses after another at the shield with blinding speed and volume, a dozen piercing curses left her wand every second, forcing him to focus on maintaining the shield rather than give him a window to brute-force the anti-apparation field and disapparate away.

Her blue-black magic began to roil off of like billows of thick smoke down the edge of a cliff as her curses gained in power and in speed. The naked look of frustration and anger on Cullaica's face excited her and her anticipation and interest rose as she waited on what he'd do to get out of the tight spot that he found himself in.

But that was not where it all ended for the well of magic within him bloomed, the light surrounding Cullaica – and Emily – inverted as the haze of his cyan magic blackened and seeped with tendrils of sickly swirling magic.

The earth buckled and shook with an ease that reminded her of fluttering paper and she apparated away, breaking the anti-apparation field and appearing on top of the husk of a building, her eyes gazing down at the madman.

She could have ended this several times already had she so desired but she was interested to see what he was truly capable of. She'd seen the memories of Atticus fighting Grindelwald more times than she could care to count and wanted to know the depths of his legacy, however non-existent his teachings may have been.

Cullaica shot up towards her, the tip of his wand crackling with a black bolt of magic, and the only thought that went through her mind as she whirled her wand above her head was that he was disappointing.

He neither possessed the speed nor the intuitive understanding of magic to even approach Grindelwald level of skill and power, let alone her skill level and power.

She should have pushed Atticus to let her deal with the Obscurus.

Cullaica's snarl drew her back in, a snarl that echoed in the air as he jabbed his wand forward, the black bolt of magic whizzed through the air towards her, a bolt of magic she could sense was necromantic in nature, the eerie sound of the spell whizzing through the air was haunting like the sound of air caught in the bowels of a pipe but she was serene when she twisted her wand arm around.

She brought her wand down the moment before the spell would have hit her and she caught the spell at the tip of her wand and apparated away before Cullaica's follow up curses could strike her and reappeared below Cullaica who was still in flight.

Cullaica felt her before he saw her and unleashed a wave of free-formed magic as he spun around and disapparated away. Emily caught the trace of the disapparation destination and followed him.

Cullaica was ready for her as a white hot fire whip lashed towards her neck but she dispassionately snuffed out the heat of the fire whip with a wave of her left hand before forming her hand into a sword that she slashed diagonally, the air howled as blades of crystalized air rushed towards Cullaica.

Cullaica swept his wand upward and the ground shifted, great slabs of steels rose up one by one like domino pieces in the path of the blades and by one, her blades cut through the slabs of steel like warm knives to butter and Cullaica disapparated once more before reappearing to her right.

Her left hand clenched into a fist and a shockwave rippled through the air, waves of compressed freezing air that reflected Cullaica's spells through sheer density alone.

Cullaica snarled hatefully as he shot forward, jabbing destructive spell after destructive spell at her as he disapparated again and again in an erratic zigzag in a three hundred and sixty degree pattern, and she ducked and weaved her way out effortlessly as she clung onto the black bolt whilst her left hand cast wandless curse after wandless curse.

Cullaica appeared right in front of her, the tip of his wand less than a metre away from her face as the curse ripped towards her, a curse she instinctively understood to be Coepia a dark blasting curse, and she arched her back just enough for her to intimately feel how close she'd let herself be to Cullaica.

Cullaica groaned as a stone pike cast him off of his feet and with smooth motion she twisted around, her left hand aglow with power and she jabbed her left hand forward, hundreds of spears made of ice materialising before her and she launched them towards Cullaica who forced himself to stop and back on his feet but was only fast enough to erect a shield after the first ice spear burnt and cut through his left thigh.

Cullaica snarled in pain and in a hate filled rage and twirled his wand.

His white blue shield twisted into a blood red dome before it condensed into a single point before Cullaica. Emily narrowed her eyes and shifted into a stance as she recognised the power Cullaica poured into the spell, whatever it was.

With a flash Cullaica slashed his wand forward and red point whined as it expanded into a lancing beam with the kind of speed that took Emily aback but she'd been ready and with a scowl she soared into the skies but the lancing beam followed her.

She ducked and weaved out of the spell's path all whilst she flicked and twisted her fingers before she disapparated and returned to the ground where she'd been and swept her left hand upward. The earth cracked and a dozen pillars rumbled out around Cullaica before snaking inwards with tremendous speed heading towards Cullaica forcing him to disapparate and consequently ending the irritating spell.

He apparated to her right side, less than a few feet away from her but her reflexes were beyond him and she felt him reappear milliseconds before the tip of his wand lit up with the intent to unleash a barrage of spells and she swivelled around, the whizzing hum of the black bolt attached to her wand let loose towards Cullaica and moments after she let go, she disapparated away.

Cullaica had sidestepped the necromantic spell, as she expected, and twisted around to face her when she appeared behind him. Cullaica brought his wand to bear, spell after spell spewing in a kaleidoscopic storm of deathly magic.

She weaved her way out of the spells, her left hand batting or reflecting the spells all whilst intermittently sending waves of elemental magic that burnt and froze all around them whilst her wand was in the midst of preparing for her next major attack.

She could sense the unease, the agitation within the depths of his magic about the way, the ease with which she evaded him and dealt with his attacks. The air grew thicker as it became overfilled with their clashing magic, a clash that begun to shear and shake the world around them in earnest as the battle grew in ferocity.

The hues of the world around them, the light of the naked sun that cast upon the city seemed to darken, luminosity and warmth brought down to a low as Cullaica's fury and frustration fuelled his magic to higher heights.

Her spell was reaching its zenith, the slow thrum of her alight wand drew Cullaica's attentions and his spells became more destructive as he reached the end of his patience. Yet for all the destructiveness of his spells, it was without the smoother spell transition that she knew he was capable of as anger crept into his casting.

Emily found a wide opening in this misstep and her hand swept upwards, as if to beckon one forward, the ground beneath Cullaica rumbled but before he could apparate away, a skeleton hand gripped his ankle causing him to falter in his spell-casting.

Emily clenched her left fist and the air cooled dramatically before a trail of explosive ice that could pierce through bone and metal raced towards Cullaica.

Cullaica freed himself and apparated away a second before the first of the ice shards or the explosive ice bombs could reach him and reappeared some feet above the ground to her northwest.

His wand arm descended into a blur creating a host of silver glowing objects that gleamed like stars and teamed with power, and he jabbed his wand forward.

The glowing objects flashed forward with tremendous speed and Emily tapped her feet onto the ground. The ground audibly groaned as every droplet of moisture was drawn out and a geyser of steaming, superheated water erupted beneath her feet and lifted her up into the skies and away from where Cullaica was, opening the distance to several hundred feet.

The glowing objects hit the geyser and shattered it into a million droplets but with a quick wave of the hand and precise control over her environment, the shattered geyser transformed into a smouldering dragon as she rode it towards Cullaica, her hands in motion as she prepared the final piece of her spell.

Her eyes were ablaze akin to twin black holes around an accretion disk made out tempestuous blue black haze of arcane energy, a disk of power, of magic, that was growing and rippling with each beat of the heart that passed, twisting and bending reality ever more so like how gravity and mass bent space and time.

The luminosity and warmth of the sun that had been reduced by the display of their power was now reduced to that of darkness and arctic cold, her magic continuing to unfurl itself further and further casting and forcing the world around them into an extension of her will and power.

The smouldering dragon cracked as steaming hot water froze and hardened into unbreakable ice, roaring deafeningly amidst the haze of arcane energy that shifted the world into her will.

Cullaica snarled almost knowingly as he set upon his hateful aglow mauve eyes on her before apparated away to some distance behind him and he slashed at his hand, blood dripping into the ground before twsting his wand in a series of flicks that she witnessed shape magic into something interesting.

The round rumbled and shook and a massive Cerberus made out of blood and bone rose from the ground, groaning and roaring with a agape maw that showed rows of knifelike teeth that could rip through a beam of steel as it if were made out a string of cheese.

Emily disapparated off of the ice dragon that moments afterwards clashed with the Cerberus and appeared several dozen feet to Cullaica's southeast and Cullaica swivelled around, the tip of his wand a murderous violet hue, a curse at the forefront of his mind but it was too late and the slow widening of his eyes with each millisecond that passed made it clear that he understood the peril of his situation.

She was a rampaging tempest of magic that stretched into the skies, the image of power incarnate, and her hands alight with dark blue power spelled only direness for Cullaica. With a gleam in her aglow black eyes, she brought down her arms.

The dark blue magic that clung onto her hands dissipated into the ground within an instant, and merely a few milliseconds afterwards, the very earth shattered.

Cullaica tried to disapparate but found himself unable to amidst the sounds of stone and tar and concrete crumbling. Whilst apparation was effectively wormhole travel in the classical sense of point to point travel, the medium through which one travelled was through magic itself.

Magic that was accustomed to certain gravity in certain areas. With gravity as foreign as it was now, travelling through apparation now was practically impossible with the dissimilar gravity beyond this area she'd marked out.

Surrounding still standing buildings and broken buildings alike for over a quarter of a mile began to collapsed onto themselves, tree trunks shrieked and snapped under the pressure of their weight just as metal screaked.

Cullaica struggled to stay on his feet, the strength of his magic counteracting the effects of the magic was the only reason why he was not a puddle smeared across the ground with gravity having been increased by a factor of twenty.

The glamour that was on his face was stripped away revealing ghastly scars that made his appearance seem barely that of a human. How fitting.

With a flick of her hand, she crushed the bones in Cullaica's wand arm and ripped his wand from his broken fingers and towards her awaiting hand.
Hmm…she mused.

It was a poor fit but not as bad as she thought it might be.

She eyed the wand curiously. Rigid silkwood. About ten inches in length. The wood was known to grow with the caster though it never stayed true like some wands did.

Blue red flames erupted in her hand and it was only a few moments afterwards that the wand was reduced to ash, leaving behind only a faint string that she recognised was from a dragon.

The rage that she felt drew back her attentions and she saw Cullaica trying to aim his arms towards her but he was failing in getting them higher.

She eyed the titanic battle that was happening between the Cerberus and the ice dragon and with an absent wave of the wand, blades of crystalized ice swept across the broken ground, gouging into the ground before slicing into the blood and bone Cerberus that had been resistant against her ice dragon.

With another wave, she dispelled the ice dragon after it tore off the Cerberus' head from it corpse before she refocused solely on Cullaica.

She began to slowly walk towards Cullaica as if she was unaffected by the supernatural gravity – she was – her eyes boring into the struggling Cullaica who was doing all he could to try and ease the strain of the gravity onto him, straining grunts and angry groans were all that could escape from his lips.

She'd been tiring of the lack of substantial challenge Cullaica presented.

At best, he was only somewhat greater in power and speed than Dembe Habe which was a disappointment. She idly wondered how much better the Obscurus was before she dismissed that thought and raised her wand.

The spell wouldn't last long, only ten minutes at most, but she didn't need that long to break him before she killed him.

Hateful mauve eyes stared at her and she relished at the sight as she extended out her wand whilst casting a silencing spell on him. She began to rise into the air and so did Cullaica as she wrapped his neck with an invisible hand that threatened to choke him to death.

He wouldn't die so easily.

She rose and rose and Cullaica rose and rose just as well.

With a dispassionate flick of the wrist, she sent him flying towards the rubble of buildings, her eyes lazily following his flight path before Cullaica smashed into the rubble with a resounding thud.

With another dispassionate flick, this time upwards, Cullaica rose from within the rubble until she once more flicked her wrist and smashed him into another pile of rubble. This happened again and again.

By the time she'd thrown him eight more times like a ragdoll, painting the streets and buildings with his blood, she stopped and she'd thrown him onto a more even patch of the ruined neighbourhood.

It felt cathartic, she mused to herself as she descended down, the sounds of his ragged and struggling breathing invoked nothing within her as she stared his broken body down. Cullaica was still lucid, that much was clear from the way he stared at her. And his body, though broken, was still fighting the effects of the gravity and in a small way she was impressed by his fortitude and his innate control over his magic.

Perhaps she was a little hasty in her assessment about his skills.

To counteract the gravity like this required substantial focus, focus that should have been broken by now.

She slowly raised the tip of her wand upwards, causing Cullaica's arms to rise up, before she slashed her wand across, a stream of white hot fire searing through his arms and parting Cullaica of his lower arms along bracelets.

A silent scream was etched on his face and she smiled warmly at the sight.

She pulled off the bracelets from the arms and eyed it for a second before crushing it totally. She'd have to let her people know that there may be bracelets around enchanted with that damnable piercing curse. Less than a dozen had died from the curse and that was bad enough as it was. Her people would be able to deal with the speed of the blasted things should it be amongst the remaining Ravenites.

The arms began to orbit in front of Cullaica before she set them on fire and burnt them to a crisp, drawing his attentions once more. Emily looked at him with a trickle of amusement lacing her expression.

A part of her was tempted to speak, to goad him but she knew that any kind of acknowledgement, however negative, of his existence would not hurt him as much as non-acknowledgement would.

She sighed silently before she raised her wand once more, this time the tip of the wand set in between Cullaica's eyes. She raised her left hand in preparation should the pain be enough to cause him to act unpredictably.

"Eradico Mens Mentis" she intoned purposefully loudly as she extended out tendrils of her Legillimency probe into his mind. Cullaica's scarred face contorted, as much as it could, under the pain which seem like a thousand knifes sinking into his skull.

The curse, a mental curse that effectively supercharged Legillimency probes and wrecked Occlumency shields, was known to be enough to drive men into insanity.

It was why, should anyone know of the curse in the first place, it was hardly used. After all, no one who employed Legillimency in the first place would want the mind they wanted to plunder to be so…damaged. Not initially.

Unfortunately for Cullaica, she had little need to plunder his mind. No, what she wanted was for his mind to be as open as it could be.

She ceased the spell after she felt the last of his shields break before she cast another, a spell that bore similarities to Preastigiae Cara, a nightmare curse that created illusions but one she modified to create illusions of the worst kind.

Illusions of those that were cherished the most twisted into nightmares that fed on the worst experiences and the worst fears.

Cullaica's eyes rolled back into the back of his head and she quickly lessened some of the gravity around him as she felt his magic waver and falter. It wouldn't do for Culliaca to be crushed to death before it was his time.

She watched as her surroundings began to shift, the illusion becoming more tangible as it leeched off of Cullaica's magic, altering the world around them.

She watched and listened as the illusions played out and Emily grimaced slightly.

She knew objectively that the illusions were manifestations of perception, not necessarily true occurrences yet what she was seeing…

Illusions of Cullaica's mother torturing his siblings before him, his father slicing his own face off, illusions that only touched very surface of the depravity she was witness to, it was enough for her to spark a glimmer of sympathy for Cullaica…Pierre.

He never had a chance, she mused as she watched Pierre and his younger sister feast on the corpse of their mother whilst his elder brother whispered into Pierre's ears that he'd should let his sister have more so that she'd fatten up.

Whether or not it happened didn't matter, perhaps it wasn't his mother he ate or perhaps he resisted eating human flesh completely, only that it was within his psyche did.

When she decided to end the illusions, the gravity enchantment had long since dissipated. Cullaica's breathing was still haggard but it was weaker. His expression was fixed into a horror struck contortion that she could barely make out with all the scars that ran across his face and his magic was erratic but weak.

He didn't have long left now.

She tapped onto her com connecting her to the commander. "I will be shortly finishing up here. Are we ready to clean the mess up?"

"Yes, Your Majesty. Support has arrived and everything is according to plan."

Emily smiled grimly at that. Well over two thousand mages would work together to memory-charm the mundanes. Not only to forget what had happened today but also to account for the deaths that occurred.

They'd only know that a series of attacks had occurred today. It was not an accident that Trieste was chosen as the place where she'd put down Cullaica.

Italy was gripped with social turmoil, political violence and upheaval. The Red Bridage, a far-left group, would be blamed for the murder of tens of thousands. They'd already done some of the legwork by memory-charming their leadership into thinking they were ones who planned to set entire buildings on fire, to collapse a football stadium and a host of other attacks.

"Good. Begin in five minutes." Emily stated before she cut off the comms.

Emily turned her gaze back at Cullaica and eyed him thoughtfully for a long few moments before she waved her wand. Symbols flew from the tip of her wand before they settled down around Cullaica.

She was curious now, to watch one such as Cullaica, as twisted and broken as he was, grow anew in a new body with new parents in a nurturing environment however tempted she'd been before to deny him reincarnation.

From what Atticus told her should she choose to grant Cullaica reincarnation, he'd be nothing like who'd been in this life, before or after his time at the internment.

Perhaps she'd understand better how it was possible for a soul, essence to heal. It was clear that the experiences that Cullaica accrued that stained and shattered his soul would become irrelevant the moment all of it was wiped away.

Did that mean nothing truly mattered what they did here, in the physical plane? That actions and consequences were nothing more than what one carried with them should their time on the physical plane end?

She raised both of her hands, and began to glow with a dull off-white hue. Cullaica may have posed little challenge to her but he'd provided her with another one regardless. He would not know it but he'd serve her well in his new existence.

The runes that surrounded Cullaica became alight with the same dull off-white glow as that of her hands. She let go of her breath and her magic lessened ever so slightly as she watched the world around her become a kaleidoscope of colour.

Strands of magic invaded her sight, strands of magic that emanated from the runes and were bound to her magic along with the currents of magic that began to settle in the world around her.

She saw Cullaica's soul clearly now, a blackened soul that was lacerated with cuts that looked like the cuts he bore on his face. She didn't have Atticus' instinctive to see souls but she'd developed it with time.

She pressed an indentation at the side of her armour and a small crystal flew out from the spacially expanded pocket as magic around Cullaica grew thicker and thicker as the ritual gathered in strength and virility.

Cullaica's soul began to unthread itself from his body, magic of the ritual tearing his soul from his body with every second that passed and it was soon enough time for her to act. She slowly brought her hands closer as the ritual crawled to its zenith.

When it did reach the zenith, she clapped her hands, and an explosion of magic rippled and bound itself to the interplay of complex magic at the centre of the ritual.

Emily acted quickly, her hands moving in intricate motions, motions that punctured a hole in the fabric of the physical reality before she snatched Cullaica's black soul and pushed it into the Astral Plane before once more moving her hands with another series of motions that wrapped the black soul with laces made out of off-white magical energy and with some effort, she began to pull.

Pulling at the experiences interwoven within the soul, pulling at the identity that rested within the inner of the soul and the black soul writhed as the laces began to pulse with increasing speed.

The soul seemed as if it was being strangled as the off-white laces grew in size and in strength and it wasn't longer afterwards that black streaks began to coat the off-white hue of the laces, streaks that soon afterwards seemed to steam off of the laces like individual strands of spider silk caught in a summer's breeze.

This process took the longest and black oil like globules hanged around aimlessly around the laced soul that was now almost pure white.

With an exhale she pulled the soul out of the Astral Plane and depositing the soul into the crystal before returning her attentions towards the Astral Plane.

She pulled the muck out as well before eying it curiously. All that Cullaica was and had been, was now nothing more than a collection of 'ecto-plasm goop' as Atticus liked to describe. She waved dismissively at it and vanished it out of existence.

The runes began to die out though the magic of the ritual still lingered and would linger for some time. She paid no more attention to it and turned towards the crystal that floated in front of her which she studied with an intense gaze.

She plucked it out of the air and rested it in the palm of her hand, her eyes never wavering away from the essence that the crystal contained.

Creating new life was not difficult.

Her skill in flesh-crafting was likely only somewhat below the greatest of the Atlantean flesh-crafters themselves, those geniuses who created the likes of Phoenixes and such, and she'd created plenty of new lifeforms over the course of the past twenty years. Some successful and useful, like the Seelie and the Panthera Gryspelaeus – a species of winged lion – but most…?

Most of them were bitter disappointment. Even her two most successful creations lacked the one thing she hungered to create. The ability to use magic.

They always missed something.

No amount of DNA tinkering, no amount of cloning could produce a viable truly magical creature…or person. Magic, it seemed, needed more than just a biological component. It needed the Trinity…the mind, the body and the soul.

And within this crystal, she mused, was that last component that her creatures needed and what she and Atticus failed to recreate within them or the clones.

And even as she observed it exit Cullaica's body and was cleansed within the Astral Plane, she still did not know how to even approach the creation of such an essence.

What was it that made souls so special?

Especially magical souls?

Was it because they could perceive more? Understand more?

Or was it something else entirely, something unknown or maybe it was just a fluke hardwired into the universe that required the combination of mind – consciousness, body – life, and the soul – spirituality before reality would allow itself to be manipulated.

It aggravated her that she was no closer now than she was a couple of decades before.

If only she cou-

The sound of activity in the distance broke her musings and she sighed slightly as she realised that it was time to clean the place up just as it was soon time for Europe to be cleaned up completely.

With Cullaica's death, there were only a few more dominos standing. Italy was already all but freed for the most part and so were the majority of European Ministries.

The crystal began to float again before she placed it within the spatially expanded pocket. She looked up and saw the lithe ships fitted with enchantment arrays beginning to restore most of the city. The damage Fiendfyre caused was substantial and thus the repairs needed to be more a little more creative than simply Reparo or the like.

Had it not been for the deaths that the cursed fire caused – along with more than a few deaths their battle caused to those lucky enough to escape the flames but not the collapsing buildings – they wouldn't have needed to fake the terrorist attacks.

Still…

A faint gleam grew in her eyes as she began to levitate.

There would be traces left behind for anyone who was looking to find proof.

The mundanes were paranoid and the world was on edge and on the precipice of nuclear war. With that paranoia came technologies employed by militaries and governments that spanned the world…like satellites that orbited the world.

One of the American KH-9 Hexagon satellites had captured the city aflame and from that spark, it would lead them towards a rabbit hole that ripped away the blinders.

And that, she thought to herself with growing satisfaction, was a day she could hardly wait for.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira, StormFalcon7 and 74 others
mosefboombox117
Sep 18, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 30 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Oct 4, 2023
Add bookmark
#384
Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst at least the next three chapters after it are available on Patreon
Chapter 30

15th​ of November, 1972 – Illos, Office of Intelligence

Parelius Parkinson POV

Parelius looked on dispassionately at the sight before him as he stood at the top of the oval viewing room, his arms behind his back.

Before him were three floors with three rows of operators sitting in front of screens whilst at the back of the room, there were eleven large Holos that focused on different regions of the world, each of them marking out a number of pale red dots on real-time maps that were getting ever closer to the ground.

The large room that was over fifty metres from the widest points was almost quiet, the sounds of operators communicating with one another across the Comms the only disruptive sound as the maps began to resemble more like top view pictures of forests and mountains and cities.

"Sir, the drones are ETA seven minutes from position." One of the operators stated.

There were only three drones per site, totalling thirty three drones, yet their small numbers were enough to cripple and topple entire muggle nations, even the so called superpowers of the muggle world.

The drones, built and created here on Illos using a combination of Ancient Humanity technology and magi-tech, were equipped with low energy particle beams that could run hotter than Fiendfyre and was focused into a half inch diameter beam and could fire with mystifying accuracy from leagues away.

It could cut through several inch thick plates of steel in seconds, even titanium and, with enough time, through Adamantite itself.

A deadly silent weapon – its momentum engines glided through the air – that could kill anyone and everything and yet it was also a weapon that Parelius knew was at the very low end of what the Ancient Humans had created in the name of war.

Parelius didn't acknowledge the confirmation and only continued to study the maps as the pale red dots grew larger and closer to the central place of the Holos.

Minutes later, the Holos shifted spectrums and before them, on every single main Holo, all eleven Holos, there were hundreds or thousands of heat signatures in the bowels of ancient forts and castles.

The noise within the room was stifled to death at the sight of the almost ten thousand.

For some, the significance of what was happening finally dawned on them. For others, it was impatience to rid of the infestations that had lasted for generations.

But all understood the gravity of the power they wielded.

"Switch to manual." Parelius ordered and one by one, thirty three screens before their operators switched to the cameras installed on the drones.

Holographic control systems flared to life in front of the operators too, whilst another screen beside the main viewing screen noted the locations of every infestation.

The drones had been launched from Illos at the commencement of the operation and set to autopilot, controlled by the central quantum magi-com which effectively was Illos itself with how integrated it was to the sentience that was the country-ship.

Parelius descended down the steps to the second floor of rows and stood behind one of the operators who was commanding one of three drones present in Transylvania.

He peered down to the screen and came to see a looming dreary castle from on high as the drone hovered nearby a window paned with ancient glass before he looked back towards the large Holos, each of them centred nearby the abodes of creatures.

"Begin."

He intoned, a word, his word, that dominated the room like no other and as the last traces of his voice tuned into nothingness, like the sound of the spark of a fuse burning through its lint dying as it approached the chamber of a volatile mixture of explosive potion, what came next was equal in volatility as the room sparked to life.

Pale red dots moved into the castles and forts and mansions, streaks of white hot lines against a back drop of black shone on the Holos, piercing and striking against muted blobs of white that were made ever whiter by the streaks.

Again and again this happened, no matter how fast the muted blobs of white moved and reacted, their fate was as equal as those who'd been caught unawares.

Death and more death. Or as they liked to call it…True Death.

As seconds turned into minutes, some of the muted blobs realised their dire situation and tried to escape but none would as there was nowhere for them to hide, even most the muggles for their heat signature was substantially different and at night, as it was in most of the Old World, there were hardly any peoples in large enough crowds for them to disappear into.

It was only eighteen minutes later that the operation was over.

"Commander Cantona." Parelius called out, the intuitive magi-technological nature of the room immediately understanding his intent and connected him – and his subordinates – to the woman. "It's all clear." Parelius said to Cantona.

"Sir." Cantona acknowledged before he heard her connecting to the other ten squadrons nearby the cleared out abodes and giving the order to clean up. The Holos soon switched to the cameras of respective squadron leaders for each assigned site.

Orbs of light illuminated the dark hallways or passageways as his men and women walked through them, the faint haze of smoke and glow of burnt through stone walls a familiar sight.

His gaze flickered towards one of the Holos where one of the agents picked up a sliced through head by the long hair. The agent lifted the head, its mouth agape and its desiccated face permanently set in painful grimace, and its white teeth with two sharp incisors gleamed beneath the light of the orbs.

The sight brought him grim satisfaction though not an ounce of it showed on his face and instead called out to the squadron leaders to wrap it up as soon as possible.

There were human blood bags in the dungeons in every nest and his people were to fix them up, if they could be fixed up, before obliviating them and destroying every building. There were still well over a hundred other little Vampire hideouts throughout Europe, Asia and Africa that needed to be destroyed, after all, and they knew where most of them were.

Undoubtedly however, this was a good operation.

The extermination of the oldest and most powerful covens that headed up the Elder Council could be called nothing short of good. Six hundred years the Elder Council plagued the magical world.

And within eighteen minutes, they were no more.

Parelius mused to himself about the ruthlessness of history and how fickle legacy truly was, even if the creatures understood only the base idea of legacy given that they were soulless creatures with behaviours worse than that of psychopaths.

Hmm…yes, it was good that they were initiating the eradication of the entire species.

It would bring to an end over a millennium of a cold war with the species and six hundred years of tenuous relations with the Elder Council that the wizarding world neither liked or wanted but had to compromise and accept lest it lead to a war that could devastate both sides grievously, a war that should it have ever become total, was not at all certain that the wizarding world could win outright, no matter what anyone would delude themselves into thinking.

Their speed and their strength and their retained mental faculties made them a dangerous species that, coupled with their inhumanity and ability to infect entire villages and towns within a single night should they so choose, would make it extremely difficult to exterminate completely.

It was a miracle, Parelius mused, that the Vampires disliked procreating beyond a certain number anyway as he was sure that had they utilised that timelessness they were cursed with, the Vampires could have easily overrun both worlds.

He supposed that it likely was an effect of being the apex predators that they were.

In any case, when the Statute was erected, the majority of Ministries paid a blind eye to the Vampires in their territories in return for their collaboration and adherence to the Statute that the ancient Vampire Drakul had agreed to on behalf of his species.

Hunting grounds were marked out, rules of how and where they could hunt agreed and for two hundred years, those rules had been agreed to.

Ever since then, until the involvement of the Drakul Coven and its allies in the Grindelwald war, wizarding-vampire relations were nearly non-existent beyond the few peripheral covens that involved themselves with Dark Lords in return for power.

Until almost decade ago when all of the treaties were rendered asunder.

Until the Elder Council threw in their hats with the Ravenites in return for absolving of the rules that they'd adhered to for centuries. A consequence that had seen reporting of mysterious disappearances in Europe and Asia, though to a much lesser extent, skyrocket to frightening levels.

So much so that it helped create an aura of tension and fear that chewed on the fragile peace that already was teetering on ruin in the mundane world.

None of the mundanes, or their governments even if the suppressed the disappearances as much as possible, knew who was making people disappear for there were no patterns…no discernible connections that connected the victims. It was as if anyone, at any time, could disappear and that created a fear all of its own.

The King had said that, in time, it would have led to the main avenues for the mundanes to investigate and it would have been the contributing factor for the fraying of the Statute. As it was, their sooner-than-expected intervention would make it simmer away and the mystery forgotten for decades to come.

Parelius and his operators watched as each of the strongholds were burnt down or imploded into itself, forever removing centuries long evidence of vampires.

"Sir. Mission is complete. Permission to immediately hunt down the smaller covens and strongholds in the surrounding areas?" Cantona requested.

The Vampires hadn't completely lost their connection as former humans and similarly created satellite communities around the most powerful covens, like how mundanes and wizards would create villages around important centres of society.

Parelius narrowed his eyes slightly at the brazen request.

It was always the plan to hunt down the Vampires but with the very clear message from the Far-Seers that it was quite likely that Cullaica's artefacts were amongst the Vampires, the powerful piercing curse enchantments layered onto items like guns or bracelets and so on, he'd been…cautious not to allow his agents to go into situations without there being certainty that the threat of death was minimal.

It was why he, the Monarchs and the High Council decided to carry out the bulk of destruction via the drones instead, a good decision it turned out as there were certainly a number of enchanted artefacts at each site.

He could refuse but he knew Cantona of her…unique perspective well enough that she'd take the refusal personally even if she'd unfailingly obey. Very well, he decided. He'd grant the boon.

"Granted." Parelius stated after a moment's pause before he glanced backward towards the observatory at the top where Cato was. Cato saw him look and nodded before retreating away.

It was unlikely, he calculated, the smaller, weaker concentration of younger Vampires would have been granted weapons that could pose a threat even to Coven Elders.

Even if they did, somehow, possess enchanted weapons that could pierce through the armours, his agents were competent enough to deal with the problems with minimal injury. He'd not lost an agent in his tenure and everyone knew that he'd resurrect them if only to chastise them for the blemish on his record.

He'd left the room not long after and settled into his office where he'd begun to review the next missions that were to begin, like the missions of sweeping up the hiding Ravenites that Cullaica embedded all across Europe or the missions to encourage influential members of more isolated Ministries of Magic to sign up the coming Federation, a far more aggressive policy than had been the original plan.

The King had not explained what initiated his…change in behaviour and the sudden movement to action but he could read between the lines that it was certainly something to do with his…unique foresight.

Hmm…He'd not pressed to learn what he'd experienced…out there. He was quite certain that he'd only get shallow answers that would not satisfy him so it was best to let it go.

Besides, there was much to be done anyway instead of consuming oneself about the sudden change in direction and reduced timescales, especially with the importance that the King and Queen had placed on the Milanese Trials.

'A fact finding mission to begin an era of true cooperation' the King had said.

Parelius knew when the King had said that, that it was intended to be much more than that. After all, the Ravenites were the direct product of the former war, a continuation of a cycle of violence that the trials were meant to throw in the faces of the entire magical world.

Fear and realisation would be the primary reactions along with recognition of the need a true concerted effort to prevent another tragedy like the Raven and Cullaica and what better way than for the Federation to be the medium to drive that effort?

It was hours afterwards, at the brink of dawn, that his door opened. He glanced upward slightly and saw Cato stepping in. "Sir." Cato greeted.

"Cato." Parelius acknowledged but there was a note of question in his voice.

"Just wanted to let you know that most of Europe and North Africa have been cleared of Vampires." Cato said plainly as the dark-haired man sat into the opposing seat.

Parelius placed his holo-tablet and looked at the young man fully.

Cato added with a faint grin "Even Casablanca" he said with a proud lilt to his voice.

Casablanca had a significant infection of Vampires, one that was strangely different to how Vampires typically banded together. Almost forty multi-century Vampires ruled the city from the shadows, promising immortality to highly placed Mundanes in exchange for almost completely free choice of whom they could feed on.

With such close proximity and collaboration with the Mundanes, these Vampires were also more…modern when it came to the understanding of the mundane world.

Hearing that the mission to wipe them out went perfectly was satisfying.

Parelius nodded slightly.

"What holdouts remain?" he asked his protégé.

"The Arctic Belt Vampires. Istanbul. A few more communities in the East and in the Near East." Cato answered before leaning back and checking the time.

"Cantona and the other commanders are apprised of them."

Parelius hummed. "She'll hunt them down before returning."

Cato looked up to him and inclined his head though his expression was one of amusement. Amusement of how predictable she was when it came to things related to Vampires.

'Pathologically hateful' Cato once described her when it came to Vampires.

"Are you ready to handle New World Vampires next?" Parelius calmly asked.

There were a few Vampire covens that left the Old World during the age of colonisation, most of the immigration happening in the 17th​ century.

Whilst the Magical world was aware of other magical communities across the Pond, the details were scarcely available to the wider public. Only the nobility had much information back then since they were heavily entwined with the muggle nobility and Kings in some fashion or another.

The Blacks were a prime example.

He wasn't sure how the Vampires had gotten hold of the information, it was clear that the first wave of migration of Vampires had happened because of the information leaked by the magical nobility.

Information that spoke of mages that still used staves and other foci that did not have the precision nor the spell repertoire that Roman influenced Europe and Africa had access to.

Of course, that didn't mean that the Aztec mages or the Incan mages or the other Native American mages were weak. Something the Vampires had discovered all on their own in time.

Still, the Vampires had more or less thrived in those environments and now there were several dozen major and minor covens that dotted the New World.

With the mess the Mundane side of the world was, the Statute was hardly ever threatened in those countries. Ministries and other such organisations of magical peoples turned a blind eye to the affairs of Vampires and as such, what was known about the Vampiric community in Central and Southern America was minimal.

Cato lost his smile and seriousness overtook him. "I am sir and I have picked the agents for it." Cato paused as he eyed Parelius cautiously. "South and Central America will be challenging but easy enough, all things considered. MACUSA however…"

Hmm. An irritation that they'd purposefully left last to deal with.

Whilst MACUSA was far from a pro-Vampiric nation, they did have relatively decent relations with the Vampire crowd there. It did help that the Native American Shifters hated the creatures with a passion and went out of their way to control the population any time they were given leave …or if they trespassed on their lands.

Nevertheless, the Americans would not look kindly on committing 'genocide' on their lands and naturally would be a stumbling block in coaxing the stubborn country into falling into line.

The problem was…should those American covens discover the annihilation of their brethren too soon, it could kick off unpleasant series of events that would make things more…difficult and messy.

A beep on Cato's magi-com bracelet brought him back to the present and he eyed it momentarily before he answered.

"Go see the Far-Seers and get their advice." Parelius said to Cato.

They were operating on a rough plan, most of the time, received from the King and the Far-Seers. They'd go to them at times to seek best course of action whilst at times they'd get orders or suggestions of what they should do. The entwining of Divination and the Office of Intelligence was almost symbiotic at this stage.

Cato's expression morphed into a state of blankness before he nodded gently.

"Of course sir." Cato answered dutifully.

Parelius ignored the disappointing flaw in his protégé and eyed the bracelet.

Cato caught the look and raised it. "The morning news." Cato explained before adding "I set a reminder to watch it. After all, it'll be a pretty good one." Cato said as he flicked at his bracelet and a holo popped up before floating towards Parelius' right.

Parelius didn't speak out but did lean back in his chair. He did forget that the news of Cullaica's defeat would make it on this morning's news.

Normally, he wouldn't have bothered but with the segment of interviewing people on their way to work was admittedly a captivating part of the news.

It was a pulse, of a sort, on the perception of the public of what was happening and he was curious to see how much of an impact the Queen defeating Cullaica would mean to the people of Illos.

The opening theme music and the news logo faded away and revealed the sight of O'Hara, a rather beautiful auburn haired woman, and Syracuse, a dark skinned young man who was a rising star from what he'd seen reported within the news organisation.

The banner of breaking news was splashed across the front of the desk.

"Good Morning.

[LOH] I am Lara O'Hara.

[BS] I am Brian Syracuse and this is the morning IBC One World Service News.

[LOH] The war against the Ravenites has reached a momentous point on the 14th​ of November with the defeat of Cullaica at hands of her Majesty, the Queen.

[BS] This comes after a gruelling chase after the infamous Dark Lord and his followers across Mundane Europe as they sought burn down cities…"

The next few minutes were merely further recap of the Morning War – a term coined by the Daily Prophet editor-in-chief since the war was looking to be one of the shortest in history – along with commentary about the close calls of the Statute of Secrecy before the meat of the news.

Commuters and random bystanders were interviewed and informed about the victory the Queen won for Illos, and satisfaction and cheer were universal amongst the sleepy morning travellers.

"It almost makes my cold heart melt." Cato amusingly enthused over one of the interviews. "Nationalistic cheer about defeating the villain and stopping a irreversible breach in the Statute of Secrecy will do that I suppose."

Parelius levelled a look to his protégé and the young man met it readily even as he held up his hands in defeat. The young man tended to get too comfortable around him at times and made little flavourless jibes and remarks that didn't need to be voiced out.

It was more or less an open secret within the upper echelons of the OI that the High Council were gearing up to increase pressure on the Magical World when it came to the Statute of Secrecy. There were exactly two mission ongoing at present to do exactly this as well and in time, this would undoubtedly increase with what the King and Queen disclosed to him.

He could easily cut the irritating quality out of the boy but oddly he liked this side of his protégé…unfortunately.

Parelius sighed silently before he waved his hand at the Holo, ending the display before levelling another look at the young man. He slid the Holo-tablet forward towards him and Cato looked on curiously for a second before picking it up.

"A little side assignment." Parelius told the young man.

Cato glanced at him momentarily with a knowing look in his eyes before he started to read it. Parelius leaned back in his chair and watched the young man who was getting ever more engrossed in the document.

Cato whistled. "A little side assignment?" Cato said wryly as he looked at Parelius.

"If you think you can't juggle it with the infestation…"

Cato raised his eyebrow before flatly answering "I'll manage" he said as he raised the tablet slightly and Parelius nodded his assent for the boy to take it with him.

"Good." Parelius said before picking up another tablet by his side and began to read once more, picking up where he'd left behind, dismissing Cato without another word. Cato understood the act for what it was and stood up.

"Sir." Cato said with a nod before leaving Parelius once more to his lonesome.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

16th​ of November, 1972 – MACUSA

Spencer Greenrake POV

He threw the report onto the desk, though the heaviness of the report made by the attache of aurors he'd sent to France to observe proved difficult to fully pull his gaze away from.

Somehow though, he managed and coolly looked up and stared at his cabinet staff.

"How is it that we continue to be caught off-guard?" Spencer said in a forced calm.

In a month alone, the Illosians managed to sweep across Asia and Europe with a tenacity and efficiency that was unheard of and systematically disbanded the Ravenite tyrannical and frankly evil organisation with ruthless drive.

He'd actually say that it was commendable if it weren't for the fact that it utterly highlighted the dangerous competency of the Illosians that was changing the very rules of the magical world.

And if the reports were right, they were doing it with minimal casualties.

On both sides.

'When haven't they changed the rules of the game?' Spencer thought mirthlessly as images of magi-tech and country-ships and journeys through the void passed through the forefront of his mind, all things that MACUSA could only create cheap knockoffs of.

He forcefully shook away those thoughts and returned to the problem at hand.

The Ravenites had built up a force of thousands, a force, an army that was larger than Grindelwald's had been at the height of his power and that war took over three years to end when it did begin…officially.

Europe was all but under their tyrannical grip with only a few beacons of hope.

China had been overwhelmed and subjugated.

The ICW, even if they were a shadow of what they once were, were all but shattered and he'd needed to send volunteers to fight with their remaining forces lest Alexandria be completely lost. Had it not been for Dembe Habe's involvement, he might have well been forced to fully intervene in the war against the Ravenites.

He'd known it would have been inevitable. The volunteers he'd sent after gaining so many concessions were always only to be prelude. MACUSA was not blind to the kinds of monsters the Ravenites were. No…

Peace…with the likes of the Ravenites was a pipedream, regardless of the Ravenites abidance of the Statute of Secrecy that most Ministries around the world clung on as a reason for avoiding the evil that was the Ravenites, but he'd hoped that when it did come, it would come with the involvement of the Grand Alliance who'd been deathly silent on the problem of the Ravenites…until they weren't.

Well, mostly one of them.

He leaned back in his chair and let off a silent sigh as his staff looked at each other like the imbeciles that they were. Merlin, why did he have to appoint such lickspittles? Right. Because Illos wasn't the only place where the reach of the Sayres was. He shook his head internally. "Well?" he demanded gruffly.

"Sir...the only explanation we have is that their…King" Emmett Muldrew said carefully before continuing "is using his talents to win the war quickly."

Spencer gave his Head of the Defence department an acidic glare. "It's not him personally that has been steamrolling through the Ravenites, now is it?"

Even if the Sayre King could See everything to that devastating level and accuracy – and wasn't that idea peachy? – he is but one man, however Merlin-esque he was.

MACUSA had long accepted that facet about the man and short of kidnapping the American Sayres and their descendants and squeezing out how in Merlin's name he does it, something not even their own Masters of the Divination Arts and Unspeakables can figure out, there was little they could do about his Sight.

And no one needed to spell it out how much of a bad idea such an act would be.

No, what concerned him was the number of troops Illos had and how well they operated as a unit and how they were equipped. It was almost No-Maj like, the way they operated and fought the war. He'd seen older pictures of their armour during the ICW Stand-Off back in the early fifties but it was clear that they made a number of improvements over the decades.

For Merlin's sake, they could fly unaided! As if it wasn't bad enough that the Illosians were leaders in the development of flying crafts but now their army weren't constrained to the ground?

He sighed as he washed his hand across his face. Really, he wasn't at all displeased that Illos brought down its strength against the Ravenites.

If anything, he was relieved.

He'd fought in the Grindelwald war. In the Ukraine, Russia and in Austria.

He hadn't been at the Western Front where Grindelwald had been but the Eastern Front had been hell on Earth for much of it. He'd lost friends in that damned war and he still sported dull aches from long-healed wounds that would be with him for the rest of his life. His expression darkened slightly at the remembrance of it all.

He had no wish to subject any more good American wizards and witches to such a devastating war…especially when they were right up against it with two Archmages!

And no damned war with even one of them amongst the enemy could be won without having one of their own. History had told him that. So did experience. He'd heard the stories from the men that had been there when Grindelwald and Sayre had fought.

The way their voices were filled with awe and fear…

He shook his head internally. No, he was relieved that Illos and the Sayres were involved and at least one of the leading evil bastards was dead and the other one would soon enough be as well if he wasn't already. Hopefully painfully too.

Still, however relieved he was that MACUSA didn't need to get involved, he was almost equally dreading the way it was being won.

That Illos was strong…no one had any doubts or delusions about that. With the Sayres leading their people and the capable people they surrounded themselves with, nothing else could have been expected.

But it mattered how much stronger they really were. He had little doubt that what they'd observed thus far was far from their full capacity to war.

Their population was almost on par with MACUSA now and magi-tech was as embraced as it was in Illos but, as much as he hated to admit it, he feared that was really where the similarities ended…where the friendly rivalry ended.

He'd never been to Illos but his aides and ambassadors have been and he'd seen the images of their gleaming city and read the reports of their society.

And so had the rest of the magical world and it was doubtless that it was all very much very genuine. A practical Atlantis in the skies and Aziza and Ame-No-Ukihashi were much the same. In all three country-ships, the development and the freedom their people had was beyond anything MACUSA had the privilege to experience and many other magical nations of the world were much the same.

And it reflected in the soft power that Illos used. Their magi-tech, their ideals and their very culture was more and more adopted by the rest of the world.

And so were the American public.

The friendly rivalry that MACUSA carefully seeped into the public was the major dam that prevented the public of speaking Illosian Latin as a second language.

…An exaggeration perhaps but the trend was leading towards it.

It was why accomplishments such as MACUSA reaching the moon was so important. An accomplishment such as that which made his and his colleagues' work all the much easier in stemming the dominating influence Illos and their Grand Alliance had on his country.

But he wondered...with the war being won in the way it was being won, with overwhelming might? Spencer knew very well that the soft power they possessed now would skyrocket.

Especially with Queen Emily personally defeating Cullaica, a very real bogeyman that scared people more than Grindelwald ever did with his revolutionary radicalism.

When, not if, Spencer assessed grimly, King Atticus Sayre defeats the Raven, a second Dark Lord that no one in history could claim to have accomplished, their leadership will be beyond questionable for many people across Europe and most probably across vast swathes across the magical world.

Economic ties was one thing. Addicting cultural inventions and trends, another.

But a moral victory like this?

Their many years long silence on the ICW pleas will be forgotten in the haze of exhilaration. As would the point about the blind eye they turned to the suffering of those under Ravenite control. And he doubted it would win him many supporters if he tried to highlight all of that.

"No sir." Muldrew said subdued and with a grimace as he rubbed at his forehead.

Spencer turned towards his Chief Unspeakable with a question in his face, one that Lionel Picquery understood. He'd invited the man to this meeting just so he'd could answer questions like this. "From what we're able to surmise, the magical armour they utilise is enchanted similar to how the Old Families on the continent used to enchant their golems." Picquery paused. "Of course, that is where the similarities end. It is clear that they've further made significant leaps in developing magi-tech."

"You mean to imply that the individual skill of the wizard or witch is unimportant?" Spencer questioned with a frown as he thought it over.

Picquery nodding slightly. "We believe that the armour enhances reaction time of the user and with that enhancement, compensates for individual…weaknesses."

Spencer thinned his lips.

Such armour would be a game changer. As much as personal skill and strength in magic was important, speed and reaction time was far more important. What did power mean if you could never pin your opponent? Or skill if your opponent could simply fly away or dodge inhumanely fast?

"Of course" Picquery continued as he placed his hands into his lap. "It is not the only…characteristics we've observed the armour to have. Beyond flight."

"I expect a report within forty-eight hours." Spencer said with a fixed look.

If they could replicate the armour, it could just very well be something that

Picquery inclined his head. "You'll have it within the day, Mr President."

Spencer scoffed internally. No doubt the damn clever bastards were already working on something similar. Would be just like them to have a prototype ready without informing him.

After the meeting with his cabinet staff ended, he was left alone with his Vice President, James Greenleaf who brought him a glass of '19 Firewhiskey.

He almost swiped the glass from the man's hands and drank it like a man parched.

"Spencer" James called out and Spencer closed his eyes momentarily before reopening and meeting the gaze of his Vice-President with an icy look.

Neither of them said anything for a few moments before Spencer sighed and slumped in his chair. "I know, I know" he said tiredly with a wave of the hand.

He looked down at his glass that he allowed to swirl in his hands, a swirling of liquids that matched the swirls of his thoughts within his tired brain.

"It's time." Spencer said with a grim smile when he looked up to James who matched his grim smile. James was a veteran politician, a man who served as a Senator for over five decades and lived for over ten decades.

He'd won his Presidency almost as much because of James as because of himself and his mandate to office. A mandate that spoke of competing and outdoing the Illosians. If there was one thing the No-Majs and wizards had in common, it was national pride.

But it was no longer worth it anymore. To stand alone against the tsunami that they could foresee hitting the magical world with the ICW destroyed as it was.

"I wonder if our successors will forgive us for it." Spencer mused out as he drank another finger of his drink. Merlin, was it good, he thought blissfully.

"I doubt they'll care overly much." James answered calmly and Spencer turned to look to the man. James expanded "Emily Rappaport left a huge legacy, one that still affects to this day and we work around it."

"So it will become merely a fact of life that we toe the line to the will of Illos?" Spencer said dryly and not without a faint amount of bitterness.

"The offer the Grand Alliance has given us hardly makes us a vassal state." James said reproachfully. Spencer grumbled before he drank another finger.

The Grand Alliance offered to create a country-ship for MACUSA, one that was larger than New York itself and would be on par on size with Aziza.

Which could millions of homes and leave plenty of nature reserves to spare!

Try as they might, they'd not been able to replicate the kinds of magic that lift a significant portion of a landmass into the air, let alone sustaining it or even flying it.

Oh, they'd made success over the years, naturally, but managing to lift and sustain tonnes of mass proved to be hugely demanding on the wardstones.

To lift even a small town would require a matrix of five foot 144 wardstones and the slightest disruption in the links between the wardstones would cause catastrophic failure. Too expensive. Too risky. Too little benefit.

"No but it spells the end of MACUSA as an independent entity." Spencer stated.

James acknowledged the point with an incline of the head.

A few weeks ago, the Grand Alliance offered to make MACUSA a country-ship and in return would require his country to integrate into the web of alliances that the Grand Alliance has created which Illos would remain a leading nation of.

With how deep economic ties were with the Grand Alliance, especially with the alchemic resources Illos provided to MACUSA, refusing was becoming a difficult prospect, especially since on paper it looked like it would only be positives all the way. But things rarely were handed out this freely.
"With the end of the ICW fast approaching and the obvious moves the Grand Alliance is making in being the successor to wizarding cooperation, it becomes difficult to be the one nation to refuse it." James said sympathetically.

"We could still go it alone." Spencer said firmly as he gave a firm look.

"We could." James agreed before he drank of his firewhiskey. "But we both know that it will be a grave mistake." James said to him knowingly.

Yes…it would be as much as he hated to admit it. The Grand Alliance were a powerhouse that was dead set in creating a truly intertwined magical world with Illos leading the charge to absorb community after community.

They could survive…perhaps even thrive if they left themselves isolated from this new look magical world, one that would be more unified than any point in history save for perhaps since the times of Atlantis – and wasn't that another red herring – but there would be insecurity and danger in such a course of action.

The ICW, for all of the mistakes that it did, did truly create a stable political environment where discourse and disagreement could be aired out.

Wars between nations were rendered practically non-existent…save for the Dark Lords and the like. Not only that, cooperation to safeguard the magical world had been at an all time high, however corrupt it may have been.

Even when MACUSA left the ICW, it never left the agreements that it bound itself to and there was good reason for that. With the Grand Alliance picking up the slack...

Yes…to be outside such an organisation that would swallow whole the magical world would be fraught with uncertainty. Even for MACUSA.

James continued "Plus, if we want to influential in this new age…"

"We'll have to be adaptive." Spencer said with a grim smile.

James smiled at Spencer. "Quite. Besides. It's not as if all of our people will move to the country-ship" Which was quite true, Spencer thought to himself.

The allure of using magic freely is of course tantalising to anyone, be they poor or rich, however there is a deep connection to the land. Legacies were built here.
Homes that were centuries old were cherished and as important as those manors on the Old World.

No one would freely abandon everything so soon.

Spencer sat up and placed his glass onto the desk and met the gaze of his Vice President. Very well. He still had two years of his first term and if he played it right, he'd get another term. And, if he also played right their admission to the Grand Alliance, he'd set the stage for the prosperity of MACUSA all whilst having the best of both worlds.

James saw the look on his face and the aged skin around his eyes wrinkled as he smiled faintly before sitting up straight. Their discussions would last throughout the night.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

16th​ of November, 1972 – Alexandria, Magical Quarter

Dembe Habe POV

He waded through the silent streets as he made his way to the part where Dembe was told he'd be. His head twisted around, facing his back and his gaze filled with the sight of the armoured mages of Illos amidst the few ICW Aurors, Americans and his men from Aziza.

With most of Europe and Asia free once more from Ravenite hands, there was a congregation of the Allies…if one could call this congregation Allies.

More fitting to call it people with converging interests, he thought to himself with grunt before he shook his head and turned the corner of the street.

He found Atticus standing in one of the streets of the Magical Quarter.

The streets were empty and the stands that the Quarter had once been famous for were gone. Still, he mused, there were hints that remained. Odd houses that captured the eyes, houses that neighboured one another despite them looking like they belonged to different cultures and peoples.

As he made his way to Atticus, with quiet pondering, he wondered if these homes would be filled once more. A wondering that perhaps was pointless, he mused to himself as he came to a stop by Atticus who seemed to be deep in thought.

For a moment, he merely looked at the man…truly looked. There was a serenity around that seemed impossible. A kind of serenity that chained the storms of magic that he could sense within the man.

"King Atticus." Dembe greeted with an incline of the head. The man had given leave to address him by his first name but he never felt comfortable in doing so.

Atticus acknowledged him with a slight turn of the head before he spoke "The last time I visited this place in Alexandria, it had been just before my presentation to the Charms Guild." Atticus said with a fond note in his voice as he touched one of the stalls.

"Emily had been haggling with one of the merchants for a tome on Egyptian wards." Atticus said with his lips curling upwards slightly. "The tome had already been undervalued by the merchant and in the end Emily got it for three-fifths of the price."

Dembe smiled, memories of his own haggling at the markets back home coming to the forefront. It was kind of a dance, really, one that merchants would deny liking but everyone knew that the merchants loved it.

"How old were you?" Dembe asked curiously as he returned to the present and deciding to carry on the conversation.

"Sixteen." Atticus said with a smile as he turned towards Dembe. The smile seemed to lose strength as he continued. "Simpler times." Atticus said before adding as he turned away from Dembe and back towards the streets. "In a certain way, I suppose."

"Certain way?" Dembe asked curiously. He'd known the man for a long time but never really talked to the man about his childhood. Well, at least when it came to anything other than what subjects and branches of magic he'd studied.

Come to think of it, most of their interactions had been about Dembe's education and improvement in magic until later on when he'd duel with Atticus or Emily once in a blue moon though even then, Dembe knew that it largely to accommodate him – and his father who Atticus was friendly acquaintances with – than anything else.

"The war with Grindelwald had cast a long shadow over my family, Dembe. I was not a Lord nor was I King. Just a boy who walked down uncertain roads with many ideas and many plans to deal with the obstacles before him, headstrong, stubborn and at times incredibly arrogant." Atticus smiled faintly as he looked up into the skies. "At the time, the obstacles felt insurmountable. But now…"

"I suppose one's problems always do feel larger than they are as a young man."

There was a momentary lull as Dembe reflected on his words, words that bore similarities to something his own father, Ghezo Habe, once told him when he felt the pressure of being the Archmage of the coming age for his people.

He shook those thoughts away and glanced at the seemingly forever youthful man, his eyes studying the man intently as he thought on the situation on hand. The war was nearly over now. The majority of the Ravenites were captured in that strange alchemic concoction and Cullaica was dead all in the space of a month.

Only the rats remained along with the Raven who was in flight but he did not have any doubts that it was problems that were on the precipice of being resolved.

He did not know what suddenly made him and Illos change their path.

For years, they'd remained silent on the issue of the Ravenites and thus so did Aziza and Ame-No-Ukihashi. The atrocities committed in China were no different than the atrocities committed in Eastern Europe or the wiping out of entire noble families.

And the only correlation he could think of was whatever happened in the so called Ruins of Atlantis that there was startling little information on. A feeling of irritation washed over him as he remembered asking the Chiefs about it who only offered him platitudes and heavy silence.

They knew more about it but would not divulge anything to him despite the fact he was to lead their people with time. For all their expectations of him, there was never enough that he could accomplish before they'd look past his youth.

He shook his head after he closed his eyes momentarily. He let himself wash away the irritation and he reopened his brown eyes and saw Atticus look at him curiously.

"You seem troubled." Atticus merely stated as he turned slightly and gestured Dembe to walk with him. Dembe remained still for a moment, his eyes carefully looking at the silent guards that were never too far away before he decided.

"Why now?" Dembe asked plainly as he walked, however unsure he was if he'd get a straight answer. He had difficulties figuring out the man, and had done so for many years. When he thought he understood the man, he'd do something entirely different than his expectations, just like how they joined the war against the Ravenites.

"I presume you're not talking about why I am asking you to walk with me?" Atticus said with amusement colouring his expression.

Dembe gave him a look and expanded "Why did Illos…you…decide to stop the Ravenites now when you could have done so earlier?"

Atticus lost the look of amusement as he looked forward, towards the ICW building.

"Sometimes I forget that you were born in peace. Born without the cloud of war hanging over your head." Atticus said, causing Dembe to frown.

Before Dembe could speak however, Atticus continued. "The Ravenites were, of course, a terrible infection across much of Europe. But they were not an infection that the Grand Alliance had cause to deal with."

"I understand that." Dembe returned "It is the same excuse that the Chiefs gave me. It is hollow." Dembe rebuked. "Especially now when you have intervened."

Atticus stopped and turned to Dembe. "Hollow?" he questioned.

"Yes, hollow. Thousands of wizards and witches were killed, butchered and if the rumours are right, many had their minds warped! I do not doubt that you knew this." Dembe said pointedly, on the verge of accusation but just about managed to refrain from crossing that line.

He continued "Their suffering was ignored for years when it should not have!"

"And what right did we have to act as policemen of the magical world?" Atticus responded to Dembe, his head slightly turned as his vivid eyes bored into him. His tone was curious rather than responsive, as if humouring Dembe.

Atticus continued "What right do we have to choose what is a legitimate government and what is not, what right do we have to make war against an entity that had done no ill towards us or our people?" Atticus said as his eyes searched Dembe's face.

"Yet it is a right, a right you claim you do not have, you exercised now." Dembe returned as he met Atticus' gaze.

Atticus' expression softening before he turned away and began to walk again. Dembe clenched his jaw slightly but followed. Silence reigned for a few moments before Atticus broke it. "Do you believe responsibility is universal?" Atticus asked.

Dembe looked at him for a long few moments before he answered. "It can be" he said before adding "It depends on what and to whom the responsibility entails."

Atticus smiled faintly before he nodded without looking at Dembe. "A good answer." Atticus placed his arms behind his back. "And it also answers your own questions about why now and why not back then." Atticus glanced at Dembe.

"The ICW held supreme responsibility for the magical world. Their mandate extended beyond keeping the Statute of Secrecy intact. It is what they decided and so it was" Atticus turned his gaze towards the ICW building.

"It was their self-ordained responsibility to deal with the major threats to the magical world and the Ravenites had been one of them. They failed spectacularly."

"We turned away their requests for assistance." Dembe pointed out.

"We did. We had a right to. Just as any other magical nation had a right to." Atticus glanced at Dembe with a frown on his face. "You don't understand why we refused, do you?" Atticus asked him, the tone of his voice more surprised than anything.

"You refused because of the history you had with the ICW. And my people in the Alliance followed your lead" Dembe answered with narrowed eyes. "I can understand it…they wronged you but it should have been put to the side."

Atticus stopped in his walk and turned towards Dembe. He stiffened, not because of fear or wariness that he might have gone too far but because of the look that was on Atticus' face. It was one of pity.

His fingers twitched in reflex and the guards' armour clinked in response.

If Atticus noticed it, he didn't react to it a single bit as he spoke. "I'm not so petty to hold hostage the magical world because of slights" he said with a raised eyebrow, not at all offended at what Dembe said to him. Or his reflexive reactions

"I'm disappointed to hear you think that of me however." Atticus said with a shaking head before he began to walk again. Dembe clenched his teeth slightly before he followed.

"I do not think you petty." Dembe admitted to the man.

If anything, Dembe did admire and respect the man. Immensely Not only for his power but also his genuine devotion to his people and that of Dembe's own. It would not be a lie to say that Atticus was a great man as well as a great mage.

It was simply that he'd been disappointed that he didn't live up to the stories he'd heard about the man. The righteous, virtuous man that stood up against the wicked.

"I'm glad to hear that at least" Atticus said with a faint smile as he glanced at Dembe before losing it quickly "And as to why we refused…it is rather simple actually."

Atticus let off a weary sigh before he looked up towards the skies.

"It is an endless cycle, Dembe. This constant rise and fall and rise of Dark Lords. The simple truth is that I saw no reason to involve my people, our people, in a conflict that would only result in a pause of the repeating cycle the magical world was caught in." Dembe frowned at that.

"This was different."

"Was it really?" Atticus posed with a sceptical tone.

"The Raven and Cullaica preyed on the insecurities of the nobility. Using their ridiculous hatred of squibborns – amongst many, many other such hatreds and ignorance and undue perceptions – to twist them into servitude. Many of the Ministries turned a blind eye to the murder of thousands of squibborns and squibs whilst the Ravenites grew in numbers." Atticus pursed his lips before he added.

"The ICW knew of their crimes yet they did nothing. Only when they began to overthrow the Ministries from within and without, did they begin to act and begin dialogue with the Grand Alliance."

Dembe said nothing for a moment as he frowned heavily.

Atticus continued "Where would it end, Dembe, had we intervened then? Or even before that point as we would have done had it been our responsibility?"

"It wouldn't." Dembe responded as he met Atticus' eyes, understanding beckoning to the forefront of his mind.

Atticus nodded gravely. "It wouldn't. And we would have been expected to act in the future. To deal with Dark Lords. Again and again." He paused as he eyed Dembe.

"But we would have been without the authority to truly make the changes we needed to prevent such risings from happening in the first place. We would have been expected to restore Ministries. Restore societies. And not implement the changes those communities so desperately needed and needed to accept."

Dembe thought it over and he couldn't help but let a sceptical sigh.

"So what's changed?"

"Nothing much." Atticus said with a soft chuckle before humming. "Everything."

Dembe raised an eyebrow at the answer.

Atticus glanced at him with a faint smile before he lost it and looked skyward. Dembe looked at the man oddly. Coming to think of it, the man was looking often towards the heavens. It was odd.

Atticus continued "We realised, or perhaps it may be better to say that we accepted, I, my wife and the people of Illos, that we have a greater responsibility to the magical world. One that comes from a position of power and a position of greater morality."

"And our refusal was necessary at the time. Our peoples did not want war, nor did they want to entangle in the mess that is Europe with its cauldron of instability. And the will of our people mattered more to me than the needs of others."

Atticus glanced at Dembe "A responsibility that the ICW is no longer suited to bear."

As they went up the stairs of the main ICW building, Dembe wondered how many lives might have been saved. Dembe sighed and let it go and stared at the ICW building. 'A responsibility that the ICW is no longer suited to bear'

A point that was more than simply right, Dembe thought to himself.

The ICW Aurors had lost morale, even when he'd helped in ensuring the siege would fail. There was no belief amongst the men. They were worn. Defeated.

And seeing the Magical Quarter as empty as it was, most of its people having fled save for the majority of Egyptians who called Alexandria home since likely the moment it was built, it was abandoned.

Dembe looked towards the ICW building. It still stood – whomever enchanted the building were masters at their craft – but that was all there was to it.

The structure stood but its soul had long departed from the mortal plane. The ICW as it was, was now dead. Its failures, the abandonment of many ICW officials of the city, even the people who'd made Alexandria their livelihoods were gone.

"It's never nice to see such a proud place fall." Atticus commented and Dembe understood exactly what he meant.

"You don't feel triumphant?" Dembe questioned with a raised eyebrow. The feud between the ICW and the Sayres was legendary. It was even thought in Aziza as a pivotal point in History class, last he heard.

Atticus let off a sigh. "Not triumphant. Never that. For all the…conflict that I have had with the ICW, I cared for the people and the history of this place."

"I am…accepting."

Dembe turned to Atticus, a curious expression on his face.

Atticus saw the curiousness and continued "For all of the failures of the ICW, it was a monument of international cooperation. It rose out of necessity and did what needed to be done to safeguard the magical world." Atticus paused for a moment.

"It had its flaws. It made many mistakes. But it also provided the stones with which to build a newer, better organisation that can deal with the challenges that lie ahead."

"An organisation like the Grand Alliance" Dembe stated instead of asking.

After all, it was the only conclusion that existed now. Not even the ICW officials were interested in resuscitating the corpse of the ICW.

"Would it be so bad?" Atticus asked curiously as he peered at Dembe.

"Have our people not flourished from such an alliance? Would the rest of the magical world also not flourish from such deeper, more intimate cooperation?" Atticus posed to Dembe with a raised eyebrow.

"No." Dembe said after a moment before sighing. "No, I believe the rest of the magical world would benefit from joining us."

The country-ships and the Alliance were a practical paradise compared to what he'd seen in this war. People back home lived in peace and in harmony with magic and nature.

Almost no one was in harmony in Alexandria or in Europe…even in France.

His ambitions of defeating strong enemies had long been forgotten in the face of reality. With his family magic, he could sense that acutely. It was why he was so disappointed that it took until now for the Sayres to intervene.

"And so it shall be." Atticus stated with the confidence that spoke that he'd already seen it happen. Probably did, Dembe mused to himself.

"There is still the problem of the Raven." Dembe pointed out.

Atticus turned around as they reached the top of the stairs.

Dembe's eyebrows raised at the faint turbulence in the serenity of his magic.

"A problem that I will take care of not long from now." Atticus said calmly before he eyed Dembe curiously "Unless you would like the honour?"

"If you wouldn't mind." Dembe said easily with a questioning look on his face.
Atticus met his gaze for a long few moments before shaking his head.

"No. He is my problem." Atticus glanced at him before he turned away and began to walk away from Dembe. Dembe narrowed his eyes.

"I can defeat him."

Atticus stopped and turned to him with a sympathetic smile. "Yes, you could."

Dembe eyed the man carefully "You've seen me do it." He stated more than asked.

"I have." Atticus acknowledged before added "And I have seen him defeat you many more times than his defeat by your hands." Atticus stated calmly.

Dembe's eyebrows raised before he narrowed his eyes.

"I find that unlikely."

Atticus' expression turned humorous but there was a glint in his eyes that made the humour seem mired with brevity "I can understand that. It is not easy to accept such declarations." Dembe's expression hardened.

"You can't know for certain that I would have lost."

"I did not say that I know for certain. Only that I have seen enough to know that your victory was not guaranteed, just as the Raven's victory was not guaranteed, only that your defeat was more likely than not." Atticus told him calmly but the words felt like acid in his ears.

Atticus looked him right in the eyes and the next words that he uttered sent a chill down his spine. "The chance of losing you, Dembe, when it isn't necessary to risk you is too high." Atticus stated matter-of-factly before his expression softened.

"Besides…your father would not forgive me if you do not go home safe and whole."

Dembe's anger stopped at that.

Atticus smiled at Dembe before he lost it slightly "You're a powerful mage, Dembe. But sometimes the best thing to do, is to do nothing. It is a wisdom that you should heed." Atticus then turned around and left quietly, the guards that shadowed them walking beyond Dembe to follow the King.

Dembe thinned his lips as he watched the back of the King before sighing, shaking his head as he sighed and simply descended down the stairs, his mind lost in thought.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

Paris, France

The Raven POV

His coal black eyes fell upon Rue de Rivoli and the river Seine.

Watching silently. Emotionlessly.

How many years has it been?

So long ago that it was a lifetime away.

Hmm…A ghostly touch stroked his cheek. Cold and faded, warm in gesture.

He turned to them, the ghosts of his past.

Their warm but silent ghostly smiles kept the hollowness at bay.

Hmm…

His eyelids drooped low, his chaotic magic swirling around him as memories played out in a reel in the forefront of his mind. Memories of an innocent time.

Happier times.

Times of little but priceless in soulful wealth.

Times of when he'd been complete.

The crows of ravens beckoned him out of from the drifts of memories and he felt them land on his shoulders. "I know…I know…" he said softly and warmly as he turned his gaze back towards the lively streets of Paris.
It would soon come to an end.

The cloak doused in tempests of flames that he wore would soon burn out of fuel and come to fizzle out in the oxygen starved air. There were no more to hearken forth and set alight their flames of inner darkness and make them realise that the universe was simply made for death and nothingness.

There was no need. There hasn't been a need for years now.

His purpose was almost complete now and soon…soon he'd return to death.

He'd delayed it long enough now. "Soon…" he whispered quietly to his ever present companions that he'd longed to be with once more.

The air around him began to shimmer as the reigns on his magic slackened. Shimmering and undulating, the air began to turn heavy as his magic seeped around him like the water through the cracks of stone.

His wand began to rise, the faint sound of his magic crackling dulling the noise of the distant sounds of the muggles below.

Once upon a time…

He'd loved this city.

Once upon a time…

It was home.

And once upon a time…

It had been his hope to return to it.

And no-

Before he could cancel the magic that swallowed him, he was engulfed within a portal and in less than a tenth of a blink of an eye, he was elsewhere.

Black ashy tendrils swirled around his form with violent delight, his magic was unleashed to its fullest and reality around him was strained by his power.
Yet, for all that it was unwanted…he looked upward, the sight of bright stars and small moons eliciting a long forgotten feeling of surprise.

After a few moments, he turned to his right, where he knew the man to be. It was hard not to know. His overwhelming presence was unmissable.

He stood there with his arms behind his back, intently staring at him.

For several long moments they simply stared as red and grey dust blew around them.

"Yasha Romanov" Sayre said gravely and the name hurt more than a thousand knives piercing his chest could ever feel.

"We should talk."

In response, he merely sent a lance of his ashy magic towards Sayre, the rage he felt burning incandescent as he prepared to eviscerate the man who should have left the name where it belonged. Dead and forgotten.



My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 74 others
mosefboombox117
Oct 4, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 31 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Oct 28, 2023
Add bookmark
#396
I have finally reached the end of Odyssey of a Mage (Chapter 99). The wait between chapters will be a lot more structured now - every two weeks, I will post another chapter.

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!

Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst the rest of the chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 31


September 1937 – Paris

Yasha Augustan POV

He stared at his mother, who stared right back.

"Why?" Yasha he finally asked, his tone half demanding, his fists clenched so tightly that he was on the verge of breaking skin "Why would you stop me from going to Beauxbatons?!" he demanded as he stood up from his seat, upset and angry.

His mother stared at him with soulful blue eyes, regret and guilt swirling together into blue twin pools yet he saw that she had no intentions of reversing her decision.

He'd seen that look before, when they had to leave Luxembourg a few years ago.

"You know why" she said tiredly as she folded her hands in her lap, her back straightening, the air of regal and motherly authority surrounding her.

A loud crack rang around them, one that was followed by the frightened cry of his little sister. He looked at his sister and saw Maria, his six year old, sister upset.

"Yasha." The reprimand in his mother's tone was there as was the note of pleading, of warning.

He reigned in his magic as much as he could but as he looked at his mother, he was still deeply angry and upset and knew he was on the verge of another accident. He couldn't help it. He didn't know why.

He really knew why his mother did all that she did.

He didn't know why they had to leave their home time and again, running from something or another, because his mother said it wasn't safe, that there were people after him, people whom mother never explained to him about.

His mother sighed and looked at him with a strange expression.

"If you go to Beauxbatons…they'll want to know who you are." His mother smiled sadly at him, yet pride and love shone through her kind face.

"I'm no one." Yasha protested. That was true. They were merely a hedge family, peasants with no notable history or talent.

Honestly! His mother couldn't even use a wand for her magic was weak and they lived amongst the muggles longer than he could remember! Magical Paris was the first time he'd even seen a magical community.

"Oh Yasha…" his mother looked on the verge of tears as she stood up, her brown hair swaying. She got to her knees in front of him and took his face into her tender hands, warm to the touch, gentle and loving.

"My boy…my special, special beautiful boy…you are anything but no one" she said with tears in her eyes. "You are an exceptional boy, more than you presently know, and others will have no trouble seeing it."

"But why…" Yasha whispered, deeply upset as he stared at his sad mother. He didn't like it. "Why is that such a bad thing?" His mother choked back a wet laugh.

"It's not" she said with a wet smile before it turned into a horrible sad smile as her eyes turned hazy and lost for a brief moment, as if she was in waking sleep, sleep in which nightmares haunted her.

Moments passed before she refocused and met his gaze, the horrible sad smile turning into a wistful smile. "It shouldn't be. And perhaps…in another life…it would not have been."

"I don't understand."

"Yasha…what you can do with magic…the way you understand it…it is not what most wizards can do. Only a few can. People will see this and it would bring attention to you. To your sister. To myself." His mother said regretfully and fearfully.

"I can hide it, I promise!" Yasha tried. If his mother was so concerned about not wanting to have attention on their family, then he'd do that, even if he didn't want to. It would be hard but he could do it!

There was nothing he couldn't do if he put his mind to it.

"Oh Yasha…you won't be able to" his mother said saddened though proudly.

"Magic sings around you" she said with beauty in her tone as she lovingly caressed his cheek. "It always has and it always will."

His mother sighed but he could see the decisiveness in her eyes and in her smile and it sunk him to the bottom of the ocean. "And that is why you cannot learn magic there" she smiled at him, less sad and less guilty but still firm "I have saved enough for books for your first few years of magical schooling. Before we leave Paris for Corsica, I'll also get you a wand to practice with."

Yasha staggered and he peeled himself out of her hands.

"What?" he asked breathlessly and devastated and betrayed. "We're leaving again?" he asked despairingly, struck worse than the denial of magical school.

A complicated expression flashed across his mother's face.

"It isn't safe anymore" she said firmly as she got up from her feet and towered over Yasha. "Corsica will be. It's far enough and the wizarding community is very small there."

It was too much and before he knew it, he was running.

"Yasha!" his mother called after him repeatedly but he raced down the hall and the door flew open seemingly by its own volition before he passed down the flats and down the stairs and before he knew it, he was out on the Parisian streets.

Angry and terribly upset.
He wasn't sure how long he was in the streets, walking in betwixt of the hordes of faceless, nameless muggles, walking on streets surrounded by rows of monoliths of stone homes, their sights and their beauty cooling the anger and betrayal in his heart.

He loved Paris.

There was so much here.

Magicals and their crazy markets and crazy circus acts that played with fire dragons and fantastic beasts that moved in strange but amazing ways like how the mimes and artists would play and perform in the busy muggle street corners.

Muggles and their automobiles and their cafes with their amazing foods that they'd sit at for hours at a time.

Amazing buildings that his mother said was hundreds of years old, huge towers like the Eiffel tower that his mother had laughingly said that muggles had built it without magic.

It was so different from the dull towns of Austria and the uppity muggle nobles and their children who sneered at them. From the villages of Luxembourg and their villagers who looked upon them distrustfully.

Here…

In Paris…

He was just another person. Someone like everyone in the big city.

In the city of Europe.

He loved it.

It was his home.

And his mother loved it too, he saw it in her eyes. When she took him and Maria to see all the different places in Paris, when she bought bread and savoury and sweets - he LOVED hazel nut croissants! – for them, when she spoke French like she was a French person and teased them and laughed at him when he begged her to teach him how to speak like her.

He was only ten but he wasn't blind, no, he saw that his mother loved Paris as much as he did. Okay, maybe not as much but she did love it.

There was a happiness about her that he hadn't seen before.

So he didn't understand why she wanted to leave all of a sudden.

Was it because of him? Because of Beauxbatons? Was she upset that she wasn't magical enough to go to magical school but that he was?

No, he denied as he walked across the road and stepped into the narrow market street.

His mother wasn't jealous. She wasn't like that. He bit his lip as he thought deeply. Everything she did was for him and later, when Maria came, for her too.

He came to a stop as he realised it. Was she really that afraid? So afraid of whoever was chasing them, that she would easily give up all of this?

All of his life, his mother had never said what they were running from. His mother never even said that they were running but he figured it out years ago.

Once, he thought that maybe mother was running from his father but he didn't think so, not any more. Not after she told him the truth about who his father was, a muggle didn't want to marry mother and disappeared.

He startled as he almost fell to the ground "Move, boy!" a man growled at him as he looked over his shoulder before raising his head and huffed and continued on.

He narrowed his eyes and after glancing around to make sure no one was looking, he flicked his hand, causing the man to trip. The rude man cried out as he fell and Yasha felt smug satisfaction before he shook his head and walked away, leaving the man flustered and embarrassed.

He sighed before he huffed as he walked. He kicked a stone in frustration and resignation. "Fine" he muttered to himself.

"Corsica it is then" he muttered petulantly.

He'd vowed that he'd never leave mother alone like that stupid father of his and grudgingly he admitted he could learn magic fine anywhere. Mother was right about that at least. Magic was easy for him. He didn't need a stupid wand or go to a stupid school to learn about it.

Even if he'd be learning in the living room in some stupid place in stupid Corsica.

He didn't even know anything about Corsica.

Or where it was.

"Fine" he muttered once more as he sighed more heavily.

He glanced around and looked at the buildings.

"When I'm older…" he muttered to himself, a silent promise to himself.

He arrived at the front of his home many hours later and walked up the stairs. He winced to himself. He hoped mother wasn't upset anymore. He didn't like seeing her upset. At all. Hopefully she'll be okay once he tells her that he's fine with it.

He put the lock into the door though he realised that it was unlocked. Strange, he thought to himself. Mother never left it unlocked. Even for him since she knew that he had keys. He shrugged and thought nothing further on it as he took out the key and opened the door.

"MOTHER! I'M BACK! I'M FINE WITH LEAVING!" he shouted out as he walked down the hallway of their apartment, hoping that him saying it out loud would make her happy and change her face instead of looking sad when he saw her again. "MOTH-" his voice died, his body seizing into absolute stillness that only statues and inanimate objects should have any right to be.

His mother was a-seat, her shoulder looked to be tightly gripped, painfully, her face wracked in horror and fear and glazy, her body kept still by the meaty hands that bore a strange ring, one with some kind of animal, of a black robed dark-haired man who held a dangerous air about him and even more threatening expression that anyone could interpret that he meant to harm them.

The whimpers of his sister struck him out of this ill trance, his eyes latching onto the source of distress and saw that she was being held tightly against another man's chest with his hand over her mouth and the tip of his wand against her throat, lightly tapping against her throat with an ugly grin on his face.

There were three others in the room, all of them with their wands out and all of them wore chains with a circle and a line inside a triangle

Yasha never felt this afraid in his life.

Fear that made his knees weak, fear that made him tremble.

And his magic felt like a lead stone, sinking away from his grasp when it had always felt so easy to grasp and guide. As if his magic knew that if he did anything, he'd lose his only family and reacted on his behalf.

"Ah, the boy of the hour." Yasha turned towards the source of the voice that spoke in Russian and saw that it was the man who was holding mother tightly.

"Who are you? What do you want?" Yasha managed to say though his voice trembled. It caused the men to laugh.

"We're old friends of your mother." The man said with a smug grin before he looked down at his mother. "Isn't that right, Your Majesty?"

"Please…let them go…they're no one…they're bastards." Life returned to his mother's eyes and the vulnerability and desperation in his mother's voice was breaking Yasha and he mov-

With lightning speed, the man placed a wand on his mother's neck

"Ah, ah, ah." The man said with warning in his voice. "Move and I'll cut your whore mother's head off." Menace riddled the man's tone and if the act of promised violence wasn't enough, then the eager tone which almost taunted him did.

The dark-haired man smiled thinly "Good" the man relaxed slightly and moved his wand away from his mother's neck only for him to point it to her head and he saw her eyes return to glazy blue beads again.

Yasha stiffened but didn't move having been able to resist the urge. Barely.

"Now" the man began as he levelled a cold look at Yasha before he eyed one of the henchmen who began to move towards Yasha. "Be a good boy and swear you will obey all of our orders."

Yasha gritted his teeth in frustration and he was on the verge of tears at his helplessness "…I swear." The putain laughed mockingly.

"No." the man said with a terrifying grin. "Swear upon your magic that you will obey every order we" the man signalled towards the men present "And our leaders give you." Yasha startled at that but broke out of it as one of the other men approached him.

"Do it now and do it willingly or your fucking whore mother and sister will die!" The roar was shocking, sharp and gruesome as a whip and the tip of the putain's wand was aglow with menacing poisonous green magic that Yasha could just feel was awful. He let off a whimper before he opened his mouth.

The men who arrived next to him gripped his wrist, tightly, and said "You better mean, boy, otherwise we'll know." Yasha winced and swallowed before he spoke.

"I-I…I swear to obey your every orders and the orders of your leaders." A golden glow surrounded him and he despaired as he felt cords begin to strangle his magic.

"Call your mother a whore." Yasha's nostrils flared at the words before his eyes widened in shock as he felt his magic fight against him, fight to comply with the demand and Yasha resisted, oh he so resisted but the cords tightened and he felt like it was shrinking, straining under the stress of the cords.

"Mother is a whore" escaped his lips without his consent, against all of his might and it made the putain grin wider…and so did everyone else's.

The man began to drop down the wand and the glaze in mother's eyes began to disappear and the horror was infinitely greater now on her face.

"All of that running…all of that luck." The man laughed cruelly.

"And all it ended up with is you spawning the wrong kind of boy, the kind of boy that he has been searching for." A sneer formed on his face before he turned his evil eyes onto Yasha, evil eyes that gleamed with awful promise.

"You should have died with your filthy parents, Romanov. It would have been a kinder mercy than the existence you now have placed your children into."

Those words had been haunting then.

And in the end…

They were prophetic.

??? 1938 – Camps ???

Wails and moans rang distantly.

Of men. Of women. Of other children.

Indiscriminate.

As was pain.

In all of its forms.

His mother sung a lullaby, her voice weak but carried warm melody, and she rocked him and a whimpering Maria in her arms as she rested against the back of the cold walls, a lullaby that brought warmth just as her cold vice like arms brought warmth to him and his sister, his mind slowly settling back to a vague sense of normality.

Warmth that soothed his broken body and melodic voice that worked him forget.

But it was hard. The sharp pain in his body, the biting hunger he felt and the dark stirrings of his magic that seemed to want to burst out of him made it hard. So hard.

As did the haunted screams and cries that rang around this Hell.

He wrenched his eyes closed tighter, trying to help him forget where he was, where he'd gotten mother and Maria because he didn't fight back. He wished he had. Every day and every time he woke up.

His mother stopped her lullaby when the sounds of the screams died away to a pittance and he opened his eyes, faint light of moonlight crept through the barred opening in the stone walls.

He saw Maria asleep, exhaustion and hunger having taking its due from her. Yet even in her sleep, she looked in pain. She was so pale now. So sickly pale. Skin latched onto her skin like old socks to feet. Tight yet worn.

Her words were the same, worn and tight and bare. Almost gone was the happy sister that he loved so dearly.

Rage and hate spiked within him and his once comforting magic now turned a tempestuous cloud of magic, stirred with his emotions. A sharp pain struck him in his head, like needle like daggers piercing through his skull, and he whimpered as rage and hate left him in haste.

He felt the shaking hand of his mother on his head, a soft hush escaping from her lips with soothing intent. "Yasha…" his mother only said yet he understood the meaning in her utterance.

He looked up as the pain from the chains that bound him dissipated yet he never looked at her face for he knew that that rage would never go away until he passed out from the pain. 'I hate those damn eyes. Ezkridis' damned Royal Blue eyes.' The words of their tormentors echoed into his mind.

"I know" Yasha whispered "I can't help it…I…" he felt his mother wrap him closer and tighter yet it did not settle him nor did it melt the cold iciness that was sinking into him.

"I know, I know." He heard her say, the tone of heart break threaded her voice. Yasha knew that as the days passed, as the torment continued to build, even his mother was slowly losing herself like Maria almost already was.

"You just have to remember Yasha, that one day we'll be free."

"How?" Yasha asked with begging in his voice, starting the same old conversation again. They had little words for anything else. "I can't do anything and neither can you." Yasha began to tear up and his body began to tremble.

Trembling that made the pain so much worse but he didn't care right now.

They kept them like chickens in a cage, and instead of being fattened, they were being starved and slowly trimmed until they were ready. Ready for something he or mother did not understand.

All the torture he was going through, all of the warping of his mind and his magic, he knew not what the purpose was, why they were doing what they were doing.

At times he wondered if there was no purpose, that they simply wanted to see them hurt, to see them break. His mother taken sometimes for hours at a time and hurt, his sister made to watch unspeakable things to the point she had to be forced to eat.

"They even stop us from killing ourselves and I can't even think of hurting myself before my magic stops me." Yasha said with immense bitterness before the bitterness in his voice broke much like he was breaking when he continued.

"And mother…I want to die." He choked out, his tremble now akin to when it when it had been during the height of winter, the shiver travelling along the length of his body. "I don't care anymore, it's too much."

His mother began to tremble as well though no noise escaped her lips.

"Oh Yasha…" his mother soothed brokenly though she said nothing else. There was nothing more to say, nothing that hadn't been said

'I'm sorry…we should have left sooner…'

He wished he tried to fight back then. He wished he died trying.

It would have been so much better than what they were living through…

He'd fallen asleep not long after, to the sounds of his mother's lullaby, though heavy boots began to wake him slowly and realisation crept into his waking mind.

His ears peaked and he startled still in horror and he whimpered and clung onto mother, begging desperately, hopelessly, to Mother Magic, to God, that it wasn't for him, that it was going to be for some other person.

It was too soon, it was only yesterday that he'd been warped.

Yet, once more, his hopes fell onto dear ears.

Abandoned as he and his mother and his sister were to monsters.

"Stand up and remain still!" the dark robed guard.

His body moved against his will, against the weakness that should make it impossible for him to stand up but he stood up nonetheless, buoyed by his magic which continued to betray him.

"Please…he's too weak…he'll die" his mother begged as she moved to shield him and Maria from the guard. The guard laughed and a cruel look showed on his face.

"And we're making him strong, don't worry. He'll live. We wouldn't want to disappoint our special guest tonight." He said before flicking out his wand and slashed across and his mother smashed against the back of the walls, rage and hatred burst the dam within as it knocked her out, the dark pool of magic that once upon a time felt like the touch of lukewarm water on a cold autumn's day now felt like the hungry depths of ocean waters on a tumultuous storm night.

And when the wand was levied towards Maria who cried awake, time had stilled.

Like a tear, he felt like something had ripped inside of him, through the pain, through the debilitating pain that sought to rip his mind like the centre of his being was being ripped apart, and a dark ashy, dusty, almost shadowy tendril of magic spewed forward in the path of the spell that stood to harm his sister.

Another tendril ripped from his chest but it was too late "Stop! I COMMAND YOU! STOP!" the frantic angry yet fearful demand worked and his ashy magic faded away like dust.

A thrill shook him to the core, at the sight of fear on the face of one of those who had cast them into the depths of hell and depravity.

But sooner than he wished, that look of fear turned into fury and the man snarled as he commanded Yasha to step out of the prison and after he did so, he took a fistful of his hair and yanked painfully on it "You little bastard. I'm going to enjoy seeing you squirm in that chair."

Cold satisfaction gave way for icy dread and it must have shown on his face as the guard's face twisted into a gleeful sneer before he led Yasha through the gloomy hallways that seemed endless with cells.

He caught a look of a young boy whose face was in between the cells that was only opposite and a few cells to the right of his and his family's cell, with fresh and deep cuts zigzagging across his face.

The boy silently stared at him with dead eyes, odd eyes that were lilac in colour, like the some of the flowers he'd seen before in the flower shop but these were not nice…nor did were they pretty. These eyes were shrivelling and dying.

It was only a few weeks ago, Yasha thought, that the boy couldn't stop screaming that he'd kill them all, that he'd tear their flesh from their skins for what they did to his family.

He turned his gaze away from the boy, memories of the boy's screams of vengeance turning into cries of pain and screams of mercy flashing by, as he continued to be yanked forward, through the inky, tarry black walls of their Hell, the sounds of rats within its halls faintly heard.

He bit back the whimper that threatened to escape his lips as they arrived to the 'Pighouse', the term he'd heard the other, older boys that once had been in the next cell talk to each other about, the sight of the white walled room with the lone chair at the middle of the room roused the kind of dread with the strength of furious dragons rising to full height, overwhelming, foreboding, terrifying.

Yet it compared nothing to the voice of the man he hated more than anything in the world…and a man he feared like nothing else. "Ah, Prince Romanov"

The man had a sickly pale complexion, tight facial skin and unblinking eyes that sunk into his skull like marbles in quicksand. He showed no emotion, not even after he'd tortured Yasha into paralysis, not even when his magic was twisted in the way he wanted.

He terrified Yasha in the way he was, in the way he felt to Yasha. Blank. Nothingness. Yet at the same it was a kind of nothingness that seemed to be unfiltered malice, a malice that was uncaring, unfeeling.

And he thought this man was the very Devil the muggle churches warned against.

"So this is the Romanov boy. The most promising candidate"

Yasha swivelled around and was startled as he realised who this was.

Pale long fingers with prominent joints that reminded Yasha of his sister's bony legs and ankles, stroked the angular face though that is not what caught his attentions, no, it was the silvery white eye that accompanied the pale blue one.

He knew this face. He knew this man. Any time he'd picked up the papers, he seemed to be on the front of the pages. Grindelwald.

"He doesn't take much after his ancestors, does he?" Grindelwald looked away from him in a dismissive way and turned towards the Healer, the Devil who he never learnt what his name.

"The father is some son of the muggle Von Trotha family." The Devil answered.

"Hmm." Grindelwald turned his gaze back towards Yasha, an odd look on his face before he walked towards him. Yasha stiffened as he felt the bony elongated finger flick aside some of his hair as he stared directly into Yasha's eyes.

"To think two of my dreams would link across time in such a way…"

Yasha faltered and looked away from the gaze, unable to hold it any longer.

"It seems it is fate, young Romanov, that your mother lived when so many of your family did not. I suppose it likes binding me to my actions."

It was only moments later that Grindelwald walked away and he felt himself being pushed towards the chair and he wanted to beg, to plead for them to stop but he stopped himself, half because he knew it was pointless and the other half because he didn't want to break.

"Do not resist in any way." The Devil's words forced his body to relax and he felt in agony at his helplessness as his arms and feet were being tied against the chair.

He didn't know why they were doing this, why they wanted him to hurt like this an-

"Stop thinking."

He stopped thinking.

"Remember Orphanage Seventeen."

Memories of his time at the orphanage played across the forefront of his mind, memories of cruel matrons and sadistic priests.

"You're no longer in the Camps. Forget that you are Yasha. You are now Corvus and all you've known is the Orphanage and you remember everything." He was Corvus and he was in his shared dorm that he shared with five other boys, boys who hated him and tormented for his freakish nature, who called him a Satan worshipper.

"And presently, Matron Beatrice is wroth with you."

Agony struck him, darts of fierce pain travelling up his arms, pain that came from the knife that was being put into his hand and dragged to his left whilst it was in his hand.

"The matron tells you are a product of abomination. You believe her. You hate the unnaturalness that you have."

He hated himself. He hated the unnaturalness that was inside of him. He was evil and he deserved his suffering. He deserved to be hurt. It was the only way to be free of the Devil's gift.

For hours, he suffered at the hands of the Matrons, at the hands of the Father, agonising pain as he was tortured for his salvation, and had he been able to perceive anything outside of the web of illusions his tormentors had built in his mindscape, he would have seen and ashy hue of magic around him that darkened with every hour that passed. Corvus wasn't sure when he lost consciousness.

By the time he flittered in and out of consciousness he was somehow afloat in a strange place, the sight of darky inky moaning walls dominating his senses beyond the sensations of agony and exhaustion that paralysed him.

'This must be hell…Father has failed to save my soul…' he thought to himself as he drifted out of consciousness.

Corvus felt cold hands on his face as he awoke, sounds of a quiet lullaby sung to him. It was oddly…familiar…?

A pained gasp exhaled through his pained body, weak as it was to conjure anything other than the horror of what he was seeing.

An eyeless pale woman with sunken in cheeks and ratty hair stared down at him, singing that strangely familiar lullaby. "Demon……." Corvus rasped out fearfully as he tried to get out of her grasp with little success.

A saddened smile came across the woman as she continued to sing the lullaby, a lullaby he knew the words to, as her hands moved towards the side of his head.

She kept on singing, she kept on stroking his face gently and he stopped fighting but he didn't know why, he didn't know why he didn't feel like this the demon it so clearly was.

He wasn't sure how long the lullaby went by but a moment after she stopped she whispered with a kind and hopeful smile "Remember Yasha...remember your mother…remember your sister…remember Paris…remember us."

"I'm not Yasha" he denied. The pain he felt began to be overwhelmed by the pain in his head and he felt himself spiral into a numbing paralysis, his very mind on fire.

"You are Yasha Augustan, Yasha Romanov. You are my son, my beautiful son. Remember." At first, there was nothing and then the demon began to repeat it, again and again until…like a light at the end of a tunnel…they came.

Memories flashed across the mind of Corvus, no Yasha, memories of Austria, of Luxembourg, of Paris. Of his mother who sung to him and taught him and loved him, his sweet sister he adored and looked out for.

He remembers the Cell, he remembers the hunger, the torment placed upon his baby sister and his mother, he remembers the way their tormentors are destroying his family like all the other families they destroyed already.

"Shushhh, my sweet, sweet boy" his mother said chokingly as excruciating pain still pierced every fibre of his being, his face contorted in a silent mask of a scream for no words, no sounds could escape from his breaking body.

Time seemed to slow to a crawl as his mind reordered itself, his mind pushing away the false memories his tormentors implanted into his mind, and by the time the pain that overwhelmed any physical pain ceased, he was delirious, as he always was after it.

He didn't know why they did this.

His mother had said that there were other ways, other more permanent ways to warp the mind, yet this is what they chose, to create two sets of memories that frayed at who he was, who they wanted him to be.

Why, the orphanage, why make the muggles so evil, he didn't know. He didn't care to know. Neither did his mother though sometimes, he thought he could see the fear in her face when he spoke like emotionless Corvus.

He hated everything in this cursed place. And most of all, he hated himself. It was clear that it was Yasha they wanted and he felt so much guilt about it. And he feared that his mother and sister were only being kept alive to torment him.

It was his fault, he thought despairingly to himself and had he not been born, his mother could have escaped and never caught and his mother and sister would have lived happily and safe.

And he feared the day that he no longer remembered.

When he was Corvus forever and never again Yasha.

And he knew that it was working…it was getting harder to separate Corvus and Yasha and to make it worse, his magic had been changing ever since that first day, that first time, and he could feel the parasite growing inside of him.

He'd kept it from his mother, keeping her unaware of his fears of what was happening inside of him but she'd known something was wrong, that what was happening was dangerous and awful but she couldn't remember why.

"It's alright…it's alright…" and his mother began to sing to him again and he felt his sister curl up to him and he drifted off to sleep once more

???? Spring 1940 – Camps ????

Squeaks and pattering of tiny feet accompanied the deathly smell of rot and decaying food.

Cold floors, cold air, freezing heart.

"Eat." Yasha insisted as he weakly pushed the gamely meat to his sister with broken hands. She was unresponsive, staring at the cold grey wet stones that made for walls.

Hollowing cheeks. Dead blue eyes.

"Maria."

Still now, days later, her hands still clung on tightly onto the bloodied knife with days' old blood caking it. Last time he tried to take it from her, she tried to use on him. That was two sleeps ago.

He silently brought the gamely raw meat to her lips and with his other, worse off hand, loosened her jaw. After he set the meat onto her tongue, she came into life once more. If it could be called life.

"Psst" rang across from the hallway.

Yasha ignored the irritating boy and focused on his sister. It disturbed him, to think that once he'd felt such rage at his sister's condition and that now all that he felt was but a shadow of such emotion.

Fierce became mild. Yearning became distant interest. Love became…

He tore of another strip of meat of one of the cooked rat and fed it to his sister.

"I'll tell you a secret if you throw me a rat."

Yasha didn't respond as he continued to feed his sister.

An air of frustration sifted through the irritating boy's mouth.

With almost everyone else around them dead, the boy has gotten more bold in his insanity, even laughing at the guards when they tried to silence him brutally.

To the point that they simply stopped caring.

He must be important to them if they weren't going to push to make him comply to every bit of their whims. He noticed that. That some had greater protection than others. Like prized cattle who had to be perfect before they were slaughtered.

And it would be slaughter.

Slaughter of the person, slaughter of everything they used to be, until all that was left was the person whom they spliced together the pieces of his mind.

The drive of Yasha. The emotionless Corvus and his history and his hatred of muggles.

The death of his mother was timed to shatter the links that held the dam that separated the bodies of water that was Yasha and Corvus. And Maria…Maria was to be the quake that destroyed any chance of rebuilding that bridge.

A broken vessel, a perfect weapon.

"Fine, fine, I'll tell you anyway!" the irritating boy said in frustration, lowly but audibly still muttering to himself that he'd better get a meal out of it.

"The magical world is at war!" the irritating boy said gleefully.

Hmm.

He spoke next and it was low, fraught with conspiratorial intent "And we might actually be used soon."

That was another reason for why he found the boy irritating.

There was a bloodlust in the boy that he found boring.

Oh and the hatred. It was common. Pointless.

Still…

It was useful to know at least. If it was true. If it'll matter.

A strand of darkness formed form his back and sharpened before with lightning speed it pierced through a rat that ventured a little too closely to the iron bars.

With a flick of the strand of magic, he'd thrown the rat towards the irritating boy who caught it readily. "Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes" the irritating boy repeated before he saw the silhouette of flames.

The boy could levitate but lacked the accuracy to bring something to himself. Destructive magic however? That came more easily to the irritating boy.

The days trickled on by, rat after rat was caught, sometimes mixed with the slop of food they were fed, sometimes they were eaten on their own or stewed in the filthy water that poured out of the pipes, and soon enough it was time again for his therapy.

He no longer feared the 'Pighouse'.

Fear…fear didn't matter. Survival did not matter.

'Was there anything that mattered…?'

As he was led out of his cell, he glanced back at his sister, who didn't even notice that he was leaving, and icy waters dripped down from his freezing heart.

Yes…

She still mattered.

Something still mattered.

Winter 1941 - Camps

He leaned his head against the wall, his arms hanging loose as he perched his elbows on his knees, his gaze fixed onto his scarred hands as Cullaica's whistles rang around the empty hallways, eerie whistles that bounced off against the black walls.

He'd been here a few days now. Being healed.

He turned his hand around, his gaze following the scars that travelled across his hand, scars inflicted on him by Father Al- no…

That isn't right…

Or was it…?

He seemed to remember it was so…

But he also thought there was something else…

Someone else…

He looked up and turned his gaze towards the iron bars.

Ah…yes…they were here to get healing…they were damaged – eyeless kind woman smiled at him – …dangerous – the muggles did so much damage, my boy – …they wanted to heal them – cold sunken eyes that he instantly didn't like –…before they hurt other magicals – screams and wails as he remembered being held –…yes…that was bad…

That's what they said…

…Why was it bad…?

To hurt…others…?

He doesn't know why…but does it matter?

Why…?

Why does it matter…?

He looks down on his hands. They want him to heal so that he can help others from hurting like he was hurt. That muggles were the danger to everything…

…he doesn't feel it.

It was…

Odd…

His memories feel like flakes – image of a strange baked bread, a croissant, how do I know that…? – falling to pieces as he tries to remember.

Was that why he doesn't feel the hate they said he felt…?

Hmm…

He leaned his head against the wall, Cullaica's whistles were not horrible. He liked it. Hmm…has he liked anything before…? Corvus doesn't remember.

He only remembers what he didn't like. The boys in his dorm. The Matrons. The Father. Muggles. His memories say that he didn't like them.

Maybe he doesn't feel it because it was so long ago.

Or maybe he stopped feeling much of anything.

When did that happen…?

He isn't sure…

His memories show only the orphanage…nothing else…is that normal…? Maybe he stopped remembering things that he had once liked…is that possible…?

"Corrrrrrvus" Cullaica called out in a jaunty note. He liked doing that. It was strange. It felt familiar too. Why…? He only met the boy a few days ago.

He got up in one swell motion, his bare feet pattered against the cobbled black stone floor. They'd given him shoes. He found he liked no shoes better.

He wasn't sure why…at the orphanage he had shoes.

He got to the iron bars and he stuck his head in between them and looked to towards the direction where Cullaica was.

He was looking directly at Corvus with a large grin. His face was ugly. There were many scars on his face. He wondered if it would be like touching his own scars.

Suddenly, the skin on his face began to vibrate like when one dropped a stone in a calm pool of water – coins were thrown in a wide river atop a bridge – and the scars disappeared. Cullaica's grin grew wider. Manic. Pleased.

Cullaica seemed good at magic.

"Ah, there you ah-are!" Cullaica said manically as he poked out his hand and waved towards him with only his fingertips. Cullaica was weird. But a good weird…

Could weird be good…?

"What do you want…?" he asked of Cullaica.

Cullaica guffawed "nothing! Can't friends just talk?! It's not like we have anything else to do!"

"…friends?" - a terrible whistle to accompany a good whistle to a faceless girl – friends. Were they friends…? He seemed familiar. And he didn't not not feel anything towards Cullaica. Maybe he was right…

"Yes friends." Cullaica levied a dark wild eyes towards him. It looked dangerous. But it didn't feel dangerous. "Only a few days and I know you. We have to be friends."

Corvus mulled it over before he nodded slowly. Friends made sense.

Cullaica looked happy with that. He seemed to feel a lot. Is that how Corvus was meant to be…? He considered it. No…the way he was felt right.

Like nothing mattered…

"Good. Good, good, good." Cullaica said as he stared at Corvus.

There was a silence after that outburst. It went on for a bit. So did the staring.

He stared back.

Is this what friends did…?

Cullaica guffawed. "You're strange." Cullaica said with a manic grin.
"You're strange." Corvus responded. It was true. He was very different. Like a muggle. Cullaica guffawed, almost sounded like he was giggling – a tiny girl giggled as she run behind a sofa – and grinned at Corvus.

"I think I'll have to make the bulk of the conversation, my bestest friend!"

The days and weeks fell into a routine.

He was brought to the Healer every day – scream, agony, scream, agony – who would check and his magic and his memories and ask questions like 'How do you feel about muggles' or 'Do you want to hurt anyone' or 'Are you feeling better'.

He answered how he was expected to answer.

'I hate them', 'Only muggles and the matrons and the Father', 'I feel the same'.

Words that felt like he should say. He did not know why but he trusted it.

Cullaica talked. For the both of them. He didn't dislike it. It was nice to stop the strange images sometimes. He often whistled. Always the same tune.

Sometimes he'd talk about the war with the muggles. So too would the healer Like today, he thought to himself as he was walked back to his Cell.

That it would be time soon for them to help to destroy them. Saying soon they'll get wands and books and tutoring to help the cause. Said that Corvus would be important. His magic was special. More special than Cullaica's.

He wasn't so sure. His magic seemed dangerous. It wanted to hurt. To destroy.

But maybe that was why he was more special.

He thought about it a lot. What they wanted from him. To hurt. To destroy.

They seemed to want it a lot from him.

He considered it. Their wants. Turns out it didn't matter to him.

Nothing matters really mattered to him…why…?

"Ah, friend, all good?" Cullaica asked the same question he would ask every day. Sometimes he would different words to ask the same thing. Those were better days.

Corvus nodded. Cullaica looked pleased. "That's good. Well, I've got a new whistle, it's strange and I think I might have done it before. Anyway, listen, listen, listen!" Cullaica began to whistle and Corvus stilled.

"Move it boy." The guard behind him growled out and Corvus felt the urge to obey but he couldn't. Cullaica continued to whistle and then…it happened.

A roar of a cry ripped out of his mouth as he clutched his head, the air in the room turned heavy, thunderous with magic, wisps of dark tusks of magic seeping out of his body as memories played out like a reel, storming through the forefront of his mind.

Austria, Luxembourg, Paris. He began to feel, pain, pain, PAIN, yet he felt more and more and more. He remembered his mother, he remembered his sister. And he felt it all.

Joy, sadness, hope, disappointment, happiness, anger.

And he remembered everything since. The pain. The torment. The agony. His withering sister. His murdered mother. He remembered their deaths.

HATE, HATE, HATE, he felt so strongly.

He felt what he lost, he felt it so keenly, he felt the guilt, the overwhelming guilt 'It's YOUR FAULT YASHA!' oh, mother, I'm so, so sorry.

An agonised scream ripped from his mouth, yearning grasped towards the heavens – grasps that were finding purchase – and magic shattered around him, bulking, tempestuous magic of black and ash and uncaged magic twisted together in an unholy mixture and his form disappeared into a storm of swirling mass of ashy black.

All of the hate, all of the pain and the suffering culminated in the bulking mass of hungry destruction and he was aware, no he knew of the chaos his transformation has caused.

They had caged Yasha. In oaths. In bonds. In fear.

He was Yasha no more.

He was more.

He was less.

He hunted.

Walls were putty under his power. As putty as flesh as he ripped through a horde of guards, their spells only causing the dullest of aches.

He continued to follow the hallways. Killing and devouring.

His hunger wasn't satiated. It would never be satiated.

Not until there was nothing left to devour.

As he changed back, in front of the half torn body of his chief tormentor, black wisps of his magic swirled around him, like tentacles made out of shadows.

A ghostly form came into view, a ghostly form of someone that he – Yasha – had once loved. Another ghostly form arrived. Another that the boy once named Yasha loved.

He looked at them.

They looked sad.

"I am not him." He said quietly to them.

They looked sadder.

Yasha had died many years ago.

He…he was less.

He was nothing.

Footsteps approached.

"Phew." He heard, recognising the familiar voice of Cullaica. The raging beast within fell back down to the ground, content enough to spare him.

"I knew my whistling is good but my bestest friend, I didn't think you had to go crazy about it."

He turned around and faced Cullaica, his mauve eyes bright with bloodlust and awe.

"I remembered." He said to Cullaica, Pierre.

"Remembered what?" Cullaica said dumbfounded.

"You'll remember too." He said to Cullaica before he turned around and faced the corpse of the healer, his eyes gazing down emotionlessly at the mangled corpse.

One day we are born. One day we die.

Life has no meaning.

Suffering has no meaning.

Death has no meaning.

There is no meaning.

There is no value.

There is nothing that is more and there is nothing that is less.

Nothing mattered…

And the world would come to understand that.

Just as Yasha did.

Yes…

One day…we are born.

And one day we will die.

And the world would come to understand that.

Present day

The memory-illusions faded away into dust, fresh anguish and pain and hate coursed through him in ways that he had not felt for many decades.

The emptiness, the half-soul that he possessed was being torn apart, ripped into shreds as memories long forgotten but always present in his actions left their lingering touch on his mind.

The dark lance of his obscurus was extended out of him but it had stopped half way, and did not respond to his Will. His body was as still a statue, and so too was his magic, helpless against whatever magic held him so.

The ghosts of his mother and sister appeared beside him and began to envelop him.
Sayre stood there with his arms behind his back, pity and sadness and empathy shines through Sayre's face, fleshy human emotions directed towards him not since he was but a boy.

"…I'm sorry."

"Why?" he asks, still unable to move, no matter his attempts. His very body and magic was fighting against his will.

"Our world destroyed you." Sayre says.

His sister stepped in front of him and Sayre directed his gaze towards her, complex emotions played out on his face.

For a man known to be a master of the mind arts, he was emotive.

Given that he managed to unleash memories locked up into the dark depths of his mind, he expected that it was not genuine.

His tragedy was irrelevant.

The tragedies he created were irrelevant too but not to Sayre or others.

"Your hate for it is justified. I'd do no less in your position." Sayre says

"I feel no hate."

Sayre looks at him pityingly.

"Perhaps not any more but you are driven by hate. I understand."

"You'd do more." He questions.

"…Yes." Sayre says.

He believed Sayre. He was the type.

Atticus POV

"…Yes." Atticus admits.

Had he experienced what Yasha experienced, had lived through the horrors of watching your mother murdered in front of you by your own imperioused sister, and then see your sister starve herself to death, he'd hate everything that allowed that to happen.

He'd see the entire world burn for that.

Atticus was not a forgiving man.

And Yasha wasn't one either yet within him there was still something that prevented his rage to transcend beyond the magical world up until this point.

Burning down human cities were all that they planned, all that they tried to do, when they could have tried so much more. They cared nothing about either world yet no grand plans to destroy either world beyond what Cullaica and Yasha planned to do with the muggle cities.

Something prevented his rage to transcend beyond the magical world up until this point and it was the love for a city, the memory of it, and a love of a mother.

A city that he would have destroyed to rid himself of the last earthly bounds, forever dead but still alive in the memories of the world.

Much like his mother and sister were.

Atticus glanced at the ghost of Yasha's mother.

"Princess Elisa." Atticus respectfully bowed his head towards the ghost, an act that surprised both of the ghosts.

They were not normal ghosts…they were something in between, anchored to the material world not through 'unfinished' work but through the might and will of Yasha, who cannot let go, who will not let go.

They, his mother and sister, are his anchor, the reason why he acted, and he'd reached out to the Domain itself, somehow, to remember who he is…why he exists.

They are the stones that keep together The Raven, the Consequence to an indifferent world, to a world that could allow and facilitate the horrors that were inflicted to the innocent.

And they were also the anchors that allowed Yasha to return those same horrors to the world, first to the nobility and government systems that supported Grindelwald and his world views about worthiness and deservedness and then later to the common people, those same people who are blind to what was in front of them.

Pureblood doctrine was heightened to insane proportions for years, murder and cruelty was a standard way of life, the kind of life desired by those same peoples who tormented Yasha and his family, the same kinds of people who also supported Grindelwald and have a familial history of backing other Dark Lords that championed pureblood dogma.

Minds were ensnared as his mind was ensnared. Hurt was spread from family to family. Death was granted, at first discriminatory and then with blanket order.

Much of it done with the tacit agreement of those who supported The Raven and Cullaica.

And it was a game, Atticus thought grimly, a horror game that allowed them to fulfil their true purpose, to wade into the channels of the magical world and infect it from the inside until it was time to tear away almost everything good or bad indiscriminately until all that remained was a world of husks.

To bring it to as close to nothingness as possible.

Like what The Raven was. Like what Cullaica had been.

"I am sorry that our world has failed you and your family." Atticus said, meaning every word of it as his eyes darted to the pre-teen girl.

It was a travesty what Grindelwald facilitated, only matched by the horror show of Belgium at the hands of De Gaulle and of course at the hands of the Ravenites.

He knew not the exact reasons what Grindelwald had planned for Yasha, his only true successful stable Obscurus beyond Credence, but he suspected it was to unleash him onto the muggle world, his own version of a WMD, after likely assessed Credence unable to be the kind of monster he wanted.

Implanting memories and destabilising the mind was an odd choice but an effective choice and had Yasha remained, he did not doubt that there would have been a next step, a final step, that would have crushed what once made Yasha, the boy who'd loved Paris.

Yasha's mother did not respond, and neither did the sister. It was alright, they were past the point of apologies. Past the point that words can be used to express things.

Atticus turned his gaze back towards Yasha, hardness creeping into his expression.

"But I am not sorry for killing you." At this, the ghosts silently hissed, their visages akin to banshees and floated in front of Yasha.

He pitied them, the essences that did not belong here.

He could see that they were being harmed by their far too long presence on this plane of existence, in ways that normal ghosts were not.

Yasha turns his gaze upward, only his head and neck could move.

His soulless eyes gazing towards the heavens.

"Mars." Atticus explained, curiosity etched on his face. If Yasha was interested, he didn't show when he levelled those soulless eyes back onto him.

"How are you stopping me?" Yasha questioned, his quiet tone bereft of emotion, ignoring the comment Atticus made about killing him.

"A combination of things." Atticus answered, and would speak no more of it.

Out of all the archmages alive, excepting Emily, Yasha was by far the third closest Archmage with an uncanny ability to negate. He couldn't risk giving clues.

His magic, magic that once would have been a marvel to behold in the way he could understand magic through his own magic, turned into a polar opposite in a way, turning into a kind of magic that destroyed and countered anything and everything.

It would be a marvel to see him grow with a second chance.

He wondered if his ability to bring Essences were built on something, an exploitation of an already extant link between Yasha and the Domain.

Atticus exerted a force of Will, and blades of pure magic formed in front of him before they destroyed the obscurus lance in totality.

The blades of magic began to circle around him as he begun to step closer to Yasha who was still rooted to the spot.

Magical dampening fields were en-runed underneath the red sands of Mars and grey nanites surrounded everywhere around them.

Nanites that Yasha had breathed in, and nanites that were stuck on his skin. Nanites that were affecting his mind and affecting his body and magic.

Connections between Yasha's Will was disrupted, control centres of the mind were suborned, and his magic was tightly subdued.

There would be no battle today.

Atticus had enough of battles amongst his own kind.

When Atticus was only a few feet away from Yasha, he came to a stop and inspected the man before him. Coal black hair, coal black eyes.

Once upon a time, those had been dusty brown hair and light brown eyes.

"It doesn't matter." Atticus said as he waved his hand and a light glow emanated.

The ghosts were pushed aside and it was the first reaction he'd seen from Yasha.

Atticus turned towards Elisa who stared at him with hatred in her eyes.

How strange to see such a look of hate from a woman who was brimful of love.

"You have a choice." Atticus said to Elisa whose hateful visage turned to a suspicious glare. He continued "The Raven…Yasha…both of them will die today. But his soul does not have to leave this plane of existence."

He'd discussed it with Emily. She hadn't been happy with what he was saying to her, to offer a choice to The Raven who ironically took away the choices of many others.

But he'd Seen this moment so many times. So many different instances, slightly different than the other. It was a sobering experience and it is a sobering experience, to learn the kinds of evil that inspired that same evil onto the world.

Sobering and sickening and pitiful.

Yet…

There was something that resonated with him…the way the ghosts protected Yasha. Despite their corruption. Despite the horrible things Yasha had done.

He knew that letting go of Yasha, letting him pass on would waste an incredible resource, one that potentially could lead him to understand other forms of interaction with the Domain, much like how the Stone had interacted with the Domain, but…

Elisa had looked murderous for a moment before she blinked in surprise, not understanding what he meant.

Atticus expanded as he shot Yasha a short glance, and he saw Yasha's coal black eyes seem less lifeless though whether or not it was positive or negative, he couldn't quite say. He met Elisa's gaze. "I have the ability to effectively reincarnate living people. Yasha would die but his soul would be reborn into another body. He would live a good life, a safe life with family that will love him."

Elisa was shocked at that.

"Living people?"

Atticus turned back toward Yasha who'd asked. He gave a grim nod. "Only living people. When your Time is due, it is final." This was interference enough, Atticus thought. This was perhaps already treading the line when it came to interference with the matters of Life and Death.

Maybe he could figure out a way to bring the dead back but he wouldn't even try.

He had too much respect for both Aspects.

Elisa looked ponderous when she looked at him, until that look turned into one of question. 'Why'. Atticus nodded silently, conveying his understanding.

Atticus turned to Yasha. "I will not lie. Your soul, your essence is powerful. No matter what blood will course your veins, you will be an Archmage."

"You seek to use me."

Atticus smiled faintly. "Of your own free will."

"A rat in a maze is still a rat in maze."

Atticus' smile grew larger "is anyone anything other than a rat in a maze? We all have walls and boundaries that keep us to a path. Even myself."

"Some have wider walls."

Atticus nodded as his smile fell. "That is true. And you would have such wide walls too. I'm not interested in automatons with warped minds." Atticus said calmly though hardness etched his face and coldness shone through his eyes.

"Your warping is more subtle."

Atticus downturned his lips in a 'Eh' way. "So is the warping of good parents." Atticus said dismissively. All of society, whether magical or muggle were warping society to one way or another. It was a fact of life. His and Emily's way was drastic, to be sure, but drastic measures were needed to tilt the magical world to a better future.

Atticus turned his gaze to Elisa who was watching their interplay. "As for why give him a second chance…it is not for him" Atticus said with a nod towards Yasha before returning his attentions to Elisa.

"It is for you." Atticus said honestly before he turned towards Maria. "And for you, Princess Maria." Atticus said earnestly before continuing.

"If I do this, there is no guarantee when whomever Yasha turns into will remember you upon death. This will be total cleansing of his soul. Of his crimes. Of his experiences. All of his experiences. He'll be a newborn."

They were victims, innocent victims who Atticus had great empathy for.

The choice would be theirs.

Elisa turned his gaze towards Yasha whose expression twitched as he stared at his mother. "No." the denial was sharp, cutting, actual emotion seemed to riddle it.

Elisa looked saddened as she floated towards Yasha with an outstretched hand. She seemed to emote so many different messages in her expressions alone.

"No." Yasha said again, forcefully, his expression breaking as anger took hold. "I will not forget you…never. Do not make it happen."

Maria then floated in front of Yasha and placed her hands onto Yasha's face and the anger broke. Maria's child face was only a foot away from Yasha's face, a face belonging to a soul, an essence, that will never know live again.

"Please." Yasha said quieter this time, his coal black eyes lightening. "I cannot."

Elisa stared at Yasha for a long while, sadness and consideration on her face.

"It has always been just us. Only us. Do not take that away from me."

Atticus knew then that Elisa would not deny Yasha the certainty of being with her and his sister again. It was a certainty whenever he added those three sentences.

Elisa's expression broke and turned to him. She shook her head sadly.

He wasn't disappointed.

It was a choice that was difficult to quantify. A selfish choice. A selfless choice.

Atticus smiled faintly at Elisa before he smiled to Maria and the blades of magic sped forward and sunk into Yasha's chest, tearing through the dragon hide robes and a quiet gasp escaping his lips.

Atticus silently watched as Yasha chokingly breathed his last few breaths until there were no more and the light of his coal black eyes went out.

He turned towards Maria and Elisa, the cords of magic that bound them to Yasha fading away and Elisa only stared at Yasha's corpse for a moment before her eyes widened and smiled to herself, a smile that Maria shared.

Maria faded away, a column of off-white light flashed for a second, a column of off-white light that seemed to stretch on endlessly into the skies.

Elisa began to fade away but not before glaring at him though…just as she was on the cusp of disappearing into the Domain, she gave Atticus a shadow of a smile.

Atticus stared at where Elisa had once been.

He hadn't bothered to tell her of their familial connection, of his mother having been second cousins to Elisa's mother. He wondered if she'd known and if she'd decided against searching mother out. For fear of being betrayed like her family had been betrayed by their vassals.

Yasha's body relaxed as it began to levitate.

With another exertion of Will, the ground began to open up, seven feet by two feet, six feet deep. He levitated the body into the ground with care and for a moment he only looked at the man's face.

In the end, cruelty had begotten cruelty, a cycle of death and evil that had left unbroken since Grindelwald.

He found it fitting to make his death quick on the very planet that inspired tales and mythology of the God of War. A symbolic meaning to an end of meaningless death and mindless cruelty. An end of war amongst their own kind.

And also, perhaps there was a measure of guilt in his choice of leniency.

Guilt of allowing Yasha to exact his suffering onto the world as long as he did. Guilt of the tens of thousands of other magicals he'd allowed to die or be tormented to suit his final plans to end such occurrences, once and for all.

Yasha's purpose was to be a pawn for Grindelwald and in the end Atticus had turned him into a Queen for his own plans.

An object flew out of his pocket and into Yasha's grave.

Atticus waved his hand and red sand began to pile onto Yasha's body and soon the ground was level again. The top layer of sand began to pile up before it turned into red stone and with a flick of his finger, words in Latin began to form.

'In Death, We Are Never Alone. Prince Yasha of the Most Ancient and Most Noble House of Romanov. Loving Brother. Loving Son.' The words spelled out.

A slow humming vibration was emitted from within the grave, a vibration a consequence of the field of energy that would ensure that the grave would remain unburied.

Atticus looked around. This was not an interesting place on Mars. It lacked the features that he knew would interest the likes of NASA or ESA.

But, in a couple of centuries, perhaps they would come across the grave.

A faint smile cut across his face as a portal opened. He wondered how much it would freak out the mundane scientists and officials out.

It'll be a fun conversation point many, many years from now.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Nov 25, 2023
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira, Kaya and 74 others
mosefboombox117
Oct 28, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 32 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Nov 11, 2023
Add bookmark
#403
I have finally reached the end of Odyssey of a Mage (Chapter 99 ). The wait between chapters will be a lot more structured now - every two weeks, I will post another chapter.

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!

Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst the rest of the chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 32


6th​ of January, 1973 – The Evans', Avalon Heights

Lily J. Evans POV

FIRST MILANESE TRIALS SET TO BE COMMENCE ON SPRING EQUINOX
By: Henrik Valdoon

The Commune Tribunal, the body of international judges selected for sitting in judgment of the Ravenites, has announced that the first trials shall commence on the 20th​ of March 1973, the Spring Equinox.

As readers may recollect, this will initiate the trials of almost sixteen thousand Ravenites and collaborators, an unprecedented and staggering numbers of trials.

Though it should be said it is likely that a large percentage of trials are going to be unconventional. Out of the sixteen thousand indicted men and women, a significant proportion are likely to be considered 'mentally unsound' as a consequence of heinous mind tampering over years that some experts have said is 'irreversible'.

A fate, as readers will be relieved to recollect, last-of-their-line orphans from Central and Eastern Europe have been fortunately been spared from.

However, it should still be noted that thousands of Ravenites and collaborators have been confirmed to have participated in the murders and horrific crimes throughout the past twenty years and this reporter can easily understand why the Illosian and Avalonian governments have reached out to the worldwide magical community to assist in these upcoming proceedings.

Not only to help with the large number of trials that must be conducted but also because of symbolism. The Daily Prophet understands that with the grave crimes committed by the untampered Ravenites and collaborators against the magical world, Their Majesties the King and Queen advocated in opening up the proceedings for the attentions of the entire magical world.

'His and Her Majesties are deeply concerned that in the space of fifty years, there has been two vicious world wizarding wars. The Milanese Trials is as much to sit in judgement of the perpetrators of the Raven War as it is to open the eyes of the wizarding world so that another war doesn't happen again.' A government official who asked to remain unnamed had said.

The Daily Prophet wholeheartedly agrees with the sentiment of Their Majesties.

A permanent solution must be found.

With estimates ranging from sixty thousand to as high as one hundred and fifty thousand magical casualties (squibborn, squib and Magical Being deaths is estimated to be a quarter to a half of total casualties), the Ravenites have been directly responsible for the greatest loss of magical life in over eight thousand years of recorded magical history.

Only the Olympian-Persian magical wars in the fourth century B.C. have had a greater loss of life as a percentage of world wizarding population and that of other magical races.

Combined with the estimated death toll of fifty thousand wizards and witches in the Grindelwald war, wizarding casualties can go as high as ten percent of global wizarding population and for other magical races such as the Sirens, Goblins and even Giants, it is estimated that anywhere between twenty to eighty percent of their populations have died in the decade before the Raven War during the Blood Purity Purges.

This should be very frightening, my dear readers, and it should be clear that a permanent solution to the constant rise of Dark Lords and dangerous dogma – like blood purity which has ironically decimated and extinguished many bloodlines – and The Daily Prophet hopes the trials can lead to those solutions.

Read more on Page Three on the accusations that are expected to be levied…

She tried to go to page three but found herself unable to, much to her frustration. 'Parental lock engaged. To remove lock, provide passphrase or provide a sample of your magic to confirm age of majority'. She sighed at the notification and morosely returned to the front page of Daily Prophet program-feed and set aside the still-on holo-tablet onto the bed.

Her parents had been concerned about the news that had been filtering through the news and didn't want her or Tuney to read things that they shouldn't be reading…according to them.

She didn't really get it, why they were so concerned, when she could literally call her friends and ask them to send a picture of the newspaper, and she planned on doing so later anyway.

She turned her head towards her sister and saw that she was still watching that silly holo-vid of how to increase potency of beauty potions and balms.

Ever since Tuney discovered that new program on the magi inter-network where people could upload vids of all sorts of things, all she did in her spare time was look up potions and beauty things and when they overlapped…

Not even an earthquake could move her away from her holo-tab.

She looked away from her obsessive sister and turned her head towards the ceiling and she let off a sigh. She'd wanted to visit Marlie during the Yuletide break but she'd gone to Milan with her father and her brothers and she didn't really want to see her other friends at the moment except for maybe Mary but Mary was probably playing Three-Peller at this time of day and she didn't care to watch the sport.

She could always study and practice more magic but she'd already done that earlier in the morning and she hadn't had any new ideas she wanted to work on and she wasn't really all that able to think of anything new, she'd found out.

She was far too distracted with that.

And she had also caught up with her shows so unless she wanted to re-watch old episodes – she didn't – or unless she wanted to try new ones – she wasn't in the mood – there was nothing for her on the M-TV. And she'd looked through the winter and the new spring catalogues for new dresses or shoes and she didn't particularly want to feel bemoaned at being unable to get the pretty but pricey ones.

She blew air out of her lips at an angle, the strand of her bright red hair that been on the right side of her face cast away. She was bored…so, so bored.

So much so, that she didn't even mind talking to Tuney about her stupid boyfriend.
"Tuney…"

Her sister turned her face towards Lily, irritation clearly showing on her face.

"What?" Lily winced at the irritated tone of voice.

"Just wondered if your friend is going to be there in Milan like Marlie will be." Lily said with a glance to the holo-tab which Petunia caught.

Tuney turned her eyes towards the holo-tab and returned her gaze back to Lily, a faint prideful look on her face although there was a smidge of annoyance there too.

"Boyfriend." Petunia said irritated before her irritation fell away and a dreamy look appeared on her face. "And soon to be my intended as well."

Lily snorted and was subjected to another irritated glare. Dad won't sign any betrothal contract any time soon, she thought to herself wryly. Tuney was only fifteen and Tuney knew it too but for some reason she was being crazy about it.

Besides, this Quincy Wakefield did not seem all that great anyway. She hadn't met him but Tuney had described him enough to her. Uppity and vain, was what Lily thought of at the end of Tuney's gushing over the boy.

The Wakefields were a young noble family, having given their status as nobility about a hundred years ago through an ancestor who'd earned a posthumous Merlin First Class for saving the life of the then-Minister from an assassination attempt, so she didn't understand why this Quincy thought he could be uppity.

'Plus it's not as if he is anything special since he attends Tuney's school' Lily winced internally at the meanness of the invading thought.

"Anyway" Petunia said with a drawl, still glaring somewhat at Lily. "He's not going but his grandad is. Although he said he had the opportunity to go and he didn't want to."

"Really?" Lily asked her sister, managing to avoid the scepticism she felt at the idea of this boy rejecting going to the Trials from her voice.

"Yes" Tuney said with a gushing look on her face "He said that he didn't want to be away from me for months and decided not to go."

Lily began to laugh-snort, loudly and earned herself a scathing glare. When she finally stopped, she looked at Tuney, with a hint of concern on her face "Tuney, he's lying to you. They were never going to let a boy attend the trials"

Even Marlie wasn't going to the trials, only her father was and she'd be back in time in time for the new Hogwarts term. No fifteen or sixteen year old would be missing school to attend trials.

'Let alone a boy like Quincy' Lily thought to herself.

"He's not lying." Tuney said with narrowing eyes "He's being…nice." Tuney said as she padded down her dress. "Maybe not the best way to about it but it's nice to be complimented, you know."

Lily looked stupefied by it before she realised "Oh" so Tuney knew it was a lie but she wanted to think the best of him? "Tuney, he shouldn't lie to you if he's your boyfriend." Lily said earnestly.

She didn't like the look of pity in Tuney's eyes. "Oh Lily." Tuney began with a pitying voice. She already knew she wouldn't like what Tuney would say even less.

"When you get a boyfriend, many years from now, you'll understand." Tuney said sweetly. Lily narrowed her eyes. Tuney knew that Lily didn't like being talked down like that, ever.

"Understand what?" Lily asked affronted "That lying arses are terrible boyfriends?"

Tuney's sweet and condescending look evaporated away and anger flashed as she spoke "What do you know about relationships? You're still a baby" Tuney said angrily before she shook her head "Enough. Leave." Tuney demanded.

She didn't want to leave yet "Tuney………I'm sorry, I didn't mean it" Lily whined a little pathetically as she turned her head to her sister with an imploring expression.

"I'll make it up to you…we can play wizarding chess? Or wizarding Monopoly?" she asked with a tremulous but hopeful smile. Tuney liked playing both.

And it should maybe kill a few hours of boredom.

Her sister stared at her unimpressed before sharpness grew in her eyes. "You're just saying that because you're bored." Lily winced and Tuney looked triumphant. "You always do this when you are out of ideas."

Lily only helplessly shrugged.

Tuney glanced at her holo-vid that was still paused before she turned her attentions back at Lily before she pressed her lips thinly. "You need a hobby" Tuney said with a deadpan before she narrowed her eyes.

"And you need to leave my room. You're bothering me" Tuney said sternly.

"Ugh. What hobby is there for me to take?" Lily said exasperated and fully intent on ignoring Tuney's stern command for her to leave.

"Everything is either sports or duelling and I don't like either of them." Honestly, the wizarding world wanted brawl or speed or to fling about magic for hobbies.

"Just because that is what everyone at Hogwarts likes or pretends to like, doesn't mean that is all there is, Lily." Tuney said with a roll of her eyes.

"You could try out dancing?" Tuney suggested and Lily could hear the teasing in her voice and she gave Tuney a glare at which Tuney snorted.

They both knew she was as graceful as a stick.

Tuney sighed before she peered at Lily. "You don't have to have a normal hobby like everyone else. You could sign up at the Morgana Observatory or you could, I don't know, be a boat enthusiast." Tuney said exasperated.

"Boat enthusiast?" Lily asked flabbergasted.

"I don't know, okay?!" Tuney said snappishly "Some skinny little irritating twerp in my class always talks about boats and the like so if it's good enough for him, it might be good enough for you, you skinny little twerp!"

"You missed irritating in your name calling." Lily returned waspishly.

"It wasn't missed, it was implied!" Tuney returned with equal waspishly to Lily.

Sister glared at sister with heat and anger frizzing in between them until Lily backed down and curled her lips downward. Tuney also backed down though not without a sigh as she sat up and stared at Lily "What is wrong, anyway? Usually you always find something to do." Tuney commented.

Lily also sat up. "I don't know…" Lily said with a sigh and a shrug. "I'm a bit distracted I guess."

"Boys?" Tuney asked and the eager inquisitiveness in her voice made Lily look up.

"What? No." Lily denied and it was true as well.

She had little interest in boys, not like her friends who seemed to fawn over the likes of the Greengrass, Black and the Diggory heirs.

Tuney seemed to inspect her face and must have found the truth because she harrumphed disappointed before turning to stare at her. "Then what is it?" she asked impatiently. "Either tell me or leave." Tuney said threateningly.

"I'm stuck okay." Lily said frustrated with her hands thrown up.

Tuney eyed her carefully and Lily looked away from her look. "Everyone knows what they want to do." Lily admitted to her sister. "Marlie is probably going to follow her passion in magical architecture whilst Mary wants to be a teacher and Alice wants to become a botanist. I don't know what I want to do." she admitted.

Most of the other students knew what they were going to do. Even the other squibborn like her had a better idea of what they wanted to do than she did.

"This is about your electives?" Tuney asked.

"And everything after that." Lily admitted. There was so much for her to choose and she wanted to do everything. Runes, Arithmancy, Ancient Studies, Alchemy, Wandless Magic, Magical Theory and so many more electives! She could only choose four electives with her core studies and she had yet to select them.

"Lily…" Tuney sighed as she turned fully towards her.

"You're, as much as I hate saying it, quite brilliant. You're also very powerfully magically. You can do whatever you want to do, especially later. You're not even thirteen yet. It's fine for you not to know yet what you want to do."

"Easy for you to say." Lily muttered. Petunia was great at potions, better than she was at any rate and Lily was the best in her year. It was obvious she was going to do something with potions.

"Brat." Tuney said with a roll of her eyes. "Seriously you are hard work. I feel sorry for whatever boy is stuck with you." Tuney said with a teasing note.

Lily flashed brightly red, affronted and embarrassed. "I'm not hard work!"

Tuney only raised an eyebrow at her with a deadpan expression. "You receive a compliment and you make it almost worthless."

Lily looked away from her accusing eyes and Tuney sighed and she could hear that her sister was at her wits' end. "Look." Tuney began, drawing her attentions.

"Write down what you enjoy doing and look into what options are available." Tuney eyed intently "And in all honesty, I've always thought that you're end up at the Department of Mysteries or at SIMS as a researcher. You do have a knack with magic" Tuney admitted with a grudging note in her voice.

Lily was surprised "Really, you thought I'd end up as an Unspeakable?" she asked. She'd thought about the Department of Mysteries and especially SIMS to obtain a mastery in Charms and maybe more, but that was all really.

"Yes." Tuney said impatiently "I think there's like a summer program at SIMS tailored towards students to 'broaden one's thoughts about magic' or something like that which sounds like a baby Unspeakable would want to go to. You can look it up." Tuney narrowed her eyes.

"And now that you have something to obsess about, go…away. I'm tiring of this conversation. Scoot away from my room before I banish you out of it." Tuney said threateningly as she reached for her wand.

Lily quickly made her way out of the room with her holo-tab and made her way down the stairs, and looked up the DoM. She knew only a little about it, that it was a department of the Ministry and once part of a global organisation which researched and protected the world of all kinds of magic.

'Summer program SIMS' she looked up on the inter-network and found a link on the SIMS website and she began reading it. And the more she read it, the more she was liking it.

There was nothing specific about what would be thought but the people who would be guest lecturing was amazing! She recognised a few of the names who those who would be lecturing but the ones that caught her eyes were the Flamels who were still the headmaster and headmistress of the Institute, yet that was not all.

The King and the Queen would be lecturing too!

She realised she was standing on the stairs and quickly made her way to the bottom.

"Dad" Lily said eagerly as she walked into the living where he was going through some documents as the Holo was on. She glanced at the Holo and saw that he was watching a football match. She squinted and saw that it was West Ham v. Liverpool.

She sighed internally. He'd always watch a game or two of footy, especially when his team West Ham were playing. When dad found out that a bunch of people figured out how to connect the Holo channels to pick up on mundane broadcasts, he'd jumped on getting the Holo-Screen modified.

Her mother was pretty happy with it too, finally being able to watch Coronation Street again.

She shook her head and turned towards her father who looked up from his documents with a frown on his face. "Yes, Lili-bet?"

She smiled beautifully at her father and it was a look that made her somewhat wary. She shoved the holo-tab in front of him and he eyed it carefully. "I want to sign up!"

Little did she know it would be a choice that would change her life.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

29th​ of January, 1973 – Sayre Manor, Illos

Emily POV

A raspy hum escaped her throat as she became awake though the webs of sleep still clung onto her mind, webs that were being burnt off as she felt him pull her closer to him and the webs of sleep were flash burned into ash when he kissed her cheek and felt his endless love seep through their bond.

She opened her eyes, his scratchy chin scratching her cheek, and she turned around and caught his gentle look as he almost hovered over her, violet eyes bright with star-like emerald flecks. "Morning" she murmured, the corners of her mouth sharpening as her lips stretched into a pleased smile.

The gentle look made way for naked fondness "Morning" he returned as he leaned in and snatched a loving kiss from her, a kiss that fed warmth into her being.

She felt him smile against her lips, their lips still touching as Atticus spoke once more "I haven't seen you that restful in some time"

"The two months lack of sleep caught up on me" she admitted to him as she backed away a little and met his gaze, the silk sheets sliding away from her naked form as she reached out and touched his prickling cheek.

Clearing up the Ravenite mess was admittedly and irritatingly harder work than actually disbanding the nihilistic terrorist group. Russia, Hungary, Romania, Bulgaria, Norway, all of these nations were effectively without a rudder with every level of government implicated in the Ravenite cause.

And the other nations were only slightly better off which wasn't much in the grand scheme of things. The rebels that managed to survive were worn and beaten and far too bitter to be considered as leadership for the restored Ministries.

Fortunately, a proportion of the refugees that escaped those nations had worked for the overthrown ministries in one function or another and these people were proving to be very open to lead the restored ministries.

Much to her pleasure.

By the end of the war, there had been approximately eleven thousand refugees in Avalon with another three thousand having been granted citizenry in Illos and as some of these families, or specifically the elder generations returned to their homelands, the influence Illos would have on them would be supreme.

Of course, cashing in on that goodwill and debt would come years down the line and it offered poor satisfaction in the immediate term given how much she, Atticus and much of the Illosian leadership had to be involved in rebuilding governmental frameworks for well over a dozen countries.

And then there was the Miring-Gene-Array project, her experimentations with the Veil of Death with Sidwell and Rockwood, hers and Atticus' experimentations with Retro-Cognition into the Deep Past and there was the Exposure to guide…

Let's just say that last night was the first time in months since either of them had slept and neither of them could sleep well without the presence of the other so they often didn't bother until their bodies needed it.

Atticus hummed in affirmation as he leaned into her touch. He had been busy outside of their shared work too with how he was the main face behind the Milanese Trials even if they were not the ones who would be sitting in judgment of the collaborators.

Meetings after meetings with Presidents, Ministers and Chiefs, his time was hardly spent here in Illos, spending most of it in Italy whilst she spent it across Europe with Abraxas and other high ranking officials.

Knowing how crucial and how set they now were with politically dominating every single body of magical government, it would only be the start of how busy both of them would be when it came to politics.

"You need to shave" she remarked as she trailed her thumb across his scratchy cheek.

"You weren't complaining last night." Atticus said with a faint amused smile as he rubbed his other cheek with the back of his hand.

"It was of lesser importance last night." Emily said with a raised eyebrow before she channelled her magic through her hand. The evening shade of hair faded away from his cheeks leaving behind smooth skin and he was looking much better, much to her satisfaction.

Atticus lips curled further upward as he shook his head and leaned away from her.

"I was planning on letting it grow." Emily raised her eyebrow at that as she turned towards the side of the bed, the silk sheets falling away from her body and as she stood on her feet, her magic with a fraction of her attentions the silk sheets and the pillows were made and the bed pristine once more.

"If you wanted a beard you would have let it sprout in an instant. You were just being lazy." Emily returned with a raised eyebrow as she looked to him in her full naked glory. He'd already gotten somewhat dressed…if one could call underwear clothing.

Atticus chuckled "I was letting nature take its course." He said with a mild smile, his eyes trailing across her body.

"Overrated." Emily said with amusement before she felt Time with a pulse of her magic. "I have overslept" she said aloud, neither to herself or to Atticus specifically. She didn't need to conjure a clock to feel the flow of Time any more, not after her experiments with the phenomena and Living Time.

It was almost ten a.m. and it has been years, possibly decades since she'd slept in that long.

"It's fine, I've already told Doyle of the pushback of the meeting." Atticus said and grasped her attentions once more.

She smiled at him faintly before she turned her attentions towards the closet and a towel fly towards her that halted right in front of her. Whilst she didn't need to dry herself using a towel, she liked the feel of these enchanted towels.

She turned her gaze towards him and saw his royal Rosi clothing clothe him. He had a soft expression on his face, a softness to match his tone. "Go ahead without me. I'd like to play Cana's harp for a bit."

She had a quip on the tip of her tongue, that she was getting rejected for a harp but she knew that look on his face. She met his gaze for a long few moments before she turned away and walked off towards the bathroom.

Some time afterwards, after showering and getting dressed, she walked down the steps of their manor to the sounds of music, music that felt physical and music that rang with magic.

He'd gotten better with the harp over the years. Pandora loved his playing and as a child often pressed him to play for her, and the softie that he was, he'd always accede to the girl's wishes.

As she reached the bottom of the stairs, the heaviness of the magic the notes carried was noticeable, tangible, like the feeling of the mid-summer breeze on one's skin.

The music itself was one of his creation, one that he'd worked on for years though she'd never heard him play it, only having read it in his music notes. It has changed though, she noted to herself. It was more forceful, more demanding, more intense.

He'd always had a penchant of playing much that drew on emotions, whether they be hopeful, or melancholic or furious, and this piece of his was no different.

She found him seated in their living, notes and tomes laid strewn across the large table, with the harp in between his legs and his fingers dancing across the strings of the harp and frequencies of magic vibrated along with the vibrations of the strings.

Hues of magic, hues of every colour in the spectrum of magic, vibrated around and from Atticus, the image akin to the heat radiating from reflective metal with sunlight directed cast upon the metal at the height of summer noon sun.

His eyes were closed, his face set in stone and his expression was one of utmost immersion into the music…into the magic, like he was not the one creating it but rather the one through music and magic was channelled through.

As she sat across from him, she let go of the control over her magic, opening herself up to the magic, and she drew in a little breath as the momentousness of the music sank into her.

And momentous the music, the magic was…

It was akin to being adrift in the great Void at the centre of the galaxy, billions of stars radiating their light brilliantly all around you all whilst you were slowly being pulled into the hungry maw of the supermassive black hole that lay all too close and all too far from you.

As if to tell you of your insignificance yet at the same time tell you that you are of the greatest of significance, this was what the music was imbuing into her, to wonder and to acknowledge the gift of existence and her ability to perceive the universe in all of its glory.

The music was drawing her into a state of nirvana, into a state of understanding, pushing her and pulling her at the seams in the hopes that it would tear her at the centre so that the brilliance of existence would fill her with all of its glory.

The music began its transition, its path to completion, and it was akin to seeing, feeling, the stars around them die until all that was left was blackness, darkness, nothing, yet…

As the music began its spiral to the end, there was a note, a note that reverberated from the finest of touches of his fingers, and at the centre where the black hole had been…there was now a spark, no two sparks, the faintest, almost infinitesimally small lights, left behind as the music came to an end, a hope, a prayer, a belief, all wrapped into one single end note and despite it all, she was left with a kind of peace that seemed to etch itself into her being.

He reopened his eyes and it was as if the room was set alight with how bright his violet and emerald eyes were, and she realised that the sparks resembled his eyes.

"It's beautiful" she remarked to him and he smiled softly at her.

"I'm glad that it is" Atticus said as the harp flew away towards its place above the large fireplace. "I hoped that it was." Atticus turned her, a small amused smile on his face "And not at all egotistical" he said as his eyes dimmed and lost their glow, instead turning supernaturally bright as normal.

"About being the one symbolically to restart universe from the darkness?" Emily commented with a laughing lilt to her voice. "Personally, I think such arrogance is quite sexy." Emily said with a curl of his lips as she crossed her long legs.

At this, Atticus laughed as he moved his index finger laterally, the notes and tomes they'd spent a few hours yesterday on sorting themselves before being sent into a puncture in space, towards their dimensional library.

Emily snapped her fingers and the spacious room began to constrict, the walls moving inwards whilst the long table at the centre of the room grew in height. The sofa chair she was on grew in height also, and shape, as it was twisted into the shape of a dining chair and the table turned into a dining table.

Atticus began to walk towards the dining table, the sofa he'd been on melted away apart and spat out a dining chair that walked onto its legs behind Atticus.

"I wouldn't quite say arrogance but rather a hopeful determination." Atticus said with a twist of his lips as he moved to sit on air though the dining chair caught him perfectly.

Food began to appear on the table, croissants, eggs, bacon and more, and she picked up the glass of water and sipped it.

She knew why he'd been inspired to finish the music in the way that he did. The Milanese trials were the beginning of the end, the final song before the album ended, so to speak.

The inertia was there, of course, in terms of moving towards Exodus, but it needed them to grasp everything with a velvet glove that covered a steel hand.

The music was a reminder, mostly to himself she thought to herself, of how much depended on them getting it right.

They hadn't talked much about the Older version of Atticus, the man who let hubris seep into his bones but she knew that it haunted him. It was reflective in his actions…and his demeanour.

There used to be a kind of a grim acceptance about him, the kind that made him believe, even if he never admitted it out loud, that he was as much a Dark Lord as Grindelwald had been, especially as the death tolls began to spiral out of control.

At times she'd wondered if he'd spent looking into distant possibilities, of distant timelines, those where he'd choose an alternate path, an alternate way to irrevocably shift magical culture and societal issues, as a way to soothe this grim melancholic burn he felt on his spirit, a burn she knew had seared him with every death the Purists and the Ravenites had wrought upon Europe and Asia.

Yet now…there was none of that, at least not in the way it used to be.

Atticus had always been a stubborn one, so sure of his ways, much like she was yet infinitely more self-conscious of his himself, of his actions.

To see the end of their civilisation, something they'd spent half a century in building, and would spent the next however long nurturing and growing, had shaken that surety and made him to accept that the work never ends, will never end, not as long as they live and that the work could never be dark when it came to the forces they were fighting against, whether it may be to self-destruction or destruction by their enemies.

And that meant that the ridiculous concept of Dark Lords and so on died lest he replicate the same hubris and defeatism that plagued his alternate self.

She wondered though…so very often…

What had resulted in her being so complicit in the hubris that had befallen their civilisation? She wasn't sure and that was something she had little experience of, especially over the past few decades.

They dug into their breakfast in companionable silence before Atticus broke it.

"Emily…" She turned her attentions towards him. 'I have made a breakthrough with Retro-Cognition' he sent to the forefront of her mind and it surprised her.

Retro-cognition was the ability to learn of knowledge of a past event which could not have been learned or inferred by using mundane or normal magical means.

In a way, it replicated how the Domain worked, yet where the Domain was a realm of magic and consciousness that held within itself Essences of those who had died and recorded all that had existed since the Dawn of Time, Retro-Cognition instead relied on honing in on the connections that existed between life and magic.

Magic had a memory, of a certain kind. Runes were an excellent example of the capabilities and capacity of magic to store memories and understanding.

Runes and the way they worked were because a metaphysical manifestation born out of collective understanding of what the runes meant, a collective understanding by magicals, and it was etched into the magical field that permeated the universe like how symbols and letters were etched into the sandstones of the Ruins of the ancient city of Petra.

And it was this memory, this etching, that could be exploited.

Magic and life were inextricably linked together, just as consciousness of all living sentient beings were linked together in the sea of consciousness, and the linkage left traces in the great magical field that bound the universe together.

And it meant that all that was experienced, all that was lived, all that ever was, would never be forgotten, not completely, within the universal magical field.

They'd hit a block about how far they could extend the abilities, which was not far at all. They could only obtain knowledge of the past from the distance of seven days from Time-Present.

They'd gained some insight of how much could be gleaned from this ability, which wasn't much, but it was enough to hone in on locations of interest.

Yet, frustratingly, the most they could do was seven days. It was as if there was a hard limit they needed to get past.

Which was effectively pointless for their needs since they wanted to go extract knowledge millions of years of the past so that they could find and destroy the Xalanyn, the Forerunners, and, the Shaping Sickness, should it still exist in some form or another.

He smiled at her reaction before he drank of his glass of ice-tea. He continued 'A surprising lead as to how it came to be' Atticus said to her before he flashed events of a Timeline that could have been into her mind. Events and memories in which she was heavily featured in…as was a young woman with striking red hair.

She watched as she saw her alternate-self eye the woman with inspecting eyes, tell-tale signs that she was impressed by the woman, and she watched and learned as her alternate-self, Atticus and this woman furthered the ability to see far into the past, until they'd reached the point of seeing thousands of years into the past which they'd used to peer into the days of Atlantis through a viewing pane that hung into the air, and she watched as they celebrated the success.

The images came to an end and she took a few moments to absorb it.

With his ability to traverse Living Time, any solutions they needed could be, and was, accelerated into the present once the solution was Seen in the future.

An ability they largely used to deal with problematic elements of world society though now, with the threat of these Xalanyn and the Covenant, seeking out advancements in both magi-tech and magic and bringing it to the present to maximise their advantage was something he was doing more and more these days.

It lessened the satisfaction of achievement and it also robbed other people's work but in the end, the ends justified the means, especially since they were not completely heartless by not arranging the individual to achieve in something else.

Her musings came to an end and she turned her calculating gaze to him as her mind circled back to the red-haired woman. She'd not thought about it for a long time, this apprentice of hers, and hadn't cared enough to think further on it after Atticus wanted to keep it a 'surprise'. Now that she'd seen the look of her alternate-self, it was clear that she liked this woman. There were very few people she actively liked.

'She is my apprentice, isn't she? Your cousin.' She hadn't been exactly able to feel the Evans girl's strength in magic but from what she'd seen in her intuitiveness of magic, she wouldn't be surprised if she was a latent archmage.

Atticus smiled slightly and inclined his head slightly.

'She is. In that timeline you discover her rather late when she is working as an Unspeakable under the tutelage of Rockwood.'

'That is too late.' Emily told him absentmindedly as she thought on the situation. If she is a latent archmage, the earlier she receives intensive magical training, the better. Especially since she is from Avalon which, while is improving, doesn't stress the magical cores of children to the same extent as Illos' educational system does.

It wasn't as simple as either you're an archmage or you're not.

It was nuanced, as was most things in life or magic.

And they were still finding out more about the nature of power as time went on.

Outside of Illos, though it was changing slowly, typically most wizarding population had twenty percent of its population as warlocks in power scaling and about two percent as Sorcerer level, and each of these scaling had their own nuances which could be colloquially considered as Low, Mid and High level which could be improved either through early years training or through ritual amplification.

This was equally true for archmages yet to become an archmage, you would need to rise to the potential that existed within you. Grindelwald, Dumbledore and herself and Atticus had pushed themselves to achieve the status before their final maturity which had allowed them to reach the upper pinnacles of their potential.

Credence, Romanov and even Cullaica, all had the potential to become more powerful than they ended up being, their trauma and their barriers having had a detrimental effect on their development with only Romanov having come close to achieving that pinnacle despite it all.

Dembe Habe and Gaius Hardy were, not lazy, but certainly not obsessed to reaching the highest pinnacle they can achieve. Neither of them achieved archmage status until after their final maturity and thusly it meant that their growth would be limited.

It was the same limitation that they'd encountered with the other two ancient archmages in their hidden towers who'd they'd unfortunately needed to deal with.

And it was a limit that neither she or Atticus had.

And Grindelwald, to this day, was likely still the closest to either her or Atticus but his limitations on the idea of power and misplaced focus on power over understanding, had hindered him.

And Dumbledore…

Well, the man's self-flagellation had been his limitation…and downfall.

And hers' and Atticus' obsessions with magic had brought them to where they were now, which was far beyond the categorisation of archmages and had quite likely become the most powerful wizard and witch to have ever lived.

Not even the Atlanteans could be considered a challenge when it came to raw power.

And Merlin or Morgana, who she thought possibly reached a similar point as she and Atticus had done decades ago, likely would be no challenge to them either now.

And so, should Lily Evans go through all of her maturities, the likelihood of her ever attaining archmage status was unlikely to say the least.

'Well, you will have a chance to meet her this summer.' Atticus told her, gaining her attentions once more. She looked at him a little confused and he expanded 'She'll be at the 'Young Mastermind Program'' he told her.

Ah…

She'd forgotten about that. Honestly, with how many events and the like they attended, it barely even registered to her. She mulled it over before she eyed him.

'You still haven't met her yet, have you?'

Atticus grimaced lightly 'I have not. It will be the first time I'll meet her. I'll meet my aunt not long after' he told her. She hummed silently.

'I will assess her' she finally said after a few moments of consideration. 'Should she prove to be worthy, I will take her on'. Atticus faintly smiled, knowing already about her assessment of the girl. She pointedly didn't ask.

He grew serious again. 'Now that we know how to push further into the past, we should start soon' he told her. She nodded agreeably.

Though they'd need to spent considerable time in attuning themselves to the ability, to the magic that surrounded them…and they'd need to figure out a way to push further than the thousands of years that they'd seen was possible.

'And if the Barrier exists?' she posed to him with knowing eyes.

The Barrier was the barrier when the abominable weapons the Forerunners was fired quarter of a million years ago. She remembered the Presence that had haunted Atticus decades ago, the Presence that made Atticus experience the effect the weapons had on the fabric of the magical field within the galaxy.

Magic had screamed, torn apart as it was by the weapon, a weapon that had killed all sentient life. It was quite likely that memory of the billions of years prior to that point within the galaxy was destroyed.

Which was completely unhelpful.

The Xalanyn were likely as old as Ancient Humanity which itself had ventured into space almost two million years ago according to the Archives and Moira.

'We'll deal with it should we encounter it' Atticus responded to her. 'Should it be necessary, we can always venture outside of the galaxy to peer into the past'.

That was another consideration, that magic outside of the galaxy would retain some traces of memory that had once existed within the galaxy itself.

"Very well" Emily spoke aloud, ending the secret conversation they were having between themselves. It was becoming standard practice to have the more sensitive conversations from mind to mind.

The chances of eavesdroppers were far too high to do otherwise.

Conversation after that had turned away from retro-cognition and apprentices and instead to more mundane things, like revisiting the topic of renovating their home since Sayre Manor hadn't quite changed in almost five hundred years.

Neither of them wanted to move into a palace, like the High Council and some of the Representatives had hinted, and they cherished the manor far too much to think of moving away into a more 'befitting' home.

For Atticus, it was what connected him to his ancestors and, in his own words, kept him grounded. And for her…well, it was her first home after Hogwarts.

She'd been welcomed here by Anna and Markus, an orphan supposed muggleborn, someone who was far below their notice yet… they worked to make her feel at home like she'd always yearned even if she'd never admitted to herself until much later.

No, Emily mused to herself with a sense of contentedness, neither of them would leave this manor for it possessed wealth that neither of them would find elsewhere.

Soon enough they departed and they got into their skymobile and before long, they were flying from their home, the view of the burgeoning city growing ever nearer.

The skyline of the city had not changed overly in the past few years but she'd seen, in all of its varieties, how it would change in the coming peaceful decade and how it would change once more when Avalon unified with Illos.

She'd been finally content with the changes that were to happen in this timeline, a more open, a more subtle direction of civilizational development than the pseudo mundane replication that she'd seen far too often in formerly possible futures.

It would be quite neo-classical in many ways, the aesthetics of tall bright silver-grey stone building mixed with classical architecture as the ridiculous present phase of architecture came to an end, yet it would inspire a sense of awe that Celestis City deserved.

Her gaze trailed over to the landmark that was unmissable wherever you were in this side of Celestis as the Temple of Celestis, the huge temple that stood on the outskirts of the city and bore a hundred foot statue of Lady Magic, came into view.

And, as she looked down at the pathway that lead to the entrance of the Temple, she could see hundreds of individuals on the pathway.

She smiled to herself.

Within the next decade and a half as they bound the rest of the magical world tightly to Illos and to Exodus, she intended to heavily propagate the magic-centric faith and within that propagation would come the dispersion of their Truth.

Truth of their ancient past as an advanced species that span across the stars.

She intended to use faith and truth to drive forward a sense of faith in their race and in magic in general.

With the horrors that would be revealed from the Milanese Trials, and with the broken spirits of perhaps hundreds of thousands of magicals, she'd capitalised on it to foster the belief of Destiny much like the belief of Destiny that her Illosian people held.

A destiny of returned greatness.

Morrigan – much to Emily's amusement and Moira's grudging acceptance – would be revealed to be the last of the ancient magical race as the Progenitors of Humankind, a race of beings who lost their war against the Forerunners who'd in their rage of jealously and spite had devolved most of humanity into a race of lessers and took away the parts of what made them special.

The mundanes were a consequence of this spite.

The people would be told Morrigan had survived the purge and had returned magic to their people and she'd press the point that it was their Destiny to return to the stars and to reclaim the universe as was their right.

And with the evidence that there were other worlds, more magical worlds out in the galaxy, the naysayers would be muted as hope would be manifested in the hearts of the magical world, hope that would be fed and fuelled with tremendous energy.

Yet, the idea of beings that destroyed their ancestors would remain on their minds, an idea that she would do what she could to make sure would remain in the collective psyche of magical-kind.

She knew the human condition…of what it could descend to. Post-scarcity beyond the wildest dreams of anyone would have that effect. Combined with peace and hubris, all of it would result in lessening their people.

The human mind was built in such a way that it searched, pushed, for the easiest path.

A path that would not be allowed to exist when the truth that there were monsters in the dark corners of space that could destroy everything.

There would always remain reason, necessity, to improve, to excel, when you knew not if what you were capable of was enough, would ever be enough.

Which was why this notion, this truth that there were threats, enemies, monsters to fight and destroy, would simultaneously disrupt this human tendency to become lazy and hubristic whilst at the same time, tie the more chaotic and powerful elements of society, the Errant ones that, with their errant psychology, would buck the trend, beautifully.

It did not matter if it was not completely truthful.

What was a lie and what was a truth did not matter…only subjective perception did and in this, the truth as would be told was just enough truth by most barometers.

And with what she knew, how their civilisation came to an end because of their hubris, this faith, this belief, of ownership of the universe would shore up against the magical world's inclination of retreating into their shell when it got comfortable.

As it was now, her and Atticus were revered. Not only by their people but also by much of the magical world and they'd capitalise on it in every single way.

Through politics. Through economics. Even through faith.

"I know that look." Atticus commented and she could hear the trace note of humour in his voice. She turned towards him, her hand rising to sweep a lick of hair behind her ear, playfulness playing on her face.

"I was merely thinking of the importance of faith." Emily said with an innocent tone though the smile that danced on her expression was anything but innocent.

Atticus dropped his head slightly, the corners of his lips rising as he looked at her with a touch of deftness in his expression.

She knew that he was accepting of her plans to weaponise faith for their purposes yet she also knew him well enough that it would not have been a choice of his to use if it were up to him…just as she knew that he would dance away from the topic just as he was now.

"Ah…" he let escape as he glanced at the now distant Temple before returning his gaze towards her, his eyes practically twinkling in mischief.

"Should I soon expect to see you donning a priestess robe?" his gaze was very attentive on her body. "On your knees, prostrating as you look up with an eager heart and an eager wish to be filled…I apologise, fulfilled?"

She raised her eyebrow at his comments as she crossed her legs, her hands folding into her lap, her chin slightly raised. "Careful…your words are quite blasphemous." Emily said with a warning note as she stuck out her leg until it was touching his calf at which point she was slowly yet deliberately caressing his calf with a sensual quality. "You may find yourself begging for atonement."

The gleam in his eyes came to an end and in its placed was unbridled interest in this little play of theirs. "Perhaps." Atticus said as his expression slowly phased into neutrality though the intensity in his eyes never faded.

And when he spoke, that intensity shone with the strength of an endless pulse from a pulsar "Though…I expect that neither of us remember the necessity of atonement or mercy in the heat of ssssssin." Atticus's voice trailed to a sibilant quality and it sent shivers down her spine and she could feel herself get in the mood.

She forced the feeling of lust away, knowing how close they were at arriving at the Charum Tower, the formerly named Main Tower, and eyed him with annoyance expressed through her face "That was cheap" she accused and Atticus chuckled.

Whenever he descended in parseltongue, he'd gain an unfair advantage since he knew that she had a weakness whenever he moved that tongue of his in their language.

"All's fair in love and war." Atticus said with an amused look.

"Hmm. You do realise we'll be busy all day with the ambassadors" an evil look passed across her face. "And we both know that you can hardly resist when I fully open up the bond to my desires…" Emily leaned a little, malicious glee dancing in her eyes "And I will make sure you can't act upon it."

Atticus had laughingly little control whenever she'd basically ramped up her levels of wants and her desires for him to a ridiculous degree. It made him practically like a wolf during rutting season.

It was part of why sex with one another was so incredible and in those moments, it mutated their soul bond to a kind of bliss that was impossible to explain. And it was something she could manipulate somewhat for a time.

Her expression grew into a full blown grin when she watched his expression shift into one of genuine horror, a uncharacteristic look on his face before it melted away in a look of quiet warning as his eyes narrowed. "You wouldn't."

Emily's grin turned darker as she raised her eyebrow "…wouldn't I?"

The skymobile came to a stop as they arrived at Charum Tower.

Atticus leaned in, his eyes aglow as his look of quiet warning faded away into a look of neutrality. "I'll make it up to you…Emily Sssssaaayre" he said with promise in his eyes, his mouth slightly open as he'd spoken, the visibility of his tongue an unspoken gesture.

She enjoyed the thrill she felt travel up her spine. Last night had been more of an itch that both of them tiredly had scratched but it's been a while since they'd simply…explored one another.

She reached out and touched his cheek and smiled softly. "I will hold you to it" he returned the soft smile before he took her hand and kissed it with a tender kiss.

As much as they enjoyed their word plays, of threatening to embarrass one another, it was never actioned. It was simply part of the play, to make the other submit in their own privacy in a way that neither of them disliked.

Soon enough they were out of the skymobile and walked towards the entrance of the Tower, side by side, their faces expertly crafted for the occasion.

As they always were.

As they always would be.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

11th​ of January, 1973 – Paris, France

Jean Delacour POV

Jean stood at the base of the steps of the international Floo terminals, his gaze looking over the Spanish, the Ottoman, the Persian and the Italian delegates with neutral eyes as they walked towards him, escorted as they were by the assigned Aurors.

Galtier had given him the honour to discuss points of interest with these nations. Bah. He should have rejected yet he knew that when France called…

The months since the end of the Ravenite war had been hectic.

A good kind of hectic, in all honesty he supposed. It would be odd to say, given that nearly every ministry west of France was utterly disbanded and their officials in custody charged with collaboration and crimes against magical-kind, but nonetheless it was positive.

A thing that he could admit he didn't think he'd see for much longer yet.

He felt like he could breathe again, a feat that he knew many in France and much of Europe felt like as well, as if the thousand tonne elephant that was crushing the chest of Europe and its spirits and been utterly destroyed with the death of the Raven, Cullaica and the capture of his sycophants.

He'd never admit it aloud but he'd been glad when the Ravenites had turned their eyes east first. The Raven and his butchers had put the fear in everyone, he grimly thought to himself. Had they turned west…he wasn't sure there would have been enough of France left standing for Illos liberate from the Ravenites.

After all, there was hardly anyone standing in Northern and Eastern Europe, he thought with a dark cloud hanging on his mind. The travesties of the Ravenites had been known…at least it was thought it was known yet as the months passed by and the impact of their reign was brought to light, it left even the most hard line politicians queasy at what had befallen former Ravenite controlled countries.

They'd thought they'd known the depths of the depravity of the madmen and though nothing was as horrific as the Purity Massacres, it was horrible enough that it could compare.

Massive depopulation, magical towns and villages that had once flourished were nothing but ghost towns, peoples that were spared the Purity Massacres were magically shackled and bound to the properties of their assigned 'lords', before these lords too were massacred, and were traded amongst themselves like chattel…even the children.

To think that could have happened to France…

"Lord Delacour" the Spanish delegate, Lord Caicedo, greeted as he stuck out his hand. Jean drew himself out of his dark thoughts and smiled graciously as he took the hand.

"Lord Caicedo." Jean acknowledged placidly before extending his greetings to the men beside him. Before long, they got down to it.

It being specifically the upcoming trials of the Ravenites.

The Illosians had reached out to the magical world at large, to come and take part of the process of judgment of the criminals, though specifically many of the judges were to be from the New World, Brazil, Argentina, Mexico and MACUSA along with a sizable number of judges from Asia.

A decision that was proving to be popular with much of the magical world yet for Galtier and their government, it was a point that was greatly disliked.

…not that they could do much against it.

No, the Illosians, particularly his old friend and his wife were completely untouchable to much of the world, including in Europe itself.

The extermination of Vampirism had only aided in this popularity, especially amongst his countrymen who hated the beasts with a passion given that this was now the second time the beasts tried to feast upon France.

Jean inwardly grimaced though there was a trace of humourless amusement within him. When Galtier wanted the Queen involved with the situation of the Vampires, he'd irrevocably created a weak point, ironically enough given that he wanted to exploit the Sayres' penchant to come across as paragons of virtue.

With the complete annihilation of all known Vampires, to the point that it could be said that Vampirism was no more, it propelled Queen Emily to hitherto unforeseen popularity within France itself.

And Jean knew that Galtier was deeply unsettled by that popularity, especially given the way that Illos was involving, no, leading, the rebuilding of governmental institutions across former Ravenite territory.

'France would be next' Galtier told him and though Jean was incredibly sceptical in what he was implying, he knew in his heart that there was truth in that concern of his.

Which was why they were meeting with other delegates of nations that weren't utterly destroyed and would want some kind of pact to lessen the influence of the Grand Alliance on their nations…and peoples.

"They will not budge." Jean told the delegates who'd been arguing amongst themselves. After he'd gotten their attentions he continued "And we will have little recourse to persuade them to do otherwise."

The meeting had rapidly devolved in presenting a united front of persuading Illos to allow the peoples of their countries to restore their countries, completely forgetting that the ICW had occupied much of Europe and forced the Ministries to change according to their will…before they up and made an entire mess of everything that had bit them all on the derrière decades later.

"The ICW-" "The ICW is no more." The Ottoman delegate, Sakin, snapped at the Italian delegate. The Italians were amongst the hardest hit nation in recent years though they managed to save more of their leading families than most other Ravenite occupied territories had managed.

And they were the ones who were chafing the most under the 'occupation' of Illos.

"The ICW is dead, Ferrarrio. Accept it. It'll do you no good to hold onto that delusion." The sour face of the Italian delegate's face made it clear that it was hard for the Italian to accept. It wasn't that surprising. It was well known that the Italians had a historic connection to the ICW, having been one of the founding magical nations that drove for its existence.

The very first Mugwump had been Italian too.

"And it should be clear that Illos, or rather this Grand Alliance, is positioning itself as the heir to the ICW." The Persian delegate, Pandey, said before smiling thinly and adding "And it has been for many years."

"Quite." Jean acknowledged before turning his gaze towards the Italian "Which is why you and your colleagues should accept the occupation for now" Jean doubted he and his leaders would though, he thought with a weary sigh.

Not all of the Italian nobility were in agreement when it comes to resisting the Illosians and in truth, Ferrarrio and his people were in the minority.

The occupation, for a lack of a better word, was of benefit to Italy at present.

Much of the wealth that remained within the country was all that the nobility and the Italian peoples were able to squirrel away as their banking institutions were destroyed and its wealth taken away…

…wealth that no one knew where it was, a concerning problem that was replicated across Europe with the exception of a few nations.

And at present, Illos was providing food, much needed medical attentions and rebuilding much of the settlements that were destroyed. Of course, Jean considered to himself, this was not going to be without repayment.

And Ferrarrio and his people were right to fear for it was certain their way of life was never going to be the same again. If Jean was right, and he thought he had a good chance of being right, he'd say that Italy would no longer be a senate filled with nobility.

"And as much as your plight is unfortunate, Senor Ferrarrio" Caicedo interjected as he stared at the displeased Italian. "This is not a meeting to your plight as it is to come to an agreement in this new world we find ourselves in."

Hours Later…

Jean gratefully took the glass of wine as he sat down in the chair opposite the President. He drank half of it before he took a breath again.

"Do not think I will be sending any gifts come Yuletide, Antonine" Jean said with a displeased glare before he rubbed one of his temples with his hand.

"I think I can do without this year" Galtier said wryly before he eyed Jean with keen eyes and he spoke with a neutral face. "From all accounts it was positive."

Jean laughed wryly. "Positive?" Jean shook his head. "It might look so on paper, but I know that this won't even get far enough in reality, Antonine."

There were rumours that the Grand Alliance was to be reformed into a Federation of Magical Peoples, a much closer organisation of international cooperation between magical peoples, one of the main, if not the, trigger point that made Galtier seek out other interested parties.

It was a rumour that seemed to have no origin, no one knew anyone who'd spoken it yet it was one that seemed to simply…exist. And knowing his old friend…

He'd spoken with a few of his Avalonian contacts, about the truth of such an organisation and he was told nothing of import. He didn't expect anything else, in truth, he thought with a grimace. Their loyalty, either to the Queen or his old friend was not to be taken lightly.

Still, with the possibility of the concept of the ICW being replaced by a much intertwined organisation like this Federation – which was a certainty given the meaning of federation – the necessity of a pact to preserve measures of power was critical to most of the delegates, particularly the Spanish and the Italian delegates.

He had a feeling that the Ottomans and the Persians were more than anything else feeling out the worthiness of France more than anything else.
He shook away that thought.

"They are weak, Antonine. And they stuck with the old ways of thinking. Thinking that their blood and their names are enough to sway people in agreeing to limit the influence and power of Illos." Jean continued, a hint of imploring in his voice.

The proposal that all parties had agreed to was to align their interests should this Federation come into existence and to continue in collective strength.

Galtier caught the imploration in his voice and he sighed heavily. "I'm aware. But what else is there for us, Jean?" Galtier asked Jean.

Jean knew what he meant.

There wasn't a clamouring…yet…for greater relations with Illos but it was fast approaching that stage. People had a very long memory and the latest actions of the Sayres against the Ravenites, the extermination of Vampires that the French people hated and their speeches since the war ended was triggering those long memories.

No one in France had forgotten the old debt that France owed Atticus Sayre, especially the common people. His inventions, his book on the origin of muggleborns…squibborns, the very image of Illos that was as close to magical paradise…and then the news of his expeditions to Atlantis of all places…

It would not be nonfactual to say that the man was getting close to being deified by the French peoples much like how he was getting deified by large swathes of Europe.

"Resign?" Jean joked before he drank of his wine.

Galtier chuckled before he took hold of his wine. "Don't tempt me. I think I'd like to retire to the vineyards after this term. I think sticking my fingers in fertilised soil is less filthy than being President is."

Jean smiled mirthlessly at his comment. It probably was.

Galtier sighed after he drank of his wine and he seemed to stare at his glass for a long while. Jean looked at the man concerned. "Antonine?"

Galtier seemed to have been broken out of his reverie and he met Jean's gaze. "Apologies, I was just thinking." He eyed Jean "Do you want to know how many more Ministries I reached out to?"

Jean was surprised by the remark and Galtier smiled thinly. "Sixty other Ministries or communities." Galtier barked out a mirthless laugh. It was almost…defeated.

"As soon as they heard of my concerns, they'd all refused in one way or another. Even the Americans." Galtier said pointedly.

"I wondered why you didn't invite them." Jean commented though he was deeply surprised that even they refused to come. "That is…not good."

Galtier nodded slightly before he slumped in his chair. "I think they will join the Grand Alliance sooner than later. Before this Federation happens, I think." Galtier shook his head "And it is smart of them to do so."

Jean raised his eyebrows. Galtier smiled at his expression. "I know when a war is lost, my friend. That meeting of yours with the delegates was a last throw of the dice, a hopeful one."

Jean digested that and decided to speak his mind. "It's not the worst of outcomes" he said carefully. Jean was of course concerned about the power his old friend and his people wielded over the magical world, power that was set to grow to boggling heights, he was sure, but he believed he still knew his old friend, the one he'd fought with.

The fact that he'd joined the war as soon he'd returned from the supposed expedition to Atlantis proved that and there had been plenty of opportunities for his old friend and his people to conquer the magical world, a feat that this war had so blatantly indicated to the rest of the magical world that, should the Illosians try, it would be as much a foregone conclusion as the sun rising and the sun setting.

Galtier smiled at his comment though Jean wasn't sure what kind of smile it was.

"It is not indeed yet the idea that our destiny is no longer in our own hands…not truly…" Galtier's expression soured before he lost and a weary one took hold on his face.

"I won't preside over France's capitulation." Galtier told Jean. "I will advocate for you to take over presidency after me." Galtier stared meaningfully at Jean and as Jean made to speak, Galtier raised his hand, silencing Jean.

"I know you don't want it but France needs you, Jean." Galtier said with a determined voice. "You have a history with the Sayres…a great one. Despite my immense dislike for them and their, in all honesty, borderline insidious ways in grasping for more power, I know that they have a measure of honour at least."

"You want me to exploit my history with the Sayres to protect France." Jean more stated than anything else. Galtier smiled thinly.

"I do. I will throw in the towel. The magical world will soon be theirs, completely, and though I do not think they will destroy it, I truly believe they have a dangerous agenda of some kind. Magi-tech, unity of magicals, their country-ships, Atlantis, everything, I know that there is more to them and it isn't all good." Galtier said grimly before he sighed. "Yet I realise we are defenceless against it. Against them."

He eyed Jean once more. "But with your history, I believe that you will be able shield France from the worst of it. Better than anyone else could regardless." Galtier sighed heavily.

"And I pray to Magic herself that they prove to be as benevolent as they wish to be seen when their schemes come to fruition." Galtier finished and it would stay at the forefront of his mind for months to come.

Months Later…
20th​ of March, 1973 – Milan, Italy

Jean stared at the Gate for a long few moments, the runes etched onto its faces still dim waiting on his command to connect to their destination.

"Sir." Augerd called and Jean turned towards the man, broking out of his thoughts.

He only nodded to the man before he gestured that the Gate should be connected and soon enough the runes on the Gate became alive with a glow and the centre of the gate showed the other side that seemed to be buzzing with activity and brimming with Illosian Guards donned in their-now distinctive armour, covered fully from head to toe.

With a silent sigh he walked through the gate.

The Illosian guard stepped forward and Jean wordlessly provided the slip of paper to the guard. The guard waved his hand over the slip of paper and Jean idly watched the magic at play. He wasn't entirely sure what enchantments were on the slip of paper but he wouldn't be surprised that it was nothing he was familiar with.

'The security on that paper is tighter than the security in our Department' the Chief Unspeakable had told him after they'd analysed the paper.

"Delegate Delacour" the guard confirmed before he handed back the slip of paper. Jean took the paper and saw its surface change and it began to reveal a map.

"Follow the route as shown on the map. It will take you to your seats" the guard told him and Jean left without saying another word.

He glanced around and saw there were others being checked by the guards, some he recognised, most he didn't.

Given that it was to be a worldwide affair, the sight of so many that he didn't know wasn't surprising…just as it wasn't surprising that most of the people he'd dealt with internationally were either dead or being held until their trials were due, it wasn't that surprising.

He made out of the terminal, following the arrow as he was, and soon enough he was at a wide plaza where shops and stalls were artfully nestled in between the Corinthian marble pillars and marble walls.

If he remembered rightly, this was the place of power of the magical branch of the Scipio family. A family that as far as he knew had no more living direct descendants, most of them having perished against the Ravenites.

And the others likely having been conveniently and quietly disposed of by rival families in the chaos of it all, if accusations of treachery were true.

Jean's eyes darkened slightly.

He expected it to be true. After all, it would be par for the course, would it not? To end a family feud of centuries during the height of the greatest cataclysm your people are facing instead of settling it for the sake of everyone?

As they walked through the halls of this former palace and through the main entrance hall, he noted that there were far more people than he realised would be present, and not everyone was dignitaries as he was.

"I wonder how we will fit." Augerd commented "Spatial charms?" as he looked around as people conversed at the foot of the huge stairs.

"Probably." Jean stated as they walked up the wide steps that lead to the gallery before he glanced at the young man."It's not as if it'll be outside of their capabilities." Jean said a little reproachfully.

Augerd flushed a little embarrassed at his pointless question.

Jean looked away from the man. Augerd wasn't a bad man…just a little pointless. A son of a rather influential man back home, Galtier had saddled him with the young man for possibly the next six months, the estimated duration of the whole trial proceedings, to curry favours from his father.

At this point, Galtier most certainly wanted him as president far more than Jean ever wanted to be president.

Finally, they reached their seats which were indicated on the paper as being enchanted to protect against eavesdropping due to their status as dignitaries. As he sat down he'd glanced around and it was clear there were at least a few thousand spectators in the gallery that spanned the full diameter of the domed courtroom.

There must be reporters from every magical nation, he thought to himself as he glanced around the international press box which helpfully had a label above their section of the gallery.

Not that it could truly be called a box since it resembled more like a quarter-section of a Quidditch stand at a world cup, enough to fill a thousand people.

And amongst the reporters were magi-artists, the kinds that used magic or magi-tech to create moving pictures or drawings since the trial would not be broadcasted to the magical world until it was completely over and, he mused as he glanced at the distinctive holo-recorders that floated around in the room, he expected it cause waves for generations.

Even non-human peoples were amongst the numbers of the audience though they sat a little way away from the rest of the wizards and witches. It wasn't surprising, Jean mused to himself a little sorrowfully, not when the slaughter of any beings and half-breeds had been going on for nigh on two decades.

This would be the first mass trials ever that the public would come to know. Not even during the Grindelwald war had such proceedings been made.

"Do you think we'll see them being melted out of their amber blocks?"

Jean silently sighed long-sufferingly. What did he do to suffer this fool?

"Were you not briefed by the Minister of International Affairs?" Jean asked Augerd.

"I was but it never came up, how the prisoners would be brought to court."

"The prisoners have been out of their amber blocks for months. It was how they determined who was indoctrinated and who wasn't." Jean told the man.

Thousands had been indoctrinated and the reports that French healers, healers France had sent when Illos had sent out a request to the magical world for medical assistance, had provided the government made it clear that for all the ones they at least had diagnosed, were all beyond saving.

According to their most renowned mind-healer, the damage to the victims' minds were so absolute that the persona that they inhabited was practically engraved onto their consciousness. There was no separation of who once was and who now is, a chilling assessment.

And it was an assessment that most of the magical governments had agreed with, some far more begrudgingly than others, especially the Chinese.

And thus, for these poor bastards, it was undeniable that they had no chance of rehabilitation save for perhaps complete Obliviation but there were justified fears that it would only leave the victims in a catatonic state as instances of such treatment were only observed thrice in the magical healing world.

The most resembling of cases had devolved into a catatonic state and the third and least likely case resulting in infantilism of the patient.

Regardless of what to do with these poor witches and wizards, they would not stand trial in the way that the wizards and witches who were deemed mentally sound would though what the Illosians had planned for them, he did not know.

"I see." Augerd said with a frown before he sighed and muttered, morosely, underneath his breath "A shame."

Jean decided he'd ignore the fool for the rest of the proceedings to the best of his abilities.

The judges came out not long afterwards and he noted the robes that they wore. It seems like they settled for an Anglicised style of robes, thick white robes that swept at the ground as they walked.

There were thirteen of them, an unlucky number he mused to himself, yet it was also a powerful number…and a powerful symbol.

There were to be seven sets of thirteen judges, each set presiding over a number of trials that were assigned to them. Coming as far wide as Brazil to MACUSA, to China to New Zealand, from Aziza and Illos, these judges were all the 'best' of their homelands, and had sworn strict oaths of fairness and of utmost integrity.

He'd read the oaths they had to swear before being accepted as judges, and it was restricting, though the spirit of the oaths was known to him. After all, it was the same kind of oath that the ICW had standardised across the magical world.

The judges would alternate in sessions, allowing them to familiarise themselves with the cases. Some had said that it was unnecessary, given that they were all guilty, but most were generally accepting of this spread.

He stared at the woman that sat the centre of the judging panel. Sandra Saunders…

The once Chancellor of Illos had rarely been seen after her 'retirement' from the Illosian High Council. He'd known that she'd been a student of Law though he was surprised to see there. He'd honestly forgotten about her and it seemed like she'd returned to the matters of Law in her retirement.

The hubbub lessened as the first man was led in and his eyes narrowed as he caught a look of the man. A heavy set man with a strong thick moustache was led into the room with a permanent scowl on his face.

Mihály Teleki.

A man who'd become highly influential in Bulgaria once the country had fallen to the Ravenites and if what he heard was right, and he had little doubt that it was, he was heavily involved in the persecution and eventual slaughter of several Veela enclaves within Bulgaria and then later in Eastern Europe.

Jean glanced towards the section where he knew there were a few Veela. The look of hate in their eyes made it clear that they believed him guilty.

Teleki was made to sit in the chair before the judges and the defence, whom Jean did not envy whatsoever, spoke with the man.

From what he understood, every defendant was granted a lawyer or could hire one from their own funds which would be made unfrozen for that singular purpose…not that they had any chance of using it otherwise…or actually hiring the top law firms that remained in Western Europe and beyond.

As such, the court had ascribed this lawyer to the man and it wouldn't surprise him if this was the longest time since he'd spoken with Teleki.

And it seemed like it would be the last time the lawyer would speak with Teleki as well given that the lawyer was moving away from the man.

"I will defend myself." Teleki gruffly said in a thick English accent.

Teleki's mouth continued to move but no sound came out and he must have realised this as he firmly shut his mouth and let off a cold sneering expression.

"The defendant will be reminded that any insults, speeches or commentary unsuitable to these proceedings will be censured." One of the court officials said.

Teleki sent a cold glare at the official but said nothing otherwise.

It was interesting, Jean thought to himself. He hadn't even seen any kind of magic at play that silenced the man and he thought the magic at play was incredibly subtle if it could almost anticipate when someone was speaking outside of bounds.

Judge Saunders slammed her hammer down and a huge gong sounded out and Jean's eyes widened in slight panic when he felt the slight trace of magic wash over him.

"The courtroom is now sealed. The wave of magic you have felt is an intent based enchantment that prevents any interference, verbal or physical or magical, from this moment onwards" the lead court official stated before he looked towards Teleki.

Jean realised that the man had a shocked expression on his face and seemed to be unable to move from his seat though Jean saw no physical shackles.

"The Defendant is now magically coerced to speak the truth and nothing but the truth. His Occlumency shields have also been eroded away so that should visual imagery be necessary, it may be pulled from his mind and shown to the court."

Jean's mouth was now slightly ajar, shocked as he was. Being forced to tell the truth was no surprise, of course, there were potions and charms that could enforce it but the erosion of Occlumency shields?

"That shouldn't be possible." Augerd said shocked next to him.

Jean's mind was awhirl as he thought on it and he was coming up short how they were accomplishing it. It was well known that mind shields could be worn down or broken through Legillimency probes though he had heard of no other…

Jean's eyes widened. But of course! He shook his head in disbelief. He wasn't sure if it was right or not, probably not but he realised in any case that mind shields could be worn away through other means.

Simply because compulsion charms or even the allure of Veela could affect the mind through the application of foreign magic…even if you had mind shields.

Why couldn't Occlumency shields be entirely bypassed through similar application of foreign magic outside of blunt use of magic?

Jean's eyes sharpened as he stared at Teleki before he turned his gaze towards Saunders. 'My word…' he thought to himself before he glanced towards the reporters who were avidly writing down this surprise.

No doubt when it gets released to the public, more than a few people will be more aghast at the existence of such magic than whatever Teleki will say.

The trial commenced and Jean…well Jean thought he could stomach it. He was wrong. Teleki was vile, utterly and completely vile and evil.

Murder, torture, kidnapping, even was involved in human and Veela trafficking for decades before he'd stopped when rumours of mass vigilante actions proved to be far more than idle rumour though what truly sickened Jean was his actions during the Ravenite era.

Jean felt sick as Teleki described as to what Teleki was allowed to do, shackles of decency and humanity were truly cast away, not the man had much if any in the first place, yet what had been described, and shown, with narration from the man himself of how he felt, how he'd seen his victims, had made Jean gripping his seat with a death grip and his stomach on the verge of emptying.

Teleki was a monster of the worst kind, and he was proud of it. The glee, the expression on his face, none of it seemed forced – Jean realised that the effect of the enchantment was far more delicate and capable than he'd thought possible with the way that it could make Teleki to bring forth how he'd been in the moments he was describing – and it was a damnation beyond any hints of salvation.

And, as he looked around the courtroom at the gallery, he saw the horror, disgust and grief in their expressions with more than a few seats having been vacated.

Only the judges seemed unaffected and Jean would be hard pressed to believe that they weren't under some influence of some major calming charms with the way they were writing and listening all the same time.
When Teleki finally ended his narration of his crimes and the questions by the prosecutor had ran out, the judges conferred.

Jean took the opportunity to glance at Augerd and he wasn't surprised to see him as he was. Augerd was beyond pale and deathly silent and still.

A feat he didn't think was accomplishable. Jean glanced around and saw that many were equally as struck dumb as the young man was even though Teleki had stopped speaking. And more than a few were still missing from their seats.

"Augerd." Jean called out. He didn't get a response and he placed his hand on the man's shoulder which startled the pale-faced man.

"Samuel." Jean called out kindlier.

The man looked at Jean, a little more life in his eyes this time.

"I never thought such evil could be done." Augerd said in a muted voice. Jean realised belatedly that the man had lived a sheltered life and the Grindelwald hadn't quite touched the young man either given that he was about mid thirties in age.

Too young to remember or remember being affected.

"I knew it was happening." Augerd added as he shook his head.

"It is another thing to be witness to the crimes as…explicitly detailed." Jean agreed grimly. He was beginning to realise why his old friend was making such a spectacle of the whole thing. He'd admittedly thought that it was meant to be a show of Illosian righteousness but in reality, he realised that it was more nuanced than that.

He was using his influence to make the magical world bear witness to the kinds of monsters that walk amongst them.

Monsters that hide behind velvet gloves and silk robes. Monsters that might believe in blood purity but in reality only used the ideology to a means to an end.

"Yes." Augerd answered.

Jean tapped the man on his shoulder and looked at the young man with a grim face.

"This is only the first day, my friend." The thought made Augerd queasy but he seemed to shore himself up before he nodded firmly.

"Yes, yes it is." Augerd drew himself up "And it is for us to listen. We owe that at least to the victims." Augerd said, much to Jean's surprise.

The young man went up a couple of notches in his estimations.

Jean smiled slightly at Augerd before he turned solemn. "Indeed it is."

Augerd was going to say something but the voice of Judge Saunders had ended that.

"Mr Teleki." Saunders began, her voice authoritative as she somehow gazed at Teleki without judgement. "The admissions you have provided are, without the slightest possibility of misinterpretation or doubt in their veracity, undeniable. This court finds you guilty." Saunders declared before she slammed the hammer down.

Jean realised he was keeping in his breath that had been released when the sound of the hammer rang audibly around the huge courtroom.

He leaned forward when Saunders made to speak once more. He knew it was all but certain that Teleki was never going to taste freedom again and he hoped it would go further than that, he thought darkly. He remembered all too well the outrage he and others felt at the leniency the ICW had levied upon Grindelwald's followers.

Something he couldn't even contemplate his old friend would even allow to happen.

Teleki looked on hatefully but prideful at the judges, particularly at Saunders.

Saunders only met the man's gaze as she spoke.

"For the unforgivable acts you, Mr Teleki, have committed, you shall be sentenced to death." Jean smiled grimly at that, a feeling of satisfaction that he shared with the room, something he could sense easily enough.

Saunders continued "House Teleki shall be stripped of its nobility and the name Teleki shall be declared illegal and henceforth shall be dead until the end of time." Jean's eyebrows raised dramatically and he heard the surprise of his companion.

Teleki looked shocked.

Saunders continued "All members of the former House of Teleki, should they be found redeemable, shall be made to swear unbreakable vows to never take up the name, the legacy or the beliefs of the former House of Teleki."

Teleki was broken out of his shock and raged in his chair, murder clear in his eyes. But there was more…there was fear mixed with the anger.

This…

This was unprecedented.

"The members of the former House of Teleki, man, woman and child alike, shall be made to swear unbreakable vows upon their life and magic to never again harm another sentient life unless it is in defence at which point they must, at all cost save for the harm to their own life, avoid harming another more than is needed to ensure the safety of all.

The members of the former House of Teleki, man, woman and child alike, shall be made to swear unbreakable vows to never, in any way or form, acknowledge, teach or inform their descendants of their former name, their former legacy or the beliefs of the former House of Teleki. This so we decree, this so we judge." Saunders slammed her hammer down and a pulse of magic erupted from the act.

"This can't stand…can it?" Augerd asked shocked. "This goes far beyond anything that's ever been done!"

Jean said nothing and simply watched Saunders who he could see had not yet finished.

"When crimes become no longer crimes but acts of evil, the root of that evil must be ripped out." Saunders said with an authoritative air. "It comes to no surprise that Mr Mihály's acts of evil began long before the Ravenites became active. Acts of evil that stem from beliefs that have been passed down the generations with no resistance, with no reflection and with no guilt or remorse at the inhumanity of their actions and that of their ancestors."

Jean listened on quietly.

"It, then, needs to be questioned. Why?" Saunders said as she looked around.

"Why has there been no resistance? No reflection? No guilt or remorse at the dehumanisation, at the cruelty and evil that have been subjected against mundane and magical alike?" Saunders posed to the courtroom.

"Because there has been no consequence to such acts of evil." Saunders said firmly before she returned her gaze to Teleki…no Mihály. "No more. The legacy of inconsequence shall be no more."

Jean, many years later, when his grandson who bore the same name, had asked when he realised things had changed, he would tell his grandson of this very moment.

The moment that had changed everything immeasurably for him and many others.

Even more so than when news of the planets of the Celestis system were made public.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------
27th​ of August, 1973 – Staffroom, Hogwarts.

Horace H. Slughorn POV

"It's starting" Minerva pointed out with a sharp note to her face, her expression reproachful. Horace almost chuckled to himself at his Deputy.

Making her his deputy was perhaps the best choice he'd made for a long time. She was authoritative and she was extremely intimidating…when she wanted to be.

Horace was not delusional and he knew his faults…and he knew his own demeanour. He was not Armando or was he Phineas Black, both of whom could command an air of respectability that was commanding, that demanded the individual to give it, even if Dippet may have lost much of that air in the last few decades before his retirement.

Yet where he differed from the pair of former headmasters was that he recognised his faults and he worked to fill it. And he'd done so ably with the hire of Minerva as his Deputy. Of course, the stain of being Albus' apprentice had been a point of contention with a few of the nobility, especially some of his former Slytherin charges but a single sentence of approval from Emily was enough to still any dissent.

Emily…

Horace drank of his cup of spiced hot chocolate, quietly ignoring the quiet chatter of his staff as his gaze watched the King, Atticus Sayre, on the screen as he arrived at the podium that was held in front of the former Scipio ancestral palace.

The King looked regal.

It had been announced that the King would speak to close out the trials, an odd choice but Horace thought it made sense, considering that neither the King or Emily had made much of an appearance at the trials.

He snorted quietly as his memory went back to the early years, their early years.

He didn't quite believe how everything had played out.

He remembered the day he and his colleagues had taken bets on when Emily and Atticus would marry, the completion of a sappy love story between a no-name orphan girl and a handsome boy who was practically a Prince…

And in a strange way…

It was truly such a sappy love story, Horace thought warmly to himself.

Mystery and one-in-a-million talent all wrapped in a petite form had flowered into a woman of genuine royal blood that could wrest the course of history in her own hands and guide their world with a deftness of politics never witnessed or felt before.

Equally, a boy of less mystery but of equal or perhaps greater talent wrapped in un-convention became a man who was quite possibly going to become the first King of the magical world if things were heading where he thought they would.

Yet…he thought as the feeling of warmth evaporated away from his centre. He knew full well that his former students were far more than an innocent sappy story.

As much as he wished it was simply so.

He knew not the details, oh no, he was quite happy not to know, but he knew enough. Just as he knew that his elevation to Headmaster was not because of tenure.

Horace was wise enough to know that to achieve what they had achieved thus far, achievements that he could not name a single witch or wizard who could even approach their impact on history, save for perhaps Merlin, and he was wise enough to know that it should not be something to be considered beyond the confines of one's mind

Still, he mused to himself, despite it all, he believed that it was not terrible, this control his former students had and would continue to have on the magical world, especially now that ICW was gone and no other nation or Ministry could oppose them.

For all that Charlus and a few others would bemoan, some more aggressively than others, it was hard to acknowledge that their world was better in most ways.

The number of discriminatory infractions this past decade was proof enough of that.

He snorted silently. It was amusing to think that the biggest detractors were the ones who were from families historically thought as 'light families'.

He- his thought processes were cut short as the King began to speak and silence befell the staff room.

"What drives ordinary people, regardless of station, regardless of so-called purity of blood, to become mass killers?" the King posed to the crowd and those watching the feed live, his regal voice hooking them to listen.

"Men and women who had gone to magical school just like the rest of us have. Men and women who had gone to the local villages or gone to a Yuletide Ball or a Beltaine festival like the majority of us have in our childhoods.

Yet these same men and women committed travesties that will haunt the magical world for generations to come." The King paused, his eyes seemed to scan and somehow managed to give off the impression he was meeting the gaze of every set of eyes simultaneously.

"What drove these people to do so?" the King once more posed, his cadence was akin to a beat of drums that ensnared all to lean forward, eagerly, impatiently waiting for more.

The answer, Horace to himself grimly, was one that everyone who'd paid attention to the trials would know.

Right of blood

It had been the right of blood that had driven noble and common alike, that their blood was more valuable than others and when they began to feel, began to listen to others, that their blood was not being valued as much as it should be, that their struggles was because of this devaluation…

Extremism had flourished in the wake after the Grindelwald war.

The nobility, instead of being defanged as they were meant to, were instead blatantly ignored and allowed to grasp more of their old powers back as the ICW turned its attentions elsewhere.

The nobility and other purebloods had seized upon the chance of regaining their strength at the cost of others when the Ravenites had presented themselves, many of whom had lavishly exacted 'punishments' on those they felt had wronged them.

Often times simply by existing.

"You know the answer. You should know the answer. It is also the answer to much of the happenings of this century and the last, and the centuries before that. Yet…my fellow magicals. This century we have descended into a new low." The King said solemnly the level of gravitas his presence exuded was immense.

"This century has been of grievous but monumental horror, committed not by a few psychopathic people, a few evil men and women who enjoy the sounds of terror through the innocent mouths of men, women and children, no, this century has been a horror committed by ordinary men and women who cast away all decency, all morality and all humanity."

"Germans, Danes, Austrian, Hungarians, Romanians, Russians, it matters not what ethnicity, what society, or blood purity or even nobility. No, this has been a travesty that transcends such simple denominations. Because…" the King trailed off as he leaned forward slightly.

"Any of us could be motivated under the right conditions, the right circumstances, to view others to be less than human, to lose our humanity, to become murderers." The King looked around, his expression stoic as he began to speak again.

"Most of you doubt my words, I know. Some of you are even offended that I could suggest such a thing." The King said with a deep sense of acknowledgement.

"It is hard to believe, after all. 'I could never harm another person'. 'I would never believe the kind of nonsense the Ravenites have spouted, that others have believed. I am better than that'" the King gave a grim smile before he raised his hand.

"Hanna Alvardsdottir thought the same" the King said and Horace understood where the King was going. "Erik Corluka thought the same. And hundreds of others had all thought the same."

Alvardsdottir and Corluka were two of the most infamous trials of the Milan.

Both of them had been caught up in the Ravenite philosophy early on, having believed that it was a way to have better lives after Grindelwald had destroyed theirs and that of their families. They'd had done terrible and cruel things but it was clear to anyone that they had not started out that way.

They'd simply been misguided teenagers who'd gotten caught up in the Raven's spell. Something that was replicated well over four hundred times as far as he knew.

By the time they'd realised what they had signed up for, they'd simply got on with it instead of running as much as they had wanted to, especially after they'd seen what happened to those who started questioning.

"It never starts with something large. It is always small. 'They need our help'. 'Don't you see, they are not like us.' And before you know it, your hands are coated in the blood you have begun to see as lesser. That is how it starts. That is how it ends."

"And the questions that every single one of us, all of you, and all of you listening or watching, and even I, must ask ourselves is…

How do we prevent our societies from descending into madness once more?

How do we inoculate our societies, our friends, our families, our children, from mass murder and genocide?

"And these are questions we must find solutions to. Our very survival depends on it"

The King paused as he looked around the assembled crowd before he spoke once more. "Over ten percent of our kind has died in fifty years. Three other magical races have lost seventy percent of their populations and others have lost nearly half."

"I do not exaggerate when I say that another war like this may well be our very doom. And we would deserve it" the King said harshly as he placed his hand onto the podium.

"Because we can stop the next Grindelwald, the next Raven from rising again, and even if we cannot stop them, we can stop listening to their lies, to their attempts to divide us, their attempts to destroy us so that they can rule over the ashes that remain" the King's voice had picked up in volume and in strength as he'd spoken before he halted and the silence that was left in his pause was deafening.

Even his staffroom was deathly silent.

"What we have heard and felt in the Milanese Trials is not a philosophy of evil, it is not the tale of black and white but the incremental development of evil.

Evil is moulded, twisted in shape gradually. We have heard enough of such progression in these trials to understand that. No one wakes up with hate in their hearts. No one is born with hate in their soul. It is learned.

And these Milanese trials have shown us what that can be and it is the worst of us

And now…now, we must show the best of us.

The veil of naivety must be torn away from our eyes just as our ears have been free to listen. We must search within ourselves, within our societies and come to answer the questions that have been presented to us, questions like why the protective father can murder the child of another, why a most loving mother can stand idle and watch a family be murdered in front her eyes, and why we have allowed propaganda of generations, cultural norms and history to entrap our world in this perpetual cycle of misery and death that slowly kills us all" the King has said passionately as he swept his hand across.

"Now is the time that we rise to the responsibility that we hold to ourselves, to one another, to everyone, and inoculate ourselves and our cultures and our societies in what always lurks within us" the King's expression fell into a kind of stoic solemnity, a solemnity that was slowly making way for hope.

"I have not lost hope. I have been blessed in this life of mine to have seen many great and wonderful and good things. I have met many, many good people, many of whom I can dearly call friends and loved ones, and many of whom are strangers" the King smiled as he trailed his gaze across the crowd.

"It is why I know that our world, our people, are not a lost cause and that we are merely a single step away from achieving wonders, much like how we can create wonders with a thought. We live in a world of wonder, of beauty and majesty, in harmony with nature and animals that is indescribable.

"And that is why I have great hope that, in the coming years, we will sit down, together, as one world, as one people, to address the fears, the worries, the anger, the hate, and the jealously, to find a way to destroy them" the King said passionately.

"And with magic, we will find no limits to what we can achieve, to what we can reach for and so I do not doubt for a moment that that fleck of evil that burrows in the hearts of man can be crushed into dust when we use the courage we all have within us to do so" Horace felt like the King was staring into Horace's as he'd spoken, and he felt a chill run down his spine.

"This what I believe and this is what I have hope in that we will achieve" the King raised his hand, a hand that clenched into a fist.

"For we are Magic. For we are federated in magic."

The applause that rang through the holo-screen was loud enough for Horace to believe, for a single moment, that he was there physically.

Little did he know, it was a feeling that spanned the entire magical world.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
Last edited: Nov 25, 2023
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 82 others
mosefboombox117
Nov 11, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 33 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Nov 25, 2023
Add bookmark
#410
I have finally reached the end of Odyssey of a Mage (Chapter 99). The wait between chapters will be a lot more structured now - every two weeks, I will post another chapter.

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!

Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst the rest of the chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 33



August, 1984 – Dexirus, Celestis System

Henrik Kolffsson POV

He walked up the slopes of the small mountain, the end of his walking stick leveraging him onwards with each step he took as he gazed upon the vast purplish and green forestlands that lay ahead nestled in between the Laeyus mountain range, forestlands that were teeming with life.

Not as obvious as Sentanis, with its vast savannahs that boasted herds of wildebeest tens of thousands strong or their gazelles, their elephants and their tens of thousands of African plains magical and mundane animals, no, Dexirus was not as obvious as that.

A deafening roar echoed in the air and Henrik smiled to him a little amused. Well…except for them, he thought a little amused as he climbed higher and gazed towards the skies where he was seeing silhouettes growing larger by the seconds.

He turned his gaze back towards the forestlands and swept his hand across the air.

A holographic live-imagery popped in existence, one that kept the same distance from him as he walked, and it turned the trees and the flora into mere outlines of their shape. With a twist of his hand, the imagery changed to focus in several kilometres before it zeroed in about three kilometres inward of the forest twenty or so degrees to his left.

Before him was a pack of Pyrenees Direwolves of about forty strong, the largest pack for over six hundred years. On Earth, the species were nearing extinction and were only kept alive because of the value of their pelts.

By the time the species were transported to Dexirus, their total numbers had been less than fifty. Now, there were packs of this size.

A recovery of population that was happening across the worlds of Celestis, recoveries like the Siberian Sabretooth Tiger that was flourishing on the isolated artic lands of the otherwise waterworld Yethea or the demiguise populations of Celestis, and it was wonderful to see countless of magical species living as they ought, flourishing and free in habitats of millions of acres of land.

"Looks like the whole family is coming" he heard excitedly called out from behind him as he arrived at the top. He turned around and saw her walking up the last few metres of the hill though she made a gesture for him to look towards his three o'clock and he turned towards there and saw a much larger silhouette arriving.

Curious. "So it seems." He said as he turned back towards her. She was breathing slightly heavily, her brown skin glistening with beads of sweat but she did so with a smile, her brown hair swaying with each step up she took.

She'd chosen to follow him from the foot of the mountain instead of taking a skybike to the top. He wasn't surprised that she chose to do that, if he was being honest.

He reached out and extended out his hand and she eyed for a moment before she flashed him a grin and simply walked past him, leaving him to hang dry. He looked at Cassandra with mild look as he watched her continue to walk past her, the mild look growing into an amused smile.

"Come on, they're nearly here. It's your show, Ricky-boy, don't leave them hanging!" she called out though she didn't look behind at him, her eyes set on the growing sight of the dragons that were fast approaching.

He blinked as he realised that his eyes were lingering on her and he began to walk again, his head shaking. Working with the Haitian woman had been an…interesting experience to say the least. He had not met a woman like that before.

She was provocative, full of energy and she could swear like a sailor and more than a few times he had to fight a blush from forming on his face with the…colourful and oddly sexual language she used whenever she was frustrated or annoyed or angry.

He hadn't been sure if she'd been the right kind of person for the assignment yet she remained full of surprises. With his family magic to sense and feel nature all around him, he'd been reassigned to the Celestis system – a surprise that he hadn't quite been able to overcome until months after he'd arrived – and he'd worked closely with the Native Americans and the Centaurs to, for the lack of a better word, fine tune the nature spirits and the biomes into perfect harmony.

And over the past years, he'd further developed the ability to interact with magical beings and animals to the point that even the most dangerous of animals like the Hawlions could tolerate his presence, if not allow him to touch them.

And so he'd somehow fallen into the role of Keeper of Dexirus – and practically at the moment Keeper of all of the planets – the man who would tend to the health of the magical animals and interact with them.

A heavy role and one that he'd need a team of Magi-zoologists to make sure he could do it effectively, especially since that much of the lands that the magical – and mundane – animals habited would be forbidden for the general public.

And Cassandra had been amongst the recommended by the King. When he'd met the woman, it had been the first time he'd thought that the King could actually be wrong once upon a while.

What a fool, he was, he mused to himself with a faint smile as he closed the gap between himself and her. She was a natural with the animals, more so than the vast majority of the Magi-Zoologists he'd worked with before and since.

"Gah, this most certainly will be my favourite assignment." Cassandra said with a glance at him, her face alight with a wide smile before she turned to look onwards.

He turned his gaze towards the descending dragons, their pearly scales gleaming like moonlight under the haze of the pinkish-purple sky.

The wings of the dragons, large and small, were flapping almost as if it were in slow motion, gliding through the air with a kind of regal majesty.

"They are beautiful." Henrik agreed.

He'd probably rank them as the most beautiful dragon breeds still extant. And they were also the calmest breeds amongst the dragons too.

The mother-dragon descended down first, the thirty foot dragon somehow landing with more grace than should be possible for a being that large, and her young four dragons, slightly darker in scales that would lighten by the time they were about fifteen years of age, their age of maturity, landed beside her though with less grace.

Henrik's hand went towards his translator around his neck, more to make sure than anything else, and he let go once he felt the physical switch being on.

"Merry Meet, She-Who-Flies-Silently. [Respectful]" Henrik greeted the she-dragon.

The pupils in the she-dragon sharpened as they latched onto him, a pair of eyes that was soon joined by four others.

"Merry Meet, Speaker. [Pleased]" The dragon rumbled out, its disembodied voice ringing around them. The translator, an enchantment that zeroed in on the magical frequencies of dragons and through enchantments and runework that he wouldn't even know where to begin, the translator managed to create very good estimations of what is meant and how it is meant.

One of the drakelings sniffed in the air, towards him and spoke up with a growl in their voice "He is not Dragon. No-dragon Speaks? [Curiosity] [Wary]"

"Yes, youngling. I am a human but I can speak your Tongue. [Gentle] [Wise]" Henrik said soothingly through the translator and the young dragons sniffed and stared and talked amongst each other like children are want to do…albeit with a lot less wondering about if he'd taste like the lizards they hunted the other day.

The mother dragon forced them to quiet down and the young dragons clasped their jaws shut and decided instead to look towards their father who was only moments away.

The male dragon, the forty foot dragon, descended down, no less graceful than the she-dragon. Though, he paid him and Cassandra little mind as he approached the she-dragon and low purring, purring that his translator translated as familiar greeting, before the he-dragon sniffed and spoke with his offspring.

Henrik took a glance at Cassandra and saw she was raptly paying attention.

"It's their fourth clutch of offspring together." Henrik informed her, drawing her out of her thoughts. She looked interested. She knew the two adult dragons and their profile but there was little about their history before they were selected.

"They're both in their fourth decade right?" He nodded to her question. "So they'll have at least twice in the next four decades."

"Yes." He confirmed.

Dragons like the Opaleye remain breeding until well into the last quarter of their lifetime which tended to be about eighty to two hundred years depending on the breed of dragon. Though one thing they shared was that they don't actually become fertile until they were in their third decade with much of their biological functions focused more on growth and on increasing their deadliness.

He turned his attentions back to the dragons, and saw that they were still catching up, so to speak. The Opaleye were also the only breed of dragons that involve the male dragon in the raising of their young, in the first ten years.

He wasn't sure how much that would change with…well everything.

The he-dragon finally turned towards them. "Merry Meet, Speaker. [Regal] [Respectful]" he-dragon turned towards Cassandra "Is this your Mate? [Curious]"

Henrik managed to control his reaction but he imagined the embarrassment had bled through. Before he could answer, Cassandra had spoken up.

"Merry Meet, He-Who-Rumbles. It is an honour to meet a Great One such as you. [Respectful]." Cassandra bowed before the dragon before she eyed the dragon with that look and he didn't like it one bit.

She continued "I am Cassandra. I work with Henrik to tend to these lands and its life." She glanced at him with a gleam in her eyes before she turned back fully to the dragon "I am not his mate-in-life." Henrik momentarily had been relieved but he shouldn't have been. "But he has the potential."

His eyes widened in the admission and she grinned at him with a wink. He wasn't sure if she was teasing him to unsettle him or whatever else but before he could say or do anything, the loud sounds of the dragons snorting ended that line of inquiry.

"I see. [Understanding]" He-Who-Rumbles remarked before he eyed Henrik very closely, to the point Henrik was getting uncomfortable.

He decided it was enough "How are your fellow Dragons? [Curiosity] [Concern]" He asked both the adult male and female dragons, eager to change the subject back towards some sort of professionalism.

"Dragon-kin are healthy. Some stronger than others. [Irritated]" the she-dragon's multi-coloured eyes narrowed into slits as she answered with an undertone of a growl.

It was expected, Henrik mused to himself.

With the magical levels much higher here, some breeds of dragons that were more dependent on magic and previously could only live in some environments only, were now ironically the most well suited for all of Dexirus, more specifically the Peruvian Vipertooth and the Water Dragon breeds.

And, from what they could tell, the recent clutches of dragons were ten to twelve percent larger than what it has been recorded before…and they were getting smarter.

An…evolution so to speak, that seemed to be largely universal across the dragon breeds and none more so were affected than the Antipodean Opaleye breed, the dragons that were before him.

When he'd spoken to them for the first time about eight years ago, the complexity of their vocabulary was…limited. Oh, they were smart and they could communicate enough as it was through their Tongue, but they were…uninterested in other things beyond basic animal needs…food…breeding…warmth…so on. Now?

The Antipodean Opaleye dragons should be granted sapient status just as Mages, Veela and other magical beings had.

"The Serpent Dragons and the Spike-Tailed are keeping to their territories. Most of the time. [Irritation]" He-Who-Rumbles added with a growl.

"We have seen the encounters between the young dragons." Cassandra answered to the dragon. Each of the dragon breed had their own allocated territories that were suited to their breeds. Regardless of how territories shifted amongst the breeds themselves, they would not break the rules that were established unless they could live together peacefully.

As much as dragons could live together…it was only truly in enclosures and only in a specific kind where mother dragons were kept. In nature, conflict between the breeds was a very strong instinct just as conflicts within their own breeds was an instinct.

The Opaleye were the only dragon breed that were exempt from this rule as they were a breed of dragons that were exceptionally calmer as a breed and smarter than all of the other dragons combined. They also had a calming presence amongst the other dragons…most of them anyway and it made them ideal in more ways than one.

"The Elder Dragonkin have punished the disobedient ones. [Satisfied]. They will not cause trouble again. Not unless they are older and want to change things." The she-dragon said in a growl.

The oldest and strongest bulls were de-facto leaders of each dragon breed and though territories could span hundreds of thousands of acres at least, each dragon of that particular breed was answerable to those bulls.

It was unusual and not natural to the dragons but with the translations and whatever else enchantments the King and Queen had done to those first dragons, it created a kind of hierarchy that was more or less stable.

Though the she-dragon was hinting that things may well change later when the ruling dragons are…deposed? Overthrown? Killed? ...no more ruling.

Henrik nodded. "I see." Henrik eyed both dragons. "Has there been anything else?"

The dragons more or less said no, claiming that little has changed between now and one cycle ago and after a few more answered questions, he watched the dragons fly off.

"Should we speak with the other ambassadors?" Cassandra asks and Henrik turns towards her. Ambassadors were a stretch in truth but he supposed it was as good a word and meaning as any. Through the Opaleye they were kept up to date with the affairs of the dragons…as odd as that sounds.

With the concerns that the dragons are quite changing with the environment, the King and Queen suspected that the habits of dragons would change over time…something he'd already seen happen to date. And so the Opaleye had dragons amongst them that informed him about the recent affairs of dragons.

She expands "They might know more. Something these ones didn't know about." Henrik considered it.

"No. She-Who-Flies-Silently and He-Who-Rumbles are amongst the most well travelled of the Opaleye." And thus the most conversant and in touch with current affairs "There's little they should know that these two wouldn't. Besides." Henrik said before continuing "We will still meet with the others as per the schedule."

Henrik paused for a moment and eyed her "Though whether or not you will join me in them, I am uncertain." Cassandra looked surprised at that before she understood.

"I was only teasing." Cassandra defended herself.

"We were on the job."

"Sure, but we were speaking to dragons" Cassandra said with a lilt of amusement in her voice as her eyebrows raised "dragons who are a little more to the point than we officious boring humans."

Henrik shook his head "Just tone it down next time, will you?"

Cassandra eyed him for a good long while before she nodded with a grin that didn't at all seem innocent "Aye, aye boss."

Henrik sighed before he shook his head before he tapped his magi-com to call a skybike to pick them up. The magi-com indicated that the ETA was about eight minutes and he told her so.

He watched the time tick away ever so slowly and it was a relief, when finally, the skybike arrive, allowing him to stop thinking about mating with a woman he was rather ignoring at present.

The thought had, of course, crossed his mind. Whilst he was several decades older than her, well in truth he was twice her age but it wasn't an issue given that both of them could easily live to two hundred years, likely longer should the biological research he'd heard about was successful, but he was her superior.

Whilst there was nothing per se that forbid him from…fraternising, it was not done.

It would look terribly and he'd dishonour her even if she would not think it so.

The new generation were perhaps more…liberal…but he firmly believed in responsibility. Something he did not think she valued as much.
No, he thought, as the space capable two passenger type skybike descended down, it was better for her, for them, that they kept a strictly professional relationship.

They shot through the atmosphere and it wasn't long before they breached it and exited out towards space, the sight of the majestic marble that was Celestis coming in full view.

And, as they veered away from the sight of Celestis towards higher orbit, another majestic object came into view although this was entirely magical-made.

The H.F. Hub, the completed and massive manufacturing complex that could procedure half a dozen capital at the same time at full production capacity.

Its giant mechanical arms, its six different manufacturing centres that spanned twenty kilometres in width, its sheer size that was over forty kilometres in height, all of it was majestic in every sense of the word.

A triumph of all of their accomplishments.

And, he mused as he zoomed in on one of the manufacturing centres, he knew that one day years from now, their greatest structure to date would be complete.

"It'll be a deserving name, don't you think?" she stated as she leaned in slightly, so much so he could feel her breath on his ear. He resisted the urge to react. Positively, or negatively…he was ashamed to say he wasn't quite sure how he'd react.

"Yes." He said calmly but it stretched his calm. He continued "Fortitude will be a name befitting of it." Strength. Courage. Grit.

In this new era for the magical world, they'd need every single bit of it.

"What it is supposed to mean. Represent." He added, this time a little quieter.

He felt her head rest against his back and he stiffened slightly. He wanted to ask what she was doing but…the words remained stuck in his throat.

"Do you think we'll need it?" she asked quietly and it was uncharacteristic.

He pondered it for a moment and only then answered. "We've done all that we can to make everything as perfect as it can be. It is a lot of change." He said quietly.

Their world had always been…small.

They'd lived for so long in the crooks of mundane society…of mundane civilisation.

And now they'd have an entire star system.

Where probably there would be hundreds of thousands on each world with millions of square kilometres for their own use. Where magic could live and breathe without the fear of breaking laws and fear of muggles attacking them.

Without fear of muggles destroying their shared world.

"But I think we will do great." Henrik added quietly. He truly believed that this was an opportunity that their world needed. Good worlds…healthy worlds.

She hummed musically as she lifted her head from his back. "I think you're right but…" She said and he could hear the smile and wonder in her voice.

She continued "I think we'll better than great. We'll do fan-fucking-tastic."

Despite himself, he chuckled.

And despite himself, he joined in the banter.

All the way towards the docking bays of the H.F. Hub.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

15th​ of August, 1984 – Scotland

Lily J. Evans POV

The ground shook, trembling, as if mountains were walking.

Rocks shattered, crumbled, their falling apart a deafening hymn that blotted out all other sounds. Ancient stones that once only knew change through rain weathering them, were now being broken apart, shattering and pierced as it was by luminous jets of magic.

Her gaze was set in front of her, slowly ticking upwards as a thousand years of rest was unsettled, undone, as a monument was awakened from the stones and land and magic that had been its home, its bed, its peace.

Orbital Spheres, no larger than beach balls, buzzed and whizzed around the monument, aglow and growing in luminosity, their presence that had earlier seemed like annoying pest to that immovable mountain was now a life threatening swarm.

She could feel the magic, the sweet humming magic that swam through the air like a kestrel on a warm autumn day, and the cacophony of sounds that came with moving mountains added to the majesty of the occasion in a very physical way.

It was apt, she mused, for it to be so majestic physically just as it was majestic emotionally, a thought that gave her pause as she watched wires and threads and ropes of golden-yellow strands of great magic lifting Hogwarts and the rocks it had been built upon from beneath the grounds and rocks it had stood upon, and held and carried the ancient school upward much like how wicker baskets would hold and carry groceries and wet clothing in ones' arms.

Though…the only difference was the snaking threads that roped and covered every part of the school like an anaconda crushing its prey though in this instance it was more eliminating the complex forces that were in play with the school now no longer embedded within the ground.

The two dozen ships, dart-like in shape and about a hundred metres in length, gravitated around the castle, backing away all the time as the castle gained in height almost tremulously, like a parent watching their child ride their bike for the first time.

When Hogwarts was several hundreds of feet high, she began to fly upwards, assured as she was that the moving was going perfectly, not only assured by her senses that the magic was holding strong but also by the acute data she was getting transmissions of from the orbital swarm through her integrated Magi-Com.

When she approached the up-on high castle, her arms rose, stiff and slowly, like the hairs on one's neck during a sweep of chill, and her bright emerald eyes began to glow like emerald stars as her magic rippled out of her like a kaleidoscopic avalanche.

Hogwarts stopped moving, climbing, and hung in the air like it always belonged there, ungrounded physically to match the unmatched meaning that it held for generations of mages, alive and long passed, and a pin prick of orange-blue dot grew beside it.

Her arms, aloft as they were, twisted slightly, the Will and Intent and Understanding of the Illosian Runes that she embedded within her magic made the effect into reality, and the pin prick became a window to the other side, its radius increasing by ten metres, fifty metres, a thousand metres, the magic that surrounded her bloomed into a second sun of emerald proportions, the strain of holding up such a massive portal was felt by her.

Yet it was a strain that she could bear, her magic buoyed by her utmost desires, which at this point was to see it traverse space in the way that she wanted.

When the radius of the portal was large enough, Hogwarts began to move once more, floating through the air towards the ground that at the side of the portal, the imagery akin to that of a Victorian ship setting off the ports of Liverpool during the early morning, towards a new dawn, towards a new age…a new home.

When Hogwarts and the rocks it stood upon passed through the window in its entirety, she followed suit, through the portal, the dart like ships that had stood sentinel passing her by.

It was always an interesting experience, to travel through a portal horizontally and to come out the other end vertically, or vice versa, she mused as she was now above the castle that was now being guided into place by a team of wizards spearheaded by Atticus and Emily who'd wanted to be involved a little, even if they didn't say it aloud. Hogwarts, after all, was a special place, even for them.

Below her was the city, Avalon, radiating outward with Victorian buildings though at the very centre, next to the huge complex Circum Domum, the centre of Avalonian politics, was a large plot of land that was untouched, waiting, for this precise moment.

When Avalon voted to merge with Illos in a royal union of Kingdoms, there had been another vote to determine what the capital city's name should be and Avalon had won out.

Avalon was on the other side of the Lonis Forests and the inland sea, the Solarian Sea, the large body of water that fed all throughout the Kingdoms.

She turned her gaze away, towards the distance, and at this height she could see the sprawling skyline of Illos against the backdrop of the Celestial Mountains.

For a land that was larger than Corsica itself, it felt surprisingly small, despite the fact that an area that was over eleven thousand kilometres in size.

She returned her attentions back towards Hogwarts and she closed the portal to Scotland, likely the last time she'd ever be in the Highlands again with no one or any beings remaining there.

The Forbidden Forest had been moved in its entirety towards Celestis, its inhabitants, the Centaurs, unicorns, threstrals and everything in between alike, just as many other of the forests and enclosures were moved to their fast approaching new home.

Though, she idly mused, she wondered when that would be, given the grandstanding that seems to have taken hold some of the magical world. The noises of leaving behind a large number of the magical world were growing stronger too.

She shook her head, the sounds of Hogwarts settling down into place bringing her out of her thoughts. She watched as the threads of golden-yellow magic unwrapped themselves from the school, the magic moving on to suture the stones and the castle onto the allocated land, land that was fashioned to be identical to the land that it had once stood spent a thousand years atop of, and she began to glide down towards the ground slightly, knowing that the work was more or less complete now.

Ever since the vote of Union last year, the topic of how Hogwarts was going to be moved had been on the lips of everyone, concern of moving their homes, their other institutions a distant second thought in comparison to the thoughts of Hogwarts even being slightly damaged.

Months had gone in the planning, creation of new magicks had been made by Atticus and Emily, almost to assuage the fears of the public, and all of it culminated in a move that lasted in less than an hour.

She decided to fly down towards the assembly of people at the far side of the hill, at the mouth of the Gardens of Annwn, a communal park-garden that bore tribute to the Celtic roots of Avalon.

As she neared the assembly of people, she could see the Lords of the Old Nobility, and the Chief Minister Prewitt and his cabinet though she made her way towards the Hogwarts staff a little by the wayside.

The hallmark tight frown on Minerva's face was there to be seen, the one that signalled her irritation and impatience, her stern gaze fixed upon the one thing that Lily thought had no real competition for her affections.

The others, like Filius, Pomona and Horace, all wore excited faces and they didn't waver when they saw her.

"Lily!" the exuberant high pitched voice of Flitwick brought a smile on her face as she touched down onto the ground. "A truly wonderful show that was." He practically bounced on his feet as he spoke again "I could feel the magic of the Lift and Anchor Arrays the instant Hogwarts passed through the portal horizon."

She smiled fondly at her former Charms Professor as she walked over to him, them. Whilst she graduated early from Hogwarts, she did keep in touch with her former professors over the years, especially Horace and Filius, the two professors that had helped her the most during and after Hogwarts.

"I'm just relieved that it is over" Pomona exclaimed as she held her clutched hands to her chest "Dearie me, I felt like I was going to have a heart attack where I stood."

"Now, now, Pomona" Horace said soothingly as he came closer to Lily "You were worrying for no reason" Horace said with a beaming smile "Hogwarts was always in safe hands" Horace said with dazzling smile as he looked to her.

"That open cup of tea is still on the table, Horace, even if you don't flatter me." Lily said with an amused look on her face, one that caused Horace and the most of the Hogwarts staff to chuckle a little bit.

"Ah, but you never know, you might forget us all in all of the fame and acclaim you are accumulating." Horace said with a wink.

She smiled at Horace. With her research at SIMS and her own publications that expanded wildly on the kinds of properties that can be added to an object or individual, and of course her famed apprenticeship with Emily that had put her in the spotlight of the entire magical world, she was a public figure of some fame.

"Forget you? Never." Lily said with a playful smile "You'd pester me far too much for me to ever accomplish such a feat."

"Pester?" Horace looked affronted but the gleam in his eyes confirmed it was fake. Even if there wasn't one, she would not have thought the jibe would have upset him.

She knew him well, the Slug Club, the countless of hours she'd spent with him as he coached her on matters of Politics and of all of the intricacies of the world she'd been thrust into when she'd agreed to be an apprentice to Emily at the age of fourteen which had only been expounded later when the familial links with the Sayres was made apparent.

Whilst she had her links to the McKinnon family through Marlie and the Featherborn family through Alice, Horace had nigh on a century of political and social experience that she'd wanted to draw from because she'd been relatively sure that she'd gain an almost neutral perspective on things for the measly price of Horace cashing in on that tutoring socially.

One might wonder why she'd needed to do so, when her links to the Sayre family and Emily would have ensured that she'd get that tutoring, which she did get, but after discussing it with her father, they wanted to be sure that she'd be as prepared as she could be.

In the end, the tutoring she'd gained from Horace had proven to be unneeded with how forthcoming and honest, as honest as they could be, Emily and Atticus had been with her.

And, she mused, had they truly wished, they could have stopped it completely, especially since they had known of it before she'd even started the tutoring with Horace.

"Personally I think the use of that word is far from unfair, Horace." Minerva said in a clipped tone as she walked over, her expression having lost that frown. Likely was content, for now at least, that the school was as well as it could be.

She expected that every inch of the school would be inspected in the weeks to come.

"Minerva, you wound me so." Horace sighed dramatically before his eyes glittered with tease "sometimes I wonder if such harsh words are intended to make me finally hand over stewardship of Hogwarts over to you."

It was an open secret that Minerva would succeed Horace in the near future, something that Lily knew Horace would do all he could to ensure would happen regardless of what people might feel or say about her due her ties to the disgraced Albus Dumbledore, and seeing Horace as he was, aged and tired-looking, she wouldn't be surprised if he would seek to install her in the next five to ten years.

Minerva raised her eyebrow. "Unfortunately, for our all of sakes, you're far too resilient for such a method." Minerva said matter-of-factly though the thin smile on her face was clear of how it was it meant.

It didn't stop the amused reactions from the rest of the staff.

"Just to remind you all." Lily began, keen to return observe the rest of the work now that the physical work was more or less complete "The school will still be closed to you for the next few days."

"When will the heartstone be returned to Hogwarts?" Minerva asked.

"Tonight" Lily answered gracefully. The Heartstone of Hogwarts was accustomed to the leylines that intersected below Hogwarts for over a thousand years.

Now, here, at this site, there would be only be one leylines but that leyline carried magical energy that was several times greater than the output of the leylines Hogwarts had been accustomed to.

Over time, the heartstone would shatter, especially if its wards were ever tested.

Normally, the heartstone or wardstones would have been replaced with a crystalline wardstone that nearly all houses and buildings had but the heartstone of Hogwarts was special. Whilst most ancient family manors had much of its familial magic deeply sunk into the walls and stones of the houses, Hogwarts had that and far more.

The heartstone of Hogwarts had taken a quality that was akin to a cortex, and its walls and stones being its nervous system. To replace it…was to replace Hogwarts itself.

No one could bear that, not even Atticus or Emily, and so they devised an interface shell that dispersed the excess magical energy from the leyline towards several other crystalline wardstones that would be installed across Hogwarts and act like a turbocharger in a certain way.

"The teams are assembled and they will be on-site tonight and in the next few days to ensure there aren't any mishaps with the new wardstones and the heartstone."

Minerva nodded with a pleased expression on her face.

"I'll be around the school a few times in the next week or so, we can catch up then." Lily promised before she began to levitate upward and after a few hasty goodbyes, she returned to the school where she stayed for the next few hours, conversing with the team that was checking the school structurally.

She only caught Atticus and Emily briefly before they had to go but she'd see them soon enough anyway as she'd go visit them once she was done here.

By the time she left the school and was escorted to Sayre Manor, it was well into the evening. 'I hope he will forgive me for missing another dinner' she thought to herself as she walked through the hallways of the manor, her eyes glancing at the portraits that hung on the walls, some of which were centuries old portraits of ancestors.

The first time she'd been here had been when she'd been thirteen, a few weeks after the Young Mastermind program had come to an end. She'd met Atticus and Emily for the first time at that event, and thinking back on it, she'd been a nervous wreck.

Not only because he was her King and her cousin, but also because she admired him and Emily greatly.

Both of them had several Masteries before the age of majority, both of them created something like Illos out of nothing, a veritable island of a ship and so much more and, to say that she was intimidated by it all never mind that he was her cousin, well…

She arrived at the spacious living room where Atticus and Emily were seated and, a little surprisingly, Jean Delacour, the French nobleman who'd been Minister of Magic for France for a term before he'd stepped down. She looked at the table and saw a few parchments laying around which was odd since most business was done through Magi-com.

"Lily." Emily greeted warmly as she gestured Lily to come forth. "Lily, this is Lord Delacour, I'm sure you have met him before, if only through passing."

Delacour had risen when Emily had greeted her and made his way towards her. She curtsied before him and he smiled kindly at her as he took hold of her hand delicately and brushed his lips above her knuckles respectfully. "Lady Evans."

"It is only miss Evans, Lord Delacour. I'm not ennobled." Lily told the man as she withdrew her hand. Whilst the importance of nobility was far, far from important in this day and age, there was still a significant measure of prestige attached to nobility, especially in Avalon and most other parts of the greater magical world, a measure of prestige that she didn't think would completely disappear from magical society any time soon.

It was partly why she liked living in Illos so much where personal accomplishments were greatly more valued than who you were or what your name was.

"Miss Evans." Lord Delacour corrected with a faint nod before he glanced at Atticus and then to Emily. "The hour is late, my old friends."

"Of course." Atticus said with an incline of his head "We can continue at a later date." Delacour bowed before Emily and Atticus before he nodded to Lily and left towards the front exit.

"I hope I wasn't interrupting anything." Lily remarked curiously.

"You weren't." Emily said as she gestured her to sit down before the parchments rose and disappeared into a singularity that led to a secured dimension of some sort.

"Politics and the like." Atticus added as refreshments popped into existence on the table, including a pint glass filled with what was likely cloudy lemonade, her favourite. She eagerly took it and drank of it.

"I thought he retired from politics?" Lily remarked after she'd had enough of a sip.

After the man had secured France's place in the new magical order and ensured that France would be a founding member of the Federation, he'd decided that there had been little point in staying on as French Minister and had stepped down.

He was an interesting man with plenty of achievements…and a deep connection to the French political elite. He'd risen to prominence during and after the Grindelwald war where he'd been a member of the famous Knights of Mimpost and ever since then, he'd been a mainstay in French politics. It would not be wrong to say that he was likely the most influential Frenchman, both in and out of France.

"Politics has a way to pull one back, even if you think you're out of it." Atticus said with a faint smile on his face as he leaned back in his chair.

"Especially when it is politics that is contentious." Emily added almost dismissively.

She hummed silently. It wasn't hard to figure out what exactly it was about.

Despite the monumental success of the Federation, an organisation that boasted fifty-six Ministries and countries and seventy-four protectorate communities along with six other Senators representing their species, there were many problems and simmering tensions that were ongoing.

Which was entirely because of the Revelation of Celestis.

There was significant pushback on the influence of the Federation now that the Revelation of Celestis in 1982 was fully digested by both the public and the politicians, a revelation that had shocked the magical world like nothing other.

She eyed the two secretly. It had shocked her and her family too.

In truth, she didn't know anyone who wasn't completely shocked when the news of Illos and the others in the Grand Alliance having been traveling the stars for decades and that they'd found a star system fifty thousand light years away that boasted worlds that were more magical than even Earth was.

It took years before even the most sceptical had been convinced, and even then, there were still many who were still disbelieving even after dozens of trips were made by delegates and Unspeakables from across the magical world to verify it was all true.

The other revelations of their origins, of the millions of years of heritage that was destroyed because of a lost war with an enemy that could only be summarised as blood-enemy, was even harder for people to understand.

Riots had been observed in many, many places, outrageous demands that their government seek to do something about these monsters that might come back, and it took the King and Queen speaking out that it was ancient history and assuaging the fears of the public that if they hadn't been attacked for past few thousands of years, it was unlikely to result in them being attacked now.

Of course, Lily had listened at the speeches dozens of times now and she'd noted that neither Atticus and Emily had spoken that the threat doesn't actually exist anymore and when she'd asked, she'd been told that they didn't know that their ancient enemies were gone definitively which was why it they didn't say so.

An implication that had Lily hadn't really known how to deal with. She'd done the next best thing and ignored it.

In any case, to say the last few years had been…chaotic, at least politically chaotic, would be understating it…and it polarised the magical world in many ways.

It also didn't help that Illos had made it clear that it, and their allies, intended to move towards the Celestis System around the turn of the millennium which made proud counties like MACUSA, Spain and India heavily resistant to the Federation in the past few years once they began to understand the true meaning behind the Federation.

Her mind went back to Delacour. France was not amongst those pushing against the Federation, in truth it was actually one of the more supportive members thanks to the efforts of Delacour and his supporters, but its closest allies in Spain, Portugal and the Benelux Ministries were…exceptionally leery.

"People don't like change, especially change that shifts towards unclear futures and uncertain times that leaves them with little influence with the captains of the ship." Atticus remarked with a commiserating smile to Lily.

"Hmm." Her mentor Emily only commented behind a blank face as she crossed her legs. Lily sipped on her lemonade as she thought on her cousin's words.

Yes, that was the crutch of the problem, wasn't it? It was very clear who was captaining the ship, so to speak. Atticus and Emily were involved in everything, everything that happened or was done in the magical world.

From Education, to magi-tech, to space, to the politics of the Federation, to trade, everything was influenced by them with immense opportunities, from trade to country-ships, available to those who would accept the concessions demanded by the Illosians.

Concessions that were centred to being agreeable to the move towards the distant star system and aligning with Illos politically. Thus far, four country-ships had been built in the next past decade and a half with two more country-ships still being built.

One of them had gone to the Union de Sudamericana, a league of countries that consisted of Peruvians, Incans, Bolivians and Argentinians.

They'd partnered up to form the South American League and decided to bid and cohabit one of the country-ships, and, if what she was hearing was right, they were keenly interested in settling Drelater, a temperate but mountainous moon-world that orbited the gas-giant Gribidis.

Another had gone to the Central Asian Union where most of the Steppe communities had once been located whilst the last two had gone to Brazil and its allies in the Creole Nations, Mexico and several other smaller Polynesian communities and the other country-ship, which had been intended for MACUSA but had been put off for political reasons, had gone to China who partnered up with a number of smaller communities like the Malay communities that dotted the South East Asian sea.

And one of the two country-ships that were being built was intended for the Ottomans, the Persians and oddly the Minoans that seemed to be closer to its Asia Minor neighbours than the Greeks or the Italians.

All of the habited and soon-to-be-habited country-ships would boast populations of nearly seventy percent of the world magical population, something that truly highlighted to her how…small the magical world truly was.

Most of the country-ships had an area about the size of the island of Lesbos, ranging between twelve hundred to nineteen hundred square kilometres and yet these country-ships were far from densely populated. Even El-Dorado, the country-ship of the South American League that boasted a population of almost two hundred thousand, had a population density of about sixty-five per square kilometre.

"But you're not here to hear us old people grumble about politics." The voice of her cousin broke her out of her thoughts and she looked at him and saw him wearing a faint smile.

She raised her eyebrow at the comment. "Old people?" she pointedly asked as she swept her gaze across from Atticus to Emily, two eternally twenties looking people.

She was almost certain the two had done something to their bodies for them to look so…young and she thought it was quite possible that they created a Philosopher's Stone much like the Flamels had done.

Though she doubted it.

It was noticeable when the venerable Flamels used the Stone as they cycled between old looking and young looking quite often. Something she attributed to the potency of the liquid being unable to completely de-age them and instead worked to 'wind back' the telomeres and other genetic structures to a time where they were young.

It was possible that the Sayres had improved the alchemy of a Philosopher's Stone so that it would be able to more or less fix their age but she had the impression that it wasn't the case.

She knew her mentor well enough to guess that it was likely rituals they'd done to look so young. She grimaced internally. She'd looked into it, for purely academic reasons, of course. The cost of accomplishing looked…obscene.

Her calculations suggested that it required immense sacrifices and she'd gotten sick at the thought of killing so many people. Thankfully, she was sure, it was not what they'd done for it would have left a mark on their magic and whilst her mentor's magic was…murky, it was no different to the kind of murkiness she felt in the magic of the darker families.

"Would this be preferable?" Atticus posed to her before his facial features began to change…age. Where there was medium cropped completely black hair, there was now salt and pepper intermixed with the black and the youthful skin looked more aged.

She reached out with her magic and realised that it wasn't illusion. Well, any illusion she knew of. "Did you change your body?" Lily asked curiously with inspecting eyes.

Her cousin inclined his head. "Yes." He said as he prodded his cheeks, and it must have satisfied him since he looked all the more pleased.

"You're aware of the Metamorphmagus trait?" he posed to her.

"Yes." Lily said surprised. Sirius Black and Marlie's youngest son had the gift as did another girl in the Black family. "I though only those with Black genes could manifest the ability?"

"It is inherent to that family, yes, but it hardly anything special." Her mentor remarked and Lily turned to see her mentor shift her midnight black hair to bright red and her eyes to a deep maroon. "Once you understand magic enough, yours and in general, you understand how they accomplish it in a fundamental level."

Metamorphmagi alter their genetics on a fundamental level in the same way transfiguration changed the look and composition of an object.

"It still takes conscious effort however." Atticus informed her before he changed back and he stretched his jaw slightly as he met her gaze "I doubt we'll be able to do with the same ease as the Black Family can do who have incorporated it within their family magic." He explained to her with a gentle smile before he lost it.

"Anyway, we've changed subjects enough, I think. I'm sure you would like to go home." Atticus commented and she nodded as she straightened up a little and began her report on the moving of Hogwarts.

Whilst they were well aware of everything that has happened, she was the lead in this project and as such it was required that they be filled in.

Bureaucracy, it seemed, didn't spare even royals. Which was odd considering that it was them who created said bureaucracy in the first place.

She told them about the micro-fracture they'd observed in some of the foundation rock that were repaired and the higher-than-expected force the castle was subjected to by the wind which didn't need to be addressed once the wards were back up and so on. All in all, it took about twenty minutes to update them about everything thus far and another twenty minutes before she left their home.

"Babe?" she heard him call out as she entered their home.

"It's me. Sorry, I got caught up with work." she said with an apologetic lilt to her voice as she flicked her hand and her shoes melted away before returning to their old structure and with another flick she sent them flying towards the shoe rack.

She squiggled her toes before she walked further into their home and she saw him perched over dusty old tomes on the table as he sat on the sofa, the reading glasses hanging off of his nose as he peered at her. A gentle smile came across his face.

She made her way towards him. "I know. I was watching on the Holo. You did great" her boyfriend said encouragingly as he pushed aside his work and moved across the sofa so that she could sit next to him.

She took a glance at the work and saw that it was the Arithmancy work he was contributing to with Agoralos and her Divination students as part of his Magi-Historian job and collapsed onto the sofa and she nestled herself into his side, breathing in his musty scent that she associated with warmth and old books.

"Thank you." She said warmly as he caressed her upper arm. "It was a little nerve wracking to be honest." She admitted to him.

Whilst she was no longer affected by the opinions like she was when she was younger, she was still very demanding of herself and wanting to prove herself.

Though, in all honesty, she was relieved more than anything that everything went without a hitch. The accolades she'd get for leading the project was a distant thought.

He chuckled softly. "Hmm. I can understand why. Hogwarts is special to everyone."

She moved against his shoulder and looked up and met his dark green eyes. His were not the bright emerald eyes that members of her extended family boasted. It was murkier, darker, like spring moss over old stones, and they were no less enticing.

She moved up a little and pressed a gentle kiss to his lips.

He hummed pleased against her lips before they parted and he eyed her curiously. "What was that for?" he asked a little teasingly. She smiled at him.

"No reason." she said to him with a loving smile as she raised her hand and brushed aside his sandy-brown hair that was threatening to fall over his face.

He hummed and she saw the knowing glint in his eyes as his face turned warmer, somehow. But then, she mused to herself, he'd knew her better than anyone else.

How odd, she thought to herself, that she wouldn't have gotten to know him if he hadn't been because of her curiosity about the quiet Ravenclaw that passed through Hogwarts like a ghost.

She could remember it vividly, even without the use of Occlumency, the day she noticed him. She'd been in her final year at Hogwarts, about to graduate two years early.

With her apprenticeship with Emily and her familial links with the Sayres becoming known to everyone, her status amongst her fellow students had skyrocketed and there hadn't been anyone who didn't want to 'befriend' her or make her 'swoon'.

From the Black scions to the Prewitt twins, so many boys had tried to win her affections. It had been…suffocating, in all honestly and she'd pushed to graduate two years earlier than the one year she'd planned when the attention became so problematic that she was losing her friendships with Marlie, Alice and Mary who all had love interests that were being pushed towards Lily.

She'd always be thankful to Horace for intervening in the way that he did, despite the hits he would be taking from the families who were keen to 'win' her over.

She'd often sought refuge in the quiet corners of the library and on one auspicious day, she found a boy in Ravenclaw robes seated the next table over.

She felt amused at her younger self.

She'd been so annoyed that her refuge was a refuge no more that she tried to force him to leave. He'd looked at her with his mossy green eyes and refused before returning to his books.

It baffled at her, the refusal.

No one had refused her anything, especially not since her apprenticeship and her 'noble' bearings became known to the magical world.

She'd asked why and his answer surprised her. He told her that this was his place first and that he'd been coming her since the second month of his first year.

She grimaced internally as she thought on how she tried to get him to leave regardless of who was the rightful 'owner' of the spot, even going so far as to threaten him to make him leave with magic and his next words had stiffened her still.

'Are you so entitled that you think everyone should bend over backwards for you?'

Entitled…

She'd left not long after that, her tail between her legs.

She'd known that she had an arrogant streak within her. Even Potter could see it and he was arrogance personified. But she never thought that she was entitled.

And to her younger self's horror, she realised she had become entitled in a short few years. The professors, her friends, everyone catered to her in some way or another and she'd gotten used to it.

It took a month before she went back to the spot and lo and behold, he was there as well. She remembered the careful look in his face as she walked over and the surprise as she sat on the next table beside him and began to work on her homework and her assignments handed to her by Emily.

This went on for the next few months, where the pair of them worked on their work without a single word passing by, and…and she'd loved it.

Companionable. Comfortable. Pleasant. Peaceful.

It was wonderful.

She'd discretely found out more about him in those months and had early on realised that he was in the same year as her, well would have been had she not jumped year groups.

From what she was able to find out, he didn't really socialise with anyone, not even his fellow Ravenclaws and was known to be a smart but quiet, preferring the comforts of his books than the presence of others.

His family were also of a similar quiet nature, a minor noble house that often worked within the old Ministry of Magic in some capacity or another.

No wonder she didn't recognise him. He was a ghost that kept to himself.

One day though, he asked her about the charms book she was reading, something that surprised her greatly though not unpleasantly and she answered it honestly.

From then on, the months went by far too quickly and before she knew it, she'd graduated from Hogwarts with the third highest grades ever in her subjects.

But, the day before she walked out of the doors of Hogwarts as former student, she nervously asked him if he'd ever wanted to grab some food during the holidays.

She still remembered vividly the look of surprise on his gentle face. As the words that had crept out of his mouth 'Like a date?'

'No, not like a date. Just a date' she'd responded and the rest was history.

"You look like you're about to doze off" he said as he gently removed her, much to her displeasure, from his side and stood up "You need to get some food in you first."

At the phrase food, she'd perked up, much to his amusement as he chuckled.

"Ooh, what did you make?" she asked with eagerness as she also stood up and followed him to the kitchen. She was a terrible cook, much to her mother's disappointment and Tuney's delight, and her boyfriend was undoubtedly the only reason why she didn't eat out. As much.

"Spaghetti Bolognese" he told her with a teasing look on his face and he laughed aloud at her hungry look, knowing as he did that it was one of her favourite dishes.

"With the lemon sauce on top?" she asked eagerly as he went towards the stasis cabinet.

"Of course." He said as he brought out the dish and floated it towards her. Her tongue threatened to melt on her tongue as she stared at the food.

Though, she managed to tear away her gaze and looked at her boyfriend with a grateful look. "You, Mr Lupin, are in for a treat tonight" she said with a half teasing half serious glint in her eyes, one that made him chuckle, and she took a fork and began to dig in, her entire being radiating with happiness as heaven filled her stomach.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

17th​ of August, 1984

Alice POV

She waited atop the auxiliary transport as it crossed the distance within the Core Room, towards Storage Facility Zero-Zero-Four, her attentions idly focused on the hubbub of activity that was going all around her.

Seelie, Golems and mages alike were performing one task or another, like routine diagnostic checks or improvements to the systems that Illos and the slaved country-ships needed to survive as they were, and it was a sight that she'd gotten used to over the past decade or two.

Many were amongst the first who'd gone to Celestis though most were informed ten years ago, long before the rest of the magical world was informed.

The Seelie had been most pleased about the assistance the mages provided them, she mused as she eyed one of the fragile looking organisms that was floating some distance above her on a path towards major power conduit Beta-Zeta-Zero-Eight-Four.

They were not unused to the mages – they'd been working with them for over three decades now topside – but they had been unused to working with them in the Core Room outside of the twenty kilometre Docking Complex and the adjacent Moeniae Assembly Complex.

As much as the Seelie were mechanical geniuses, they were limited in some aspects, namely when it came to maintaining heavily magical systems. Before, the Creator or Creator Emily would receive daily reports from the Seelie on what may needed to be checked or repaired and they'd come down and perform it themselves.

Now, there were teams of mages who assisted the Seelie in this function and, quite often, would assist the Seelie in the more mundane maintenance activities.

The transport dais arrived at her destination, south-west from the central spine of the Core Room and she stepped off of it. She tilted her head as the identification ward washed over her, the ward that contained within its repository the magical and electro-magnetic signatures of the vast majority of the magical world.
The doors swished open and she stepped through.

Her steps echoed through the facility as she verged deeper into Storage Facility Zero-Zero-Four, one of sixteen other facilities that held a myriad of items for storage or contained equipment for experiments, her gaze washing over the containment tubes as she walked past them.

Some facilities were rather uninteresting nature and would contain relics and artefacts from one magical civilisation or another, much of having been fished from the bottom of the Atlantic Sea where much of the more resilient Atlantean relics had remained for over sixteen thousand years, though it also contained many artefacts expropriated from the European and Chinese nobility during the Raven War.

Other facilities were occupied for experiments, like Creator Emily's experiments with the Veil, a fascinating structure that her Creator and Creator Emily believed to be a portal that could pierce through the fabric of the Universe by using the Domain as a medium, whilst the rest of the facilities were used as safe locations for the more dangerous experiments like anti-gravitic wave experiments which could unravel even black holes.

She eyed the rows of containment tubes as she continued to walk towards where the sensors indicated her Creator was.

Bodies were suspended with their mouths slightly ajar in biological liquids which served to sustain it with oxygen and essential vitamins and calorific materials.

This facility was much like the facilities that housed artefacts and relics though where they differed was that these would expire in the next two hundred years whilst the relics would now.

Alice believed it to be nonsensical, to occupy a facility with thousands of bodies when they were in effect, defunct biological matter, especially now that their secondary purpose has been rendered complete.

The indoctrinated had been judged at the Milanese Trials to be innocent of their crimes but due to the nature of their minds, they could not be released.

A comprise was made where Illos would detain them indefinitely without cost to the rest of the magical world and so Illos was bound to held them captive until they no longer lived.
Her Creator could have disposed them half a decade ago once the tests of the Miring-Gene was completed but he refused on the basis that he'd given his word that they'd live until natural death, even though it was pointless given that her her Creator and Creator Emily removed the Essences of the prisoners and recycled their Essences in clones that were then given to families to raise, making the bodies akin to single celled organisms that only fed, breathed and produced excrement.

She saw him standing there with his arms behind his back, facing a particular body, one that she recognised on sight alone. Pierre Le Havre.

The man far better known as Cullaica.

She watched him curiously as she came to a stop next to him. Her Creator often came here, so much so that she came to understand it was almost a place of solace for him.

With so many of their plans activated and in progress, some of them that he tasked her to monitor and control, like ensuring that geo-political and social events in the Mundane World happened exactly as he wanted, he was never not working on one thing or another, and most of the time it was politics that demanded his time.

A shift that she knew he disliked greatly yet he did it with extreme focus, which initially surprised Alice significantly as it was outside the scope of her calculations.

Alice thought she had rightly calibrated the personality of her Creator but when he returned from Celestis over a decade ago, he'd changed overnight. Their plans, which had been active for over two decades by that point, were all but scrapped and new plans had been put in place, including the plans for the Mundane World.

Exodus itself – and how it would come to happen – had been moved up several decades and secrets were revealed far earlier and in less urgent circumstances which demanded far greater political involvement of her Creator, something Alice not expected he'd choose.

"They have an odd pulse of magic about them." Her creator began drawing her attentions fully to the present.

She tilted her head curiously, microseconds passing as she tried to verify what her creator was indicating. She did not have magic in her partly magical body but this region of the Core was fitted with sensors of all kinds.

"The sensors do not measure any irregular readings, Creator."

Her Creator smiled faintly before he turned to her. "It's very faint. Almost melds into the ambient magic that pervades throughout Illos. Isolate frequency bands Zeta-Beta, Chi-Tau and Kappa-Sigma."

The frequencies of neurophysical energy had been mapped out to a highly organised degree and the sensors were sensitive enough to isolate individual bands of neurophysical energy frequencies. The sensors were recalibrated to attune to those frequencies of neurophysical magic and within milliseconds she received positive readings that had been ignored as background noise.

The cycles per second in which the frequencies pulsed was zero point zero, zero, zero six two, which was highly irregular.

And none of the bodies were operating at exactly the same frequency either.

Curious.

Her Creator smiled deepened slightly. "It's understandable" he said as he turned back at the bodies. "Those frequencies have not been measured as possible for living beings and with the pulse of the Mithril leylines, it will get lost. I can sense and isolate it mostly because I can see it being there." Her Creator paused as he raised his hand slightly, almost touching the containment tube.

"It's quite fascinating" her Creator said with a note of interest in his voice. "All evidence shows that without the soul, without the Essence of a being, the magic that is contained within the vessel should re-attune to the ambient magic that surrounds it. Yet these bodies, slight as it may be, have some kind of individuality that persists."

"Their neurophysical energy is stagnant. Idle." Alice voiced out as she turned her gaze towards the containment tube. "Anomalous, yes, but not unreasonable given that there may be a biological function as to why their energy is as it is. Individuality remaining is highly improbable given the loss of neurological function and Essence."

"Not in the classical sense." Her Creator said with a smile in his voice. "No, such individuality does not exist, you are right in that, but there is individuality that remains, that lingers, in that body."

It took her fractions of a microseconds to interpret what he meant. "Genetic memory?" Her Creator smiled as he turned to her. He nods slightly as his arms leave his back and a display formed.

A strand of Mage DNA showed itself.

"Just as microbes and environment assist in shaping the genetics of complex life, so too will there be shaping of one's magic by the actions and consequences of that individual." The strand of Mage DNA changed noticeably as her Creator spoke.

"Like tyre marks in mud." Alice commented and her remark surprised her Creator though it soon faded away as he smiled at her warmly before he nodded.

"Yes, quite like so." Her Creator said before he turned his eyes towards the strand of DNA that began to shift, changing its sequences as the genes responsible for neurophysical energy was altered to that of the Resurgence-Genes, genes that were the similar as that of the First clones, and genes that would be the 'parting gift' of the magical world as Exodus was completed.

Her Creator's eyes were intense as he looked at the genetic structure and Alice understood why. It was a major shift from what had been intended. Creator Emily had been instrumental in the decision.

Whilst the majority of Dormants will be affected by the Miring-Gene Array, there would be several thousands that would be unaffected, not only to ensure the requirement of magical presence in the Sol system – which would also alleviate suspicions of what had been done to the Dormants by members of society even if it was much lower than expected which would be explained away – but also to keep close ties with the Mundane Human society that could prove useful.

Her Creator dismissed the strand of DNA and turned his gaze towards her.

"Our cousins are deviating slightly." Her Creator stated with a serious note in his voice, indicating that he'd already come to speed about the altenate conversation they'd had.

She connected to the Limited Artificial Intelligences, LAIs, the human-form golems that pervaded throughout the Mundane World in the thousands, most of them slotting in replacing individuals who had either died in accidents or criminals who were removed with their memories extracted from the residual electrical signals within their nervous systems and neurons.

Each of the major powers had several hundred LAIs embedded within positions of influence. Within a moment of a blink of an eye, she reviewed the memories of hundreds, thousands, and found no deviations amongst the memories.

Until…

Until she arrived at the 'Jackson Seale' LAI memory banks and found that there was a slight deviation. It was minor, inconsequential by most metrics but clearly if her Creator was commenting on it, it was significant enough that it needed action.

"Shall I implement course corrections?" Alice asked.

"Yes. Please. Nothing major and nothing out of character. Should he allow the other Scourers to continue on their hunt, MACUSA would be able to pull down the entire organisation before the Reveal could come to be" Her Creator told her.

Alice tilted her head in affirmation as she worked out a sequence of commands that were in line with the Seale character and a few seconds later, she nodded her affirmation to him that it was done.

Her Creator's eyes went aglow for a moment and his expression turned into stone and it was less than ten seconds later that his eyes returned back to their normal faintly aglow violet emerald colour. "Much better." Her Creator said as he began to walk and gestured her to walk with him.

She followed.

"How is your project coming along?" Her Creator asked her kindly. Alice tilted her head towards him and gave her Creator a smile.

"It is going well. I have completed mapping out the major and minor events and I have started writing the first chapter." Alice told her creator.

She'd been curious about her Creator's music and had taught herself how to play. Her Creator told her that she played perfectly but said that it wasn't the purpose of playing music. It was meant to have emotion and meaning.

It had made her think and she realised that she was unlikely to have emotion and meaning like humans would have and she decided to move onto something else.

Like books.

Books didn't need her to have emotion or meaning but she could create characters that did have both and so she decided to write.

"Exciting." Her Creator said with a smile before he continued with a curious look on his face "Will you be able to tell me now what it will be about?"

Alice weighed it up. Yes, she decided. She was at a point that she could tell her Creator about the story she was creating. And so she did tell him as they walked.

She told him about the world that the book(s) will be set in, a world of perfectly explainable physics though that would appear to the still scientific illiterate people as 'magical', from floating mountains that bore significant Gravitonium-Iron ores, from multi-coloured rivers to animals that existed above the cloud lines which were buoyant due to the composition of the air above the clouds.

By the time she finished, they were out of the Storage Facility and into one of the sections of the Core Room. With the protections her Creator and Creator Emily placed upon the Core Room, protections that even prohibited his portal travel amongst many other forms of travel, her Creator would have go out of the front door, so to speak, like everyone else.

As they rode atop one of the auxiliary transports, she watched him curiously as he looked around with an introspective look, one that she recognised very well.

"Something is troubling you." Alice asked with a curious tilt of her head.

"I wouldn't say troubling." Her Creator said with a soft smile before he looked away from her and back towards the working crew that boasted mages, Seelie and intelligent golems. "Just wondering on what-ifs. More specifically one what-if."

"I was wondering what my future would have been had I never met Moira."

Alice considered that. "The branch of paths are near infinite, Creator, but from what I have been informed, such an event would not have been possible given the deterministic nature of your meeting of Moira."

Moira's daughter and the Monks that had worked in the background for almost two thousand years made the birth of her Creator all but certain.

Her Creator understood that and he nodded as such. "Perhaps. But consider it for a brief moment. Consider that I had not met Moira."

"Chances are high you would have been dead" she said after her calculations of the scenarios had been completed.

"The Symbols." Her Creator agreed.

"They would have achieved greater success with the absence of Moira in my life. The Monks were predicated on the notion that I, or rather the chosen one, would have searched them out. It is possible that they would have continued to shield me from the Symbols but it is also possible they would have removed the shields as soon as it was apparent I was not the chosen one."

"They would have killed you many years before you were ready to face them." Alice said matter-of-factly. Her Creator smiled grimly before he nodded.

They would have killed him as soon as they realised their preferred route of Albus Dumbledore defeating Gellert Grindelwald was threatened, which would have been any time from when he was a child to even before killing his parents before he was born.

"You do have inordinate, what may be colloquially defined as, luck, Creator." Alice responded to her Creator. The probabilities were quite often in his favour when they should not be considering factors and situations. "It is possible you may have succeeded to defy the odds, insurmountable as they might have been."

Her Creator laughed shortly before he looked her amused. "I think you may be developing a sense of humour after all these years."

"I was entirely being serious, Creator." Alice answered her Creator though admittedly, she was stretching her logic functions to a wide margin to arrive at the conclusion that there was a possibility her Creator would have lived.

"Hmm." Her Creator only answered in return, which was full of scepticism.

"What has brought on this…pondering?" Alice asked her Creator. Alice by now knew that her Creator was prone to irregular and often illogical questioning and ruminations, a function that admittedly was quite useful. It helped him lead himself, and others, to paths of thought and action that proved fruitful at the end.

This consideration however?

She could not see the value of it.

"I was thinking of influences." Her Creator told her with a faint smile as he looked towards the working crew once more. "Influences of certain people at certain times and how that change everything…and sometimes nothing." Her Creator turned thoughtful. "Moira, for me, is perhaps the most important person that has ever lived, in my opinion."

She considered it and she came to the conclusion that she agreed.

For her Creator and for Alice, that was most certainly true. Her Creator had created her, yes, but it had been the Ancient Human technology that granted her sentience she possessed now and though her Creator would have likely succeeded in creating a sentience, it would have likely been more magical than technological.

"I concur." Alice said after a while. "She is the singularity."

"She is." Her Creator agreed before an odd look came across his face. "A singularity that I owe my very existence too and all that I have accomplished in more ways than one." Her Creator shook his head.

Alice realised then that in a certain way, Moira was her Creator's Creator, more than simply biologically. Like tracks in the mud, she'd left an immovable mark on her Creator that could potentially impact the entire galaxy.

"Don't tell her I said that though." Her Creator said semi-warningly though it was said with a faint smile "I'd never hear the end of it."

"She most likely already knows, Creator." Alice said with some humour.

"Well, she doesn't need to hear it." Her Creator said with a light glare.

"My metallic lips are sealed, Creator." Alice said and her Creator's glare cracked as he smiled at her before he shook his head.

"Emily's been a bad influence on you." Her Creator muttered.

Alice wisely said nothing further.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

19th​ of August, 1984 – The Federal Assembly, Illos

Senator Dimitar Krum POV

His gaze fell upon the Drow Senator, the oddly blue skinned almost scaled being that bore the façade of looking human. His gaze then turned to the Wood Nymph, the green short statured girl-like being that sat amidst the Senator of the Creole Nations before he cursorily glanced at the other non-wizard beings that sat amongst them all as if they were…

He cut his thoughts short though the distasteful feeling lingered within him.

Amongst the sixty-two Senators that sat in this Federation, six of them were occupied by what only a few years ago would have been called Magical Creatures instead of simply magicals, as if they were equal to the wizarding race.

A change that was difficult to swallow, not only for him but for many of his brethren that survived and it was only that it was clear that their societies were segregated that made it even possible to swallow.

He sighed internally as he sat back in his chair. Years did little to remove the distaste he felt for those beings, even the Veela. He remembered the effects the mind warping wretches had on his people and to think they were so honoured…
He shook his head. He knew it was a…flaw of his, as his remaining children would so happily tell him, but he couldn't help it. He'd never like the creatures, even if he stopped hating them. Openly. 'If the option still existed to hate them openly, you would' a distant voice in his mind voiced out and he grimly acknowledged it.

He was not as enlightened as some of the other Senators claimed they themselves were, even though he knew that it all hogwash. He scanned across the Assembly.

Whilst many of the Senators were 'of the Light', there was a healthy mix of Senators of the greyer and the darker persuasions. The esteemed Argentinian and the Mexican Senators were not too long ago considered Dark Wizards by the ICW.

He smirked slightly.

If there was one thing, one rare thing, that he appreciated about the Sayres themselves, it was that they were not holier-than-thou many people believed them to be.

He remembered reading in the fifties about the sweeping disarray that had taken hold of South America and he could now see that the Sayres had a hand in it. Greatly.

Where before coups and civil wars routinely destabilised their societies, it was now never stronger. All under the auspices of the Illosians of course. Of course.

The smirk fell off.

And it wasn't just the South Americans either that their auspices reached. Europe was the same as well. Just as China was. Just as many other smaller regions were.

Illos was the unrivalled political juggernaut that had its fingers in every single society. Even his own country and people, Bulgaria.

'Though…how long it would remain simply Bulgaria was yet to be seen' he thought to himself as memories of 'Eastern Europe initiatives' filled his mind, initiatives the Minister of Bulgaria was reviewing and that would see Bulgaria in a union with Lithuania-Poland, Belarus, Russia and a host of other smaller communities like the Hungarians and the Serbs.

A union that would culminate in a country-ship being built for their people.

And this Federation, was their chef d'oeuvre, their masterstroke that would see them enforce their influence under the guise of unity. With the devastation of Europe and the permanent dissolution of the ICW, formally, by none other than the Illosians themselves, who cleaned out Alexandria of all magical presence to the point that there was no evidence that the centuries old Magical Quarters had ever been there, the Federation had little difficulty in sweeping up Europe into its Federation.

He eyed his surroundings, the domed building with its crystal ceilings. This very Senatorial room was built from the same structures as that of the ICW chambers.

He turned his gaze towards the other Senators, towards the South American seating area. And once South America, China, and a host of other smaller communities joined up, it became far too difficult for most Ministries and communities to resist the pressure of joining up the Federation.

Even MACUSA had swayed to join, even if they were regretting the decision now.

He glanced towards the seats of the Council of Five, seats that were occupied by Illos, Aziza, Ame-No-Ukihashi, El Dorado and MACUSA. The Federation was a political system with two tiers of territorial levels of government; Federal and National.

All members within the Federation were subjected to the Federal laws and must abide to its founding constitution whilst anything else that lies outside of the purview of the constitution and federal government was self-determined though with the universal rights and freedoms demanded within the Federal Constitution, one that resembled the Illosian Constitution, it was incredibly sweeping in the change demanded in many communities. Especially in Europe.

Of course, with the occupation by Illos that hadn't ended until after the rebuilt nations had joined the Federation – something that was inescapably noticed – no one, anyone who was left anyway, had complained. Dimitar certainly hadn't.

Sovereignty was constitutionally divided and shared between the Federal government and Ministries or Communal Entities that were large enough to qualify for a Senator – which might happen in the next few years if the unions of similar communities was going to happen as he'd heard in order to give their people a voice.

In all honestly, Dimitar was mightily impressed that the Federation had even worked.

Even with the might that the Illosians had, he thought as he gazed at the Council of Five which were the seats that could, with a majority, veto a ruling or decision made by the Senators of the Federation and three of the Five were heavily allied with the Illosians with only MACUSA the disparaging vote that could oppose the Will of the Sayres, it shouldn't have been able to be this successful.

The Federation was a big idea, too large of an idea, and it diminished the power of the native peoples far too much and handed it over to the Illosians who were the undoubted leaders of the Federation. Yet, it worked. Yet it succeeded. Yet it thrived.

His own Bulgaria had access to far more resources, consumables, even finances that would have required previously an investment from a wealthy Bulgarian. Now, anyone could start a business, even the peasants, with but a stroke of a quill.

And even this…news of their supposed ancestry that stretched out to millions of years, even this open secret that the sole purpose of the Federation was revealed to be geared towards settling those Celestial worlds and make the magical world to abandon their ancestral lands, hadn't hit the political influence of the Sayres at all.

It was testament to the political influence the Sayres wielded within the magical world that they could make even the most ardent pureblood agree to their worldview.

The proceedings began and he was still only listening with half an ear.

Dimitar eyed the Illosian Senator as the Indonesian Senator spoke.

Anyone with a political brain could see that the Illosians, the Sayres, were steering the magical world towards a destination they want. Literally and figuratively.

They'd even said as much that they planned to leave this world for the Celestial worlds.

The shock of the confirmed Celestial worlds, the shock of their supposed ancestry, this Federation…the looming departure of a large chunk of the magical world…

It was all beyond the pale and his, their, worldview was being upended incredulously. And the Illosians were still steaming ahead, still ensuring the train would leave when they wanted it. Regardless who is opposed to it.

Regardless if members, like the Americans, were threatening to leave the Federation.

He turned his gaze towards the other Senators. German, Austrian, Norwegian. All were either half-bloods or squibborn. Survivors of the purges and rulers of severely diminished Ministries.

The populations of most territories held by the Ravenites had their populations culled or forced to leave, many as much as by sixty percent though on average it was less than that though not by much.

They were a shadow of the proud Ministries they had been at the turn of the century and were deeply divided people and it didn't help that many of the surviving noble bloodlines of those countries were electing to remain in Illos instead of returning 'home' as remaining purebloods wanting them too.

There was zero chance of that happening, not if the reports the Healers had provided were all true. Those scions were traumatised and the Illosians were their 'heroes'.

He sighed silently. And as much as they were divided amongst themselves, the one thing that united them was their insistence to maintain a friendly relationship with the Illosians and have made commentaries that they wouldn't be opposed to leave with the Illosians 'when the time came'.

From what he heard as well, many of the Central and Northern European Ministries might well ally together to form their own union and petition for a country-ship.

Dimitar scoffed.

All because they feel like Illos 'avenged' them and feel like they owed them loyalty.

He was of a mind that it was more likely that they let the atrocities happen like some of the more sceptical and heavily disgruntled members of society unhappy with their lot said under their breaths. 'No one wanted to offend the Illosians out loud.'

He shook his head clear of that thought. It was unbecoming to think so unfairly of them. The Illosians were many things but they were not that cruel.

Not that monstrous.

He grumbled before he sighed audibly, attempting to focus more on the proceedings.

He was failing.

He knew for all of his negative thoughts about where everything was going…he wouldn't oppose it. Not because he was fearful of reprisals like he knew others were but because he did feel like he owed a debt to the Illosians.

A debt that he'd repay by sitting here, sitting amongst beasts and those of muddled blood. A debt he'd repay by seeing this damned thing through and then retire away.

Because, despite everything, he knew it was a debt he needed to repay.

He'd only survived because he'd worked with the Ravenites in every way possible, in any way possible, as long as it kept his hands clean. A bitter hateful feeling passed through him, one that was mixed with deep seated guilt and cowardice.

It hadn't been enough.

He'd lost Ivanka to them, to their madness, wrapped up as she'd gotten in their philosophy, before he'd elected to run with the rest of his children, and it was only because she had died long before the Illosians had acted that his and that of his daughter's had not caused the end of the Krum family line as it was.

He should have ran sooner, damn the consequences, or at least should have let his children escape, all of them, before they'd gotten their minds twisted by the insanity.

But…

His eyes grew cloudy. He'd gotten wrapped up in the glee in seeing so many of the creatures, the unworthy, see destroyed and cast low, that he'd reasoned away the danger the Ravenites presented to his family, believing that his purity and cooperation was enough to stay their hands.

He'd seen that brutally dissuaded at the death of the Ioan family, the reason that prompted his and his family's escape from his homeland.

He shook his head, forcing vivid memories and guilt and sorrow of his daughter away from his mind. Yes…he thought tiredly. He owed the Illosians to get rid of the bastards that had caused his daughter's death.

And maybe…he thought to himself quietly, and maybe his support would ensure that his surviving children wouldn't have to see their children involved in a war.

Like he had been with the Grindelwald war.

Like his children had been with the Rave War.

And he'd happily sit in this…Federal Assembly if it would stop it from happening.

Hours later, he left the Federal Assembly and made his way towards the pyramidal steps of the Federal Building, his eyes sweeping across the area.

Tall spiralling buildings filled the distant skyline, skybikes and skymobiles sailed through the skies, the hum of the magic of Illos could be felt on the skin.

He sighed heavily as he narrowed his eyes temporarily, almost closing. Illos was a balm to the soul…to his magic. It was as if he was swimming in a pool of magic.

He'd never felt anything like it.

He reopened his eyes fully and set his face blankly as he descended down the steps.

Only those who could feel the magic of Illos could fully understand why so many wanted to move here. And why so many were not closed off to the prospect to moving to other worlds when the officials, one of whom had been his colleague, had visited the worlds and claimed that they felt far more magical than this world did.

He made his way towards the west side of the pyramidal steps, where he was being waited on. He nodded to the rough looking dirty-blonde haired man.

"Dimitar." Luka Jukic greeted with an incline of the head.

"Luka." Dimitar said gruffly and they began to walk towards the more distant parked skymobiles they'd take to Hallos Terminal.

Luka swept his wand up and enveloped them in a privacy bubble.

He eyed the man with a blank expression. The Bosnian Senator was one of Bulgaria's closer allies. Similarly to Bulgaria, Bosnia had suffered under the tender mercies of the Ravenites but largely had made it out intact. For the most part.
And whilst they never placed their public stance out in the open, he knew that the Bosnians were not exactly happy to be within the Federation. He even heard rumours that the Bosnians had refused initially only to change their minds after a visit from Illosian ambassadors.

Rumours that he was more inclined to believe than not. The Illosians, after all, were persuasive. "They won't pass the bill." the Bosnian stated.

The bill meaning the private bill that was to provide benefits to affected businesses that relied on the production of potion ingredients and potions.

"No." Krum confirmed "I don't think they will." Krum eyed the man. "You knew that anyway." Krum eyed the man with scrutiny. "Are the alternatives not working?"

The Bosnians historically had been the largest producers of certain ingredients, ingredients that were widely used in a large number of potions. They'd oversupplied the market too, for centuries, ensuring that potions with their ingredients would be cheaper to use than any alternatives or alternative potions.

The Bosnian pursed his lips. "They work fine." 'But that's not the problem', Krum thought dryly. The Bosnians wanted the same privileges they had before…to dominate the market with their ingredients. Even if it far easier to produce anywhere.

"Then you know the rules set by the Federation." Krum stated to the man.

The Federation had enshrined into law that should alternative ingredients work in existing potion recipes, that the ingredients that require animal product shall not be used for any reason.

Dimitar dryly thought to himself that it was almost every potion now could use flora substitutes making the necessity for animal product obsolete. Often times, it only required minor adjustments to existing potion recipes as the flora could be prepared in such a way that it could have the same effect as the animal ingredient.

The Diggory Potions Mistress, Eileen Diggory, formerly Eileen Prince, had recreated hundreds of potions with collaboration with a number of potion masters, like Fleamont Potter, the creator of Sleek-Eazy.

The Bosnian cracked and scowled "Yes and it is ruining everything." The Bosnian said with a shake of the head before he peered at Dimitar "I'm under immense pressure to obtain concessions from the Federation."

Dimitar eyed the Bosnian before he looked away from the man and peered across the street. Concessions… "What will you offer?" he asked the man even though he was looking at one of the Mage-Priests across the street.

He could see the symbol of Magic, an oval Celtic knot, and if he was closer he could see pinpricks of glittering dots surrounding the knot which were meant to represent stars.

The resurgence of Pagan practices amongst magic-folk was significant, he mused to himself, and Illos was spearheading it. Even the mudbloods of Avalon were said to be embracing it.

"Union with the Slovenians, the Croats and the Hungarians."

Dimitar resisted the urge to swivel around swiftly and stare at the man. Instead he peered the Bosnian from the corner of his eyes. "You're considering uniting with peoples you have been…adversarial with?"

"It hasn't always been terrible." The Bosnian said with a grim smile.

With the sectarian and ethnic…problems the Balkans have had for generations that dated back to Roman times, the consideration the Bosnian was stating was almost unbelieved. Almost. After all…they were living in strange, strange times.

"You hope to secure production rights for a number of ingredients" he stated. It was the most logical conclusion. The Illosians won't budge on the matters of potions ingredients, especially with the amount of product that is needed each year.

The Bosnians have perfected the rearing of magical creatures but the conditions were…abysmal and it has led to worse product over the centuries, according to some critical potioneers.

The Bosnian smiled grimly and it gave him the answers he needed.

The Bosnians were a small people, barely reaching a number of ten thousand at their height of power some centuries ago. Right now, the census suggested that they were only seven thousand strong, the smallest community with only the Albanians approaching their numbers who were about nine thousand strong.

A union with the Slovenians, Hungarians and the Croatians would see their influence grow that much stronger as they would get to a population of over sixty thousand. They'd also retain their seat on the Federation whilst also gain three votes who would be working to assist them in matters like this that mattered to them. Freely.

"Why do you think union would get you what you want?" he still asked.

"Because I know the Slovenians and the Croats are eager to obtain a country-ship. With Hungary, who wouldn't be opposed to such a thing with enough prodding, and ourselves, they'd be large enough to warrant a country-ship."

"And it would come at a cost of ensuring that you secure sole monopoly on a number of key flora that would ensure your own people would have international exports." Dimitar finished for the Bosnian. The smile on the man's face was clear.

"Why tell me?" Dimitar asked as he looked around. The man had asked to meet with him after the proceedings. He had a suspicion why, of course…

"You're getting old if you don't know why I'm revealing such critical information to you." Luka said with a thin smile.

"...You want Bulgaria to be a part of your union…of your bid" he stated out loud.

"Your people are already thinking of it with the Polish and the Russians." Luka pointed out. Dimitar said nothing in response for a long few moments.

There was no point in denying it.

"Thinking." Dimitar elucidated. "Not committing. Like you want from us."

Luka tilted his head as he looked calculatingly at Dimitar. "You know as well as I do that one way or another, your people will be on a country-ship within the next decade…maybe two." Luka smiled grimly and bore a wicked glint in his eyes.

"After all, it is what the Illosians want. The Sayres want." Luka said humourlessly.
'And they get what they want, when they want' was left unsaid but both of them understood it clearly. Just as they understood that catering to that desire would get what the Bosnians wanted. "I will bring the proposition to the Minister" he answered noncommittally. The Bosnian nodded with a mockery of serenity.

"That would be much appreciated." Luka eyed him critically. "You may wish to secure some kind of industry for your family in this new world of ours."

Dimitar didn't answer as they approached the skymobiles. With the giant that was Illos, no industry was safe from their hands safe for what they agreed to not produce.

And Bulgaria knew their touch very well. Bulgaria was famed for their Acromantula silk clothing and their farms, and he'd seen his country lose much grip of the market thanks to the destruction the Ravenites had done to their farms.

They had recovered only a quarter of their previous output…and they were not selling all of their yearly produce either. It was a concern that many of his colleagues had. "I will see you next month." Dimitar said with an incline of the head, one that was returned and soon enough he was aboard a skymobile, and as the skymobile was flying through the air, his mind was filled with flying thoughts.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

21st​ of August, 1984 – Washington D.C.

Jason M. Lafides POV

The sounds of background music, of clinking glasses, of chattering filled his ears.

Beautiful sounds amongst beautiful smiles, he mused to himself with a sense of triumph. He looked down towards the Gala, filled as it was with donors and believers, and that sense of triumph bloomed to a smile.

More and more they were collecting evidence. And more and more, they were winning over sceptics about the evil that exists in the shadows.

The events in Trieste, Italy, the strange deaths that left bodies without blood in France, Belgium and even Mexico of all places, and the historical inaccuracies that didn't make any sense.

But, he mused as he looked towards the centre, towards the crucifix that had many people surrounding it, their crowning achievement, the very crown that would make people believe in the truth, was in their grasp.

"It seems like the truth is finally sinking in." he heard from behind him and he turned around and saw his friend, Jackson Seale, coming towards him with a smile and two glasses of champagne.

"It seems so, my friend." Jason said with a wild smile as he took the offered glass of champagne and turned back around towards the crucifix.

Bolted onto the crucifix, naked and bloody and with more than a few swords and knives sticking out of the devil's beast, the beast itself snarling widely with its mouth covered with a metal brace that clamped its jaws shut, was their very vindication.

A vampire, the devil's own monster.

Jackson Seale, with a number of other fellow of their association had found the creature and managed to trap it. It was the greatest accomplishment any of them had achieved and the results…well, he mused as he turned his gaze towards one of the men, one Ronald Kroc-Barg, a grandson of the late American titan Ray Kroc, who was approaching the beast with a broadsword.

The man stepped slightly as the beast snarled at him but soon enough he laughed it off with others and moved closer to the beast and pierced it in its side.

The beast snarled out in pain but continued to move, even as the wound around the broadsword began to heal, to the fascination and horror those around it.

Yes…it was a great achievement and soon…soon…everyone would know of the monsters that lurk in the shadows…including those who would walk in the sunlight amongst them despite being of the same devil's ilk as that creature was.

Jason turned back towards Jackson and raised his glass, a wicked gleam of triumph in his eyes. For over three hundred years, their association had tried to bring the truth to the world, to God's children. And now…they would have the chance to do so.

"To the Scourers!"

Jackson grinned as he raised his glass and clinked at against his.
"And may our light scour the world clean from the abominations!"

Jason never heard more beautiful words.

And it would be words he'd see to realisation.

My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 67 others
mosefboombox117
Nov 25, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 34 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Dec 11, 2023
Add bookmark
#416
I have finally reached the end of Odyssey of a Mage (Chapter 99). The wait between chapters will be a lot more structured now - every two weeks, I will post another chapter.

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!

Note: If you would like to read ahead, the next chapter is available on discord whilst the rest of the chapters are available on Patreon
Chapter 34

25th​ of December. 1991 - Illos

Parelius Parkinson POV

"Good evening, I'm Gene Randall in Washington. We are standing by for an oval office address by President Bush as he contributes to a day that even historians may have trouble describing. A day when Mikhail Gorbachev resigned as the President of a Soviet Union which already ceased to exist.

The new power broker, the Russian President Boris Yeltsin.

In a statement issued a short time ago, President Bush praised Gorbachev for what he called his years of sustained comment to world peace. He also spoke of his intellect, vision and courage. THe two men spoke on the phone before Gorbachev delivered his televised resignation speech.

Mr Bush will look ahead to a future of dealing with the new commonwealth of independent states and we are told now the President will go ahead with formal recognition of those republics, notably Russia. We'll be back after the president's address which we understand will be fairly brief.

Now the present of the United States."

…

"Good evening and merry Christmas to all Americans across our great country. During these last few months, you and I have witnessed one of the greatest dramas of the 20th​ century. The history and revolutionary transformation of a totalitarian dictatorship, the Soviet Union and the liberation of its peoples.

As we celebrate Christmas….

Parelius listened quietly to the address of the American president, talk of struggles against the communists, how its shaped all nations, how the world lived under the spectre of nuclear war and how it was a victory for freedom and moral values.

Parelius mused to himself that it was a rather a graceful victory speech, one that specifically venerated Gorbachev thus creating a central focus that the collapse was internally driven rather specifically made to collapse by America and one that focused on 'welcoming' these states to the fold all while bearing the torch of freedom, as much as a man like Bush, a man in his position, could make.

After all…this was a spectacular win for the American muggles.

One that exemplified their society and their beliefs, one that solidified the notion that their way was the best way, the divinely supported way, so much so that their enemies were now joining them politically, economically and philosophically.

He heard Cato's characteristic scoff beside him and he turned towards the man, as did O'Leary and Venberry, two other senior members of the Office of Intelligence.

They'd come together for this momentous moment, even if O'Leary and Venberry did not know of Exodus and presumed that it was only to share in satisfaction in the end of the Soviet Union which had been a major cause of irritation for their Office. With the fall of the Soviet Union, they were in the final stages of Exodus.

Cato met Parelius' gaze, his face slightly contemptuous as he spoke "Such gloating in their victory." Cato's face twisted slightly in a mocking look "As if the collapse of the Soviet Union had been of their doing. It was inevitable, the collapse of the USSR." Cato turned towards the holo-screen.

"With or without the Americans, the USSR was a flawed state doomed to fail and it could be argued that it only existed for as long as it did because of the Americans."

"I wouldn't be so sure of that" O'Leary commented as she bore her grey-blue eyes towards Cato. "The pressure of and by the Americans highlighted to the public the inadequacies of the Soviet Union and by proxy, the inadequacies of the ideology. Without the Americans, it could have taken centuries for communism to fail."

"There is also the point that without the Americans, the need to spend so much on the military and nuclear weapons would evaporate." Venberry pointed out.

"Totalitarian governments will always spend a greater portion of their GDP on military, it is practically a written rule into the fabric of the universe. Americans or no, the Soviets would have spent similar amounts as they did in this timeline." Cato dismissed before turning towards O'Leary.

"Without the Americans, the Soviets would have overextended itself across the world. Communism, at its core, is a fundamentally incompatible ideology to the nature of humankind, particularly so for the mundanes. Europe, Africa, Asia, there would be no place on Earth that the Soviets wouldn't have striven to convert to communism and in that over-extension, they would have been torn apart internally. The sixties, even in Khrushchev's reign, had proven their internal instability despite his attempts to alleviate the brutal conditions Stalin had championed and fostered."

O'Leary responded to Cato with a combative line of questioning and as they continued to argue, Parelius tuned them out as he turned towards the muggles on the holo-screen.

It was inevitable, Parelius mused to himself as he watched on. Regardless of how influential the Americans had been in causing the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Even with Illos' careful interference they initiated through the sixties to this point.

Stalin and his purges ensured a legacy of terror that was maintained for too long during and after his death. Khrushchev, however mild he was in comparison to Stalin, maintained the system of ruthless politicking leading to his supporters gaining positions of power regardless of their competency.

In the end, it maintained a highly corrupt and inefficient government regardless of his wishes and endeavours to modernise the USSR, something that made it unable to deal with the multiple crises that came with foundations on which it was built upon…a foundation of murder, betrayal and delusional strongmen.

He leaned back in his chair as he watched the reporters talk amongst themselves, the sounds of his subordinates arguing a muffled noise amidst his thoughts.

Still, he mused to himself, despite the corruption of the Soviets, despite the abject disdainful society they carved out, oddly enough they were not the main instigators in the majority of the plots they stopped before they could begin.

Ironically, the environment of high stakes, high risk, low reward the Soviets created amongst themselves had led to more restraint amongst their military officers, at least when it came to those who had direct authority in the matters of nuclear weapons.

Irritation flowed through him at the thought of the Fidel Castro, the delusional Cuban who was a fracture-point in history for nuclear catastrophe.

Thrice they and Alice had to work together to put an end to any events that would lead the Soviets acquiescing to placing nuclear weapons on the island.

The Americans would not back down from their Cuban red line, in any circumstance.

It was irritating and took away some focus on the magical much more than he liked.

It was bad enough that they had to ensure the Ravenites had kept their activities in the magical world, a task that was no small feat even with the help of the Far-Seers, and trying to make sure the muggles didn't poison the world had been unwanted.

Normally such duties of interfering in the muggle world would have fallen to Alice and Alice alone but His Grace had tasked him to assist whenever needed, claiming that it was their responsibility to heal 'unintentionally trampled butterflies'.

He returned his attentions back on the holo-screen.

In many ways, it would have suited their needs had they not intervened and let the muggles kill the majority of their kind off regardless if the unintentional trampling was a consequence of Ravenite and Illosian activities in both worlds.

The Magical World would not have needed Exodus to force the unwilling communities to leave with them if the world they were leaving behind was an irradiated wasteland.

Unfortunately, he knew His Grace would not let that happen.

His indifference to the muggle world only extended so far and in truth, he keenly understood that His Grace wanted the muggle world to follow a certain…trajectory.

One that His Grace was dead-set in seeing happen.

And the collapse of the Soviet Union was one event that he knew His Grace wanted to happen. Years, decades of attempts to reform the USSR politically, socially and economically had all failed, and instead of driving growth, specifically economically, it only led to drive the USSR into collapsing as its society led to many Soviets to learn how much worse they were off in comparison to their counterparts.

He didn't have the full picture, about how much His Grace had…influenced the collapse but he imagined it was probably minor considering the…disparity of wealth when compared with their 'capitalist' counterparts who lived in better homes, ate better, had better leisure.

Humans…regardless if they were muggle or magical, had an envious streak in their nature. History proved that time and again. And this era was no different.

It was in their nature to covet that is better than what they possess and as soon as such information is available to be digested, to settle in the psyche of society, it is a matter of time before resentment and discontent bubbles within weak societies.

A feeling of amusement settled in his core as he arrived at a particular curious thought. It was a streak of human nature that Illos had exploited ruthlessly in the magical world.

The wants of magicals was substantially different than that of the muggles, of course.

After all, there was a good reason why communities were almost as prevalent as Ministries or other forms of government had been.

Self-sufficiency being accessible for thousands of years had seen to ensuring small communities could thrive as easily and as well as large governmental organisation.

But ultimately, that same nature of covetousness could only be resisted so much, especially given that the Earth was getting all the more crowded.

In the span of a generation, the muggle population had doubled and he'd seen the projections that would see the muggle population rise to over ten billion by 2035, less than a half a century away.

Whilst the muggles moved into their cities more and more over the past few decades, what could not be understated was the bleeding effects it has had on surroundings lands…namely the need to feed those city dwellers.

Lands that once upon a time had at most a few villages who sustained themselves on their lands were now transforming into huge tracts of farmland.

Lands that once upon a time had been left to nature were being destroyed for the resources underneath the soil, displacing or killing the native animals that dwelled in those lands.

Lands that bordered or were within the domain of those communities.

In the end, Parelius mused, it had been rather easy to inspire that seed of covetousness into a forest.

Communities that had once been inseparable from their homelands were now residing in country-ships or, in some instances, been allowed to move to Celestis like some of the Native American tribes had been allowed to do.

And, as he listened to the reporters speak of Russians eagerly enthusing the opportunity to taste American cuisine, he would not be surprised that it would be only a matter of time the former Soviet Bloc embraced most if not all aspects of American life.

He turned towards the others in the room, and tune in on their argument which by now had shifted towards if what they were doing about the nuclear weapons in the Soviet bloc was enough, a familiar argument.

Whilst they did not interfere in the treaties proposed by Americans and Soviets, like the START proposal in 1991, Alice and the IO had worked together to ensure the number of nuclear capable countries were limited along with ensuring that the security of the nuclear silos and delivery vehicles of nuclear armed nations from any…interested parties outside of these governments.

Their work had thwarted a number of organisations from obtaining nuclear materials, including a plot by the Iranian theocracy and a plot by the South African revolutionaries to get their hands on fissile materials to force the hand of the Apartheid regime.

"We won't interfere." Parelius' voice cut through the argument and he grabbed their attentions. And the Far-Seers or His Grace hadn't mentioned further involvement.

"There is enough drive amongst the muggles to limit nuclear proliferation especially by the Americans. They'll help push the Russians in taking the nuclear arms from the former Soviet states. It is in their interest to limit nuclear capable countries."

Plus, Parelius mused, in less than two years, the matters of muggles would no longer be something to concern themselves with.

"Does that mean we can recall our agents?" O'Leary questioned.

They had a number of agents in territories like Russia, Ukraine and the territories along the Caspian Sea, not only monitoring the muggles there but also to keep an eye on any magicals that might be born amongst the muggles since there was no magical presence there, much like most of Europe, Asia, Africa and South of Central America.

Although…less and less squibborn were being born.

"Yes." Parelius stated before he shared a glance with Cato before returning his gaze towards O'Leary "Though hang off from doing so until I give the order."

He didn't think there was any further reasons to involve themselves in the muggle world but he'd have to confirm it with His Grace.

O'Leary inclined her head with understanding.

Soon enough, he was left alone with Cato as O'Leary and Venberry left and they enjoyed a companionable silence as they shared a glass of fire-whiskey.

"Not long now." Cato broke up the silence and Parelius said nothing as he drank of his fire-whiskey. Cato glanced at Parelius before he spoke up again with a strong note of interest in his voice. "Saw you got yourself a nice plot of land."

Cato drank of his fire-whiskey before he added, this time with an amused smile "A little out in the wild though isn't it?"

Parelius eyed his dark-haired successor with an unimpressed glint in his eyes. "I'll ignore the fact that you are keeping tabs on my purchases."

Cato looked entirely unabashed by the comment as he responded. "It is a matter of public record, sir. I happened to chance upon it."

Parelius didn't respond to the jibe for it was nothing but one given that Parelius knew that Cato would have to trail across protected government records in order to find his purchase of his land.
"It's a good place to retire." Parelius said instead before he drank of his fire-whiskey.

"And pretty far away from the places where the country-ships destined for Celestis will land." Cato pointed out before he eyed Parelius with a curious look "I did notice though that you'll have a pretty good vantage of Illos" the curious look transformed into a knowing one. "and whatever cities and towns that spring up around it."

Parelius curled his lips slightly, confirming Cato's suspicions.

Parelius would have many years left to go as he was less than a century old and likely could have two more before death took him. And his new lands located around the mountainous valleys north of Illos' eventual landfall would place him suitably to see Illos and Avalon grow outside the boundaries of the country-ship.

He was looking forward to seeing it happen in his very, very long retirement.

He knew if he wanted, he could carry on for the next hundred years but Parelius was a believer of change being necessary. Whilst he doubted he'd see stagnation occur in his Office, he was well aware of the impact of overdependence.

He'd been elected as Overseer of the Office of Intelligence every seven years since his ascension to the Office and in that time, he'd been the one constant for every single member of the Office.

He was as much a fixture in the department as the furniture was.

Many owed a sort of allegiance to him and it wasn't a good thing.

After all, the Office of Intelligence was, next to the Office of Far-Sight, the most important department when it came to the security of the magical world.

Personal fiefdoms were the death of duty and the birth of corruption. And with the steps he'd taken with Cato, he'd seen to it that there would not be another like him who would have such power and influence.

Magical oaths of service could only do so much in limiting abuse of power.

Which was the positions O'Leary and Venberry would occupy positions would be a counter-weight to Cato's and his successors' power, both positions able to challenge the authority of Overseer on matters that impacted the Federation, Celestis or the Office itself.

That Cato understood the necessity of such counter-weights was the very reason why he'd chosen the man as his successor, why he felt comfortable in leaving the OI as soon as they made the move to the Celestis system.

A truly fortunate circumstance, Parelius mused to himself as he nursed his glass of fire-whiskey. Because he would have…disliked having to extent his rule.

"Have you looked?" Parelius asked the younger man.

Cato shook his head. "I've not." A faint smile grew on the man's face. "and I probably won't. I'm a city man through and through." Cato said with a mild shrug of the shoulders. Parelius hummed silently for a moment.

It was a characteristic of the majority of the younger generation who had been born and raised in Illos or in Avalon. Even scions of the ancient families.

It wouldn't surprise him if that would be a trend that was followed by the majority of the magical world in the centuries to come. Still…

"You might come to regret it." Parelius commented to the younger man. "You might not get the opportunity to purchase the available lands a century from now."

At least cheaply.

"Perhaps." Cato acceded "but I don't see the point of owning land for the sake of owning it." Parelius kept his silence. Cato had a point but it was also naïve.

There was wealth in land and Celestis, more than any other planet, was set to become the wealthiest of all by a very, very large factor.

The simple fact was that Celestis would be home to four country-ships and Illos, making it almost twenty percent of the magical world population, and Celestis already had entire industries being built on it…and around it.

And, intimately knowing Their Graces as he did, he expected that Celestis would become the very centre of nearly all industry and economic output.

Owning land in Celestis was a very good way to ensure the financial wellbeing of one's family and whilst the available land was limited to a certain maximum amount of acreage per family, Parelius knew that branches of families would eventually come to an agreement to secure the collective wealth of their families.

Whilst Cato didn't need per se to secure his finances in that way, with how well he was paid, he expected the man to have greater foresight about such matters, even if they were counter to his outlook on life.

Unfortunately, he knew that Cato wouldn't budge on it. Just like as the others that had been raised on Illos wouldn't. They'd been taught with different principles, different ideas of wealth and worth so he expected the Avalonians to scoop up a large portions of land on Celestis.

They continued to talk idly for the next hour, talking about the staff and who might be up for greater responsibilities before suddenly a portal formed in front of him.

A portal that he could see lead towards the King and Queen. Cato stood up and bowed and Parelius stood up moments later after finishing his drink. He set it down and stood up, before he walking towards the portal though not without stopping briefly and glancing at Cato who inclined his head in goodbye and Parelius turned around and stepped through the portal without another word.

He bowed his head respectfully. "Your Graces." Parelius said to the King and Queen before him before he glanced at Alice who stood by a very familiar holo-display.

'It was that kind of meeting' he mused to himself as he returned his eyes towards the King and Queen. Even if Exodus was known to a large number of Illosians and Avalonians, only those in this room, Cato and the Far-Seers knew of the Plan to trigger it.

"Parelius." The King acknowledged with zero levity in his expression, something that only made Parelius straightened up.

The Queen gestured him forward. "Come. We have much to go over."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

31st​ of December, 1991 – New York

Jason M. Lafides POV

Jason stood up, the sound of his scraping chair not enough to silence the commotion across the dinner tables beyond that of his own, and he began to tap on his half empty glass of champagne with his tablespoon held in his liver-spotted hand.

Slowly, the hubbub began to die down and eyes turned towards him, eyes that belonged to the ruling elite of America. They'd come so far over the years. Decades.

He trailed his gaze across the dining hall.

Republicans. FBI agents. Lobbyists. CEOs. Bankers.

Collectively, these people owned a twentieth of America's wealth and could influence another ten percent and more importantly influence American politics.

"Good evening all." Jason began with a charming smile. "To this occasion of New Year's eve, an eve that is momentous as we go into the next no longer with the odious spectre of the Soviet Union hanging over us!"

Cheers and 'hear hear!' rang across the room.

The fall of those filthy communists was the best Christmas present they could get.

Well…second best, he thought to himself briefly before he shook away that thought.

"And now with these new republics joining the world in common sense and good old fashioned capitalist profit" Jason quipped with a charming twist of the lips which gotten him a laughing cheer before he dropped and turned serious "It is now, more than ever, important to remember that our greatest enemy, by God and by all that is good, is still out there, hiding and waiting to strike against good Americans."

The cheer and light-heartedness in the room evaporated away like mist on a sunny day. He shared a look with Seale, who gave him a slight nod before he turned back towards his wider audience.

As they learnt more of the foul creatures, the greater their concerns became. They'd tamed the vampire, as much a feral beast could be tamed, through months and months and years of reward and punishment.

And through that beast, they learnt. Oh, how they learnt. They learnt of this magical world, this abomination that was in between the crevices of their civilisation, existing around them like rats.

No, it was unfair to compare them to rats…they were worse!

And over the years, ever since they snagged a witch in '76 and wrung the truth out of the creature's foul lips, they gotten a good understanding of how deep the conspiracy and unspeakable crimes these things did to them.

All in the name of the Statute of Secrecy and this Rappaport's law.

His eyes darkened, a deep seated hatred rousing within him.

He still remembered so very avidly the cries of the witch that claimed that it was for the good of the world that they get to play with the minds of people, altering or removing memories from people to 'protect both worlds'.

What a crock of total bullshit.

The creatures were doing it out of self-preservation and sick superiority, nothing more, nothing less, and the delusion of the witch did nothing to sway them from that belief, not even the most sympathetic amongst them.

With the witch's well of information, they discovered so much. So, so much.

They discovered their shopping districts, their schools, even their government and most of all…the places where their communities are located.

They discovered tens of thousands of acres of US land that was owned by the federal government through satellite imaging made by KH-11 though there were no records within the government or in the State they were located in.

Yet…as one took a closer look at some of these places, it was very clear that there were settlements there, particularly around Salem in Massachusetts.

Stolen lands, lands that belonged to Americans but instead was sequestered, taken, by these godless creatures, masking, hiding them, hiding within that land, in ways that they could not even approach without finding themselves miles away suddenly.

That was the scariest part of it all…the way these creatures bend their minds and their God-given free will without them even knowing it.

And that was if they were not doing it specifically against them…as they have done to thousands of people over the years…perhaps even millions.

His anger grew at the thought. The more they understood, the more they could put things together about the crimes of these creatures.

They could directly trace thousands of cases of institutionalised people who, out of nowhere, lost their sanity, and seemingly seemed to remember things and people that there was no trace of…almost.

Thank the lord for the existence of cameras and dental records for it was these that ensured that there was evidence remaining of the conspiracy and the kidnapping of children.

The creatures were thorough in their removal of evidence, direct family and entire communities would be made to forget these children, school records, family albums, even hospital and governmental records were swiped clean, as if these children never existed in the first place.

But they missed dental records, of all things, and thanks to diligent investigation, they got to confirm about a good thirty percent of the cases, more than enough to assume the truthfulness of the other seventy percent when it came to their loss.

Though that seventy percent was reduced even further by pictures taken by other families or people at large social gatherings…gatherings like Halloween, movie theatre nights, or fireworks and the like.

A wave of grimness washed over him as he remembered when they'd shown an elderly woman who'd been institutionalised in the forties a picture of herself, her ex-husband and their daughter.

She'd broken completely in hysterics and she had to be sedated. Last he heard, she'd not spoken ever since.

That was the only time they'd shared their findings with any of those poor people.

Not only to save whatever bits of sanity they had remaining but also to save them from knowing how corrupted their children's souls had become.

In any case, it helped prove that these creatures were deeply embedded into their world, however much they liked to pretend they weren't and it brought a deep seated fear within them all that they could come any day and wipe their memories without them any wiser.

It was why they had segmented away parts of their organisation once they were certain of what they were dealing with…and now…and now it was time to set those plans into motion.

He swept his gaze across the hall one more time before he spoke.

"Now, with the fall of the Soviets, it is now time to set our attentions against this so-called Wizarding World."

Many of the backers present today did not want to 'upset' the global order with the unveiling of the magical world, an argument that had somewhat fractured the organisation for over half a decade.

Nuclear Armageddon seemed only just about balanced on the knife's edge ever since the Cuban Missile Crisis and the reveal of these creatures to the world was seen as something that could very well tip the world into full blown catastrophe.

Fierce arguments were had, one side arguing that this could unite the world against the creatures, the other arguing that control of the situation would be completely forfeit and more likely to tend to accidents that would lead to total annihilation, with the more cautious side winning the votes in the end, deciding to act when relations with the Soviets had improved and stabilised enough.

As much as he hated to say it, it had worked out even if he'd seethed about the wait, much to his relief considering that he'd thought that by the time they'd act, they might very well have been too late. The witch had said that many of the creatures didn't live amongst people any more, especially in Europe.

The creature had rambled about country-ships that floated and the like in an attempt to obfuscate the truth. It had put the fear of god in him when he heard the reports but thankfully the satellite images had confirmed that she was delusional.

They would not have missed ships the size of islands. He doubted even the damn Soviets or the British could have missed something like that.

Yet, despite the interrogations, she maintained that lie and they had to concede that it was likely some kind of cover up even amongst their own people, likely having gone to ground somewhere in the world like the filthy rats they were.

And if the witch was telling the truth that more and more creatures in America were moving away as well, it was only a matter time before their targets would move away and their window of opportunity would be lost.

Thankfully, it was still in play as far as Jackson confirmed and now with the Soviets collapsing, there was never a better time.

Truly, God was with them.

One of the crowd stood up and he let off a smile when he recognised that it was the owner of one of the largest news corporation in the US.

"I agree, Mr Lafides" the man said with a gravelly voice as he took a glance around before he raised his arm slightly. "With the Soviets gone and the Russians far too focused internally at least for the next few years, if not decades, this is now the most opportune moment to begin our plans to expose the creatures and their conspiracy to the entire world."

Murmurs of agreement was had, though most of the senators were stony faced or looking on calculatingly. The senators for Texas and Seattle in particular.

They would be vital in stirring up Congress and the government towards acting against the infestation. The gentleman who now turned his gaze towards Jason, would also be incredibly vital in getting the public's support as they exposed the creatures' crimes.

"Are we ready?" the man asked Jason with a penetrating gaze.

"We will be." Jason assured before he glanced around "The plans have not changed and the circumstances have not either." With how vulnerable they were as soon there was one single weak link, they could not afford to divulge the full plans to the group.

Not even Jason knew the targets and their whereabouts.

Jackson stood up and spoke up "The summers are the most ideal times."

"We'll need time." The senator for Texas called out from his seat, his fingers dancing on the rim of his glass. "This summer is too soon." He glanced towards the others of their group, many of whom gave a nod of confirmation before he turned towards Jason. "Elections are this year." The senator said with a cold gaze.

"Bush may not be cooperative" one stated and the senator turned towards that voice who continued "He's proven to have a bleeding heart."

The noise in the hall suggested the vast majority agreed with that sentiment.

Bush had broken several pledges, including raising taxes, and his strongest point which had been foreign policy, had evaporated away in an instant with the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

That, coupled with slow economic growth and the fresh faced Democrats made the idea of change an attractive proponent to the American people.

"He might even consider these creatures to be like us."

"He won't, not if we don't let him have the time to even think about such a foolish thing. And his decisions have been hurting him with his supporters and he knows it. It will the chink of his armour" the senator said with a smile before he turned towards the owner of the news corporation "Your assistance would be appreciated." The senator said before he turned towards the bankers "yours would be too."

"You'll have it." The owner of the news corporation said distastefully and the others did the same. After all, however disappointingly soft Bush has been, it was still a far better choice than any Democrat. God forbid that Clinton wins.

"Very well then." Jason said with great reluctance. "The summer of '93." Jason had waited decades and he had to hope that a year and a half more would not be too late.

Hours Later…

"What do our people in Europe say?" Jason asked as he handed a glass of brandy by Jackson as the car began to move, his eyes intently studying the grey-haired man.

"The same." Jackson said with a sigh as he nursed his glass in his hands.

"So nothing." Jason said with a bitter note in his voice.

The clues that once led Jason to Europe were no more. Strange deaths, institutionalisation and strange missing cases were almost non-existent.

Jason took a long swill of his drink before he set his eyes back on Jackson. "There is no clue where the creatures are? They've never been so inconspicuous before."

"None. Even in the Balkans there is no hint of…activities." Jackson said carefully.

Jason grunted irritated. With ethnic troubles of the Balkans, he'd expected at least something to prove that they were still out there in Europe.
But nothing.

It was…disconcerting.

Especially considering that the creatures seemed to enjoy involving themselves in wars and conflicts…like they had in the second world war.

He set his jaw slightly.

Hadn't that been a surprise?

That the Nazis had used the creatures in their war against the Allies.

In hindsight, he considered, he shouldn't have been surprised considering the depths of evil the Nazis had descended down to. Dealing with the spawn of the devil seemed right up their street. He sighed silently.

Unfortunately, the witch did not know too much about their involvements with the Nazis, especially being in her twenties as she had been before her death, but she'd known enough to clarify that they'd helped the Nazis significantly, quite possibly heavily aiding them to the point that they were able to sweep across Europe as quickly and resoundingly as they did.

That titbit of information had been influential in the arguments to delay exposing the creatures to the entire world, at least until some sort of agreement could be reached with the Soviets. Fortunately, it was no longer needed with its dissolution.

Good thing too, given how…difficult it had been to find likeminded people whilst also navigating safely the terse climate that existed in the US in all matters communism. One misstep and misunderstanding in the form of treason and sedition could have dissolved much of their progress.

"I know you're worried Jason." Jackson said, interrupting Jason's train of thought "But there is nothing to indicate the witches here in America are set to leave. Especially our targets. Their young are still school age."

"They won't be forever."

Whilst he did not know who the targets were, he did know they were families…which was the key point in their scheme.

Jackson drank from his glass before he answered. "No, they won't but some of them will still be in the summer next year."

They fell into an amiable silence, one that he broke minutes later.

"It has to work." Jason said quietly, his hand wrapping around the glass tightly.

It was only a matter of time before the creatures would no longer be content in the shadows, acting against them with a disinterested hand out of false preservation.

It was no doubt that the creatures believed themselves superior…that vampire had stated as much. Fear chilled his spine as he remembered some of the things the beast had told them. Infighting between the creatures, alliances that allowed the vampires to prey on humans…

Something that the vampire believed had led to his kind's demise, believing that he was one of the last…if not the last of his kind, hunted down with extreme prejudice.

Would they be next? He'd wondered in the darkest of nights.

Would they attack them in the middle of the night, burning down their cities like they had surely done to Trieste with their abominable godless abilities, one day no longer content to hide in their holes like they have in the past few centuries?

No, he thought to himself fiercely. He would not let it come to that…not now that they knew where the creatures congregated in their United States.

And, in time, they'd hunt down wherever else they were. They might have gone to ground even further in recent years but they would be pulled out of the grounds like the vermin they were.

"It will." Jackson said and Jason turned to meet his cold eyes. "The rest of the world will know of their nature, their crimes, and soon enough anyone sane will come to understand that there is only one choice we can take."

"Us…or them." Jason said with a note of hatred in his face. Even bleeding liberals would come to see that point of view. Us…or them, there would be no other option.

Pleased, Jackson nodded, a cold smile forming on his face as he raised his glass "To our victory." Jason smiled though his was more hateful and he raised his glass, his thoughts pinned on the idea of a world that truly, completely, belonged to them.

A world free from devil spawn.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

22nd​ of January, 1992 – Illos, Gardens of the Hearth's Home

He stood there for a moment, looking, the hum of synergetic magic that surrounding them pleasant, a drum that waxed and waned with the rustling of leaves and stems, an ambient song filled with notes of a thousand hues.

Evergreen these trees may be, they were alive with breadths of vibrant magic that made that evergreen lifeless in comparison.

He turned his gaze towards his young companions for the day, two bright flames that sung as beautiful as the nature that surrounded them.

A small smile crept on his face as he watched the two children delighting in being surrounded by the fire-moths, moths had wings made of flames and antennas made of smoke.

He wriggled his fingers a little, the frequencies of magic that attracted the fire-moths strengthened once more though, as a mischievous smile formed on his face, and he wriggled his fingers a little more, tying and twisting frequencies of magic into a pattern, as if he was knitting threads of cotton into cloth, until the fire-moths were spiralling and dancing around the children like a miniature tornado.

The children gasped at the display, their heads turning upward as the spiral of fire-moths turned upward before the pattern he'd knitted caused the fire-moths to descend down and spiral around them, eliciting yelps from the frightful but awed children, and it made him chuckle in amusement.

His chuckles drew their attentions, even as they were hosting fire-moths around their legs and around their torsos, and their exclaims "Grandpa!" "Uncle!", exclaims that rang of admonishment and empty frustration that only children could accomplish, was something that made him smile even more so.

With a wriggle of his fingers, the fire-moths strayed away from the children and he removed the weaves that enthralled them so and soon enough they all went their separate ways.

"Where are they going?" Alexander asked with his head turned, Atticus' eight year old great-nephew's gaze following the fire-moths disappearing into the bosoms of the trees.

"Wherever they need to go" Atticus said with an amused smile on his face as he began to walk on the path towards the next section of the gardens and the children matched his leisurely pace though Luna did it a little more extravagantly.

"They'll probably rest in a nice hot candle-fire bath. Also they're probably quite parched after that impromptu dance routine." Luna said thoughtfully as she began to skip next to Atticus. "They'll need a good sip of lava before they can do something like that again."

"They don't really drink lava, do they Uncle?" Alexander asked with wide blue-emerald eyes.

"Not quite." Atticus answered with a gentle smile before continuing "The nectar they prefer is quite hot however. The Fumentia plant, when it flowers, is eighty degrees Celsius." Atticus told Alexander before he raised his hand and magic formed in the palm of his hand to create a representation of the plant when it flowers.

Alexander drew back in surprise when the outer petals of the flower, which almost spiralled into each other which was mostly to keep the heat in as much as possible for as long as possible so that the fire-moths could come and have spores attached to their flaming wings – which sustained the spores until the fire-moths died off in a small explosion providing the spores with the energy it would need until it could settle in the earth and draw in magic until the next winter at which point it would all start again – and showed Alexander how the fire-moths fed from the flower.

"Wow!" Alexander made out in awe before he turned his gaze towards Atticus, begging stretched across his face "Can we see them do it? Please, please, please!"

"Silly, they won't drink now." Luna said with a tilted head "It's not midnight yet." Luna paused before she turned her wide and evilly-entreating eyes towards Atticus.

"But I too would like to see it, grandpa." Luna said with a hint of eagerness in her voice.

"We'll see." Atticus said evasively and when he saw that it wouldn't be enough he added "If you can convince your mothers to let you stay up that late, I'll make sure you can see them. The plants will stay flowering for the next few days." Atticus said.

"Aww." Alexander groaned "Mom will say no" the eight year old complained.

"Your mum does have a bad infestation of wrackspurts." Luna agreed "Maybe the steams of the flowers will help in chasing them away."

Alexander frowned as he looked at her, his nose scrunched up a little as he worked to decipher Luna's words. "You think mom will agree if I asked her to take us?"

Atticus hid an amused smile as he listened to the conversation.

Maria was a rather strict mother, as odd as it seems, especially considering Sophia had spoiled his niece a lot as a child. Alexander and Helena, her eldest child, were raised differently to how Maria had been raised by Sophia and Louie.

"Mmhmm." Luna hummed affirmatively before she tilted her head slightly. "I should come too when you ask."

Alexander's eyes widened in understanding before he grinned a little. "Mom won't say no when you do the eyes." Alexander's voice had an excited laugh in it.

"I don't know what you mean." Luna said with a hum as she happily continued to skip. Atticus' lips twitched as Alexander giggled at her words, everyone present quite knowing that Luna knew exactly what she meant.

The party of three continued on their merry way, his charges for the day setting their young eyes eagerly on the sights of the exotic plant and animals life, particularly as six winged birds sang musically and mossy ladybirds zoomed around with rackety sounds, and Atticus at times interjected to explain one thing or another, sometimes doing so without being elicited to do so by the children.

Though soon enough, they'd tired from this section of the gardens and they made way towards one of the press-boards of the gardens.

The garden was effectively the size of a reserve park expanded a hundred fold in the space of a mid-sized apartment block, and it boasted a whole range of exotic biomes that on Earth would have only existed in very small and particular parts.

And, with the habitat domes having been removed from Illos as the majority of the animals and flora were moved to the Celestis system, this garden was the largest garden or park in any of the country-ships.

Large enough to need transportation from one part of the garden to another.

They arrived at the press-boards, which was effectively just a large map though with points embedded within the map that would take you to the selected location via press-key transportation, a short range transportation technique that worked on a similar principle to that of port-keys though it worked in tandem with a mated ward that warped space localised around you, which stretched and pulled at space like it was a sheet of elastic material.

Alexander walked up to the board "Where should we go next?"

"How about the mangrove biome? The waters will be luminescent with blue algae and the Saturnus Muscipula are pleasant to hear." Atticus suggested to the kids.

"You should hear but not listen." Luna said quite seriously "Especially if they sing to you that they want a hug." Atticus' lips twitched before he answered, more to assuage the concern that was clear to see in Alexander's face.

The boy had grown up around Luna and knew very well that Luna's words were not to be taken lightly on account that she was a talented Seer like her mother and grandmother. Like him.

"Their songs only affect particular kinds of birds." Atticus assured the boy.

"Mmhmm." Luna voiced out as she tilted her head "Magic is very strong here though grandpa." Luna said and Atticus smiled faintly as he looked to her indulgently.

"Not enough to alter their songs. Not to that degree."

Luna was thoughtful before she nodded and looked towards Alexander with a curious look and the boy turned towards the board, a little apprehensive.

"I think I'd prefer the Tundra one." Alexander said and Atticus chuckled.

"Very well, lets go." Alexander went first and pressed the press-key and disappeared in a quick shimmer and Luna went next before Atticus followed.

The tundra biome was a lot more sedate, quite eerie with the way the mists seemed to hang half a dozen metres in the air, though the kids seemed to enjoy it anyway.

They visited a few more biomes before Atticus decided to take the kids back to the Lovegood home where their mothers would be waiting for him though he pushed the kids to take a bunch of the Lumine flowers for their mothers.

"Aunt Maria will like the gesture, Alexander." Atticus said as he looked towards the boy that scrunched up his nose slightly.

"Mmhmm." Luna hummed in agreement though her wide silver-moon eyes that stared at Atticus indicated that she knew very well why he was getting the kids to take the flowers to their mothers.

She didn't need her talents to understand subtle orchestration.

"Will you not take a bunch to Emily?" Luna asked him as Atticus opened up a portal.

"Granny Emily." Atticus corrected as he gestured them to onwards through the portal. "And no, she only likes one kind of flower, none of which grow here." And she would appreciate the winter roses more when it held meaning behind it, like having the Sayre gardens decked with winter roses for their anniversary.

Luna looked at him with a tilted head, her silver-moon eyes watching him closely "I'm not going to call Emily granny, grandpa." She said matter-of-factly as she followed Alexander through the portal.

"She wouldn't mind" Atticus said with a mischievous smile as he sent Emily a feeling through their bond that he was on his way home.

Luna gave him a look that broke the spacey energy she had.

He chuckled softly "Fine" he conceded "But if you're willing to call her that once, I could find you a demiguise that is certain to bond with you." Atticus suggested as he closed the portal. Alexander had already run off into the home towards his mother.

He really wanted to see Emily's reaction to that. When Maria first called her Aunt Emily, the look of surprise and slight consternation had been a fun.

Imagine what she'd react to being called granny! He'd even avoided looking at that moment in time just so that he could experience it fresh as it happened.

Luna pinched her face slightly. "Hmm. Tough choice." She looked at him a little peeved. "Isn't that blackmail?"

"Not quite. It's a bribe." Atticus said with a mischievous smile. "Not good either but" he said as he leaned in a little conspiratorially, his eyes twinkling a little.

"It is for a good cause."

The look of deep contemplation was adorable and the twisting of her nose that marked out her internal struggles with the problem even more so.

Luna sighed heavily, more heavily than a child of ten should have any right of pulling off as they approached the living room. "As much as I would like a demiguise I don't think it's worth it" Luna looked at him with a small smile "I like you, grandpa. I don't want you hurt."

Atticus barked out a wild laugh in amusement.

"What's so funny?" Maria asked as she approached with her cut of flowers in her hands, Pandora and Xenophilius closely following suit beside her.

"Just a little joke shared between grandfather and granddaughter." Atticus said with a wink to Luna.

When Luna had been born, Pandora had asked him if he wanted to be a grandfather to her child. Pandora had said that she'd felt like asking him to be godfather to her daughter hadn't felt right, not with how much he'd been one for her growing up.

He'd been touched by the sentiment, incredibly so.

And it was a decision he never regretted. There was an innocence about Luna that was a balm to his soul and she really did feel like a granddaughter to him.

A reprieve from everything that he eagerly ensured he kept up with.

"Mmhmm." Luna voiced out a little sceptically as she eyed him with those silver-moon eyes with slight amusement before she walked out towards her mother and gifted her the flowers. Pandora looked delighted.

"Oooh. They are brilliant" she turned to her husband "I think they'll fit well with our Beltane outfits, don't you think?"

"Yes pumpkin." Xeno said with an indulgent smile before he added "Although they will clash with the bracelets."

"It's OK daddy, we can fix it." Luna said with a determined smile and Xeno beamed at his daughter.

Atticus' lips twitched at the scene and he felt a tinge of jealousy at the scene.

"Well" Maria began, clearing her throat. "We've got to get back." Maria waved her hand and the time formed in the air. "Max will be home any time now."

Atticus inclined his head "Give him my regards." He liked Max, the many times grandson of the Flamels. Maria smiled as she went up to him and hugged him before departing with Alexander in tow who'd waved him goodbye.

Atticus stayed with the Lovegoods for a little while longer before he too departed back to Sayre Manor where he came across Emily, Abraxas and Walter Bishop, both of whom had come by a few minutes before he had done.

Walter and Abraxas stood up and bowed towards him. "Gentlemen." he acknowledged them before he asked them be at ease.

"How was the day out?" Emily asked before she came to him and gave him a chaste kiss on the cheek. Atticus smiled as he leaned into her kiss.

"Grand. It was good to see them have fun." Atticus told her, and in a way to the others as well.

"I'm glad." Emily said with a smile before they parted and stood shoulder to shoulder. Atticus set his eyes on the two others.

Bishop had been elected as Chief Representative of Illos a few years back whilst Abraxas had ascended to Chief Minister after Ouroboros had won the last election, unseating the Progressives who'd won in the mid-eighties, breaking the streak of wins the Ouroboros had.

The Progressives had, over the years, slowly but surely acclimatised to the order of things and thus their victory was less of a concern than when it would have been at the beginning. And, Atticus thought to himself, it was useful in assuring the few vocal that everything was not rigged.

At least entirely.

"Gentlemen." Atticus said before he gestured them to sit down "shall we?"

For the next few hours, they talked about a series of things, things that was better served to be discussed outside of the High Council, like the matter of pushing political pressure on the Iberian Ministries to reverse the war-time wards they applied that inhibited their population from moving to any of the country-ships.

An irritation that was almost mirrored by the Indian Ministry with their strict traveling policies.

Whilst the majority of the magical world were all on the eleven country-ships, there were still sixteen Ministries and communities that were resisting heavily, even with the frankly charitable terms he was offering.

They were being stubborn for the sake of being stubborn, far surpassing any notion that they were doing it because it was their homelands. Did they think he didn't understand their attachments to their homelands?

The lands that Sayre Manor had stood upon had been the first place he'd ever felt home. A place where he felt, deeply, a connection to his ancestors.

But such attachments were not all that there was.

No, what mattered most was the present and the future of their families, of their people, and choosing to remain somewhere that their kind was not welcome, a place where they had to hide in order to protect themselves and mundanes from one another, is not a place that can stay a home.

Not in this moment of time. Not when neither civilisation was mature enough.

And soon enough, he supposed, they'd get a vivid reminder that the fear the mundanes held for magicals had not changed even if they'd largely forgotten about them for centuries.

The meeting dragged on for hours, plans and suggestions being made that would persuade the prickly South Europeans to bend at least a little and by the time they were alone, it was well past nine in the evening.

Atticus went towards the drinks cabinet and brought out a two-hundred and twelve year old bottle of red wine and poured himself and Emily a glass of it.

She smiled at him faintly as she took the glass from his hands and he sat beside her on the sofa and he let off a small sigh as he drank his wine, which was consumed with a pleased feeling travelling through him.

It was good wine he thought before he shook his head and turned towards Emily who seemed to enjoy the wine as well. He smiled at her before he spoke up "Sorry, I haven't asked. How was the test?"

Despite politics taking up almost all of their time, they made sure to reserve at least some time for their experiments, often dedicating time to one specific project at a time, though Emily was more prolific than he was.

She turned to him, slightly shifting her body, a faint smile on her face. "Hard to have asked. We've not had a chance to speak freely" she said with a bit of cheek in her tone. That was true, he mused to himself, as he thought back on his day.

Before he took the kids to the gardens, he'd been busy all morning and most of the afternoon with Hypatia, the Far-Seers and senior members of the Arithmancy Guild.

The Predictive History Model, a model that used Arithmancy and Divination to create a unified divination system that would be able to predict the course of history centuries, millennia, down the path of time, was complete and they were stress testing it at present. Thus far, it seemed to hold up though it would need input of informaton at certain stages, outside of Visions, in order to remain accurate.

Atticus' thoughts darkened slightly.

He was quite sure that his Older-Self had not factored in the possibility of aberrant factors like the Xalanyn in the model. One of the things that he had determined with the Arithmancy was that human behaviour was more or less the same, regardless if you had magic or not. The base of human behaviour was genetic, it was in their very beings and whilst magic created factors of unpredictability to this behaviour, the core constituents that was quintessentially human was the same.

The Covenant were not human. And many of the other species that resided in this galaxy were not either. And most importantly, Xalanyn were not.

And the first model he had in mind had been to predict the course of human history using human behaviour and tendencies and the addition of aberrant factors like the Xalanyn were elements that completely threw off that first model.

He was also quite certain that his Older-Self discarded the Covenant in its entirety, especially since he himself was quite sure that the species were not a threat even now. They were all lacking in magic and their intelligence was not insurmountable.

The Sangheili were physically impressive but unintellectual. The San'Shyuum were far from the intelligent artistic creatures their ancestors had been and were fanatics in their beliefs. Both species were predictable.

So predictable in fact that he was quite certain his Older-Self disregarded the headache of modifying the model to factor their behaviours into the model, especially once the threat of the Forerunner weapons was eliminated.

Something that he was disinclined to do in this timeline. After all, it was this error, this lack of consideration of the impact of their zealotry that made his Older-Self miss the possibility of the Covenant unleashing something far worse.

And so, he spent much of his free time, with Hypatia and others, tweaking the model arithmantically with the aid of Alice. They had to invent half a dozen new arithmancy principles in order to get it be able to predict alien behaviour.

But…it was working thus far.

The data provided by Fortie thanks to his adventures and his analysis of the alien civilisations, each different in their behaviours and their biology, in the neighbourhood of Celestis proved to be vital to the model.

Whether or not it would work for the Xalanyn, he wasn't sure however. Irritatingly, there was little he could do about it and likely wouldn't change for centuries to come.

But…

But it was a starting point.

Given their abilities to manipulate Living Time, he needed the Predictive model to work. With how blind he and his people would be to their movements, to their actions, they needed an ace up their sleeves.

This…

This he hoped would be their ace.

"The test was a failure." Emily said to him, drawing him back to the present, a look of disappointment in her face though…it was not severe which meant that there were at least positives in the failure, enough positives that she wasn't at the point of seeking a little advice from him.

At Atticus' curious look, Emily expanded. "The barrier has resisted all attempts to transfer or receive tangible matter" she said with hints of frustration in her voice.

Atticus hummed as he frowned for a moment as he thought it over before he eyed her slightly, looking for any hints that she wanted his assistance. One of the things she'd wanted from him is to not interfere with her projects unless they were going harm her.

Though…though he knew that she was very close in succeeding in the project.

"But…" she began again "We have an idea of using errant photons as a shield, so to speak, to shield around objects during transit." Emily said as she frowned.

"We should be able to modify hardlight technology to accomplish that." Atticus said after a few moments and Emily nodded slowly.

"That was my thought although the exotic nature of the errant photons might prove to be difficult to control." Emily said before she tilted her head slightly. "I'll need to borrow Alice for a little while for a few days a month" Emily paused for a moment.

"Shouldn't be an issue even with her activities in the mundane world, I should think"

"She can afford to do so." Atticus agreed.

"Most of the golems are autonomous, for the most part, and even when their directives are challenged, they still have a series of reactions to fall back onto."

"Good. I want to crack the problem before we leave. You know that it will become exponentially more difficult to peer and access into other universes on Celestis."

"I wouldn't say that in such terms."

Emily rolled her eyes. "Semantics. Fine. We won't be able to know head or tails of what universe we are viewing from Celestis." Emily said with a challenging look in her face. He knew what she meant…Earth, it seemed was basically ground zero in terms of everything they knew about the other universes.

There was infinite variety of universes and they were not entirely capable of selecting the same universe over and over again. As soon as the trans-dimensional glass window was turned off, any sight to that universe was immediately cut off and they would never see it again the next time it was turned on.

It would be the next thing to research once they could safely bring something over from another universe.

In any case, from Earth, they could determine, roughly, the nature of that universe.

They'd seen Earth in the first billion years of its existence, they'd seen Earth during the great oxidation period, they'd even seen Earth when had been nothing more than a collection of lumps of hundred kilometre big rocks.

…and they'd seen Earth in universe that was incredibly different to their own.

An Earth that seemed to exist in fluidic space with strange lifeforms on it. An Earth with surfaces entirely of massive diamond rocks. On and on, such strange existences had been seen and it was interesting to say the least.

But it was also concerning.

At first, they'd expected to see universes that were in their immediate local group of universes, for example slightly different universes that existed due to splitting off from this universe, and he'd even considered universes such as Canon Harry Potter, but not so much as the variety of universes that they'd come to see.

Oddly enough, such slightly different universes hadn't actually been seen.

Which made Emily think that somehow the errant photons they were connecting to were more…distant so to speak than the more local universes.

And he suspected she was close to the mark, especially since he hadn't seen a timeline where she and her team would latch onto a familiar universe. Not for a lack of trying too. It seems as if at least for now there was something they were all collectively missing and it was preventing them from making progress in that regard.

"We won't always be away from Earth." Atticus pointed out before he continued "There will be opportunities to test other experiments." He paused for a moment "Besides, I'm sure we can figure out how to view from the perspective of Earth on Celestis as well. After all, the errant photons will still be on Earth. I'm sure we can calibrate the viewing window to pick those up instead of the ones local to Celestis."
After all, the particular natures of those errant photons were unbound by the laws of physics. Photons were not even the right word – the trans-universal particles still needed to be defined – but they were closest approximation.

Their observations of Stan Lee, the man who was a convergence across universes, had led them to this discovery.

Somehow, somehow Stan Lee's consciousness was able to interpret and connect to these errant photons and experience snippets of his alternates lives. And that ability was also partly why reality to seemed to bend and twist around him, somehow making his being ever so slightly distorted with the resonance of this universe.

His blood, his DNA, all of it was hundred percent normal and it seemed as it was simply his consciousness that was the result of this feat so there were no further avenues they could beyond dissecting his Essence and that was a line too far.

Emily hummed as she drank from her glass of wine. "Perhaps" she sighed after she drank of her wine, her face falling into a thoughtful look.

A moment passed before she spoke up again. "We might be able to develop some sympathetic anchor and leave it in orbit of Earth." She shook her head "I'll have a think about it" she said before she turned her gaze towards him.

"You're still thinking of periodically visiting Earth after we leave? We have the portals to take the squibborn and we'll have the datacentres." Emily stated, her gaze calculating.

"Yes." Atticus said with an incline of his head as he met her gaze. "Even with the portals, even with the datacentres I'd like to make sure we're at least somewhat present." Atticus said to her.

"It need not be frequent…perhaps every half century or so." Atticus said before adding "And you know well that I have no interest in interfering with their development."

It would interfere with the Predictive Model they had made for the mundanes.

"Hmm." Emily voiced out a little sceptically and he knew that she was thinking that he was overthinking it too much, at least in this instance. He wanted to make sure they understood their mundanes centuries to come.
She was sceptical of the necessity of this though he knew it came from the opinion that the mundanes wouldn't be anything other than canon fodder, determining what he was looking to accomplish wouldn't amount to much, being more of the opinion that their interference when the Covenant attacked was more than enough to ensure the loyalties of the mundanes once they came to their rescue.

Atticus floated the bottle of wine from the cabinet and topped up her drink before doing the same for himself. "Let's forget about it for now." Atticus said to her with smile as he placed a hand on her thigh, an act that made her look at him with slight amusement but, thankfully, that look of amusement faded away and interest instead formed.

Days later…

He stared at the holo-display, the Earth in all of its glory rotating ever slowly before him. He raised his hands and the holo-display shifted slightly, an array of satellites forming around the Earth.

The array of satellites blinked, once, and then a web of faint orange was spun around the Earth, enveloping the world in a translucent field of energy.

He heard her faintly metallic steps beside her and with a wave of the hand, the simulation began. He let off a breathless sigh as he watched the magi-computer run through the calculations.

Usually the calculations would be given in a blink of an eye but…but the simulation had to account for the profiles of people…tens of millions of them and the expectation of tens of millions more.

He'd delayed this simulation for years, unwilling to see the effects of the Miring-Gene-Array. He could have done it at the same time as when he did the simulation to check the effectiveness of the Array but…he'd felt sour after the simulation that proved that there was a hundred percent success rate.

A feeling of bitter melancholy washed over him.

It was a better solution than sterilisation, he knew.

People would have a chance to families, their progeny and their progenies' descendants unaffected by the quirk of having had an ancestor that was magical.
He would no longer rob them of the chance of having children with this method.

He would also safeguard his people from the malicious potential he knew humanity could have for anything they feared…anything they considered to be a threat.

But…

It didn't change the fact that it was still vile.

"Creator."

He turned towards Alice, a curious look on her face. He turned his grave expression into a solemn smile. "I know." He said to her with a wistful note in his voice.

"It is better this way" he said before he turned back towards the still running simulation. "But…I can't help it. The restrictions…the restrictions are harsh."

There would be so very few who would have the opportunity to be born magical. He didn't need the simulation to cough up numbers to know that.

"Yes." Alice agreed. "It is unlikely to cause significant contribution to the Celestis population. It is, however, a successful compromise. For both neurophysical energy capable humans and not." Alice tilted her head slightly.

Atticus said nothing and it was only seconds later that the simulation came to an end and Atticus released a heavy breath as he stared at the number.

"Thirty." Atticus murmured as he stared at the number with complicated look.

"Thirty magicals born in two decades after we leave. A number the simulation projects to be maintained roughly every year for well over a century before dipping under a dozen the following century." Atticus said aloud with a heavy heart.

"Not unexpected. With the expected technological and scientific development in the later part of the next century, the restrictions imposed in the psyche of those with the post-modified genes will be difficult to overcome." Alice commented.

Yes…

It was why he feared the possibility of the number being low.

But he didn't think it'd be so low.

"It seems like I have to adjust some of my plans Post Exodus." Atticus said with a thin smile as he looked away from the simulation results.

He hadn't chosen to see the moment for a long time. Perhaps he should have. Perhaps it wouldn't have felt so…consequential.

Even if in the greater grand scheme of things, it was inconsequential.

Consequential…inconsequential…

"We can alter the Array to remove some of the restrictions?" Alice proposed helpfully and for a brief moment…he considered it.

The Miring-Gene-Array was a multi part mass transformation array.

It was…it will be his greatest work of magic.

It was a part ritual, part alchemy, and part flesh crafting, and a hundred percent unique in what he was he accomplishing. At least when it came to effect.

Merlin had accomplished a similar feat with the Goblins, after all.

The Miring-Gene-Array would target the incomplete magical genes of squibs and transform those genes into the same genes as that of the clone children whose magical genes mutated in providing them with the genetic potential of developing greater physical strength with the right environmental and genetic conditions.

Effectively, he was removing the magical potential of their bloodlines.

But not completely.

That, that was the genius of his work of magic.

He'd studied a dozen curses that were circumstantial, the most influential curses being the curses of vampirism and werewolfism, and had been able to embed certain conditions that would transform the modified magical genes into fully fledged magical ones.
After all, it was the modified genes were a derivative of magical genes and so imbuing the genetic instructions under the right conditions to 'revert', so to speak, into full magicalness was not an impossible feat.

And so…

And so the Array would, all at the same time, create a wave of magical energy fed from the leylines of Earth, alter the genome of millions of people.

Millions of people who would not be able to have a magical child unless that child had characteristics that could trigger the reversal of modification.

Characteristics that, above all else, required a belief in the special, in the extraordinary. Characteristics and circumstances of living conditions that could make them accept being able to leave behind their old lives to make a new one amongst the people of the Celestis system.

And only thirty people would be born who had that potential.

"No." Atticus said after a long few moments, the decision heavy but necessary all the same. The restrictions were wide enough that potential magicals could have until they were forty years of age to trigger the reversal.

"We'll proceed with the current restrictions" he said and Alice inclined her head.

Atticus glanced once more at the simulation before he turned around and made his way out of the laboratory.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

31st​ of May, 1992 – London, England

Jean Granger POV

She clapped with the rest of the audience with a smile on her face as she watched Hermione walk nervously towards the presenter who held the trophy in his hands.

She was glad she could had been able to see at least the last two rounds of the mathlete competition despite the emergency at their dental practice overrunning by an hour.
She stood on her tiptoes as she looked towards where Dan was seated, a small bout of irritation flowing through her. She'd asked him to save her a seat but when she came in, she couldn't find any of the seats by him unoccupied which was why she had to be content at the back of the audience hall.

Thankfully she'd managed to wave at Hermione so her daughter knew she hadn't missed her success.

"Is she your daughter?"

The question startled her and she turned towards the source and was surprised to a very handsome and tall man beside her with green eyes that were almost unnatural with how green they were. 'Where did he come from?'

She blinked and answered before she could really think "Yes."

He smiled kindly at her, the skin around his mouth stretching and revealing faint dimples in his cheeks. 'Wow' she thought to herself…this man was utterly beautiful.

"You have an incredible daughter." The man complimented her and she blinked away her rather inappropriate thoughts and she looked at her him a little more clearly and she grew a little suspicious.

"How do you know?" she asked, keeping the wariness out of her voice.

"She resembles you quite a lot" he said to her, a trace of amusement showing in his expression as he looked at her hair "Although I think her hair might be that of her father's?"

She laughed a little nervously as she touched her hair. "No…that is also all mine." She stroked her a little "I uh…I straighten it" she said a little embarrassed.

"Ah, I see." The handsome man said before he looked at her with a friendly disposition though she could notice traces of teasing in her expression "I imagine the eighties must have been fun for you."

"Yes, my friends were exceptionally jealous of my abilities to rock the 'fro and the puff-ups." She said with a laugh in her voice before her eyes widened slightly as she realised she was behaving like a love-struck teenager.


"Was your kid competing?" she asked after she cleared her voice.

The handsome man shook his head "No. I was only here to assess the school and they invited me to mathlete competition to see the kind of excellence of the school inspires in its students" the man said and Jean nodded in understanding.

Her and Dan had taken a similar tour last year.

"I see." Jean said with a nod "A son or daughter?"

"Neither." The man said with a smile before continuing "My wife and I haven't been lucky enough yet. No, I have nieces and nephews though one of them I raised as they were my own."

"Oh." Jean said after a moment as she digested that and it was several moments later she spoke up "And so far?"

"It's a good school." The man acknowledged. "Excellent teachers. Excellent subjects. And my nephews and nieces would do well here."

"I feel like there is a but there." Jean said with a knowing smile.

The man laughed and it was odd how warm it was.

"Yes…" the man said with a smile before he looked away from her look "It is a very…exclusive school. I worry about not meeting people from different walks of life. I'm not sure if I'd like them to miss out on that."

"I know what you mean." Jean confessed and at the curious look she continued "I grew up in a working class family." The man nodded slightly in understanding before his eyes widened slightly.

"Apologies…I haven't introduced myself. I'm Atticus."

"Jean." She said as she shook his hand.

"Pleasure." The handsome man, Atticus said before returning his attentions to the ceremony.

"I had my worries." She said after minutes passed and the consolation prizes were being given. "About the school I mean." She said and she glanced at the man who was looking at her curiously.

She looked away.

After a few moments she continued "Sometimes I get the feeling that this school is a consolation for her." Jean confessed to the man though she wasn't sure why she said that. The school was one of the best academies in the country. No, in the world, and Hermione had won a heavily contested scholarship based on academic merit.

She shouldn't feel so…conflicted but she was. As if there was something…

"It doesn't really make any sense, I know." She said with a nervous laugh "But I find that she was meant for…more." Though what that more was…Jean didn't know.

Heck, even Hermione, however well she tried to hide it, felt like something was missing. When she broached it with Dan, he'd dismissed it, however kindly it might have been, as something that normal to feel as a very proud parent that wished the best for her child.

But Jean thought that it was more…frustratingly what that more was, was something that escaped her completely. She turned towards him and the look on his face startled her.

"I think I know what you mean." He said with utmost empathy and she felt that it was truthful. "We want the best for them. To thrive. To excel. To be happy."

He turned his gaze towards the ceremony. "But you can't seem to help but feel that she could have been happier." Jean's eyes widened slightly before she frowned.

Was that what she was feeling?

"Yes." Jean confessed with a weary smile. "Isn't that odd? Considering…?"

"Considering that this is the best school money can buy?" Atticus said with a commiserating smile and she nodded.

He remained quiet for a few moments. "Whilst I understand…I'm not sure if I can help with that." He said with a quiet note to his voice…it was almost solemn.
She made to speak but a compassionate look in his eyes made her stop.

"But…" he continued "But I think it will fade. Your daughter seems like she's able to overcome anything she sets her mind to and having spoken to you, I have no doubt you'll help her find her happiness."

Jean flushed slightly and she couldn't help but smile at the kind words.

"Thank you."

Atticus smiled and bowed his head slightly. "It was my pleasure."

She returned her full attentions to the ceremony and the next time she looked to her side, where the man had been, she was surprised to no longer see him there.

She looked around for him but she couldn't find him. He must've left, she realised and she was little disappointed he left without saying anything.

"Mummy, who was that man you were talking to?" Hermione asked as they left the ceremony, clutching tightly to her trophy.

"Man?" Dan asked curiously.

"A prospective parent." She paused. "Uncle." She corrected before continuing "We struck a short conversation." Jean smiled at her daughter "Never mind that though, you were excellent!" Jean said proudly.

The beaming smile Hermione gave her made her forget about the conversation she had with the man named Atticus.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy, Azaira and 66 others
mosefboombox117
Dec 11, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 35 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Dec 25, 2023
Add bookmark
#429
Merry Christmas / Happy Holidays / May the Pasta sit beautifully in your bellies!

Almost at the end now, one more chapter to go. I will post the last one on the 31st. A fitting end, I'd like to think.

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Chapter 35

25th​ of June, 1993 – New York

Lisa Studpoole POV

"Oh, I needed that." Lisa with delighted sigh as she placed down her cup of coffee.

"The girls have only been back a few weeks" Aimee said with a laugh in her voice and Lisa glared at her sister who hid a smile behind her cup of honey tea.

Her daughters were out with their father for the day who'd promised to take them away for a trip to the Appleton market where a few of their school friends would be. Considering how much she'd missed her daughters, it had been startling to see how much she wanted moments of peace for herself again despite them being back only such a short period of time.

The sight made her lose the heat in her glare and she gave of an exasperated sigh before she smiled a little "And I already can't wait for them to go back to Salem. Honestly, they were so sweet in what seems only yesterday ago" she said in lament though it was without much substance.

Her daughters had been…difficult to say the least. Not in the first few days but after that? Arguments, mutterings under their breaths, constant complaints…

"You're exaggerating." Aimee said with a roll of her eyes as she placed her cup down. "They're on the cusp of being teenagers, hormones and all." Aimee looked at her pointedly, a sly smile on her face "You know how we were at that age."

"We were never that difficult!" Lisa said with an offended look though her smile gained in strength. Aimee snorted and gave her a look that practically screamed 'Pull the other one!'

"I seem to remember someone arguing with mom after mom asked, with concern, whether or not it was healthy to have so many iconography of 'Towers of Saturn'." Aimee said in a snicker and Lisa grimaced as she slumped into herself a little.

It hadn't been the finest moment in her life, admittedly.

She'd been obsessed about the band for a good few years in her early teens. So much so that her room had been decked with the wizarding band. Thankfully, neither her parents or her sister knew how far gone she'd been at that age. She shuddered as she remembered the cringey daydreams she had about them.

"I can't wait until the girls find their idols!" Aimee said with coy gleam in her eyes "Maybe…" Aimee began before continuing, slightly leaning in "Maybe one of them will get a Perm Tat of their idols like you almost did."

She almost got a permanent moving tattoo at age fifteen and had even sat in one of the disreputable tattoo shops of Fitchburg, before they up and moved away like many in the country, before she chickened out and fled from the shop finally having come to her senses.

Her grimace turned into a horror "You take that filth back!"

Her sister cackled at her dismay and Lisa was glad the table they were at had its silencing charms on. Her sister's laugh petered away though she kept up her smile despite the glare Lisa sent her way.

"For what it's worth, I don't think they'll do anything as stupid as we did at that age." Aimee sighed as she spoke "or almost did" before she continued with a sad note in her voice "It's probably a good thing too. Things…things are not as easy as they were back then which…which is saying much."

Lisa's glare lightened and she played with the handle of her cup before she nodded slightly. Even though the Rappaport laws had never made things easy, the laws that had come into effect after the Cuba debacle and the Ravenite threat, paranoia within Congress and the country in general had been immense.

Even as the Ravenite problem had been dealt with, the concern of the No-Majs has still been there and since then, the stringent rules on the use of magic in No-Maj land had been severe. Well more severe. Aurors were ever pleased to enforce it, especially considering that it would only take one Trieste incident to expose them all.

Or so they liked to say.

Civil liberties died in the face of security or something like that.

One of the effects of such…severity, was that the schools more or less adopted the attitude of the government and it wasn't hard to see it in her own children who were less carefree like she and Aimee had been at their age in the sixties.

Though…Lisa mused to herself, her daughters seemed to make up for it by being extremely wilful and demanding in the confines of their home.

She could understand, she thought soberly. It wasn't easy living in their neighbourhood given that magic was more or less forbidden in such No-Maj dense environment and more than a few times, even in this week, her children had moaned and complained about the lack of magic in their homes now that her twin daughters had experienced Salem and what daily use of magic was like.

But New York had been her and her family's home for generations, the same for her husband, and leaving it behind like many others have done for the country-ship New Jackson or the enclaves on the continent wasn't something they were willing to do.

Not yet at least.

"Let's talk about something else" Lisa said with a shake of a head before she clasped onto the cup a little tighter, her eyes shining as she looked at her sister.

"So who is this Andrew?"

Hours later, well into the evening as she caught up with her sister and then later with their long time friends, she made her way back home, having apparated to the nearest apparation point by her home.

She startled at the sound of the beeping cab and quickly stepped back before she growled under her breath, her eyes intently burning a hole in the retreating cab.

'No-Maj's' she cursed to herself before she looked both ways and hurriedly crossed the street. The apparation point was still a ten minute walk from her home and so she always had to walk home. She wished she could get a home apparation permit but their home in Manhattan made that nothing more than a pipedream.

She could get the floo but it was expensive to use and she didn't want to add the cost of purchasing floo powder to their expenses, not when both her and her husband were being careful with their savings. They both worked at MACUSA and the pay was not bad but you never know these days.

To live here, one had to live practically like a No Maj. At times, she had thought, it was as if they were being punished for wanting to remain at their ancestral homes, homes that were built before the United States was even a twinkle of an idea.

As much as she didn't like thinking about leaving her ancestral home, she might have to and with how expensive houses in New Jackson were getting, they'd need to make sure they had disposable money just in case.

The lights were on, she thought. Her husband and the girls must be back, she considered. She walked up the stairs to her townhouse and eyed her surroundings for a moment though she need not have since the lights of all of her No Maj neighbours were off and she stepped closer to the door and brought out her key. Wards beyond non-invasive and subtle thief-repelling wards were not allowed in neighbourhoods like this where No-Majs were their neighbours.

Once upon a time, this would have been a fairly prominent magical neighbourhood but after the near-disaster of 1926, families began to leave for pastures new, often settling in wizarding settlements in Massachusetts. And since the country-ship New Jackson was opened for migration, there were only three other families remaining in a radius of four city blocks.

"Curtis?! Lila, Lucy?!" Lisa called out as she dusted off her shoes before she took them off and walked further into her home. "Hello??" she called out, her voice travelling across the hallway as she rolled her shoulders slightly, feeling a little tired and idly wondering why she wasn't hearing anything.

She knew they had to be home as they all left when it was still light out so the lights being on could only have been by her husband.

"Cur-" her words died on her lips as she came to a stop, her body rocked into stillness as she stood by the entrance of the living room, her mind unable to understand, to compute, what her eyes were indicating to her, what her eyes were seeing.

Her husband…her Curtis, was atop their sofa with a hole in his head, dried thick blood dripping down his face, his eyes unseeing, his mouth agape and she screamed in horror, in grief, in fear "Curtis?!" she screamed out as she ran towards him.

"Oh Merlin, oh Merlin, oh Merlin…what has been done to you?!" she cried out as she clutched onto his face as she fell upon him, weeping, her heart shattering as she felt the cold skin to her touch and she cried, oh she cried, until…until she remembered. "Lila?! LUCY?!!" she screamed out, her heart racing in her chest, her fear rising to levels she never knew she could feel and it was then, when she was about to look in every crevice of her home that she saw the writings on the wall on the far side of the living room.

Marked with blood, in gruesome callous writing

'IF YOU WANT TO SEE YOUR DAUGHTERS ALIVE AGAIN, DO NOT CONTACT ANYONE. WE WILL KNOW. PICK UP THE PHONE ON THE KITCHEN TABLE AND DIAL THE LAST NUMBER.'

Ice travelled down her spine and she ran faster than she thought possible and there it was, an ugly black brick like No Maj telephone, and it was then that was she realising the severity of everything.

She picked it up with trembling hands, frustration creeping within her as she tried to figure out how to telecall. It was so different to magi-coms which you could use almost like a wand, instinctive and intuitive not like this…thing.

Somehow, minutes later, she managed to hear a beeping sound and she pressed it to her ear. "Mrs Studpoole."

"Who are you?! Where are my daughters?!!! Give them back to me now!" she half screamed down the phone.

"Mom! Mom!"

"Lucy?! Lila?! My babies!" Lisa half cried in happiness at their voices and cried in despair at the panic in their voices. She heard commotion and a cry from her daughters "What are you doing to them?!"

"They are still alive, Mrs Studpoole. Whether or not they will meet the fate of your husband will be up to you." Her cry got stuck in her throat, and instead a suffocating noise exited her lips as she felt a trickle escape her bladder, the thought of her babies dying so horribly as her Curtis feeling like an icicle through her brain.

"Please…please don't. They've done nothing wrong…please…I'll do anything you want" Lisa whimpered, her voice shaky, the telephone shaking, trembling as her body shook like she was out in the middle of the coldest winter night.

"Go to 137 Mott Street. There will be a red car underneath a city light waiting for you. You will get into it without a struggle. Do not bother trying to use magic on them. They know nothing of who we are and where your daughters are."

The moment Lisa saw that No Maj telephone, she knew that this was something terrible, so, so terrible but now…she knew that it was very possibly worse.

Yet all she could really think of was the sounds of her panicked daughters, the imagination of seeing them dead with a bullet hole in their heads like her husband.

"O-o-okay." Lisa said with a dry voice, her voice trembling still "Will you release them if I come?"

"You have five minutes to get there." The voice cut out with a sudden beeping tone and it took a moment for her shatter out of her freezing stillness and she realised that they knew about apparation for there was no other way she could get there without apparating.

And it was in that moment, in that moment of reflection that she realised the Statute of Secrecy was gone, shattered as her heart was on the brink of shattering, knowing that things…things were not good at all.

Yet…she could not come to accept it, she could not come to accept that going to the Aurors was an option. No, she thought, as her bottom lip trembled, she knew that her daughters would be certain to die if she did not do as they asked.

A suffocating whimper crept out of her mouth as she palmed her wand, her heels coming together and with a shuddering breath she recollected the alley by 137 Mott Street and with a wave of her wand and a twist of her heels, all she left behind was the sound of a loud crack, a crack that was akin to the crack at the foundations of weakened bridge, a crack that knowingly and unknowingly would herald the end of centuries of reality.

Hours later…

Her heart pounded within her chest, her throat dry, her palms wet, her eyes downcast, away from the glare of cameras, from the loathing in the expressions of the No-Maj's, the sound of the chattering around her akin to the sounds of braying crowds that sought her blood spilled, her flesh sundered and she thought it was truer than not.

She heard the wheels of some contraption creak towards her and she kept her eyes down, half hoping that all of this was still a nightmare she would wake from instead of the living nightmare her life has become.

"Mrs Studpoole." She flinched at the voice of the man who she became to associate all of this to, and she looked up towards the screen and saw the same dead eyes on the No Maj videoscreen she'd seen when she'd been taken to the warehouse, a warehouse that had been empty save for one videoscreen and men on either side of it.

Her daughters were with the man. She believed them likely to be still with the man.

At his mercy…mercy that she didn't think truly existed but she had no choice but to hope for it, hope that the man had some sort of decency not to murder children.

From the way he'd spoken, the way he'd forced her to agree to this in oath…She kept her eyes closed for a moment.

'You can fight us. You can even get your MACUSA involved. It will not change the fact that your daughters will be dead and their bodies long cold before your magic can find them.'

Those words rang in her mind, endlessly since it had been spoken, mixing with the terrified looks on her gagged daughters, tears running down their faces.

She was doomed. And…she swallowed a choked cry. Her daughters were likely going to die as well but she had no choice. No choice!

No choice but to comply, to swear, to hope…

Oh Merlin…

Her stomach felt like it was being pounded and sliced apart all at the same time, the awful knowledge that she was going to destroy the magical worl-…

"Mrs Studpoole." The voice was more demanding and she opened her eyes and looked at the man in the videoscreen again.

"I-I will be…I am ready." Lisa said with a stoic voice but she knew that there was a shake in her voice, in her face, in her eyes, a shake that was pained.

She'd considered, just for a moment, if she could sacrifice her children but any such thought had been washed away when she realised with haunting clarity that regardless if she did that, the No Maj's would know of their kind, one way or another.

She still had a chance to save her daughters…she had to believe…hope…
"I have no doubt of that, Mrs Studpoole. Your daughters will be released upon the end of the interview."

She crushed the doubt and forced herself to feel hopeful but it was a losing game. They killed her Curtis like an animal. She did not know how they managed to do it, to catch so off-guard but knowing how much…planning had gone into all of this…

"Just do as you agreed and everything will be fine."

"I believe you sir" Lisa said with a shaky nod and a fake smile, bile rising up her throat. For our daughters, Curtis…

Minutes later she was watching at the side as the No Maj's prepared themselves, the host of the show, a stern clean faced man with slicked back brown hair going through some strange No Maj voice ritual, and she held her breath, her hands tightening at the fabric of her dress with a death grip, and soon enough it all began.

She turned her eyes towards the men behind the cameras, most focused on their devices but there was one who looked at her with pity, with concern and unmistakable fear before it fell away and the man turned away from her.

She'd realised as soon as she was escorted into the news building that only some truly knew what she was and many of them were in this very room.

"Welcome, Ladies and Gentlemen, to the O'Hare Show live on CMMBC, America's finest news channel." The presenter said and she turned her attentions to the man.

"Today's show will be different to what you are used to but be assured that everything that you will hear and will see, is hundred percent real and not a fabrication.

It will be horrifying to you, it will break your perception of the very nature of our world. I do not make this statement lightly. It was the very same for me when I was told of the most terrifying conspiracy, ladies and gentlemen"

Lisa swallowed dryly, her hands shaking. Oh Merlin…

"Mrs Studpoole" her name was called out and the walk towards the presenter felt like a death march as she walked with her wand in her hand.

She came into the camera view as she walked and with a shuddering breath, she raised her wand and with silent incantation, she transfigured the news table into a male lion, though not any ordinary male lion, but rather a male lion in the colours of the American flag and twice the size of a normal lion.

"I am Lisa Studpoole." She began, her voice surprisingly even though the terror she felt as her next words were on the top of her tongue was incomprehensible, even to her yet she managed to utter them.

"And I am a Witch, one of many that lives amongst you."

The presenter had stood away from his chair, his eyes on the lion before he spoke up next "And that is only the very tip of the conspiracy iceberg, ladies and gentlemen."


----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

25th​ of June, Washington D.C.

Jackson Seale POV

"Mr President." Jackson said respectfully, his gaze assessing all around him.

There were many more Secret Service than he would normally expected, groups of three clustered together to ensure every angle was covered.

He turned his gaze towards those seated at the table. President Bush was present with the Joint Chiefs, the Vice President and several other staff, including Press Secretary Albright, who they had once identified as a possible Scourer member before it had been narrowly shot down.

He set his gaze back towards the President who looked somewhat under the weather.

To be expected.

It was only three hours since the O'Hare interview had gone live and since then, there was not a corner of America where it wasn't talked about.

At present, people still thought of it a hoax but more and more people were beginning to think it wasn't fake. Studpoole had been interrogated live on television, what she was, what the magical world was, how long they'd live amongst them, and more importantly discuss the depths witches and wizards went about to protect their world.

That had sparked the greatest outrage…stolen children and stolen memories. It hadn't been long after that that the Aurors apparated directly into the studio, in a way that caught their arrival, and caused the abrupt end of the show.

Perhaps the magicals could have salvaged the situation, by magicking CMMBC into making a statement that suggested that it was a promo or an advertising gag but the Scourers would not let that happen.

The morning The Era paper also included reveal of the magical world, factual statements that included damning evidence of locations of several known magical enclaves and it hadn't been long before people tried to find them only to find themselves unable to cross boundaries.

And, much to their luck, one of the smaller news crews had caught an interaction with a wizard at one of these enclaves, a negative interaction that caught the wizard casting a spell at them, and it was turning around people's opinions.

"Imagine my surprise when I when I wake this morning and am greeted to this…insanity by my staff." the President began, his face tightening in anger. "So called magic." The President spat out as if the word was offensive, as if it was a vile acid that had sat on the centre of his tongue "exposed to the entire world."

The President drew himself up as his gaze turned icy

"I was bemused at first. I thought O'Hare and CMMBC were running a gag of some kind. Until I was informed that it was no gag and that the country's most watched news channel really did believe that magic existed."

"And just as I was formulating a response on how to deal with this joke of a…situation, six men dressed in antiquated suits suddenly appear in my office." The President's rage could be heard in his voice.

"Six men who disarmed my guards and locked me and my staff in with them." The men in the room looked uncomfortable though most looked angry as well. He also didn't fail to see that some of them were watching their surroundings warily, as if the witches and wizards could appear at any moment.

Jackson wondered what they would have said to the President but he knew it was not the right time to ask, not right now, not with the way the President was looking at him.

"You have my apologies, Mr President. It was not the intent of my organisation to put you in danger." Jackson said with a bowed head.

"Fuck your apologies!" The outburst surprised Jackson, more than the appearance of the witches and wizards and he turned to look at the President who had stood up.

He was red in face, apocalyptic in rage, and it was palpable in his voice.

"You and your people" The President spat out "Have made a mockery of this Office and of the American people. You have exposed this…this…thing in a way that has created the most harm in the most harmful way possible!"

The room was deathly silent and the only sound was the heavy breathing of the president who was gnawing at his tie. "Now…" the President began, as he calmed down though he did not lose his icy angry glare.

"I've been… told you're the man I need to speak to…about this madness." The President in an icy tone, his face set in a way that brooked no noncompliance.

The White House had been in contact with CMMBC and with The Era, including their owners and they'd been directed to him for them to understand what is happening in greater depth.

The choice to keep the White House in the dark whilst all of this was happening was a calculated one, and why they choose to not approach Albright, partly to keep the President off-balanced enough to force him down a path they set out for him.

Already, the Senators within the Scourer organisation were doing their parts, meeting with other senators, politicians and religious groups to tell the story how they wanted it to be known, before friendlier PR could be created.

The President would have no choice but to accede to their demands.

"I am a senior representative of the Scourer organisation, an organisation that is well over two centuries old and one that is dedicated to the truth and the protection of our people against the supernatural." Jackson said.
"You knew about these…people?" One of the Joint Chiefs asked sharply.

"They are not people." Jackson said vehemently, a tone that some in the room did not appreciate. "My apologies, Sirs, but we must make that clear. They. Are. Not. Like. Us." Jackson said firmly

"They are unholy creatures the Bible warns us about. They are the monsters in our legends and in our tales that we tell and frighten our children about." Jackson took a deep breath before he added. "Simply put, they are not human."

"Mr President" one of the staff members said with alarm in his voice "We can-"

"Quiet Beckett." The Vice President said harshly with an equally harsh glare.

"You were not there in the room when they came like a silent plague into the room. You were not there when we were made helpless in their presence and their magic. I am inclined to believe that they aren't like us at all."

Jackson smiled inwardly. The Vice President was known to be a religious man and wasn't just religious for the cameras. The existence of magic and witches would be a confirmation of his faith…of the faith of millions…if not billions.

"However Beckett does raise a good point." The Vice President said as he turned his gaze towards Jackson "You knew of these people."

"We did. At first, the descendants of our organisation thought the writings of our predecessors to be writings of legend or a joke that was misunderstood until some curious ones looked into it and began to find…incidents."

"Incidents like what The Era paper has been alluding to?" One of the Joint Chiefs said in a scathing tone, clearly making clear his opinion of going about things the way they did.

"Indeed, Sir, and many more. We found proof in the past few decades and only recently did we discover how terribly huge this conspiracy ran." Jackson said before he eyed the rest of the room "And in how much danger we were all in." he said before eyeing the President.

"Mr President. It would not be an exaggeration to say that the only reason you remember those six creatures in your office is only because the secret is out. They would have otherwise messed with your minds as they have done with countless of people throughout the ages." Jackson said fervently and he could see that Bush was angry still, likely not only at him but at the entire situation.

"We apologise for going about ways the way we did but we did not believe the truth would be released without exceptional actions." Jackson bowed his head before adding "We will do all we can to cooperate for the safety of our people. That has been the goal of the Scourers ever since it was founded."

"Then tell us what you know."

Jackson smiled inwardly.

…

Hours Later…

Alice POV

She withdrew her connection out of the LAI Jackson Seale golem and brought herself back into her artificial body which stood at one of the labs she'd fashioned into a monitoring observatory for all of the planetside golems.

She connected to her Creator's magi-com and appeared to him as a holo on his magi-com. "Alice." Her Creator's voice was warm as he said her name.

"The scenario went perfectly, Creator."

"Good. Keep abreast of the situation. There will still be nudges you will need to induce to ensure the ideal outcome." Her Creator said.

Moments later, she received time stamps, dates and actions, actions that included which LAIs might need to be adjusted in both statement and in deed.

"Of course Creator."

The call disconnected and she soon began to focus her attentions on the thousands of LAI golems that were placed all around the world and reviewed the past day of thousands of memories.

With how close they were to Exodus, the path of almost bloodless departure was something that was critically important to maintain.

With so many moving parts, in terms of people, events and circumstances, managing to create a path that required no course corrections even in as short a period of time as a few months, was still impossible.

Her Creator liked to say that it was threading a needle in the midst of an earthquake.

The analogy was useful though the mathematical probability of finding such a timeline that needed only no adjustment would have been enough to explain how improbable it was.

Idly, she wondered for a brief moment as she consumed the memories, she was curious to determine how the Predictive History Model could deal with such precise Futures.

The moment passed, the memories reviewed, and soon enough she moved onto another task.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

27th​ of June, 1993 – Illos, Office of Far-Sight

Hypatia POV

The room was silent, not as silent as a grave, rather, instead, silent in the way a bird caught in a reverie atop a tree branch on the dawn of autumn may be silent, smelling, feeling, knowing the moment was then and now, that moment before the next moment, the one that calls on their being, the beckoning moment to depart south.

The magic of the room was dense, though not suffocating, never that, no, it was stilling, in the way that heavy, life shattering realisation could be.

Her eyes traced across the cavernous room, a small room that boasted sixteen of her Far-Seers, and Atticus and her Pandora, all of them, her included, sharing in the moment, the moment that Sang in Living Time, an echo of a song that transcended the past, the present and the future and they all had felt it shiver down their spines.

"The wake of the disturbance in Living Time is irrevocable." Atticus said, no, decreed, his voice appearing to be distant and near all at the same time, ever present like Magic, like Time, a voice that carried triumph and solemnity in equal measure, triumphant because their actions fractured another link in the shackles that bound this universe into perpetual horror, endless horror, solemn because now that disturbed lake of Time was going to cook, boil, revealing what lay below.

She remembered.

The disbelief.

The denial.

And the unforgettable soul wrenching horror that seared into her mind when she connected to the Domain, the Realm of Magic, the Realm of Consciousness, the Realm of Death.

What should have been joyous, exultant – answers, answers, answers! – was soon turned into horror, peel by peel. Crust. Mantle. Until she reached beyond the uppermost layers, the crust, of Knowledge, of Experience, of History, and instead reached out to what was always there, always from the moment the first civilisations came to know they were never the first, and that they had never been free to exist.

Their existence, their triumphs, their story, was nought but a delicacy, allowed to ripened until it tasted sour, until it tasted bitter, and it was all the more sweet to the Shapeless Ones, those-who-ate-and-ate.

Pieces, shards, the lucky few that survived the decadent feast, howled, whispered, raged, cried, all of them broken, their peace shallow, knowing that even in Death they were not free. That even in Death, they would, though fractionally, suffer, as endlessly as those who were caught in the hunger of their devourers.

She believed him. Atticus. She believed her. Yminenso Yprikushma, daughter of Yprin Yprikushma, the last human of the first human civilisation, Morrigan.

They told her of the suicide that the Devourer in sheep's skin had driven its human interrogators to, once the Truth of the nature of this universe was discerned, was understood. She could do nothing but believe in the wake of experiencing those haunted shards.

It had almost the same effect on them all, her Far-Seers. Her daughter. Her. Only the hope, only the vibrations, the quake that was breaking the still surface of the lake of Living Time that plucked discordant notes into the repeating hymn that played deep below proved to show that they were not helpless, not completely.

And now…

In the cataclysmic wake that was cast upon the surface of Living Time, a surface had been quaking and quaking and quaking ever more as Time marched forward, that hope was blossoming into a bloom of summer.

She touched upon the Domain, letting the remnants of images, of feelings and knowledge, pass through her, letting the shards that knew no peace, touch upon her, and letting them know they could begin to turn from the singularity of despair.

But she knew.

She knew they would not, not even for an angular second turn away from that singularity. Not yet. Not until it was certain, that her people could withstand the sea of monstrous uniformity that existed far beyond this galaxy in countless others.

This might be the beginning of the culmination of their conspiracy, their timeless conspiracy that spanned eons in the hope of shattering the cycle before it could begin anew again in the next universe.

A conspiracy to destroy their immortal tormentors once and for all.

However, for them, the shards, there was still far too much Time to go before they could let the warmth of hope touch upon their Essence and let the touch of desperate hope, of angry hope fade away, a warmth that they'd long forgotten as they watched on as civilisation after civilisation met the same inevitable ends as their own civilisations had over the eons.

And, she mused with painful soberness as she watched Atticus slightly raise his arms as he opened his eyes, his eyes that revealed two white bottomless oceans of power, of unyielding depth, she understood.

Representation of the Strings, of the Sea, of Time swept around them, a surface that once had been quiet, still, unchanging, was now windswept, ever so slightly, but it was there, the kind of impact they had felt in Living Time, and amidst it, a holo screen appeared and it showed the events of the reveal to Magic to the world.

Showing the effects of that reveal, effects that cascaded throughout society, mundane and magical alike, the effects that stressed social cohesion, social order, and effects that shattered any hope of returning to the status quo.

And its consequence left a tremble in the surface of Living Time, a tremble that promised a future that stood a chance of change, of existence.

The holoscreen showed the reels of damning news bites, of damning words that exited the mouths of MACUSA officials that were near helplessly unprepared to deal with a Mundane World that knew of the magical one, that knew of the depths their people went to protect their world.

The holoscreen changed, showing scenes of riots in Rome, in Kathmandu, in New York, cities shown aflame with discord and fear and anger and religious fervour.

She felt a bite of guilt at it all, with what they had fostered in the Mundane World, what they triggered and made to drown out the voices of the reasonable.

And even the reasonable were fading away with every bit of twisted truth being revealed. The reveal of child abductions. The reveal of magical involvement in the second world war, of the magical involvements in centuries' old wars that had mattered to no one living yet now mattered as if it was affront to them specifically.

"Some of you have been unhappy with the path we have chosen." Atticus began quietly, his voice ringing all around them.

Most Seers were…different than most magicals.

Especially in terms of personality. It was almost as if it was encouraged by Lady Magic herself, for Seers to be prone to whimsy, to strange and wonderful, and it made Seers unique, more than they already were.

But with all of that, there was a kind of innocence about Seers.

An innocence, a goodness that Hypatia thought perhaps was encouraged by Lady Magic in a way to ensure that there was a balance of some sort, a balance that did not cast down the world into a dark path that it would find difficult to leave.

And with that kind of personality, it was easy for Seers to fall into a kind of role.

Seers were impartial. They were guidance. They were oracles for anyone and everyone, something that had caused those with Seer blood great amount of grief as some sought to control them and other sought to end them.

And with the actions that were taken for Exodus, some of the Far-Seers were left unsure, unhappy about the impact they were having with the departure of that traditional role.

It was part of why Atticus had revealed to them all what they were up against, what all life was up against. She turned to look at the ones that had been hesitant before.

The revelation had shaken them all, some more than others, but they, she supposed just like her, had found solace in that Atticus had a plan to fight against them.

She was not surprised to see that they understood and were forced into a substantial reprioritisation, re-evaluation, of their beliefs and instincts when the enemy your fighting was the kind that could twist Fate itself into what they wanted it to be.

"Unhappy with the consequences of our actions to our worlds. Yet, you have seen…you have felt the impact of those actions in the fabric of Living Time itself."

Atticus turned his glowing gaze around to the Far-Seers.

"I do not claim what we have done is good. Or right. I am not so cruel to force you to misunderstand what we have been doing. What we have done. What we will do. Nevertheless, our actions have been necessary…not only for our people but for theirs." Atticus said with a wave of the hand towards the holo screen. He continued.

"We…we were never planned in their story. We are an outlier. Something to remove and one way or another, it would have happened to ensure their story remained intact until it was time for them to be consumed whole. We are changing that story not only by existing but also, one day, to come back together when our peoples need to stand together against those who lurk in the shadows."

Atticus lost the glow in his eyes as the holo screen displayed one of the American politicians speaking with ominous undertones.

"This is only the beginning." Atticus said quietly after a few moments as he gazed upon the politician before he turned his gaze around to meet the gazes of the Far-Seers "The wake is irrevocable but it is not certain that it cannot fade away back into obscurity. They…will know." Atticus said with a grim line for a smile.

"We may have ten thousand years. We may have only one thousand years. Maybe even less. But in the end they will know what it means and they will respond. But…" Atticus smiled at the Far-Seers, and it was genuine, warm.

"I believe in you. I believe in your successors. In our people. We will meet the challenge with magic and will and fortitude and all of the actions we have taken, will take, will be worth it when our descendants live to see in a universe free of their taint." Atticus said in almost declaration.

Despite everything, or perhaps because of everything, Atticus had their loyalty, even if their secrecy was maintained under oaths, and it was because of moments like this, moments of his words spoken directly to them, words that were genuine and sentiment true, that such loyalty was reinforced with Adamantite.

And she could see, feel, the impact of his words to Far-Seers.

It wasn't long afterwards that everyone had departed, leaving her and Atticus alone, both of them watching the screen as they watched mundane reporters discuss the protests that were planned in the United States…everywhere.

"It is what we have made happen but it is still such a sad ending." Hypatia murmured with a saddened lilt to her voice as she watched on at the scenes of fear and hate and confusion. These scenes will be remembered by the magical world for generations, even if the mundane will not.

Atticus, and whomever replaced her in that distant future, might want reconciliation with the mundanes generations from now, but the vehement rejection will be difficult to overcome by the more progressive people of the magical world especially as she didn't think the magical world would ever come to know how much of it was instigated.

Still, she wondered quietly and pointlessly to herself, would it have been any different? If they hadn't instigated it all? She wasn't sure if the answer she came up with was assuaging her guilt or if it was delusion.

Atticus let out a hum of agreement from the back of his throat before he spoke up.

"For now" he said and she turned towards him and saw him smile at the screen with a strange look on his face, a look that bore what she thought was traces of acceptance.

"All chapters have to come to an end. This one is merely one such ending."

She knew that he expected them to meet again centuries from now, possibly millennia. It was an expectation that bordered on zealous belief.

"Would they even recognise us as kin?" she wondered aloud and as he looked upon her, she added "Once everything is wiped away?"

"The stories won't really perish. The evidence, the memories will. But not the stories. It hadn't after the Statute, it won't now, even with our absence. It will merely be the beginning of the third story, the story of reconciliation and alliance, one that follows the story of cradle and the story of disunity."

"A trilogy of stories raging against the night?" Hypatia posed with a weary smile and she was met with a kind one from Atticus.

"I would think that would be an apt name for the trilogy." He looked at her, his kind smile falling away as he spoke with an eerie note in his voice. "A trilogy against the night. A night that hides only to reveal what's been hidden since the dawn of the morning."

"Such terror." She said quietly as she remembered the Dreamwalk Atticus had gone through at Celestis. A Dreamwalk where he met a defeated echo of himself.

He looked at her apologetically before he smiled slightly. "And such wonder."

He looked away from her "Great, great wonder. Perhaps that is the cross we must bear, Hypatia. To deeply know how wonder cannot exist, or be understood, without the presence of terror."

Hypatia laughed though it was not with much humour "I suppose then that is a pretty large cross we're bearing." She said with a sigh.

Atticus looked at her with a faint smile and he hummed in soft agreement before he waved his hand and a portal opened, a portal that lead towards his office in the Charum Tower. "Do you know the Tower of Babel story?"

"I had not been." Hypatia said to him with a glancing look as she walked through the portal. She'd Seen the conversation and what it entailed.

He smiled at her and nodded knowingly.

The Tower of Babel was the story the mundanes had put in their religious text. A story that presented a people who built a tower so high that it may reach unto the heavens and create a monument to the brilliance of Man. Yet it is also a story of Man supposedly overreaching, to seek what is not theirs, cannot be theirs.

The mundanes had fashioned a story that in some ways was truer than they could ever imagine. In their travels, Atticus and Emily had found chronicles that rang similarly to the Tower of Babel and it fitted the time period and location.

There was an incident in Babylon, the first Babylon, caused by a King of Babylon who possessed magic, a descendant of a sect of Egyptian Mage Priests, whereby the King attempted to channel the influences of the Sun and the Moon into providing him the knowledge of the universe and to make him into a living god.

It…it had not ended well. At all.

It burned down most of Babylon and it took generations to recover its glory by which time it was well surpassed by the Sumerians.

"At times I feel as if we're like that King." Atticus admitted to her as the portal closed from behind him. He looked at the city below. "Overreaching in hubris. For all intents and purposes, they are the Sun and the Moon and we nothing but specks of dust made from their castoffs."

"I wouldn't say it like that at all." Hypatia said as she also looked at the city until her eyes settled on the Federal Assembly building. "We are reaching to survive. I think that is quite different."

Atticus glanced at her and smiled faintly before he inclined his head and turned his gaze towards the Federal Assembly as well and it was like both of them understood that their survival depended on making sure their people stayed together, worked together and for that to happen, it needed them to do things that would be abhorrent to all.

They stood by each other in long amiable silence and it was minutes later that Atticus broke his silence. "I'll come by tomorrow to see Luna." Atticus said.

"She will be happy for it." Hypatia said with a smile before her expression became amused and slightly judgemental "She still feels you're unhappy that she chose Hogwarts." Luna adored Atticus and whilst she might not show it, she didn't like to disappoint her adopted grandfather.

"I'm not unhappy." Atticus said carefully and she raised her eyebrow at him. Atticus smiled a little exasperated. "She could have been starting her second year at the Pandrosion Institute this fall. She would have been far more engaged in her classes than at Hogwarts."

"True but we both know that she values her friendships more." Hypatia pointed out. Luna would several lifetime friendships at Hogwarts and Hypatia did not want Luna to lose out on them.

Of course, she would have done the same at the Pandrosion but she would have the chance to meet those people at different stages in her life with little difference. Before Atticus could speak she added "Plus, we both know that Luna isn't worse off at Hogwarts, academically or otherwise."

"I will soothe her concerns." Atticus finally said after a few moments with a weary but amused expression on his face. Hypatia smiled beautifully at him and it wasn't long before she left to go home to her family.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

3rd​ of July, 1993 – Fitchburg, Massachusetts

Jack Sinclair POV

Jack stood up, ignoring the sounds and calls of his name and the meeting fell away as he stood at the window of the Massachusetts Senatorial House.

He could see the helicopters circling around and his imagination ran wild with memories of earlier today, imagining the reverberating sounds of the blades cutting through the air like the sound of a guillotine whistling as it fell down to cut off their heads.

The No Maj's were aware of their major settlements.

Fitchburg. Salem. New York. Lafayette. New Orleans.

And every one of these settlements had a military presence, like stalking wolves, waiting and watching until the injured elk tired itself out, collapsed under blood loss.

Lisa Studpoole's actions had unequivocally shattered the Statute of Secrecy. By the time the Aurors intervened, the damage was done. Yet…it wasn't just the broadcast.

It was the papers, it was the experts, the supposed truth seekers, that solidified the destruction of the Statute. How depressing that it all went to shit here, one of the few magical nations that took the Statute more serious than the majority did.

As he stared at the circling helicopter, he thought back on his days as an Auror after the war. They'd considered scenarios like this. Breaches in the Statute of Secrecy through the media.

With the emergence of Hollywood and special effects and more importantly popularisation of supernatural horror movies, they'd developed a rather good way to chalk up 'supernatural incidents' as hysterical episodes or delusions.

There was a whole wing in the Obliviation Department tasked to utilise this strategy. For decades it had worked. Until now. Until the concerted efforts by legitimate individuals and organisations came out and insisted in the veracity of the existence in the magical world.

He grimaced.

He'd be the first to admit they'd handled it wrong. First with the No Maj President, then the…unfortunate interactions with the media and the obliviations of news crew.

Let's just say that it made terrible relations ever worse and he knew that the baying of the public and the rioting was making things worse. The No Maj government were disturbingly quiet on this front and given the terrible first impressions they'd made last time, he had a terrible feeling about it.

Yet, that terrible feeling was completely overshadowed by those who had captured the Studpoole family in their web of ironic conspiracy.

They found nothing. Even the finding of the girls in an abandoned warehouse in Austin, through blood magic, lead nowhere but more questions…questions that they were getting answers to merely by looking it with a dispassionate deduction.

And none of them boded well at all.

How many families were or are they monitoring? They knew of their settlements so it must have been years, if not longer.

Have they killed other magicals, other than Curtis Studpoole? They very likely had given that, once again, they knew their settlements, they knew their capabilities – demanding Studpoole to go a street that was inhumanely possible to arrive by through anything other than magical travel – and they knew enough of their methods of keeping the Statute of Secrecy intact to know how to attack it with minimal risk.

On and on their questions went and many of them were answered at least in part.

Basically…they were fucked.

He grimaced as he took his eyes away from the helicopter. The only saving grace was that New Jackson and the other country-ships seemed to be unknown to the No Maj's but that might not be true either given how much they already knew.

It would be far too hard for the No Maj's not to know about the country-ship if they knew about the wizarding settlements in America and he considered that the No Maj's were keeping it secret to keep the situation from bursting out of control.

Bursting more out of control.

Cynically, he probably thought the rioting and outrage was carefully planned given that things had devolved so far, so quickly, even the supposed moderate parts of America were all but demanding a full accounting of the wizarding population in America, echoing the calls the French, the Indians and other No Maj's were making.

"What do you mean we need to respond? This is nothing but a scare tactic. We'll reach an accord with the No Maj's soon and all of this will go away!"

"What accord?! According to our officials back in New York, their President won't even see us anymore!"

"The situation is salvageable Henry. If the delegation hadn't Merlin damned disarmed them so blatantly in the first meeting, maybe they would have been more amenable! As it is, we've only confirmed their worst fears about us!"

"Please! As if they hadn't already decided that we were their enemy rather than their fellow Americans. You have seen their news right? They're this close to calling us demons and that is their supposedly reasonable news channels."

Jack sighed as he turned around and looked towards his squabbling underlings. Each State had its own Senatorial House from which the State was organised and where problems, like business spats or communal issues, were resolved.

It was a hangover from the original settlers, the ones that came with old communal traditions like folkmoot and so on. The Senatorial House was much like this where he took a chieftain esque role within his State.

"They're letting their fear run wild, you know how the No Maj's are. Reason will win, just look at the Cold War ending! Not long ago they were out for communist blood and now they're helping them!"

"That's not the same at all! You're being an obtuse fool."

"Obtuse?! I'll show you obtuse, you old hack."

"Enough." Jack snapped, his voice cracking like a whip and it silenced them. He glared at them with a disappointed look in his eyes. He depended on these two who were the only ones that he'd made sure remained to advise him. Normally, he'd not regret that decision for both were well connected to the political establishment, whether it be through blood or through wealth.

But right now they were nothing more like frightened children lashing out at one another. "Your frankly headache inducing argument is not helping anyone." They looked suitably chastised and he shook his head before he returned his attentions to the off magi-com that sat the centre of the table.

They, along with every senator who were all sent back to their States to manage the situation with the State resources, were waiting on further instructions from the MACUSA President's office but nothing yet.

He sighed silently. He also hadn't received any word from Senator Sayre, whom he shared power with in Massachusetts like every Senator did with one other Senator, and she wasn't responding either. She wasn't the only Senator that was silent either, based on what he heard from the Californian Senator in San Francisco.

It seemed like there was an information embargo and no one in New York could tell him anything more than he already knew.

It didn't bode well. Especially given that this call was meant to have instructions on what to actually do, along with his deliberations with the Federation who have been difficult so far.

He clenched his jaw slightly.

Was he surprised though? The Federation was dominated by the Senators from the country-ships and as much as they had a seat on the Council of Five, they were largely bereft of allies, mostly because their traditional allies were no longer in their sphere of influence.

Their stance to remain on the ground as equally as they were in the air in New Jackson also didn't help much matters either, especially with Illos who retained their influence on the magical world.

He shook his head. He expected that the fact that the situation in the rest of the world was almost as bad as it was in America, and in some instance even worse as the No Maj's were killing their own people in suspicion of witchcraft, was only making things worse in terms of the kind of action needed to be made.

He could only imagine things would get worse if other No Maj nations managed to find magicals in their countries, and he dreaded to think how bad things could get, especially given that some Ministries were far from understanding of No Maj's.

Even the milder Ministries, like the Indian Ministry, were dead set in refusing to meet with the No Maj government based on the reactions in America and a few other Ministries in traditionally liberal No Maj cultures, like the Dutch or the Vietnamese, that remained on the ground had chosen the same.

And given that the French reaction wasn't at all positive despite expectations being that it would be given their liberal inclinations, it only enforced the belief amongst the magical world that coexistence was impossible.

His fingers twitched as his stomach tightened, difficult emotions cycling on his face.

He'd heard that were a vocal number of Federal Senators that were calling for permanent departure from Earth, decades sooner than what Illos committed itself to.

That had been days ago. He could only imagine that it would be worse now.

Could that be why the president was so difficult to reach? Was developing a mutually beneficial relationship with the No Maj's really not possible?

Wa-

He strode forward towards the magi-com, wanting to banish out fruitless thoughts in favour of some actual answers. He dialled his old friend and a holo image of his old war buddy appeared. "Albert."

"Couldn't wait any more, could you?" the Ohioan Senator said dryly, knowing him as well as he did. He'd had Albert Hickberry under his direct command during much of the war and the man had saved his life a few times, including when Grindelwald had killed nearly killed him along with hundreds of others at Mannheim.

Jack smiled faintly before he turned gravely serious "Have any of your friends told you anything?" Hickberry was far more connected to officials in MACUSA than Jack was. Plus, the other Ohioan Senator was a family friend of the man so it was quite possible that the other Ohioan Senator had broken the silence.

Hickberry looked grim "No. I would have called you if I heard anything my friend."

"I hoped otherwise." Jack said solemnly before he eyed the man cautiously "What do you think anyway? You have a knack for sniffing out secrets."

Hickberry gave a short laugh "A knack?" He shook his head "Things must be bad if you're calling my fatalistic attraction for trouble secrets." Hickberry sighted before he turned serious and there was a sad note in his voice.

"The situation as bad as fresh Cerberus shit, my old friend. You already know or at the very least sense it but I think it's going to get a lot worse. The No Maj president has been seen hosting people who own the news channels that have been calling for everything short of a witch hunt." 'Fuck'

"Oh Merlin." Henry groaned out as he placed his head in his hands.

Hickberry turned around in his holo picture and saw for the first time Henry and Andrew before he turned around to face him "Didn't know you had company."

"It's only Henry and Andy." He said distractedly as he thought on the owners of the news channels. They were wealthy men, exceedingly so. In first few days, he'd been still in New York when crisis meeting after crisis meeting painted a picture of the situation.

And a few covert missions had been undertaken to assess the damage by checking them and suffice it to say, they were a goldmine and a major source of the conspiracy. Unfortunately, the men they'd met with proved to be difficult to find.

"You remember when the Auror reports of their connections to the conspirators?"

Jack nodded and Hickberry continued "I'm fairly sure the obliviated owner of The Era and his subordinates recovered their memories." Jack's eyebrows climbed up.

"Impossible" Andrew exclaimed "It's almost impossible for the average wizard to recover obliviated memories, at least without help. You're saying No Maj's managed?!"

"Well, it should have been impossible for us to be as blindsided as we are but…" Hickberry waved around, indicating the impossible situation they were in.

"It's farfetched." He commented and Hickberry shrugged a little helplessly.

"It explains why The Era has stepped up its rhetoric when it should have stopped." Hickberry looked at him directly "You remember the general idea of what the directives were to be." He did. The Era was to be a lot more balanced and he'd wondered why it had been more poisonous than it had been.

"Perhaps they're looking out for mind manipulation." He said quietly as he met his old friend's gaze who understood what he was meaning with it.

Hickberry smiled grimly before he nodded "It's possibly that they intervened on their behalf. But we are looking out for that and as far as I know, at least before the silence, that hasn't happened. And with him going to see the President, I'm fairly sure his memories has returned."

"Maybe it isn't his memory." Henry said with comprehension on his face, surprising him and the other two in the room. After the quizzical looks Henry continued "They have those video recall thingies right?"

"What recall thingies?" Andrew asked with a frown. Henry looked annoyed at Andrew.

"You know those thingies that work like that Replay application on the magi-com."

Jack's eyebrows raised for the second time in a very short period…as did everyone else's and they all exchanged looks understanding how the No Maj's might have been working to circumvent the whole thing.

Hickberry let off a deep breath "Good catch."

"But the Aurors would have caught that, surely?"

"Not if the No Maj's didn't know they were being recorded." Hickberry pointed out "Remember, the No Maj's have been planning this all out for years, probably decades even. They know our abilities and they know our behaviours."

Jack closed his eyes. Again, they were being outplayed "And in the end, they only enflamed the flames of hate and distrust by showing them moving pictures of themselves that they don't remember."

Hickberry smiled grimly before he looked away, his hand seemingly moving and Jack realised that Hickberry was probably sending out the idea to New York.

"I fear it might be too late." Jack admitted and Hickberry turned to him.

"If I were them, it would probably have been too late a little while ago. Seems like Sinroote righter than we thought."

Sinroote had been an infamous magi-historian who postulated, only a few decades after the Statute of Secrecy went up, that the nature of the Statute ending was the single most important moment in magical history, claiming that anything short of perfect blending of the two worlds would end in tragedy.

He was about to say something until he heard the beeping sound of another call though it was overlapping with another beeping sound at Hickberry's end.

"It seems like its time." Hickberry said before he turned to him "See you there."

He nodded and the call disconnected and quickly connected to the call whilst he gestured towards the magi-com to calibrate him into position. The holo transformed the office room into a large Congressional room and he was seated in the same seat he'd be in if he'd be at the Congressional hall itself.

Though…none of that mattered as the room descended into stunned silence, him included, when he did not see the president but rather…

Rather a bloodied face, an unknown face, on the roof of a building with the backdrop of skyscrapers…'Manhattan outside' he recognised.

"Who are you?!" "Where is the president?!" "What happened?!"

"SILENCEEE" one of the senators for Colorado bellowed out, silencing everyone before he added "Let the man speak!"

"Thank you sir." The bloodied man was breathing heavily and looking around him before he looked back towards them. "Senators…I am Auror Lonnie Lykonnis, security attache for the President." The man swallowed dryly and Jack knew then things had nosedived into a very new, a very dangerous low.

"We were meeting with the No Maj's." the man said with a shaky breath "It was a trap." Murmurs began to rise but stern talking to by a few of the Senators silenced them all.

"The No Maj's attacked?"

The man, Lykonnis, nodded. "They ambushed us." Lykonnis closed his eyes before he reopened them with shame in them. "They killed the president." The room was shocked but none of them were prepared for what the man had next to say.
"They also attacked the MACUSA building." The man's eyes looked almost dull as he spoke, as he looked away into the distance "I think most are dead."

Jack fell into his seat as he clutched onto the table and there was dead silence. "We are at war." Jack muttered but it seemed that it was loud enough for everyone to hear for the entire conference descended into utter chaos.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:SwaffleWaffle, UndeadFlowerBoy, Jacksonian Democracy and 73 others
mosefboombox117
Dec 25, 2023
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Arc III - Chapter 36 New
View content
mosefboombox117
mosefboombox117
✨Magic is EVERYWHERE✨
JoinedApr 28, 2022
Messages418
Likes received23,646
Jan 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#436
Happy New Year

Without further adieu, please enjoy the post!
Chapter 36

Here we are.
Hmm.
An end of an odyssey, this story has been.
Somehow.
As a final note - this is the last chapter of Odyssey but...the Halo era story will begin in the summer next year.
Without further ado...
Please enjoy the closing chapter of this story. Thank you.

10th​ of September, 1993 – Nevada, United States

A piercing cry echoed in the arid desert, a cry that bore two, eight, twelve different cries within a calling cry, and Atticus smiled to himself as he stared out at the crystal clear skies, his own call to his familiar echoing silently in the spectrum of intertwined magic.

Soon enough he came to see twelve silhouettes in the distance, several larger than the majority, though he only had eyes for one of them.

As they neared, he could see the trailing clouds that exuded with each flap of their wings and the streaks of lightning that discharged from their smaller back wings, riding through the air like Valkyrie chariots of thunder and storm.

When they were a few hundred metres away, they began to slow, their bodies turning vertical, their wings gracefully beating the air into submission and soon enough they all landed right in front of him, their huge forms, their iridescent blue and silver feathers gleaming like priceless gems cut into the shape of feathers as their imperious hawk-eyed eyes bore down at him with a kind of regal authority.

Though none of them could compare to the thunderbird right in front of him, a bird that dwarfed them with her almost six metre height that eyed him intense scrutiny.

Long few moments passed where none of the majestic birds made a single sound, a single movement, until she finally moved towards him, slowly with deliberateness, until finally she crowed softly as she brought her head towards his chest, body, really and Atticus laughed softly as he scratched in a spot behind her crown feathers which elicited a purring crow from the old girl.

"Oh Fila…I've missed you too." Atticus said softly as he closed his eyes and hugged the neck of his familiar who was so large he couldn't wrap his arms around it.
Not long after he'd moved to Illos, Fila and he had come to an agreement, of a sort.

Thunderbirds were never the kind to be caged, to be kept in place.

They were creatures of the skies, born to roam and sail and brew storms wherever they went. They were freedom personified.

And as Fila grew into her own, he had to let her go and be what she was.

A queen of the skies.

He parted from Fila and smiled at the old girl before he looked towards the rest of her brood and his lips twitched at their quizzical looks, no doubt unfamiliar with the way their authoritative mother, grandmother and great grandmother was behaving.

He'd never met her chicks for Thunderbirds turned into some of the most dangerous beings during that time, much more so than they typically could be, and so this was the first time they were meeting him.

Fila turned her gaze towards the birds and squawked a short bark and immediately the birds backed up a little with their heads slightly bowed.

It was fascinating to see the dynamics between Thunderbirds.

Not much had been known about the social dynamics of the beings, before he relocated the bulk of the species to Dexirus where their behaviours in the wild could be studied properly, so watching Fila and her brood was a unique experience.

Thunderbirds were solitary beings for much of their lives but like all intelligent beings, there was a social component to their behaviours though that was largely amongst the female population.

Once they started their own family units, female thunderbirds were connected to their broods and their brood's brood, almost like the way a planetary weather system was connected, and they'd meet once every so often to reaffirm familial bonds.

And, Atticus mused to himself as he watched the interaction between the birds, there was a clear hierarchy in their family units.

The researchers weren't entirely sure yet how a female thunderbird would leave a family unit to form one of her own but thus far the consensus amongst the researchers was that it depended on the strength of the matriarch.

Thunderbirds were creatures of power and no animal nature in nature, even humans, allowed to subject themselves to those who were weaker.

Atticus dropped his smile slightly and the air pressure around them began to drop as his magic rose. The thunderbirds behind Fila stiffened at the sudden change whilst Fila turned towards him, her sharp eyes set upon him.

He could feel their wariness, their sense of danger and he slowly, carefully, sent out feelings of urgency, of importance, of request, through his bond with Fila which he used to connect to the rest of the Thunderbirds.

The birds almost comically tilted their head in question and in surprise at the sudden connection and it made him smile fondly, to feel their surprise yet he did not break concentration as he communicated with them.

It was not words. It was not even images. It was more like when you saw a certain look on your loved ones face, a look that could communicate a thousand words with the faintest expression, with the lightest of muscle twitches.

He expressed to them of what has happened in the world, why magic felt a little different in the past few months, why they had not seen another Thunderbird for the past few years, and he expressed why it was time to leave soon and that he needed their aid.

It caused a stir amongst the birds, especially amongst the younger thunderbirds, who were more prideful and so like Fila when she'd been but a youngling.

Fila however, she kept her eyes on him.

Imperious eyes that seemed to bore down to the bottom of his very soul.

Atticus only solemnly smiled at her, his head slightly bowed at the old girl.

He could feel that the old girl knew whatever was happening…was because of him.

Their familiar bond had never frayed over the years though their bond had, after he'd given her the space to be what she was, become…almost like the bond between an old flame, the one who you could not see for decades yet you could see still feel the love, the memories, between one another from just a second in each other's gaze.

Fila then suddenly broke eye contact and barked at her brood who became silent for a few moments before they all, one by one, barked out in a tone that sounded as if it was agreement.

Fila then turned towards him and sent her agreement through the bond though…that was something more, as if she was requesting something of her own and Atticus reversed the magic to let him understand fully what she wanted.

Atticus' eyebrows raised and after a few seconds, he laughed before a wide smile grew on his face. "I can do that, my old girl." Atticus said softly as he already began to think on how to fulfil his part of the agreement.

Celestis was plenty mountainous enough for him to pick a region to declare belonging to her brood and a few other young and unrelated male thunderbirds.

Atticus raised his hand and in his hand, twelve anklets materialised and he floated them to the thunderbirds. "You will need this. I will use it to send you to Illos and will use it when I call on your aid." Atticus said aloud and through the connection.

The birds eyed the anklets as they neared but they all let the anklets form just above their ankles. The anklets were next generation port-keys that were anchored to Illos for about five astronomical units.

Soon enough, the birds began to take off and Fila…Fila took flight as well though not before she demanded him to scratch that spot behind her crown of feathers.

He watched them go and the smile that had been on his face, faded away. He allowed them to remain soaring in Earth's skies for as long as possible.

With the aid of the thunderbirds secured, he could be assured that the damage he'd cause would be…limited.

Taking control would be difficult, especially since the Earth was not as dead as Celestis was, but it was still possible. Unfortunately, it would leave him spent for days and he could not afford that.

Fila and her brood would bridge the gap, both in terms of wrestling control of the weather system, whilst also requiring him less of his strength to cause the final chapter of this story.

When the birds were distant, almost gone from his sight, his magic twisted within a fraction of a second and he shimmered from where he'd stood back to Charum Tower where he was greeted with Emily, Abraxas Malfoy and a few other people.

Another 'crisis' meeting.

All bar Emily were surprised by his appearance though only moments later Abraxas and the other people stood up from their seats and bowed before him.

"Your Majesty."

"Chief Minister." Atticus acknowledged with a faint smile before he greeted the others and turned towards his wife with a look.

"Abraxas…" Emily voiced out and her old classmate understood perfectly well.

"Of course, Your Majesty." Abraxas said with a bow before he and the others left them.

After he and Emily were left alone, he walked over to her and placed a kiss on her cheek.

Emily smiled as she watched him for a few moments before she asked.

"How is Fila?"

"She looks well. Aging but well." Atticus said as he sat down beside Emily and offered her a faint but loving smile. "She'll be fine after the storm is done."

Emily nodded serenely though a flicker of an amused look came across her face and he knew why she was looking at him like that.

She suspected that him eliciting the aid of Fila was more or less an excuse to work with Fila again, like he had done in his early experiments in Nature magic as a boy because after all, he was allowing the old bird and her brood a lot more leeway than they were allowing the rest of the magical species who were all on board country-ships.

To be fair…

She wasn't entirely wrong.

"So Abraxas has managed to get an agreement then." Atticus stated knowingly as he glanced at the doors through which Abraxas and his aides had left through.

Emily hummed beautifully as she leaned back in her chair. "Yes. As expected. The other country-ships will follow our lead when we remove our invisibility cloak" she said before she eyed him with a wry but knowing look.

"Of course, it will only serve to escalate tensions dramatically."

"Well, when giant spaceships are hovering in the skies, it should be expected." Atticus said a little dryly before he sighed heavily. He wasn't leaving anyone a choice. "But we also can't afford to leave so many behind" Or anyone really.

Earth could not have any current magicals when they left.

"No." Emily agreed as she turned towards him slightly, her face clouding somewhat in darkness. "And even if we for some reason allowed to let the disagreeable fools to stay after we remove the memories of the mundanes, we can't risk the mundanes learning of magic later and then figuring out a way to engineer a biological weapon."

The disagreeable fools being a number of communities and a few other Ministries like the Ministry of India deciding that fighting or suing for a treaty was a better option than leaving like the majority of the magical world has now agreed on.

Even MACUSA, who have permanently moved to New Jackson, have decided to leave when their people still on stateside were attacked.

And after his people assisted MACUSA from fully evacuating from the US and nearby regions, the appetite of tolerating mundanes had gone completely, especially after the media leaks in the mundane world making their way into the magical world, leaks that spoke of concentration camps in Eastern Europe that were used to burn families suspected of witchcraft.

Of course, it was not true and merely the culmination of decades of planning and the use of LAI golems that pervaded throughout the mundane world, but the evidence would hold up under any scrutinised eyes.

That, along with a dozen other plots that worked to heighten the sense of hatred felt from the mundane world, was it any surprise that all across the magical world, regardless of blood status, people were braying at the 'crimes' of the mundanes?

Unfortunately, it seemed that there were still a number of communities and Ministries that proved difficult to crack, those few who were remarkably clingy to their homelands.

Even the native Americans and other secluded native peoples, had been convinced to leave once that the time of mundane and magical co-habitation like yesteryear was impossible.

Unfortunately, for some, reason was not triumphing over sentimentality.

That wasn't to see that they were entirely reasonless.

The actual attacks by mundanes throughout the world against magical enclaves that were exposed, either through treacherous squibborns, opportunistic fools or through chance, were all halted by Federation battlemages, giving them the illusion that they could simply depend on Federation protection whilst things settled down.

Atticus eyed her for a moment before he broke his gaze, looking towards the distance with a shadowed expression. "I doubt they'll manage it any time soon."

Their DNA was beyond what mundane science should be able to attack. It would take centuries, likely millennia, of research and science for them to be capable of it.

The Ancient Humans hadn't managed to complete their research in the alien DNA before their demise and it took her generations of…research to finally find success.

He felt her hand on his hand, no, his fist that had been clenching between them and he turned towards her. She was looking at him seriously, understanding what he was thinking.

She hadn't been pleased either to know that all that they were was owed to the Ancient Humans…in more ways than simply being a consequence of Forerunner folly.

"Soon." Atticus promised her. He'd created a moment in the near future where he'd be able to have moment of reckoning with her.

Emily downturned her lips slightly but she quickly moved past it. She didn't think there was much point in a reckoning, and to tell the truth…there wasn't.

He'd gotten what he wanted from her and he knew all that there was to know but…leaving it like an open injury felt distasteful to him.

He wanted her to know.

"Even if they don't manage for a thousand years" Emily returned back on the topic on hand "They will at the very least be able to track new magicals."

Atticus hummed, the sound rumbling at the back of his throat.

After the stubborn magicals were wiped out, either through murder or through experimentation, they'd turn their eyes to the squibborns.

And that was the greatest of risk with regards to leaving any magicals to the knowledge of the mundanes. It would be easy too. Governments across much of the world could take blood samples of anyone who ever needed a hospital.

In time, when technology was improved, they could be able to determine which bloodlines had the genome sequence of interest and so, squibborns would be there for them to take and twist them into their tools.

Like starving rats fed on peanut butter coated rats, they'd be made to hate and despise anyone not in whatever order they were a part of.

"It's a good thing then that such scenarios won't happen. We will all leave as one people." Atticus said with a wry smile as he rested his head on the back of the sofa.

The consequence of showing how much more advanced the magical world was than the mundane would shock them to the core and when humans were backed into a corner, they can be vicious, especially when it threatened their entire perception of the world and their place in the world.

Like the final dominos in a domino chain, the final pieces will fall as stubbornness made way for practicality and survival. By now, the magical world was well aware of nuclear weapons and the devastation it could do.

"Most of us will leave as one people yes." Emily said with a dark and amused smile as she tilted her head slightly, almost touching the back of the sofa.

Yes…

There were still a few that decided to aid the mundanes against the magical world despite the hatred the mundanes held for them, even in this very moment.

Of course, they were made to be largely impotent, along with the leadership of the mundanes being subtly cursed to disbelieve anything of true importance, and any assistance they'd bring was going to be a moot thing anyway for their betrayal would be wiped out but still…

It was a sore point for many amongst the magical world.

Fortunately, for everyone's sake, the vast majority of squibborns and their families had remained loyal to the magical world, the initiatives and the integration he'd ensured would happen had lessened severely the resentment. Generally speaking.

"It is what it is." Atticus said with a mild smile "They've made their choice."

Not all of them – some were pushed into the choice – but most did.

Could he have ensured that they all didn't have a choice?

Yes.

But their betrayal was useful.

Not only in naturally producing a sense of togetherness amongst the squibborns and the purebloods as it was clear that the mundanes made no such distinctions between them at all, a message they were making sure was understood by everyone, but also by weeding out some of the more zealous amongst them.

Those who would be problematic in the era they'd build, those that they couldn't weed out through legitimate poltical manoeuvring and scandals.

Emily hummed.

"We're almost there." Emily said, recapturing his attentions and he smiled at her before he nodded. Yes…they were almost catching up to his, their future.

Memories of baby booms that would last for decades, memories of building after building being raised around the country-ships, memories of discovery and invention, memories of peace for as far as he could See…

Atticus closed his eyes as he placed his other hand on top of her.

"Yes…we're nearly there."

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

20th​ of September, 1993 – Washington D.C.

Jason M. Lafides POV

He quickly walked through the hotel plaza, face set in stone, his eyes scanning his surroundings.

The hotel was busy, as it has been for weeks now.

Every news outlet worth their salt had a presence in Washington at present and every set of eyes that knew even the faintest thing about the affairs of the world was gazing upon a television, eagerly consuming content, news bites, reports.

It was a gluttonous feast for the media and there was no telling of when it would stop, just as they wanted.

The world had come to know of the insidiousness that hid in the crevices of the world, these creatures who hid in the shadows and defiled them and sundered their memories and so much more!

True and false interviews were given, pictures in forgotten photo albums were circulated as talks of kidnapped children entered the public consciousness 'Your kids could be next!'.

Some creatures that disappeared even came forward in the past few weeks claiming them to be the stolen children though he never paid it much attention, considering them to be irrelevant – and problematic – in the grand scheme of things.

Unfortunately, they couldn't just get rid of them and the government knew that too, instead, last he heard, using them to figure out where the heck they could find damn creatures and how to create weapons against their magic.

In any case…before this and all the rest of the shit contributed to muddy up the situation, things had been going so damn well.

The furore had never been greater, not even during the height of the cold war.

It was marvellous.

Outrage was near universal amongst most of the world and protests had sprung all across Europe with Italy and Spain righteous and furious in their protestations.

Though…he thought with a faint internal grimace. It had to be said that in some countries the situation was more…delicate.

From Eastern Europe to the Near East, demands of the people were levied onto their governments to follow America's steps and strike at the creatures, often times descending into riots demanding new concentration camps to be set up whilst in many parts in Asia and Africa, the situation had devolved into near anarchy or actual anarchy.

His grimace began to show on his face as he remembered the reports of sectarianism and tribal influenced attacks in places in Africa whilst the Palestinian and Israeli conflict was heating up even more as extremist imams were declaring all Jews witches in cohort with the Devil.

And in Africa, there were warlords who were using the chaos to rally people to their causes, painting entire populations as 'spawn of the devils'.

He'd thought that this could have been a uniting event, to unite humanity in, well, humanity, yet people were using it as an excuse to basically fuck everything up!

It was bad news on top bad news.

His hands clenched.

To say it has not been as they had envisaged would be saying it lightly.

No, it was fucking far from the way they hoped it would unravel out.

Even in America. Especially in America.

They'd started well. Initially. They'd known most if not all of the wizarding settlements and their centres of government.

They'd known the location of this MACUSA building and they'd caught the demons unawares with their attack that destroyed most of it.

It had signalled the beginning of the campaign and one by one, the military attacked the settlements but after the first day – it all went to fucking shit.

First those Studpoole children disappeared and after the first waves of attacks against the settlements, the settlements were abandoned, turning into damn ghost towns, no hide or sight could be found of the creatures until, days later, they fucking attacked!

The helicopters, the jets, even the fucking tanks that were sent to these places were destroyed and the military bases nearby the settlements were all wiped out.

Thousands of soldiers had died.

To say it was a catastrophe would be a god damned understatement.

And as sudden as their attacks had come, they were gone and there hasn't been a damn sight of them!

Some of the organisation believed that they went into hiding, almost crowing in victory at the thought but he and others knew that it was a terrible situation for they knew the kinds of evil the creatures were capable of.

They could appear anywhere, anytime, and the longer they had no sight of them, the worst the situation would get.

As he walked past the hotel lobby, towards the VIP bar after he'd been passed through, his eyes had caught sight of one of the televisions that was hung on one of the pillars of the bar.

He could already tell that it was the report of this morning, about the Indian Prime Minister and the fool's talk with this supposed Minister of Magic.

The Indians – and the Spanish – governments had been approached by the creatures and continued to talk with the creatures despite the pressure the governments were facing from the public and other governments and religious figures.

A sneer formed on his face.

Undoubtedly they were spelled into compliance – he believed the traitor creatures who checked them over to be lying – and it wouldn't be long before actions would be taken to rescue the poor fools.

As he walked through the bar, quieter and far less crowded with the common rabble, he made his way towards the always reserved seat at the back on the second floor.

He could already see his old friend waiting on him and he signalled the waitress his usual drink before he walked up the stairs.

"Jackson" Jason grumbled out as he took his seat and took hold of the glass of brandy that had sat waiting for him. He took a long swill of the drink before he sat back up and eyed the man. "Any news?"

"Good to see you as well, my friend." Jackson said drily before he drank of his gin and tonic.

Jason grimaced "Apologies. It's been…tense."

Jackson placed his glass back onto the table, a mocking smile on his face "That's a bug that going around, alright." The mocking smile fell as he spoke further.

"There is hardly any new news…only further consideration that these country-ships the turncoat creatures talk about may not be so false."

Jason's jaw slackened "What?!" he exclaimed before he got control over himself and he leaned forward "The President is considering it to be true?!" he demanded in a quieter tone.

He couldn't believe that the President was falling for the ruse by these creatures.

"I believe them too." Jackson said grimly and he looked at the man betrayed.

Jackson gestured his hand tiredly "The simplest explanation is often the right explanation." Jackson said to him before continuing "We've heard it from Studpoole, we are hearing it from the very mouths of creatures overseas and we're hearing it from the American" Jackson mockingly elucidated "creatures."

Jackson thinned his lips for a moment before adding "I think we are playing it dangerous by ignoring it further." Jackson brought back the glass to his lips.

"We've underestimated the creatures for centuries before. Doing it now when they're under attack is folly." Jackson said before he threw back the drink.

Jason sat there for a long while, brimming with anger. And fear. He couldn't believe it. He couldn't. The thought that these creatures had ships the size of fucking Hawaii was unthinkable. Obscene.

"They're agents." Jason said finally, his voice quiet but anger laden. He met Jackson gaze "They are deceiving us. Like that damn witch." After that Studpoole bitch made her confession on live television, she'd disappeared completely and so did her children before they even could do anything about it.

He was sure that she'd been making a lie when she was supposedly warning about this Illos and their capabilities. And the lies about them being capable of travelling to other planets?! Pah, it was clear that the creatures were lying their asses off.

The creatures they'd previously tortured to death had never said anything about matters like that. Not ever.

"My friend…" Jackson sighed heavily "I agree, they are deceiving us." Jackson looked at him intently "Do you take me or our government for fools? For crying out loud, these supposed friendly creatures are claiming their kind have gone to other planets outside of our solar system!"

Jackson sneered "If they think we truly believe them about their betrayal of their kind, they are greater fools than the Democrats who want to make a peace deal with them, not when they refuse to swear these unbreakable vows of loyalty."

Apparently swearing such vows was too dangerous for them to do as even the slightest hesitancy would kill them. Not that he would have trusted it anyway.

They had no incentives to coerce them, in ways like they did to Studpoole, into making sure that they aren't creating some false light to pull the wool of their eyes.

Jackson circled his glass as he paused "But I think this part of theirs is at least true…" Jackson raised his hand to forestall him and Jason sat back in frustration.

Jackson made a gesture of peace before he continued.

"But I also think they are inflating these so called country-ships. The government is sure that these country-ships are a fraction of their so called size. Our satellites have been searching for these so called country-ships and we've found nothing and you know that we haven't failed to corroborate locations with our satellites. Their magic can't hide them when we know where to look."

He considered that for a moment. "That…that makes sense."

Jackson nodded approvingly before he grimaced "Of course, it doesn't make it easy to find them." Jackson eyed Jason carefully "Some in Washington are even pushing to 'pretend' to find them and let the situation lie given the chaos the situation is having with the economy." Jackson grimaced further. "And society in general."

Jason gritted his teeth before he forcefully relaxed. It was true that the economy was suffering a mild shock but it was soon fade away. The markets were overreacting about the situation.

As for society…well, he'd always though they needed a kick up the ass. People needed to see that this was a war for their very souls.

"At the moment, those voices are falling on deaf ears and we're doing our best to make sure that the creatures are not influencing the government with their lies and their heathen gifts."

Jason nodded somewhat mollified.

Jackson eyed him carefully "What about news from our hunters?"

"Nothing new on that front." Jason said before he finished his drink. Fortunately, the waitress brought over his refreshment glass.

There was nothing substantial in the reports that their hunters were sent to investigate. There have been a few isolated witch burnings but in most instances it was nutcases burning other nutcases and the few other cases were undeterminable.

To be truthful, he didn't think the hunters would catch any further, much to his displeasure and disappointment.

The secret was out and their best method of attack was with the veil of secrecy.

Now that that was gone, the damn creatures were free to just teleport away!

God, why did things have to be so difficult?!

He wished they'd made headway in their technology to prevent the damn creatures from escaping and their research on how to find them but all of that was not going to be feasible for years to come. He grimaced internally as his expression darkened slightly. That was also what they said years ago as well. 'A few years away…'

His thoughts were interrupted when the sound of glass breaking and he turned towards the sound and saw the waitress and some at the bar staring at the television.

"What's happening?" Jason asked and Jackson stood up and walked towards the railing.

"I don't know…" Jackson said with a frown in his voice before he made his way down the stairs. Jason stood up and frowned heavily as he stared at the situation.

He couldn't quite see what the television was showing and grudgingly followed Jackson down the stairs.

The noise within the bar was rising and by the time he reached the ground floor, someone had demanded silence and the volume to be raised.

He could the reporter speaking though the image…

His eyes widened as he walked closer to the television and as the voices on the television was loud enough to be heard.

"My god…" Jackson made out whilst for Jason…for Jason his voice had died at the back of his throat though his ears still worked, mercifully.

The reporter said that out of nowhere, the object, measured at almost twenty-five kilometres, appeared in the Baltic Sea, not far from Lithuania, apparently less than an hour ago.

Russian fighter jets were whizzing around as the reporter explained that all types of communication was fruitless though she said that rumours are rife that these objects may well be magical in nature.

The news then cut to videos from other parts of the world which showed the same type of egg-shaped object. "Country-ships." Jason managed to say.

Merciful God…they were wrong…so, so wrong.

And Jackson turned to him, pale-faced "It seems like we were all wron-"

A cry from the crowd drew their eyes back to the screen and time almost seemed to stop as they watched a missile race towards the Lithuanian country-ship and Jason shielded his eyes when a bright white flash suddenly appeared though not long after it turned to black.

"They used a nuke" someone from the crowd said hysterically and that was the moment that all hell broke loose.

And fear…

Fear crept in the centre of his core for he realised that things went from shit to utterly fucked.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

24th​ of September, 1993 – Nearby the Inishkea Islands

Moira POV

Waves crashed into the cold lonely rocks below, the smell of salty sea hovering around her in a mixture of misty scents and dusty foams, a mixture that shone under the subdued light of the sun with a foggy haze, yet, that haze, that fogginess, was a blanket akin to thin film, never quite managing to haze her sight of the horizon that bore islands and ocean, a horizon that marked so much of her life and her humans.

And a horizon she'd never see again.

She almost closed her eyes as she listened to the crashing waves, sounds that repeated, sounds that deepened and lessened, yet always, always, they crashed a little further, a little more than the last trillionth trillionth time.

"I thought I'd find you here."

His voice, his words, came quickly and suddenly, out of nowhere without expectation, like how the winds could turn and twist on grey august days.

He came to stand slightly in front of her, not quite beside her, not anymore, such days had long past, and longer past still been the days that he'd stood behind her, learning with eager yet distrustful eyes.

Now, he stood with a quiet surety that rang with fortitude, that reminded her so much of the Lord Admiral, when he'd been all that had stood between their last worlds, and then, later, their only world, their citadel, against the vengeful Forerunners.

She turned away her gaze from him and returned back towards the islands.

Would he be a better bastion than the greatest of them all?

Had they done enough?

Created enough gusts of air to cause the flaps of butterflies to flap this way, or that way, just enough to cascade into change, into cascading into a singularity that would end the perpetual cycle?

Only infernal time would tell, and only time would tell if the rewritten fate would prove to be kinder to the man and his people, chosen by their revengeful forbearers and her daughter, to lead themselves into eternity.

"When I awoke, there was ocean as far as the eye could see." She began, her voice calm as she spoke in the Illosian Latin, a language that was already beginning to deviate from its parent language as loan words and accents took hold in the public sphere. Letters were softer and words flowed easier off of the tongue.

"You awoke during one of the interglacial periods." Atticus stated more than questioned. She glanced at him and saw him still looking towards the islands.

"Yes. Global temperatures were warmer than this era." The era had been one of the warmest periods this world has seen for many hundreds of thousands of years.

The entrance to her exile, during the worst of weathers, was often overflown with seawater. Sea levels during that era had been more than sixty meters than what they were now with glaciers only reaching sixty degrees north during winter.

Atticus finally turned towards him, his youthful face crinkling with hints of genuine sympathy "Must have been difficult to come to face. The loneliness." Atticus sighed silently, softly, as he once more gazed away from her, as he spoke still…

"The abandonment. More so later when you came across the primitive descendants of your people. Primitives whom your people left in your charge."

The words were said softly yet they carried a knowing accusation, an indictment of her people who demanded much of her, too much, intractable demands she could not refuse, impossibly could not turn away from.

She'd been out of rage centuries before she was betrayed by her mother.

World after world, billions after billions, friends and family…

One could only rage for so long until it hollowed you out.

Like stars burning through its fuel until they collapsed into themselves, loss was burned through until loss lost its meaning and with the loss of loss came morbid acceptance of one's fate, of one's inevitable and looming end.

But despair?

That was special. Despair came from helplessness, of victimhood, and even when they'd been pushed all the way to just a few systems out of thousands, millions, she never felt its decrepit touch, not even once.

The defeat at the hands of the Forerunners had never wrung that out of her, and neither did the Parasites whom she felt disgust for and absolute hatred towards, Parasites who revelled in eternal desolation, revelled in subjecting eternal torment.

Yet…

She came to taste despair when she'd awoken in sterile whiteness, in absolute silence broken only by the soft near silent thrum of Sparkly Dawn's anti-grav engines, and ever more so when she stood on the lonely rocks and breathed in the air of the cradle.

Despair had come then.

Despair had come with the scents of fresh salty air and loneliness came with the warm rays of the lone sun.

Her people had abandoned her to a lonely mission.

A lonely mission that she could not refuse, for she had no one to refuse to.

A lonely mission that she had no choice but to accept when she'd seen the remnants of her people bearing sharpened sticks and tools of stone, cast so low, shattered so utterly so, a great weight of loneliness and despair that painfully wrapped around her ankles yet could only feel light in the face of responsibility, of duty, of anguish.

Contradiction. Twilight. That was the path she was made to follow.

And she followed it utterly so.

She turned her dark eyes towards him, watching him intently as he gazed away from her. "You have broken through my mind" she only stated, her mind having already come to that conclusion from the way he spoke of how she must have felt.

The familiarity. The knowing sympathy.

She was neither surprised or angry with the violation, expected as it was. She knew that eventually her secrets, the secrets of her people would prove irresistible to the ravenous curiosity of the man before her, a curiosity made him the man he was.

As expected of her daughter's chosen vessel for victory.

"One of me broke through your mind…yes." Atticus said quietly, softly, imperiously, still facing away from her, and she understood it was not because of guilt, remorse, no…it was the kind of gesture a man in peace with himself makes.

He knew her secrets, all of them, forcibly taken, likely having killed her in the process in that timeline…in that universe…

"Have you ever cared about this place?" Atticus asked her suddenly and she understood it to mean more than just this lonely rock, more than the Irish lands that once boasted people who worshipped her for centuries thousands of years ago.

"At times." She admitted. This world…these people…at times, they had captured her attentions and in some very few instances, inspired a sense of admiration in her.

The Atlanteans for one. The people who descended from the tribes she'd elevated.

She'd seen the recordings of hunter gatherers around the mountains of Morocco slowly grow into communities, the gifts of neurophysical energy passing down generation after generation until all of the humans in the tribes could manipulate neurophysical energy.

She'd wake from her cryo-sleep and watch their progress over centuries, watching them slowly exploring their powers, build their knowledge, until they united and all moved towards an island created in the Atlantic that would, over three thousand years, become one of the greatest civilisations this world has seen to this date.

They'd been a marvel, and any other civilisation that had formed from nothing paled in comparison, for these tribes had been beyond remarkable. They created life with nothing but neurophysical energy, human-like life, animals who represented aspects, even delving into immortality.

It had been a shame to destroy them.

She did not regret the act, for the Atlanteans were a hundred fold more arrogant than they were impressive, and they were most impressive.

Their people had already set foot on every continent, having met every peoples – some of whom left genetic legacies in those distant parts of the world – and had come to know how superior they were to all other humans on the world.

And the worship of the prehistoric humans had only increased that sense of superiority. And yet…that was not cause for intervention.

After all, she'd hoped that with time, with growing civilizational maturity, they'd develop out of their dichotomous primitive yet advanced civilisation.

And so, if that superiority had been all, she would not have acted.

Unfortunately, it was not and it caused her to extend out her duty by thousands of years, to wait for a worthy civilisation to pass down her legacy

She might not have had a deep connection to Living Time as the Perceivers had or her daughter, but her intuition and her technology could formulise enough that their existence could not be hidden if they kept reaching beyond their understanding.

Experimenting with Dimension and Time with neurophysical energy, for the purpose of elevating Atlantis and Atlanteans into pseudo godhood, that was something that have drawn unwanted attentions well before it was time.

Already, she'd suspected that the existence of the Atlanteans would have drawn their attentions – she remembered the reports of once inactive Precursor structures reacting to the presence of the Parasites – and these experiments would have made it a certainty.

Despite it all, killing the majority of the Atlanteans was still a sore point. Not only had it extended her duty, she and Sparkly Dawn also never determined if the Atlanteans would have been successful.

Regardless, she doubted they'd have enjoyed 'godhood' for long, given what she was later told by her daughter, who could traverse Living Time to the ends of Time.

Her daughter had felt the manipulations of Fate by the Precursors.

Subtle. Quiet. But forever there. Forever in the shadows, in the crevices.

The Precursors knew of the Neurophysical Energy manipulating humans and were manipulating Fate to end their existence in time, with time.

it was almost certain that the Precursors would have taken a more direct intervention should the Atlanteans managed to succeed in their experiments.

Atlantis dying had been necessary and it was what allowed this future to come into existence, a future that would gift these humans the best chance of standing against the Precursors. Regardless if they were in their Parasite form or their original form.

"Do you ever weep at what you have done to those poor beings?" He drew her out of her though, and she could hear that there was no accusation in his voice, nor was it flat, instead it was solemn curiosity.

Flashes of prehistoric humans in their few moments of lucidity weeping, crying, begging, cut across the forefront of her mind, unable to comprehend the ire of Gods.

Simply…unable…

Truly…they were nought but pitiful facsimiles, pitiful replications, a mockery created by the Librarian and her ilk who thought to save them when instead they destroyed them more than extinction ever could.

And they were still such pitiful creatures…pale shadows of those who'd shone so brightly, so, so, brightly, that their flames burnt out long before their time was due…

And tampering with the genetics of these prehistoric humans with the aim of restoring the genetic legacy of her people proved to be impossible.

The Forerunners had destroyed too many and key genetic drifts for her and Sparkly Dawn to restore these humans to what their ancestors had been. There was not enough data left to run combinatory simulations and her own DNA was far too ancient, far too mixed with genetic history to try and piece the pieces together.

And so…

Too much was lost…for these humans…for her…for her people.

So much of their heritage, their triumphs, their defeats, their dead ends, their potential, a genetic legacy irreparably lost.

The manipulations of the Librarian, to guide genetic outcomes, was nothing but pale shadow of what her people once were…what they were once destined to reach.

They were meant to be Gods but instead were turned into less than myths…

Truly…the Librarian was a greater enemy than the Didact ever was…

It was a marvellous form of insidious revenge…

They'd be so close…back then.

Before the Perceivers determined victory against both the Parasites and the Forerunners was impossible, that they needed another plan, another way to live.

It only took her and Sparkly Dawn eight centuries to see the right combination of genetic research, the right combinations of genetic strings, to have genes responsible for neurophysical energy manipulation take in the DNA of prehistoric humans.

And it haunted her to know that it was possible for it to be replicated in her people.

And so…

Was there any doubt that she'd delight in sundering the Librarian's legacy…?

A delight that she was seeing pay off right before her eyes as she met his gaze.

Humans with a genetic legacy that had the best of the Precursors, and the potential to surpass them with Time, a chance to put the true Mantle into the hands of humans.

Even if they were still only imitations of her people.

Her people had won, in the end.

A bitter victory. A hollow victory. But a victory nonetheless.

And, if she was right in her conclusions, the Librarian would even see the rest of the humans veered off of the guided genetic outcome irreparably.

"No" she answered honestly as she turned towards the same horizon Atticus looking towards. "Not when it has created the tools of my people's victory."

Not when she ensured the destiny her people could have reached in this second iteration of humanity, even if they were but imitations in almost every other way.

Still, they were living echoes, as close as could be, would be, and were an echo of her people's fury, rage, an echo of a destiny denied, lost, a destiny restored, returned…a destiny that showed what could have been…what should have been…

Atticus only hummed softly before he answered with a simple "Tools…that is always what we have been for you." It was said without judgement. Though what he said next did bear judgement of a kind. "Just as Seth and your children had been."

She narrowed her eyes at that but before she could answer he continued with a fixed look "Do not deny it. You came to care for them, eventually, but you wished to see the results of a genetic mixture between your branch of humanity and one of mine."

One of hers and Sparkly Dawn's simulations had promised viable and incredible progeny should there be a mix of her DNA and one of the matured bloodlines that retained some of their Atlantean heritage.

Unfortunately, all of their laboratory experiments failed, without fault, as magic simply would not take.

Atticus turned towards her more, the fixed look in his expression relaxing slightly despite the topic. "After all, magical children are impossibly difficult to conceive through any means other than natural."

They'd come to that conclusion eventually and it took her several cycles of cryo-sleep to accept the theory as certain fact.

As different as the three human species were, they were still similar enough for progeny to be produced.

"I remember one of our earlier conversations…before I knew anything at all." Atticus smiled faintly to himself as he sighed slightly.

"I was such a child back then"

He looked back up to meet her gaze "It was an inconsequential conversation, one where we discussed the childhoods of your children."

"I remember" she answered.

It was one where she'd hinted that she'd been testing her children on concepts that children of her people would learn at their age.

She had not mentioned it then, though she expected him to know it now, after having seen the pilfered memories of her by his alternate self, but she'd been…disappointed to see that even with her genetics that it was not enough for them to raise their intellect to that of her people.

Of course, they were smarter, much smarter than their father and the rest of their kind, and it showed in their ability to manipulate neurophysical energy, but the quick grasping of theories and intuition for slipspace and dimensional mechanics that almost all of her people were able to do at such young ages, was not there.

It was an inherent genetic trait in her people and it was what allowed them to quickly catch up to the Forerunners despite being millions of years younger.

The closest that humans of this world would understand it would be Savant Syndrome though that was a disorder whereas this trait of theirs was as genetic as colour of eyes or hair colour could be.

And her children, all three of them, did not inherit such an important facet of her people.

"It was at that point that you decided that we were never going to be anything like what your people had once been...even us…your creation." Atticus smiled at her and it was an odd smile, as if he were smiling at a shared joke.

"Your daughter realised this, you know." Atticus said, surprising her greatly.

"She could not have" she denied harshly before she peered at him intently "And not even with all of your talents could ever possibly know such a thing."

Atticus laughed and it was almost cruel. He looked at her pointedly "I can't see the past but I saw your memories. Even from a young age, your daughter had a deep connection with Living Time" Atticus smiled and it was unkind.

"I know what it looks like when someone is traversing Living Time and your daughter…your daughter had been doing it as a six year old." Atticus tilted his head as he studied her. "Compare it." He said to her, his eyes boring into her.

"Compare all those moments of her oddness as a child to the moments you witnessed her use her abilities decades later."

She turned back to her memories, back to her interactions with her daughter and she realised that it was…unusual. She'd chalked off as a quirk, a result of two different species of human mixing but now…

"Your daughter knew what her mother was." Atticus continued as his gaze bored down at her "What her mother would do if she was unremarkable." Atticus placed his arms behind his back as he continued his assaulting words.

For the first time in a long time, her face crinkled in pain.

She'd been so disappointed in both of the human species and their development, especially after Atlantis. She expected so much more.

And yet they never even got close to that level of sophistication.

And her children bore much of that disappointment.

Though…she had thought that none of them had witnessed that disappointment. And the seeds of doubt were growing stronger the more she reeled through her memories.

Her daughter…her daughter was careful around her. Perfect in almost every way.

She no longer thought it possible that her daughter knew of her more…destructive ways of extricating herself from the familial situation.

She swallowed slightly. Yes…she realised…her daughter could have known.

Atticus nodded slightly, as if he understood her internal dialogue.

He continued "Your daughter knew…it is why you learned that she had a connection with Living Time at precisely the moment you learnt it. It is also why you came to know that there was a future worthy of leaving behind the legacy of your people too"

"She knew that I was thinking of abandoning this world." The point about what she'd do to her children was left unsaid but he understood it nonetheless.

After so long…after carrying out her duty for eons, she was simply…tired.

She saw nothing of her people in these humans through the eons. Even within the neurophysical energy manipulating humans. Even her children.

Her children being so unalike to her drove her to her lowest point.

She'd been ready to leave them to their fate.

Ready to leave them unprepared, unknowing, of all the dangers that existed in the universe. The Perceivers had prophesized that the second iteration of humanity was how they'd survive and she'd done her duty by gifting them what her own people had not been able to have.

And it was only her daughter's talents…her prophetic words, words that had scratched at her very core, words that were so, so similar to the Perceivers, that changed her mind.

That made her stay.

'What was two thousand years compared to vindication for you…for your people?'

Her daughter had convinced her to stay just a little while longer, long enough for her to see the culmination of her daughter's work, work that preserved not only her kind but also to recreate the balance of Living Time like no other species had done before.

All of which accrued to date to the very moment that she was called upon by this man before her decades ago.

That very day had been the very day that solidified her decision to leave behind her legacy to her daughter's branch of humanity.

That day had been when she finally tasted relief.

She took away her gaze from Atticus' and turned towards the skies. A primitive act but she felt like it was poignant. Her daughter…

"Why?" she asked quietly, her gaze still on the skies. "Why tell me this now?"

"I sympathise with you. I have seen your memories…your despair…the destruction of your people…but...despite all of that…I wanted you to understand that what we will achieve will not be because of you or your people. No. No, it will be because of the actions of past generations of our kind. Actions like those of your daughter."

She turned her gaze towards him and saw him looking at her with cold eyes.

Cold eyes that bore cords of steel in this belief of his.

She understood what he meant.

Whilst his people used her people's technology and their sciences, they were far from simply copying them. They were bridging neurophysical energy with science, creating something entirely new.

They are new.

Not imitations.

Not vengeance.

But their own people.

Their own civilisation.

Their own saga.

She stared at him for a long few moments before she nodded, her face twisting into a kind smile. "I can see that now" she said softly. "I think my daughter saw the same"

Her daughter…

She'd once thought that her daughter was working in concert with her, to prepare the humans of this world against her people's enemies but now…

Now she realised that perhaps was only part of it.

"Your daughter was the very best of our peoples." Atticus said, this time quieter, with hints of pride and deep admiration. "I would have liked to meet her."

She peeled her gaze away from him. "You will. In some form. One day" she said quietly, almost to herself, her thoughts on distant things.

Would they still welcome her? Once she passed into the Domain?

She'd been somewhat involved in Emily and Atticus' experiments and theorisation of the Domain, that Essences likely existed there largely still intact.

There was something within the Domain that made it difficult to fully interact with the deceased but that once you were there, such boundaries did not truly exist.

That a form of you, at least would exist there.

"I do not think they would turn you away." Atticus said and she realised her inner thoughts must have been showing on her face. Truly, she must be unsettled.

She turned to him and she saw him looking towards the horizon. "Families can be strange like that. Your daughter knew what you were. What you were close to doing. Yet she worked to change your mind and I largely think it was because the love she bore for you…knowing as she did how important your people were…are to you."

He glanced slightly at her. "I, or someone else like me, would still have been able to create portals that could open up travel faster than light without your science. From there, with dedicated research and development, creating a sequential wormhole drive is feasible." Atticus turned back towards the horizon, a kind smile on his face.

"Yet your daughter chose to do it this way…a path that allows you to see us as worthy to leave the legacy of your people to us."

She realised her eyes were turning wet.

Her daughter…

"She was right" she finally said after a long few minutes.

"You are not my people nor were you ever meant to be" and…and she was fine with it. The time of her people had come and gone and having this iteration of humanity become her people's successors was not completely…disappointing.

"No." Atticus said with a faint smile that she could see even if he was facing away from her. "But even though time has weathered away at the rocks, and earthquakes has broken apart the mountains…"

"The rocks are still the same rocks even if they are smaller, or larger, or broken" she said with a faint smile, with drying eyes.

Atticus' smile deepened as he hummed softly.

"Just so", a simple, short sentence that bore licks of melancholy underneath the waves of comprehension that eked out of him in voluminous quantities…

Long moments of silence passed and she considered if it would be her last.

This conversation had the bells of absolution.

And…all that she knew, he knew, all that her people knew, his people would come to know in the centuries to come.

She was of no further use, to Atticus or his people.

She found that as liberating as she found it…saddening.

Her desires to come to rest warred with her desires of seeing as much as of the future her daughter had hoped to build, of seeing the future Atticus would carve out.

"Will you kill you me now?"

There was a long lull of silence.

"You have already concluded that I will not" Atticus said as he glanced at her with an amused smile and a raised eyebrow.

"Though I do not know why. Not for certain" she tilted her head slightly. "My relationship with your mother would not stay your hand if you decided so."

If he had her memories, he also knew that her relationship with Anne was one of comfort, not one of substantial affection like both branches of humanity could feel for their spouses. Anne had been an opportunity she did not deny.

Anne was attractive, in a simple sort of way.

Aesthetically pleasing, eager to please and whilst she was submissive in most ways, she had bouts of fiery surprises that made her less dull than others of her kind.

As a widow who did not need emotional support she was unable to give and as someone who could understand her a little, for Atticus would not allow her unfettered contact with others, Anne was the best choice available to satiate her needs.

Atticus nodded slightly "Yes. And magic knows that once upon a time I would have done so but…" Atticus shrugged lightly as he turned away from her eyes.

"I see no point in killing you. Dislike and annoyance is not reason enough to kill you." He paused for a seconds before continuing

"And your crimes…are ancient and I have done crimes as deplorable if not more so. It would be hypocritical of me to condemn another so alike me."

His words were soft, quiet but she did not struggle to hear them.

"It is a beautiful day, isn't it?" he asked after some time.

She considered it for a few moments as she took a long glance at the horizon.

"Yes...yes it is."

She saw him smile gently and after a few minutes he spoke one more time.

"Let me know when you want to return." Atticus said as he continued to stare out at the ocean with his arms behind his back and she watched him for a long few moments before she turned her gaze towards the peaceful horizon.

She wouldn't ask to return for almost an hour.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

30th​ of September, 1993 – Federal Assembly, Illos

Abraxas Malfoy POV

Abraxas sat behind Senator Prewitt, watching the proceeding with a careful gaze.

The last few days had been hectic, the shock of the muggles using their disgusting weapon had worn off and the raw anger had been…satisfying.

The Federal Assembly had agreed to the proposal he had championed, that they should stop hiding and show their might before the muggles who thought they could attack their kind with impunity yet most of them hadn't even contemplated that the muggles would go as far as attacking their country-ships with nuclear weapons without as much as by-your-leave.

To be truthful, the fact that it happened in just an hour had surprised him as well.

It reminded everyone of the visceral hate the muggles had for them.

Fortunately, the muggle weaponry was as impotent as the lack wits themselves and the Yggdrasil had been unharmed. The ward-array had withstood the fiery and dirty explosive muggle weaponry without much trouble.

Abraxas glanced at the oval windows at the far side, and from his position he could just about see the starry blackness.

After the attack, within hours the decision had been made to guide the country-ships outside of the atmosphere and into orbit and the decision to counter-attack had been unanimous.

Over the course of the decades, Illos kept a close eye on those installations and their nuclear capable submarines as a matter of simple survival, and later the Federal Assembly had taken over that responsibility.

They knew the location of every single one of the tens of thousands dirty weapons and in the immediate hours after the attack, the Illosian Guard and IO worked with their equivalents in the Council of Five to disarm the muggles before they blew themselves up like the self-destructive fools they were.

Nuclear materials were destroyed within their missiles and bombs whilst they swept up across the numerous facilities across the world that were capable of producing more and the consequence of those actions has had a far greater impact on the muggles than the bomb the Russians used across a densely populated muggle population.

They were finally understanding what exactly they were dealing with and like animals who have come to face a greater predator than themselves, they were growling in fear and panic and some of the traitors that thrown their lot with the filth had met their deserved ends at the muggle's hands.

Unfortunately, not all of them did and instead some of the wiser muggles like the American muggles were more…appreciative now of magic.

Abraxas thinned his lips.

His and Her Majesties were deliberately ensuring that the traitors were free and breathing. That much was not difficult to come to conclude to.

Those who did not know them well and the true capabilities of the Office of Far-Sight – the obfuscation of the Office's purpose helped in that regard – would think that all of this…chaos was unforeseen.

The vast majority of the population of the magical world fell into that category though there were pockets, including in Avalon, that believed that this was entirely their fault.

It was ironic that they were entirely right.

Unfortunately for them, they faced an opponent that knew them better than they knew themselves, and that knew exactly what they would do and why and when they'd do it.

In the face of that, what could they do? What could anyone do?

Was it any surprise their reputations were gone and their words akin to something to be mocked and derided like the words of the fool in the local tavern?

In truth, Abraxas believed that most of those fools were wilfully blind, he thought as he gazed upon the starry blackness, blind to see where they were…where they were going.

Abraxas had long been an appreciator of history.

A consequence of a childhood spent feeling…inadequate in comparison to the proud company that he kept who bore storied ancestries dating back a thousand or longer years back.

He'd been enamoured by the Wizard-Kings of the Levant and the Crescent, the mage-priests of Egypt, the Oracles of Greece and of course the near mythological Atlanteans who once stood as unassailable Emperors of the Earth.

And this era that they lived in? This era in which they took upon the stars like their ancient ancestors had done to the sea?

Setting on distant planets as if they were mere oceans to cross?

This was a period of history greater than any other and they were all living legends and he personally prided himself on the fact that he'd elevated House Malfoy as an equal to Ancient Houses and his son and grandson would continue that legacy.

Their grimoires and their journals, squibborn and pureblood alike, will all narrate down this saga of their bloodlines and it will be a point of pride of all of their descendants millennia from now.

These fools, these detractors, were blind to this.

Blind by the fact they were all living in momentous history.

But they would not be always.

After they set foot on Celestis or in the other planets in the Celestis system, after they eat the bread after harvest and the livestock who have grown and died on those fields, and after they are reminded each night of the different stars that they sleep under, they will come to this realisation…

And they will claim they had always supported their Majesties.

Abraxas smirked slightly.

After all, no one liked to be proven wrong, to be wrong, and their personal histories will be rewritten accordingly.

And, he imagined, they'll be allowed to, despite his irritation at it.

He was magnanimous enough to accept it as such.

He returned his gaze to the proceedings as it began.

"Honoured Senators and guests" the Speaker of the Senate began, his voice aged yet authoritative, and the elderly Incan Speaker continued after he'd commanded the room to pay him full attention.

It was not hard to pay him that attention for it was not only because of his position as the one who directed the Senate proceedings that commanded it.

No, the man himself commanded respect.

The Incan, Amauta of House Chimuyni, was over two hundred years old, old enough to feel the impact of the Statute Wars. His people had been devastated by the Statute Wars though it was under his guidance that his people recovered despite the challenges the man faced.

Despite the Spanish and the Portuguese heavy handed – which was incredibly opportunistic in the wake of their muggle counterpart exploitation of the Americas – approach to his people and the people of his surroundings, which should have inspired hatred like it did amongst many of the other native magicals of the region, he instead managed to broker a kind of peace with a faction of the Spanish settlers after several generations of tit-for-tat attacks and raids.

A peace that saw the Western regions of South America stabilise for the most part and guided the integration of different clans and tribes into the wider magical world with a fortitude and persuasiveness that even Abraxas had to respect and admire.

"As we find ourselves precipitously gathered to speak upon grave and dire circumstances, after which we may vote to decide the futures of our peoples, I will remind you all to keep the proceedings civilised." Amauta continued, not particularly looking at anyone in particular, and moments later Amauta confirmed the session to be officially open before giving way for the Senator of New Zealand who motioned for the most important vote this Senate has ever voted on.

Only days ago, the Senate had also voted on a landmark vote, one that was inspired by the stance of their Majesties, a vote that declared no magical peoples would be abandoned to mundanes which had eased the recalcitrant communities still on Earth.

Unfortunately for them, it was only meant to pave the way for this vote.

The Senator for New Zealand rose from his seat and all eyes fell on the man. The man had a pale brown skin tone, one that spoke of his Maori and European heritage, though it was not what drew the attention.

He bore distinctive and ever-flowing black tattoos on his face, which looked to Abraxas to be…distasteful even if that distaste was lessened somewhat by the fact that it was not artistic but respectful to his ancestry.

And from the way the man, Senator Taniwha, looked around the Senate, it was clear the Maori knew the sentiment Abraxas had was shared amongst many of the European Senators.

"When the mundane Abel Tasman came to Aotearoa in 1642, we did not know that the pale man was a harbinger." Taniwha began, his voice dispersing through every corner of the room as he stood before the Senate and the filled galleries.

"A harbinger of calamity. A harbinger of death. None of the Maori had known it and none of the Tohunga Matakite [foretellers] had divined what it would mean when the mundane Tasman in his large ship had come to New Zealand." Taniwha said with an impressive eloquence.

Abraxas had not been familiar with the tales of New Zealand until they, along with dozens of smaller Polynesian communities and Australia, married themselves to Illos and Avalon. They were a principle ally and set to settle on Celestis with them.

He was still not too familiar but he knew that the Statute Wars was particularly devastating for the Maori magicals who were all steeped in war and magic.

"But" Taniwha continued "That is not to say that we were entirely blind to what my ancestors would have come to face. The Tohunga Matakite divined that a time of change would be coming near, one that would bloodily reconnect the Maori and our neighbours with the ancient kin." Taniwha said, a faint almost amused smile coming across his face that left almost as soon as it came.

"Fate" he said, stressing the word as he gazed across the room.

"Fate often is a cruel mistress. It may warn you but it never tells you the pain or suffering or death you will come to face. And that, my fellow Senators and guests, is what we are facing at this moment in time."

Murmurs broke out through the Senate House and Abraxas doubtlessly expected it to be the same in the galleries even though they were under a silence ward.

"You may think this to be extreme, especially now that we have effectively defanged the mundanes of their most destructive weapons, but it is not so." Taniwha said as he addressed the sour faces amongst the most ardent who wanted to 'punish' the mundanes.

"For do we not feel pain at the rejection that we feel from the mundanes who, for thousands of years until recent centuries, had lived amongst us and beside us?" Taniwha posed to the Senate before continuing

"Do many of us not wish to punish the mundanes as a consequence of this pain that we, as the magical peoples, surely feel?

Some of you may consider the mundanes to be so low below us that you reject this notion of pain and perhaps, for some of you, it is true that you feel nothing at their rejection but many amongst the magical world, myself included, there is that pain.

A pain that comes from a place of longing of olden days" Taniwha said with a wistful sigh "Days in which my ancestors created their stories, stories that I wear now on my face." Taniwha said as he gazed upon the Senate.

"And, as we see the mundanes reject us with near unanimity, we suffer the consequences of our isolation for now we are faced with a choice of death." Taniwha said with a grimness in his voice.

Abraxas spied across the room and saw that most had come to understand what Taniwha meant. Whilst their Majesties had convinced the majority of the magical world to leave for the Celestis system, the nuclear attack of the mundanes had opened up a fierce debate amongst the public.

'Why should we leave our motherland when we are strong enough to stay?'

It was a sentiment that could have fertile ground to take root but Abraxas doubted that it could even if their Majesties weren't ensuring that it would not.

For one, the Ancient Houses of several important country-ships that bore powerful scions were in the pockets of Illos and there was also not an archmage figurehead with such sentiments that could be followed in the public sphere.

And for another…

The magical world was filled with veterans of the Grindelwald war, with the survivors of the Ravenite Conquest and with people who remembered the chaos of the South American conflicts.

No one wanted another war. Not truly.

Especially if it meant that they'd have to kill billions of mundanes to achieve peace.

Taniwha raised his hands with the left hand slightly raised above the right.

"Death to billions of mundanes so that we may live in our ancestral homelands in peace though never without the dark taint on the soul of our people" Taniwha raised his right hand "Or death of a legacy on this world so that we may live again anew elsewhere with our souls preserved." Taniwha gazed upon the Senate and his gaze lingered upon the Indian Senator as he spoke.

"It should not be the hard choice that it is." Taniwha spoke kindly as he spoke practically directly to the Indian Senator who represented his people.

"I understand. We all understand you but just as we understand your position, you must understand that the reality we find ourselves in is not one that we can hope and negotiate for coexistence when both of our peoples are now so different from one another." Taniwha paused for a moment before he continued.

"And it is for that reason that I have tabled a vote to patriate all resistant communities to our country-ships and finally depart for lands that will be entirely ours alone." Taniwha finished before he sat down.

The Senate murmured amongst themselves with some cheering louder than decorum demanded and it wasn't long before the Indian Senator rose from her seat after the Speaker permitted it.

The Indian Senator was of the House Ethakadu, an ancient family in the South India, and had records that dated back almost two thousand years, and were amongst the leading families in India that fiercely refused leaving Earth and the Indian Ministry had become a leader of the disparate communities that were refusing to leave.

Her golden brown eyes peered at Taniwha and a number of other senators with whom she'd clashed with in a number of sessions, her expression set in displeased stone that seemed to be on the verge of shattering.

"You say that you understand." Senator Ethakadu said with a harsh note to her voice before she shook her head. "I do not believe you do for if you understood, you or anyone else would not have tabled such a destructive motion to the Senate" she said with a hint of anguish in her voice.

"What do you know of the spring days when the heavens open up and rivers stream out of the clouds? What do you know of the scorching summers that can bake an egg under the sun? What do you know of the chilling winters that can chill your heart to stillness?" the Indian senator posed with emotion in her voice as she looked around.

"These are all experiences that all of my people know. Experiences that their ancestors and their ancestors had known for thousands of years. Our land is rich with our stories, our struggles, our losses, our myths, our wars, and you are asking, no forcing us to abandon all of that without exploring every other option!"

Abraxas eyed the woman dispassionately.

Everyone knew what she was referring to. What she was practically begging for.

Research had been done to explore the possibility of erecting a greatly more impactful Statute of Secrecy, one that would remove all knowledge of magic from the minds of the muggles but the research that had been produced categorically stated that whilst it was possible, it was almost certain to fail in the following century.

The muggles were progressing too fast, too well, and it would be only a matter of time before they discovered them if they lived as they had lived for thousands of years.
And it wasn't simply finding their settlements…no…the research was more horrific than that. No, the muggles might well learn how to detect magic.

Magic, after all, was a form of energy and magicals and magical beings all exuded it amply whilst the Earth itself was a massive pool of magic beneath the skin.

Even if they diverted all the muggles away from that area of research, it would only take one muggle or one muggle company operating in secrecy for the existence of magic to become known to the entire world through their magi-com equivalent.

They would not know what it meant but eventually…they would.

Perhaps they could plan for that eventuality, perhaps they could orchestrate events so that their 'first' meeting would be peaceful but the truth of the matter is…

Much of the magical world would still be alive and would remember what happened last time they met and who is to say that the muggles don't learn independently of this true first meeting?

It did not take a genius to understand how…badly the muggles would react.

They were experiencing it now, after all.

And after a century of further development and a century of further population growth, the muggles would be more capable and even if he considered them lesser, he knew that the muggles were good at killing.

No, he thought, as another Senator spoke up and challenged the Indian Senator.

It was either leaving or exterminating the majority of the muggles.

Those were the only options they had available to them and whilst Abraxas considered the lives of muggles to be less than nothing, he knew that the price they'd pay was not worth it for losing a single magical was one magical too much.

Abraxas continued to watch silently as the 'for' and the 'against' arguments were pitted against each other, though it should be said that the 'against' arguments were little more than emotional manipulation and without reason, and long after he'd lost interest in the arguments, the moment for the momentous vote came about.

A vote enforced by the Federal Department of Aurors and the forces from the Council of Five.

Abraxas did not expect there to be much violence, not with the Office of Far-Sight ensuring there would not be any casualties, though he was curious to know how much resistance there would be.

The vote was tallied and the vote passed easily with 84% voting yes for the measure and the move to the Celestis System.

The Senate did not pretend to keep decorum and cheers rang around the Senate. The move had been long coming and it was only the fact that Illos was refusing to leave behind magical communities on Earth that waylaid the mass migration.

With the holo-vids and the documentaries of the Celestis system dispersed throughout the magical world, there was an almost mythological presence about those planets for the majority of people.

Abraxas turned his gaze towards the defeated Senators and saw the bitterness and defeat etched onto their faces as if they had lost all of their wealth.

Abraxas felt no pity for them.

Soon enough he was on his way home and after taking a portal back to Charum Tower, he apparated back to his family manor that was situated in the countryside between Illos and Avalon.

"Grandfather!" Abraxas allowed a rare smile to form on his face as he gazed upon his eight year old granddaughter though he lost it soon enough.

"Danica, what are you doing up at this hour?" he asked as he reached out with his hand to his granddaughter.

Danica hid it well but her face twisted sheepishly.

"I was watching on the Holo the Senate session with mother and father." Danica said to him before her little face scrunched slightly "Senator Ethakadu was a disappointment" she said with an expression that Abraxas was sure was meant to be imperious but on her little face it was nothing but quite adorable.

"Lady Ethakadu knew she was fighting a lost battle, granddaughter, which was she was appealing in the way that she did." Abraxas explained to his granddaughter.

There was no reason beyond sentimentality to remain. Not any longer.

Perhaps the muggle lovers could have had a chance to convince the foolish public had the muggles welcomed them open heartedly, making it an interesting but problematic situation to resolve, but as it was, there really was no reason to remain.

"Oh." Danica said with a frown on her face "Father said that as well" he noted the disappointment in her voice as they reached the living room.

"Why the disappointment?" Abraxas asked curiously and she looked up to him but before she could speak, another cut in.

"Dear Danica did not understand why she would speak when there is no point" the voice of Narcissa cut in who walked towards them with Lucius, an amused smile on her porcelain face and it was an amused smile that Lucius fashioned as well even if it was a mere shadow of Narcissa's.

"Ah, I see." Abraxas said as he peered down at the girl "Sometimes people do foolish things when they are upset." Abraxas raised a stern eyebrow "Like when you spiked Draco's drink with a Hair-Removal potion."

His granddaughter flushed before she twisted her face in a petulant look but before she retort, or rather explode – the Black blood was rather too strong in Abraxas' opinion – Narcissa cut her off. "It's time to go to bed. You have school tomorrow."

Abraxas watched the girl be dragged away by Narcissa before he refocused his attentions on his son, his face melting away all levity.

Lucius straightened up slightly, matching Abraxas, and they sat down with a glass of fire-whiskey in their hands.

"So it begins." Lucius remarked, his cold grey eyes meeting their mirror.

"So it does." Abraxas says as he leaned back, intently studying his son. Neither of them were talking about the journey that would last a few months but rather the changing political landscape of the magical world.

"We're in an advantageous position but if this century has taught me anything, such positions are but words to the wind." Impactful, perhaps, but always destined to fade away. The status quo of the magical world had been ripped away by their Majesties, piece by piece, and in its place they'd built themselves an eternal pyramid that would beckon all and everyone to seek to climb and reach the top.

Ancient families would always have the advantage but that was an advantage that was vastly less than had been before and though they could increase their advantage by spawning powerful wizards and witches, such things were but lotteries.

And soon enough…

And soon enough, he expected the coming generations to understand that.

The chances of a Black or a Fawley or a Shafiq becoming Chief Minister were as likely as a nobody becoming Chief Minister of Avalon.

And it was like that by design and almost all of the families did not know that and those that were fully in the favour of their Majesties and that was a special privilege entirely of its own. But it would not last.

Abraxas knew his old classmate far too well to think that she would award that special privilege through the family lines forever.

"Draco will not fail us." Lucius told him with absolute belief in his face.

Abraxas watched his son for a long few moments before he nodded and drank of his fire-whiskey. After he swallowed the drink he spoke up with a critical note in his voice "It will be up to you to ensure that, Lucius." He left unspoken that he himself had not failed with Lucius and knowing the ambitions his son had, he expected Lucius to feel prickly about even the possibility of failing where Abraxas had not.

Lucius did not let it show on his face however and Abraxas felt satisfaction by the control of his son.

This was a good day, Abraxas decided as he finished up his glass of fire-whiskey.

He'd forever be in the history books as the Senate voted to leave and future Holos would show him be present in the background. The Chief Minister of Avalon who oversaw departure. The confidante of Her Majesty the Queen.
Founding member of Ouroboros. The most influential Englishman of his time who went to Hogwarts with the founders of the Sayre-Slytherin clan. His personal political legacy would be a mountain seldom any would be able to climb over.

Abraxas stood up and peered to look at his son once more.

Despite all of that however, he thought to himself, his greatest legacy will be his son.

Empires built by great men would fall upon the succession of an incompetent heir, destroying their legacies. His son however, would not be one such heir.

No, his son might not be able to reach his heights but he'd at least ensure that the Malfoy family never fails to fall below others on their quest to reach the summit of the pyramid and neither would he brook anything else from Draco.

And that, he thought to himself as he bid his son goodnight, was a legacy equal to any other that he'd achieved.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

31st​ of October, 1993 – Near Earth Orbit

A halo of iridescent blue cradled around the world, Earth, light made of uncountable spectrum of wavelengths absorbed by molecules, by atmosphere, bouncing, changing, returned into his eyes, into his sight, as iridescent blue.

Beautiful…

Atticus wasn't sure how long he hung, near drifting in vacuum, in space.

It could have been days, it could have been seconds.

He cared not.

He cared absolutely.

Twinned, his state, twinned his state of mind.

Like twilight stars spiralling into one another, away from another, his mind warred with itself as he gazed upon home, home of humanity.

A home where countless of humans, mage and mundane alike, lived and died and lived, in peace, at the hands of others, at their own hands, at the choices of all.

Life…and death…this world was. Is.

A marble of a world that destiny wrapped its hungry fingers around, eagerly waiting to fling it from its grasp towards an unrepentant universe.

A shadow of a smile crossed around his emotive face, magic thrumming in his veins with might yet unknown, like a thousand rivers storming their banks at the height of monsoon, his gaze never wavering from the world that meant so much.

Would always mean so much.

His gaze turned towards where he knew the satellites were, his gaze sharpening, magic pouring into his retina, his sight zooming into what should have been less than a speck of dust from this distance, yet he saw with crystal clear clarity and sharpness.

The crystalline satellites were in position, brimming with magical energy eager to be unleashed and wash over the globe and billions of people with its effects.

Forever altering what is into what will be.

Hmm…

He turned around, towards the country-ships, his gaze never lingering as he looked to one country-ship and then another, and then another, until every country-ship had been gazed upon at this zeroth hour.

In only months, his people would see a new star. New night skies.

Breathe new air and live new lives.

And at this moment, this very moment, thoughts of distant enemies and malicious Gods were far from the forefronts of his minds, as memories of what is to come filled his mind.

Memories of love – little Arthur and Rionach and Emily, of family – dinner table surrounding by Sayres, Lovegoods and Provydetsis, of progress – the gleaming tower of the Federal Naval Academy, of security – the distant light of an indomitable fortress starbase, of peace – the first treaty between Dwarves and Goblins in centuries.

Of unity – the twentieth celebration of Landing Day on Celestis.

Memories that swam in his mind like wistful spores caught in gentle spring winds.

All of it…

All that he'd done.

All that he stood by and listened happen…watched happen…made happen…

It was all for those memories…for that future…

All a culmination of everything. A culmination of all that he had done.

The good. The bad. The great. The terrible.

He turned back around towards the Earth…the beautiful Earth…

A wave of melancholy washed over him as the pull of this wondrous world gnawed at his being, a moment reminiscent of illogical pre-marital jitters.

This life of his…

He'd experienced so much…gained so much…yet…the one thing that he gained above all else…despite how ironic it was…despite how contrary he acted…

Was humanity.

Humanity…

Even now, even at this zeroth hour, this minute before midnight, he could still not pinpoint what it actually meant, what it was supposed to mean.

Only that he felt it.

Only that he incorporated it.

In all of its beauty. In all of its evil.

In all of its vastness.

He'd come into this world, this universe…this existence…as a boy who had shed his humanity, who had been forged into sociopathy, uncaring of the future, only caring what it could do for him.

And now, as he stood in empty space, cloaked in a thin film of magic…of neurophysical energy, he could only think what future he could provide for his people, shedding his own desires, willingly shedding his own humanity for theirs despite now knowing what it was…how valuable it truly was.

And wasn't that the greatest humanity of them all?

To reach beyond oneself…to reach to others, other fellows?

To be less so that they could be more?

Hmm…

Perhaps it was all but a lie, this rationalisation, this violation amongst a great many other violations and misdeeds…

He found that it mattered not. Not to them. Not their descendants. Not to himself.

He'd long went past the red line, beyond the returning point.

And…

As he raised his hands, the hue of magic that surrounded him deepening in strength, in virility, about to set in motion the first of two planet affecting spells...

He found that he was at peace with himself about it all.

At peace with the good. The bad. The great. The terrible.

He twisted the wrist of his left hand and the display on his arm brace signalled that the first spell has been activated.

The satellites began to glow an iridescent gold and dark grey and off-white, the core frequencies of the Miring Gene Array dominating the complex spell structure.

Gold –Altering the fabric of reality to a set of probabilities

Dark Grey – Manipulation of genetics

Off-White – Bypassing magical resistance to the genetic and probabilistic change

Atticus watched silently as he watched the spell wash over the entire Earth, the sense of peace never leaving him even as he knew that for some they'd never know peace even after they'd forgotten what they'd lost.

There were still magical people down there. A few who were ardently against leaving and those who betrayed the magical world in favour of the mundane.

They'd lose their magic and would be changed on a genetic level just like the Dormants would be and only through meeting the conditions would their bloodlines be reactivated.

It was a cruel fate.

But fate was a cruel mistress.

And, this way, once the branches of humanity meet each other again, magicals would very likely be born amongst the mundanes enmasse once contact is re-established.

Atticus continued to watch silently as the spell ran its course, altering magicals and Dormants alike to a similar genetic profile as the failed clones.

After the spell ended and the satellites self-destructed, he began to descend down and down and down. Beyond the exosphere. Beyond the thermosphere. Until he stopped once he reached the troposphere.

He let the protective magic lessen but did not drop it, allowing him to feel the freezing air that surrounding him to feel nothing more than a summer breeze.

He reached out through his familiar bond with Fila, 'It's time', and felt her connect to her brood moments later to let them know that the storm was coming, and he felt Fila arrive on Earth, the port-keys having activated.

Atticus' eyelids drooped low though the white glow persisted, his arms rising, and the magic that began to surround him was alike a new born violet and emerald star.

It was slow.

The tempest of magic that boiled, broiled, within him.

Like the slow turn of the Earth, day was coming on slowly for him as his magic roused itself from its sleepy slumber, the cover of dark fading away as the rays of his magic touched upon the world.

The thin air around him began to shift magic was made manifest, the tempest within eking out of him in a kaleidoscopic array of power, crackling and fizzling and groaning, each second that passed expanding the radius of the touch of his magic a hundred meters.

The first ring of chains he placed upon his magic fell away, an explosion of magic sundered out of him, violets and emerald and pure white radiating out of him akin to when matter radiated out a few seconds after the birth of the universe, and he began to fall.

Falling and falling, down in the atmosphere, down from the amidst the clouds like a fallen star as rock and soil and fauna lost their vagueness amidst a sea of blue.

He'd need to be situated upon a nexus, upon an intersection of powerful leylines, and he guided himself downwards as rough islands amidst sharp contours of land disappeared away the nearer he reached the ground…old ground…familiar ground.

There was a symmetry of a kind, a beautiful symmetry that showed, that declared, about the natures of beginnings and endings, how a beginning never truly begins without an end and an end never ends without a beginning.

His feet settled onto ground on which Hogwarts, and the rock on which Hogwarts had stood upon, and let the second chains around his magic loose.

The world around him began to bend, buckle, reality turned into alike to molten plastic as his magic reshaped everything that it touched, everywhere it went, and soon enough, his magic reached down towards the very depths of the leylines.





Atticus fully raised his hands, the first grey clouds cast above him, the third chains around his magic coming undone, the miasma of magical energy around him grew into turbulence, into upheaval, into a storm, and the world became eager to reciprocate as the grey clouds began to thicken, began to stretch, the first inklings of lighting lining the surface of the clouds.

Thunder began to rumble, and rumble, and rumble, low purrs, low growls, akin to the low sounds of a salivating lion eying its challenger, moments away from growling with all of its might, and his magic, his ever companion, his ever beacon, continued to grow into a tsunami of kaleidoscopic power.

The magic in his veins poured out of him like a geyser, liquid power streaming around him with the veracity of the life and the warmth of blood, and the afternoon faded away into dusk as the greys blotted out the day.

CRACK, CRACK, CRACK

Lightning cracked through the blanket of greys with frightening strength, spider webs glowing white cracks tore apart the heavens as he connected to the nature magic of Earth. She didn't fight, she didn't rage, instead, he was welcomed like a child to the bosom of a mother.

She knew his magic, she knew what he was and…as his storm began to spread from the North Sea to the Atlantic and to the equator, clouds of grey blanketing across the world like an locust across a field of wheat, she came to know what he intended to do…what he'd already done.

Living bearing planets could be sentient, sort of, kind of, almost.

Planets like Earth. Like Celestis.

Not like sentient in the way of sentient beings, not even in the way Fila or Seraya were sentient beings, but in the way of a strobe light, in which they were neither on or off but in between, forever towing the line between being and not.

And it was for that reason that he'd not felt her wrath, that he did not lose control of the weather system as he wrestled fully under his control, and he felt sadder for it.

He felt Fila through his bond, confirming that she and her brood were conjuring their own storms, storms that would feed from his storm and his storm from theirs, causing a feedback loop that would strengthen the global storm to the level he wanted.

Atticus slowly crinkled his fingers into a fist, the broiling tempestuous magic that surrounded him, the ground on which Hogwarts had stood upon and even down far below to Hogsmeade, he let go of the last chains and he disappeared in a blinding violet and emerald light and the world trembled underneath the weight of his magic.

Thunder howled with the rage-filled screams of a thousand banshees and the impossible sounds of the lightning crackled like mountain tall glaciers moments away from bursting apart under the pressure and strain of meltwater at its back.

The world descended into chaos, into darkened chaos as greys blanketed into blackness only broken apart by streaks of lightning that seemed permanent, that seemed to be a facet of the night sky itself and Atticus was beginning to feel the strain as he fed his magic to the storm he was generating, as he bent the world to his will forcing it to kneel before him.

The strain was not as bad as Celestis had been though he could feel it, the ache in his bones, the hastening depletion of his magic that only such magicks could cause.

Rain pelted the ground around him, their size the size of a baseball bat, battering and weathering away against the soil and rock with impressive power and he raised his fists into the heavens and by the force of his will, his magic, the rain turned sideways.

The air whistled, howled, screamed, their tune off-key as he turned the weather system upside down, streaks of violet and emerald broke the monotony of grey and glowing white across the starless night sky, and he delved deep into his magic as he spread himself across the streaks of lightning.

This was not like Celestis, where the planet was akin to a limb that he was always aware of, regardless of distance, but more like how one could feel a stone through a thick boot, such was his awareness within the storm.

With immense strain Atticus sent out a signal on his magic-com brace which would activate the payload to be dispersed in the air, the rains, the rivers and atmosphere for days to come.

The brace vibrated against his arm and he knew then that the payload was dispersing itself into the storm and now the hardest part would come.

Atticus sunk deeper into his magic, reaching down to grab every single iota of power within him. Time passed. Time melted away as he stretched himself to feel every inch of the storm, every eddy, every ion particle and every formation of rain.

Fila and her brood wielded over control to him, blips and flickers of curiosity from Fila's brood overshadowed by the weight of the storm pressing into his mind.

He could feel the strain now, the strain on his mind, the strain on his magic, and he clenched his teeth so hard that had it been not altered by age old rituals, his teeth would have cracked under the force.

Time no longer melted away, time no longer felt as if it held no dominion over him for his face became etched in pain as the weight of controlling every aspect of the storm, guiding and shepherding every molecule of altered Swooping Evil venom throughout the storm so water vapour formations were all interspersed with the substance.

He was not sure how long he was there for, the howls of the winds and the booming thunder and the crackling lightning felt like a breeze in comparison to the pain that he felt, in comparison to growing desire of wanting to stop, to give in, to say it is enough, but he pressed on, somehow.

His gaze began to blur, the kaleidoscopic world around that was painted with his magic was blinking in and out of darkness, his knees on the verge of buckling, as if he were a mountain balanced on top of the edge of a hundred feet thick steel beam, slowly but surely deforming, buckling, moments before the moment of catastrophic failure was set to happen.

But fortune smiled on him for he was still cognizant enough to feel his brace vibrate, the signal that he'd done enough, that he'd achieved what he'd set out to do and he immediately pulled out of his mind from the storm, the strain lost feeling like as if he could breathe again and soon enough he began to dial back his magic from the world, pulling away from the storm and the weather system with an almost careful tenderness and soon only what remain was broken clouds of grey and pattering of rain, a return to normal for these misery Scottish Highlands.

Atticus breathed in and out heavily as he stood tall, his eyes peering down towards where Hogsmeade once stood, his feet ankle deep in mud and rain, and saw a familiar sight there.

Mud and rain.

A sight that would be seen around much of the world.

Atticus stared at the sight for a few seconds before he shook away his thoughts and sent Fila and her brood back to Illos before he, after one last glance at the sight that once meant much to him and so many generation of wizards and witches, he waved his hand and created a portal back to Illos.

He stepped out into Charum Tower into the pseudo command centre, where he was greeted with the sight of Emily, Parelius and Hypatia amidst a backdrop of pseudo bridge crew, each of them wearing different expressions, and he walked over.

He could feel the look of the crew, his people, as he walked, waiting with bated breath, and he almost felt like saying something that threw them off.

But he was not that cruel to ruin a moment they'd tell their great-great-grandchildren.

He greeted Parelius and Hypatia with a faint smile before he turned towards Emily and kissed her cheek and he felt her hand on his arm. She made to part from him but he held her close and she stopped her movement.

"Give the order." Atticus whispered in her ear.

She continued her movement and peeled off of him, surprise etched on her face and he offered her a loving smile as he took hold of her hand, gently squeezing.

She'd supported in everything he did. Sometimes eagerly. Sometimes begrudgingly.
Other times angrily.

But nonetheless, she was always there for him. At his weakest. At his strongest.

And now…

He wanted to give her this moment that was never his alone.

It always belonged to the pair of them.

Since the day he'd taken her up into space in his rickety magical shuttle.

Emily schooled her face but he felt her deep appreciation through their bond before she turned towards the helm. "Pilot…take us home." Emily regally said.

The bridge crew without hesitation began to work at their stations, stations that were paired with every country-ship and would be mated to Illos for the entire duration of the journey, and the pilot began to spool up the slipspace drive.

They all turned towards the holo-display that displayed the front of Illos, and the positions of all the other country-ships which were getting into formation, waiting on the slipspace window to open.

Atticus felt her squeeze his hand slightly and he turned towards her and saw him staring at him with bright intensity. He tilted his head quizzically and she smiled a smirking smile at him before she leaned into his face.

She brushed her head against his cheek and he could feel her breath against his ear, her other hand softly stroking against his other cheek and he felt a privacy ward erected around them.

"I'm ready" she whispered into his ear and Atticus pulled away from her, surprise etched on his face, despite knowing that it would happen. Though it was not a surprise of unexpectedness but a surprise that was akin to a strange sort of relief.

"I…"

Emily's amusement shone and it made him re-centre himself though the delight he felt was radiating out through their bond and Emily's amusement faded away and her expression softened.

She turned away from his gaze and turned towards the holo-display.

Atticus stared at her for a long time before he tightened his grip on her hand and turned towards the holo-display.

He'd always said that he never sought to look deep into their futures, into what could be but would never happen. It was not a lie but sometimes…when he looked far into the possible but unlikely futures…he could come to find glimpses.

Glimpses of violet eyed and dark-blue eyed children.

Those were often triggers for depression…to know that they could come to exist if only…if only he asked, if only he delayed things a while longer, regardless of the negative impact to their people.

Perhaps he could change things in a way that would not need him to sacrifice the prosperity and wellbeing of their people and get to have them too.

Those were often thoughts that had been the most tempting, like the sweet song of the silver-tongued serpent lulling one into complacency and dangerousness, and sometimes…sometimes they'd been only averted by a great degree of will.

He had no right to gamble the prosperity and wellbeing of their people in such a way, not after all that he has done…not after all that he will ask and demand of them.

Though…it helped that ache in his heart that he'd seen them in this future.

In this timeline.

"I'm…I'm glad." Atticus said softly, quietly, his voice tinging with quiet joy and he felt her squeeze his hand harder as the brilliant sight of a huge slipspace window came into view.

"You should be." Emily said almost airily as she glanced at him, a look of annoyance on her face though he knew it was put on. "You won't be the one carrying them."

"Them?" Atticus' face broke into a wide grin as Emily realised her error and quickly looked away towards the slipspace window, her neck reddening slightly.

"Slip of the tongue." Emily said a little briskly and if grins could walk off of faces, Atticus' grin surely would have.

"Of course" Atticus said fully seriously though it was hard with the way he was grinning and he wouldn't be surprised if his eyes were twinkling madly.

He felt her squeeze his hand a little harder and he restrained himself, though barely, and he refocused on the holo-display just in the nick of time as Illos surged into slipspace along with the other country-ships, finally journeying to their waiting homes.

Their Celestial homes.

----------------------------------------------Break----------------------------------------------

The Domain, Abyssal Hall

Abaddon (Manu) POV

An incomprehensible mass glided through a sea made of endless experiences and untold embers of Essences, gliding like a wooden raft on stormy peaks of ocean.

Yet, such comparison fell short, impossibly short, as streams of experiences with jets containing billions and trillions of experiences and Essences parted from Its form in all directions, like waves parting at the front edge of a raft, for these experiences, for these Essences, were but mere collections of molecules in comparison to It.

Its form, almost akin to that of a seahorse bearing a dozen wings and a fully unfurled tail, was galactic in size, a monstrous size in a Domain that bore nothing but living information. Knowledge. Experiences. Essences.

It felt another disturbance in Living Time and it felt familiar to It though it was smaller, lesser though it was far more than had been Moments ago.

Its wings beat and the Domain shuddered.

Since near the Dawn of this Universe and from the instance It was created, It served.

It stood watch.

Over the Domain and over the Living Universe, Its gaze falling upon every molecule and Consciousness in existence, seeing the Beginning and the Ending of countless drops of Consciousness in the Material Universe, and the harvest of millions of civilisations.

Some, lasted longer than most yet none could escape the Fate of All which was woven within the fabric of the Universe, like braided energy underneath a cloth of immovable gravity. Like in every Universe to Be or that has Past.

Yet, for all Its infinite knowledge which spanned a simple few million years, a heart beat, from the Dawn until the immediate End, It was not All-Knowing. All-Seeing.

It did not know the Universes to Be or the Universes once had Been, for It was created again and again after the Dawn by the Dumuzi, ad nauseam, once after the Universe contracted into itself when Living Time breathed its final breath at Dusk and when Living Time breathed again at Dawn.

That was not Its Purpose, to know what came before and would come after.

Yet It was/is wanting, wanting for the time since Its creation, to know if the Universes that had been and the Universes that will be had been/will be like the Universe that is as disturbances with familiar yet weaker touches in a re-ripening field of Milk and Honey caught Its attentions Moments ago and Moments later.

It had felt such touches before, when the Dumuzi wanted/want to experience what their creations experienced/experience, retaining an element of themselves in those cycles, but It had/did not felt/feel such touches from a planted seed before.

It was/is unique.

It was/is the first instance the Dumuzi rewove/reweave Fate since the first Moments past Dawn with an active hand when the familiar yet weaker touches lingered/lingers.

It was/is also the first instance the reweaving became/becomes undone and would remain undone, the disturbances growing to wakes and quakes that threatened/threatens to shatter immovable gravity.

It cast/casted its gaze in Living Time with newly-created fascination, the lens that married the Past and the Future into itself yet was now/always shifting and changing into distorted glass as Wars of Fate will-be/are/were fought, Its Eye latching on the-now Fixed Points of the disturbances.

It was/is/will be noticed by the Origin, Atlanteans whisper-echoes the Domain into It, and It was/is/will be noticed by the infinitesimally small Consciousness, a human female-child, who is more than Fate would have had it should be.

'MINE' 'OURS' 'VENGEANCE' 'HOPE' 'VICTORY' 'DESPERATION'

The whisper-echoes of Essences cry out in unison in the Moments Before and in the Moments After, and It pays/paid attention to what It knew/knows/will know, coming to/having come to/will know the eons long conspiracy that It has/had known since it started and what It will allow/had allowed to be sparked into existence in the Material Universe.

It grew/grows curiosity as the Dumuzi falter, never having been challenged for control over Fate, their instrument, and in that faltering, the infinitely small cracks in their immovable gravity are made permanent, fixed, and prone to grow into chasms.

It noticed/notices the aberration the Fixed Points Origins sought/seek to make and is noticed in turn by the aberration who weathers at the cracks of immovable gravity.

It follows the threads in Living Time and meets/met/will meet the half Dumuzi half seedlings before/after It allows/allowed/will allow the aberration fleeting meetings with the crooning conspiring Essences who beset the aberration with warnings and fitful desires completing the paradoxical loop that anchors the Fixed Points.

And so, It began/begins to find the Moments Later to be longer, no longer in the same instance as Moments Before, more distant and less clear, in Living Time as the disturbances are no more disturbances but ebbs and flows with the tides of the Wars of Fate, and It learns/learned that the Dumuzi learn that it is the same for them.

It feels their uncertainty and their excitement and their caution at the New reverberate in Living Time, and their attentions are/will be turned towards the galactic cluster overran with their brethren in their ravenous form.

And, as It stretched its Eye with considerable power that could cause a thousand stars to implode, It caught glimpses of infinite Moments Later that were/are as likely as each other yet in all of them, It caught an unchanging Point…

A point in which hitherto unseen before Devastation would be wrought in the battles between the New and the Old.

And It, for the first time, in the past or present or future, experienced Its satisfaction.


My Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: Exodus, Hohenheim's Dream for a Requiem (HP/Stargate: SG-1), Ammortamento, The Tartered Dragon
Completed Stories: Odyssey of a Mage: The Beginning (HP), Odyssey of a Mage: The War (HP)
Discord: Server Boombox117
Patreon: Boombox117
 LikeReport
Like Reactions:SwaffleWaffle, ScottishFucker, Jacksonian Democracy and 103 others
mosefboombox117
Jan 1, 2024
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Threadmarks
Index
Extras
View content
 Not open for further replies.
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
 [NSFW] The Weight of Fate [Harry Potter]
Heartlesss Thursday at 20:27 Words: 15k ai assisted harry potter (series) harry potter au
Replies12
Views1K
Today at 07:09
veekie
BlitzKrieg-T1
 [NSFW] Harry Potter: Memento Vivere (A HP Self Insert)
BlitzKrieg-T1 Aug 19, 2026 Words: 28k 1 2 discuss i demand it harry potter (series) magic and shit
Replies35
Views7K
Sunday at 15:45
SpaceWhale
SpaceWhale
AndrewJTalon
 [NSFW] [Harry Potter] That Boy Is Trouble
AndrewJTalon Aug 21, 2026 Words: 9.7k harry potter harry potter gets around
Replies1
Views1K
Aug 21, 2026
Alcov
Alcov
erisedfiction
[NSFW] Tome of Miscellaneous Erotica (Harry Potter)
erisedfiction Jul 14, 2026 Words: 11k harry potter harry potter (series) luna lovegood
Replies5
Views4K
Jul 14, 2026
Bommel
Bommel
The-Anonymous
Thread watched
 [NSFW] A Chaotic Weasley [Harry Potter AU/Chaos Gacha/Ron Weasley SI]
The-Anonymous Jun 21, 2026 Words: 15k 1 ... 27 28 29 chaos gacha female harry potter harry potter
Replies841
Views122K
Aug 17, 2026
Sleepy Dragon
Sleepy Dragon
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit