Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] I, Draugr
 Thread starterMusashi-Chan  Start dateFeb 23, 2024  Tagsconversation make author happy elder scrolls elder scrolls v: skyrim female dragonborn also waifu male protag minor harem? maybe? possible multicross reviews make author giddy serana is waifu
Created
Feb 23, 2024
Status
Incomplete
Watchers
9,375
Recent readers
0
Threadmarks
60
A story where a normal man dies and awakens as an undead being in Skyrim.

And decides to make...
Threadmarks Extras
Statistics (56 threadmarks, 334k words)
Threadmarks
Reader mode RSS 
Chapter 1
Words 5.9k
Feb 23, 2024
Chapter 2
Words 4.6k
Feb 28, 2024
New
Chapter 54
Words 6k
May 25, 2026
Chapter 55
Words 6.5k
Jul 5, 2026
Chapter 56
Words 4k
Jul 9, 2026
1
2
  Next
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 1
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Feb 23, 2024
Add bookmark
#1
A story where a normal man dies and awakens as an undead being in Skyrim.

And decides to make it everyone's problem.​



[You have died.]​

Oh shit, forreal?

You know, I didn't notice that little tidbit even when a fucking train ran me over while I was in the fucking bathroom!

How in the fuck is that even possible?!

We went from Truck-kun to Train-Kun?! Am I the second coming of Tanya then?!

And where the fuck am I!?

I'm in a cold damp cave, obviously. How very observant of me.

And the other obvious thing is that I am a skeleton.

How wonderful.
​
[Race: Lesser Skeleton]

The weakest creature and enemy in existence. Even rats are more troublesome than Lesser Skeletons.​

Aight mate, if you wanna throw hands, just say it. No need to talk shit.
​
[Souls required for Race Advancement – 5]​

Okay, that's good news- Now hold up a fucking second.

I just died, and I ain't feeling much. Am in an Ainz expy or some shit?

I can feel anger and indignation, seen when the lil' bitch pretty much told me I'm weaker than a rat.

But still… Ah, whatever.

What else ya got for me, mate?
​
[Destruction Path – Frost Magic]

The mighty and feared Frost Magic, the power to blanket entire cities in frost and snow, or turn your enemies into ice sculptures.
​
Hn… That does kinda sound familiar, but alright. Always loved Ice Magic in games, so I ain't saying no.
​
[The Cold touch of Death.] (Passive)

As an Undead being, your Frost Magic is far colder and more biting than normal, and it's effects lasts for much, much longer.​

And I got a Buff already! Less goo-!

Actually, do I got a Status-?
​
Race – Lesser Skeleton

Souls; (0)

Skill/s;

[The Cold touch of Death.] (Passive)

Magic Spells;

[Magic Missile] (0/10)

(Magic Spell slot available) x2​

Huh, I do. And it's rather… Simple.

I presume this isn't a 'Hold my hand' System then, like the ones I usually read about in fanfiction.

I have no Levels, and it seems I even have a limited amount of Spell slots.

Can I gain more? Do I create them myself? Can I remove them and create new ones?

Things to test out and find out with time.

But first, time to explore and find out where the fuck I am.

If I got Isekaied, it better be a damn good world.

I'm in a dark tunnel, but I can hear the sound of rushing water coming from both my left and right.

The right side goes up, and the left side goes down, so… Oh well, might as well go down.

I sit up, a bit freaked out by my sheer lack of feelings in everything, but push through either way. I feel like I am breathing, but I am not. What a weird feeling.

I have no sense of feeling or touch. I don't feel cold or uncomfortable. Nor anything else.

How… peculiar.

"Can i- Oh shit, I can talk!" Well, that's good at least. Even though I really shouldn't be able to…

My voice sounds- not similar to my old one. Just very young and with a faint echo to it.

This will take some getting used to.

Either way, I start moving downward, towards the sound of rushing water, and I am a bit surprised at how easily I can move around.

When I turn the corner, I'm met with a strangely familiar sight.

A waterfall and a small rocky bridge going past a large hole right before it, with some light descending down from above.

Hol' up…

I've been through here enough times to easily recognize it even with Real Life Graphics.

I'm inside Bleak Falls Barrow, specifically the area where the Frost Troll resides. The one that spawns if the player is above a certain Level when coming here.

And the room where the secret corpse resides up above.

I step up on the bridge and look up, and true indeed, I see a leg hanging off a rock along the walls.

Thomas, if I remember right. Part of the bandits stationed outside and a mage, given the task to climb up outside Bleak Falls Barrow and use the opening above to snipe down at the Frost Troll with his magic.

Only for him to slip and fall to his death.

As for the Frost Troll… Ah, there it is.

I look off the bridge and see it down below, part of it's fur having been set ablaze by Thomas's magic very likely.

And then in it's panic, the fucking guy fell off the bridge just as Thomas slipped up above.

Now… How do I get Thomas down here? From the looks of it, he isn't wearing normal Bandit gear, but Mage robes.

So obviously I want them. Mostly because I don't like standing here with my bones hangin' out.

Right, I got a Spell, don't I?
​
[Magic Missile] (0/10)

A simple and weak beginner Spell. It can't even kill weak rats on impact.​

A dark blue orb of energy comes into existence on my bony palm, roughly the size of fist.

With a flick of my wrist, it shoots out and impact against the rocky wall with a light sound, neither that fast or insanely slow.

Though it disperses on impact, clearly not having that much power packed behind it.

Then why the fuck would you call this shit a 'Missile'?

Still, those numbers beside it might mean that it has Levels… But how do I level it up? Through constant use?

Or does this need Souls too?

Maybe both?

Again, stuff to find out later.

The question I want answered right now is; Has the Dragonborn been through here yet?

The Bandits and the Thief should be dead if so, hence I'll backtrack and go check on them later.

But first…

Moving past the bridge, I take the other route to descend down, where the Frost Troll corpse is.

The fucker is massive, clearly over three meters tall, and with arms the thickness of my whole body.

This dude for sure could throw mean hands...
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

Hn? But I didn't do anything?

…

I guess I can just take Souls from old corpses then- No wait, this fucker looks fresh.

Huh, he actually is. The blood that came out of it's popped open skull is still wet, so this must've happened recently. Maybe just a little bit before I woke up here.

Then the bandits must surely still be outside… Fuck.

I need a way to protect myself, so I have to come up with some good Spells for my two remaining slots.

But first… This might go to waste, but I need to check if it works-
​
[Magic Missile has Advanced!]

[Magic Missile] (1/10)

A simple and weak beginner Spell. It can't even kill weak rats on impact.
Add Modification!​

Okay, so the numbers beside it are the Levels and it's Limit, and using a Soul will upgrade it by one.

The description didn't change, other than that Modification tidbit.

I presume I can change the Spell just a bit, maybe to reinforce it?

Then… More speed equals more power, so gimme that.
​
[Magic Missile] (1/10)

A simple and weak beginner Spell. It can't even kill weak rats on impact.
Modification; Speed Up!​

Once more, I let the Spell take form in my hand.

Still the same size and color, same everything, but… I watch it rocket against the wall in front of me at more than twice the speed from before.

The loud 'Bang!' the resounds all around from the impact tells me all I need to know.

I can make this shit work.

I'll turn this bitch into a damn RPG, I swear to fuckin' God.

Still, how do I increase my Magicka reserves? From my current estimation, it seems I can only cast Magic Missile five times before I need to recover… Which admittedly doesn't take long.

Perhaps raising the Rank of my Race will do that, so I better save up Souls and hope that Spells can Advance with practice and use too.

I walk back up on the fridge, though I do not know if I should backtrack and clear the Draugrs after the Thief, or keep going until I reach the sealed door.

I don't even know if the other Undead will treat me as a friendly or an enemy, which can make things dangerous as I don't know if there are differences in this Bleak Falls Barrow.

All the corpses stored here can come back and decide to throw hands with the random skeleton before their eyes, not just the few that were present in the game.

Hm…

Fuck it, let's backtrack first-

A faint groan reaches my nonexistent ears – No, seriously, how the fuck can I hear? – bringing me to a slight pause.

What the fuck was that?

I peek down at the Troll, but the corpse is still there, so… I peek up at Thomas, and see the fucker actually standing up.

He… ain't alive though… Ain't no goddamn way he is alive with that caved in skull.

When he turns, I notice that his lone eye is actually glowing blue, much to my surprise.

He became a Draugr? So fast? I know that if corpses are left unattended they become Draugrs here, but I didn't think that it was this fast!

I mean, he must've died barely half an hour ago or so!

And now he just slipped again-

Splat!

Yeeaaaah… He ain't getting up from that. His brain is a bit everywhere now.

…

Oh well, more robes for me!
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

And thank you for your kind death- I mean donation! Who knew I could be so uncaring towards death.

"Still, you better hope you didn't ruin my new robes, dude." His brain is a little bit over there, and over here, and over there too, so it better not be on the damn robes.

They look cool too, black with a strange dark blue chalice mark over the heart. I don't remember such a symbol from the game, nor any mods.

What to do with this dudes Soul though? Shall I save it, or shall I improve my Magic Missile once more?

I need five to improve my race, but I do not know if I get a Soul from everything I kill, else that can be busted and broken as I can just kill animals.

Or perhaps I need to kill stronger beings than animals, like trolls and humans or very strong beasts like Mammoths.

Something to consider.

I set those thoughts aside and swiftly move to strip down the poor idiot that fell to his death twice.
​
[Mana Imbued Robes – Poor Quality]

Robes woven together through materials that basked in Mana. Offers a minor enhancement to Spell powers and Mana Regeneration.​

Interesting… Mana imbued materials, so not Enchanted Forging? Another type of crafting then?

Still, I put the robes on, though I don't feel much of a change. But I do notice a slip of paper on the ground that fell out of my new fancy robes.

'Just like in the game.' That amusing thought runs through my head as my skeletal fingers pick up the folded slip of yellowed paper, then pulls it open.

"Thomas, I do not give a fuck if you are from the Merchant Guild. I am paying you, and as long as I do, you follow my fucking orders, and those fucking orders are to climb up the side of the mountain and ruins, and kill the damn Frost Troll blocking our way deeper in. If you don't like it, me and my ax can come up with a very convincing argument for you."

Huh…

First thing I notice is that I can read this new and different language easily.

The second thing I notice is that the letter is clearly different from the one in the game. A bit similar, but also quite different.

"Merchant Guild…" I presume this chalice symbol is owned by them.

After a few seconds of thinking about it, I reach down and dab my fingers in the puddle of blood left behind by Thomas's death, then stain the blood over the mark so to cover it up.

Just in case I don't find better clothing once and if I get out of Bleak Falls Barrow. I doubt this 'Merchant Guild' will feel happy about a skeleton walking around with their robes on.

Either way, what do I do now? The way back is through the catacombs possibly filled with Draugrs that might or might not be hostile towards me.

The way forward has less Draugrs, and the big boss at the end.

...If they don't act hostile towards me, I may be able to take them out and claim their Souls to strengthen myself, something I really need right now.

I can be killed by a single blow for sure, and don't have any other Spell aside from the Magic Missile one, plus I need to backtrack because the Golden Claw is what I require to go further ahead.

How annoying, I am stuck between a pack of wolves and a wall, and the only way out is through either of them.

I need to see if I draw the hostility of my fellow undead up ahead before I backtrack into a place filled with them. And if I can get my hands on a dagger or ax, then better.

After all, better kill the Draugrs while they are getting up than just wait for them to draw their weapons.

With that plan in mind, I stride forward and into the next tunnel, up a small rise in the ground, take a turn to the left and… there's a Draugr corpse by the entrance to the next hall where a strong Draugr resides.

It's slumped down and lacking any sort of clothing, showing its desiccated corpse. And I do not miss the ax still clutched in its right hand.

Is this the guy that charges at the player on the bridge when they aren't high enough level to make the Frost Troll spawn?

I scratch my body chin as I approach, then come to a pause when the Draugr stirs, blue flames filling its empty eye-sockets and flicking towards me as it slowly rises.

A weak moan leaves its lips, but aside from that? It just stands there and looks at me.

Well, thanks for the assistance then, dude.

A Magic Missile slams into its face while my other hand reaches forward to grab its ax, then yank it out of its hold before it could collapse on the ground.

The blow didn't do much other than cave its face in, but it still tried to stand afterward.

An ax to the head easily stopped that, though.
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

And thank you for your kind donation too. Now I have two Souls in my stock, and need three more to upgrade my Race.

I retrieve the ax from the skull, then step through the opening in the rocks to walk into a hall overgrown by giant roots and webs, yet somehow still lit up by some torches hanging on the walls.

And to the right, far down the hallway and through a gap between some roots, I see the large doors that lead deeper into the tomb.

I at first don't see the Draugr that should be patrolling the front of those doors, but I do once I enter the room filled with massive roots.

Unlike the previous one, his body is clad in some thick yet mostly decayed armor. Only the rusted metal pieces around his shoulder and chest remain, while the rest is mostly gone aside form some stray rags.

He is standing within his upright coffin, but his eyes do light up the moment I approach, and like before, he regards me with a vacant expression without doing anything.

He has a large war-hammer on his back, and if I raise my ax he might go on the offensive… Might as well do the same thing I did to the previous Draugr.

Magic Missile to the face, then ax into the skull.

The magic projectile hits the target head on, caving in his jaw and nose while sending broken teeth fragments everywhere, his head going back and banging against the bottom of his coffin.

His arms uncross, but even that is useless once I put my ax into his skull.

The flames in his eyes die out, and his corpse slumps to the ground.
​
[A Greater Soul has been absorbed!]​

That's… new. A Greater Soul? So there are Soul Tiers like in the game?

No, else the previous Souls I'd have gotten would have been Common Souls, or even Petty or Lesser Souls.

Yet, they were named just Souls. So what is the difference? What makes this one 'Greater'? Why did a creature like the Frost Troll also not give me a Greater Soul?

As if on cue, my answers are given to me.
​
[Greater Soul]

A moderately powerful Soul, owned by either a moderately strong Mage or one who knows the Dragon Language.
When using it as Upgrade Material, it has a value of two Souls.
When using it to upgrade Spells, it has a value of a single upgrade, but grants the ability of adding two Modifications instead of one.​

Ah, so this fucker was either a Mage too, or he could have Fus Ro Dah'ed me into powder. Gotcha.

I wonder why knowing the Dragon Language makes the Soul stronger though, but oh well, I'm not gonna ask questions I can't get answers to right now.

Still, with this Soul I just need to find one more Draugr before I can Upgrade my Race, but…
​
[Magic Missile] (2/10)

A simple and weak beginner Spell. It can't even kill weak rats on impact.
Modification; Speed Up! X3​

The same small orb appears in my hand, then proceeds to scream through the air and – BANG! - Smash a large crack into the wall at the other end of the room.

Pieces of large rocks fall down after powerful impact, satisfying me greatly.

I shall stand on the fact that I am turning this bitch into an RPG.

I need a way to protect myself, and gladly the use of that Greater Soul wasn't a waste, as the speed bonus given from the double modification is quite massive.

I'd say that the increase is either 50% – or maybe even 100% – of the original speed. And luckily enough, it stacks.

Now, to proceed forward and see if I can murder more fellow undead!

Funny how I became a problem to every unliving thing – and probably also living – the moment I came back to life.

Oh well, me mama raised no quitter, so I problem I shall be and remain!

​
xxXXxx​


A simple gut feeling. That was all it took for Aurelia to come to Skyrim.

Her work as a Paladin of Lord Arkay led her around the whole of Cyrodiil to assist as many people as she possibly could with her capabilities, while also smiting any Undead or vile Necromancer in her way.

That is all she wants in life. Do good, and help the people, no matter the reward or the welcoming they give her. Like her parents did.

Yet, the welcoming she got once she stepped foot in Skyrim is by far the worst she ever got in her life, and for the first time it wasn't because of the color of her hair.

First she ran into a group escaping soldiers, then into another group chasing said soldiers. The first one? They just ran past her, much to her confusion.

The second one, clearly clad in very familiar Imperial leather armor or Imperial Iron Armor, instantly tried to arrest her for 'colluding with the rebels'.

Aurelia knew of the rebellion going down in Skyrim – a very foolish one, if she could say so – and it partly fueled her desire to come here and assist the populace like she usually does.

Yet, the Imperials – the soldiers back then looked far too young and inexperienced to be holding a blade – seemed more like tyrants than the ones supposed to help the region.

They attacked her without second thought, their Imperial Captain striking her as a very racist woman with no morals with how she repeatedly demanded she was to be executed for colluding with the Stormcloaks.

Luckily, the General caught up swiftly and was of a more sound mind than the Imperial Captain – he probably recognized the Order she is from – and swiftly allowed her to leave.

She thought that would be the last time she encountered that group of soldiers, but alas, they came to Helgen the very next day to hold a public execution of all things.

Dozens of captured Stormcloak soldiers and a simple horse thief – poor man tried to run but was shot down by the archers like a dog before she could intervene – then Ulfric Stormcloak, the one who apparently murdered the previous High King.

Aurelia still holds no opinion upon the subject, especially since it is a matter of 'He says, they say'. Rather childish, but it hides the truth behind pure bias and hate.

Then, during the execution of the soldiers, a black meteor falls upon Helgen. A Dragon, a beast of legends.

His breath caused the skies to darken and flaming meteors to falls and shake Helgen to its very foundations.

Soldiers and civilians fought, but her blade left naught but a scratch against the pitch black scales of the enormous beast.

So she did the only sensible thing; Instead of fighting, she gathered and healed the civilians and any soldier of sound mind, be they Imperials or Stormcloaks, and instantly led them out of the collapsing Helgen.

From there, she traveled to Riverwood, the survivors going their own way or even deciding to stay in Riverwood for a while longer while she instead left for Whiterun under the request to inform him of the clear threat of a Dragon.

...But that's when she learned of the ruins upon the mountain near Riverwood. Ruins that clearly contain undead within them.

As a Paladin of Lord Arkay, she couldn't just stand by while those creatures crawled in the dark. Hell, a Necromancer might have even made the tomb their new lair, so it was worth checking out.

At first, she encountered a rather large group of bandits at the entrance. They hurled lewd words at her, then begged for mercy and tried to run once her radiant greatsword started cleaving through their leather armor with ease.

She ran into more of them inside the tomb – one of the bandits somehow even died to a Skeever of all things! – which she made quick work of too.

A bandit, a simple puzzle, lots of skeevers and fire and a giant spider and backstabbing thief later, she finally found the Draugrs.

A lot of Holy Fire and rightful cleansing later, she instead happens upon… a naked corpse?

The man was naked, and he was very close to the corpse of a Frost Troll… Did the man fall headfirst on top of the Troll, killing each other?

O-Or did the man have some rather obscene- Aurelia shakes away those thoughts once more. They are not appropriate for a lady such as her!

Her armored boots lead her forward, her long white hair bouncing with each of her steps, her blade coated in the radiance of Arkay within her grasp.

Her eyes narrow when she happens upon a downed and dead Draugrs, then another. Both killed the same way- A clear wound to the head.

How did someone get here before her without awakening the previous Draugrs?

She shakes those thoughts away and strides forward, blade at the ready-

"-feel good! Nananana- I knew that I would now!" … Was someone… Singing? "I fee~l good! And- Now how do I get past that fucking door?" A treasure hunter, perhaps?

Her armored form steps into a large room lit up by leaking oil runs hanging under a bridge and near a wall. A Draugr corpse lay near her, having clearly been in the midst of dragging itself out of its coffin before its head was seemingly blown apart.

Another lay at the bottom of the stairs, a large hole through its chest. Same for the next one, which she founds at the top of the stairs.

Her steps carry her to the bridge, and there her eyes finally land on the owner of the previously singing voice, and her eyes narrowed dangerously at the sight.

"Might as well Evolv-" The owner of the voice, a skeleton wearing robes, pauses his words to look at her as in surprise. "Where the hell did you even come from?" He asks, then swats his – his voice does sound very masculine – forehead in realization, "From the way I came from obviously, genius."

"Halt, Necromancer!" Her voice resounds through the empty room, her radiant blade at the ready and aimed at the robed skeleton.

"Necromancer?" He repeats dumbly, then sighs deeply, "Do I look like one- Actually, yes I do. That's sketchy as fuck... But I swear I am not one!"

"Your empty promises mean nothing to me!"

"How do you even know if it's an empty promise though…?"

"Because you are undead scum!"

"Now that's just mean, racist, and biased."

Aurelia sputters, her form faltering, yet the skeleton before her does not take advantage of that, "W-What?! I am not racist!"

The skeleton sighs and palms his face, "May I just have the benefit of the doubt?" He requests kindly, "I didn't ask to wake up like this, woman." Her grip over her blade falters at his words.

She hated to admit it, but she was thinking about it. He seems truthful, for now.

"I shall hold my blade, for now-" His shoulders visibly relax, "-just because you are sentient."

"Huh…" His head tilts to the side and away from her, giving her a clear chance to cut the creature down… Yet she holds her blade. "Who knew that being smart would make me look good-"

"It doesn't." She cuts in, and his gaze returns to her, "It makes you worse, in my honest opinion."

"...Of course."

"But… I shall give you 'the benefit of the doubt', as you have said." Which she really shouldn't, but curse the good in her heart.

"Well, thanks for that then." He turns and gives his back to her, another chance to easily strike him down, and another chance she lets go. "The end to the tomb is near- Though what might you be doing here?"

"Cleansing the undead for Lord Arkay, as one of his Paladins should do."

His head turns to regard her with – in her opinion – a very flat gaze. "Of course. Just my luck to wake up right when an undead hater shows up." He sighs, then shrugs, "At least you are giving me a chance, and for that I am grateful." Despite herself, Aurelia finds herself smiling softly.

"You say that we are close to the end of this crypt?" Her words elicit a nod from the skeleton, who then jabs a bony finger forward.

"Past that door is the last room, though it should be guarded by the master of crypt." Blue flames turn to gaze at her, "Word of warning, the Draugr very likely knows how to use the Thu'um."

The Dragon Tongue… She faced a Dragon not too long ago, and that went rather horribly- Though this is just a Draugr, not an immense Dragon covered in nigh-unbreakable scales.

"I have never faced the Thu'um before." Aurelia has a lot of experience, but she isn't prideful enough to think that she is unmatched. "What should I expect?"

"Don't worry, I'll help you." The skeleton gives her a thumbs up, surprising her greatly. "...Though we probably don't need to fight, since the undead don't attack me on sight." Ah, that is because he is one too.

Her eyes narrow suspiciously, "You won't join up with that strong Draugr to fight me, will you?"

"Have some faith, woman."

"In Lord Arkay? Always. In you? Never."

The skeleton stops before the large doors to look at her, then points at his chest. "Your lack of faith in me hurts me right here." But he doesn't have a heart anymore?

"Whatever, we need a key for this door." Aurelia blinks, then turns her gaze to the large wall-like door before her.

It had three sliding panels above, and a large button in the middle with a very familiar claw imprint on it.

She blinks, then reaches behind her to grab the golden claw clasped to her belt, a claw that she retrieved from the thief who tried to back-stab her after she saved his life. Ungrateful fool.

Her armored hands swiftly rise to change the three animal images to match the one on the bottom of the claw, then she moved to- "Wait." The skeleton calls out softly, and she turns to regard him with a raised brow.

"Let me turn the claw. If it's the wrong one, a trap will activate." Her eyes dart to the sides of the door, and she curses herself for not noticing the very minuscule holes that will shoot highly poisoned darts out of them if the wrong combination is set in.

"Thanks…" She gulps and steps back, having let her guard down due to this new type of puzzle and locked door that she isn't used to.

"It's nothing." The skeleton takes the golden claw out of her hand and swiftly pushes it against the main button as she steps back, watching as it sinks inside, then turns, then sinks in deeper and disappears.

The moment it does, the door groans loudly and starts to slowly lower itself, allowing her to release a breath of relief. "It's a good thing poison or darts don't work on me." The skeleton playfully says as he tosses the golden claw back to her.

A smile twitches on her lips at his words, "Your robes will be riddled with holes though."

"I am a skeleton, there is no worse nudity than that." Despite herself, laughter bubbles out of her lips and chest, "I am glad that me feeling so violated makes you laugh."

"I'm sorry!" The skeleton just sighs and palms his face. How can someone without a face be so expressive too!?

"Say, what's your name?" He suddenly asks as her laughter dies down.

A smile is left on her lips, and her chest feels lighter, "Aurelia, proud Paladin of Lord Arkay." He fist comes to rest over her heart as she bows her head. "And yours?"

She lifts her head with a smile, but it soon disappears when she notices the skeleton looking towards the lowering doors.

"Huh…" He mutters softly, "I can't remember my own name." Aurelia feels like a bucket of ice cold waters just poured down on her head.

"I died and woke up as a skeleton within the span of a snap of a finger… Yet that short amount of time seems to have stolen quite a bit from me." Aurelia gulps, suddenly remembering some of the words the skeleton before her said not too long ago.

'I didn't ask to wake up like this.' All the undead Aurelia has met and felled through her life were all mindless husks, repeating the actions of when they were alive or obeying the orders of their vile masters.

Never did she meet one that could speak or understand her, nor one that doesn't resort to violence at first sight.

How could she bring herself to slay someone who did not ask, nor want, to become this?

Her faith is truly being tested now.

"Guess a new name is needed." She hears the skeleton mumble, one hand cupped over his chin in thought, "Something cool and new- Sung Jin-Wu- Nah, maybe Sukuna? Long Chen? Yun Che? Timmy Turner-" Aurelia watched as weird names after weird names just flowed out of the skeleton's mouth in a constant stream.

Why does he sound eager to have a new name? Did she feel bad for him, all for nothing?!

"Eh, whatever… Just call me Leonidas." That's… not a bad name. Sounds like the name of some sort of big figure too.

"Well met, Leonidas." He chuckles at her formality, bony hands on his sides, "Now then, it looks like we have a thought battle ahead of us." She could feel the dark, vile energy coming from that coffin before that strange wall.

Skyrim truly is the land where 'The dead are even under your bed.'. Not even a few days in this region, and she already found a massive tomb full of them.

She flips her large blade and stabs it into the ground, then gathers her magic and closes her eyes. A bright radiance wraps around her body, strengthening her flesh, bones and muscles with her Faith, "Bless."

Body strengthened, she grasps her blade and twirls it, coating it's edge with the golden Sacred Flames. "Alright, let's- Huh?" Where's Leonidas?

Blinking, she looks towards the coffin, where she sees Leonidas stand before a towering and menacing looking Draugr in heavy, rusty armor, a massive war-ax resting over his back.

"L-Leonidas?" The skeleton then pointed towards her, and the huge Draugr turned to look her way, and for a second Aurelia though Leonidas turned his back on her-

Only for a glowing orb to smash into the side of the Draugr's face, caving his helmet and skull in.

"E-Eh?" Digging into his robes, Leonidas pulls out a rusted ax and leaps onto the downed Draugr, who fell behind the coffin he came out of.

And she watches as Leonidas brings the ax down on the undead being several time.

Finally, he stands and tosses two thumbs up her way, "That's how you do it!" He shouts from across the massive crypt, causing the grip on her sword to falter.

H-He just took care of it so easily…

Wait, why is Leonidas glowin- "WRYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY-"

What in Lord Arkay's holy name is even going on!?

​
​
The people of Skyrim really think the Dragons are gonna be the problem.

Heh, no bitch, it's the skeleton!

And yes, I did it again, new fic. Lemme know how y'all like it.

Toodles!​
Last edited: Mar 30, 2024
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Atomic Calm, morgan sinn and 3,032 others
Musashi-Chan
Feb 23, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 2
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Feb 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#257
"What was that!?"

"What was what?"

"T-That… glowing thingy!"

"'Twas nothin' but my sheer magnificence radiating forth." Aurelia's eyes narrow, a minuscule pout forming at the edge of her lips at my teasing, "Nothing harmful, I swear." Her narrowed lilac eyes – and ain't that some surprising eye-color – relax faintly before flicking away from me.

"If you say so…" Her shoulders relax, and if I could, I'd smile at her concern despite being someone who really shouldn't let me live. Though, I am very glad that she isn't unreasonable. "I'll look around for anything still usable and of value then."

I let out a soft chuckle at her words, knowing very well how valuable the Word Wall behind me is, "Might I suggest starting from the big as hell chest right beside the coffin?" Aurelia perks up and tilts her head to look past me and to the large, dusty and quite rusty treasure chest beside the coffin.

Aside from that, this sort of altar is quite… empty. There is nothing else aside from the Word Wall, which I am sure is the greatest treasure in this crypt, hence why the guy that I fucked up without shame decided to make it his tomb.

But either way, I must focus on something else and of greater importance now.

The guy gave me another Greater Soul, which I decided to use so to finally Evolve my race- Which isn't something simple.

Once I have enough Souls, I am apparently given choices to pick.

And what I went with was honestly the right thing to do, especially since it's among my favorite things.
​
Race – Skeleton Mage

Souls; (1)

Skill/s;

[The Cold touch of Death.] (Passive)

[Necromantic Soul] (Passive)

Magic Spells;

[Magic Missile] (2/10)

(Magic Spell slot available) x2​

I do not know why 'Skeleton Mage' is a Race, but I do not really care. The moment I evolved, I instantly felt my small Magicka reserves downright swell tenfold, telling me that this was the right thing to do.
​
[Skeleton Mage]

Decent in the Arcane Arts, yet still feeble of bones. Magic comes easy to you, and your reserves are far greater than before.
Your Necromancy Powers start awakening.​

Just the sheer increase in my reserves is more than good enough, especially since before I could only cast a total of five meager Magic Missiles at once… But then it came with a Necromancy power boon.

The other choices that I was given weren't too bad either… Nor are they gone.​

<Race Modification Available>
[Skeleton Fighter]

Bones as tough as Oak Wood and fearsome strength. A skeleton still, but one that is quite troublesome to deal with.
Grants minor combat knowledge with weapons.
(0/5)

<Race Modification Available>
[Skeleton Archer]

Fleet of foot and sharp of sight, both in dark and in light. Bows are your hammer, and arrows are your deadly nails.
Grants minor knowledge with bows, and sharpens eyesight.
(0/5)​

For another five Souls, I can also gain the boost of one of the two other Race options I had before. And I know that it's only one of the two this time.

While Archer is good, I'll definitely grab the Fighter Modification due to the added strength and defense. I can survive better that way, and I can also cast a mean as fuck Fist when I want to.

Now, to evolve again, I need ten Souls in total. It's either going to be easy getting them, or it'll be lightly hard.

I could keep the Greater Souls and use them to massively improve my spells with double Modifications, but… I have a feeling that once I reach the end of those ten upgrades for Magic Missile, the Spell is going to Evolve just like my Race.

It just looks too similar, and I may be wrong. I'll use the Greater Souls for better upgrades, but if it takes too long to find more then I'll just use a simple Soul.

I did use the Greater Soul I got from the fucker I bodied to upgrade my Race, leaving me with a single left-over Soul, mostly because I was eager to finally stop being a weak and simple Skeleton.

Finally, the last boons I obtained from my recent upgrade.
​
[Conjuration Path – Necromantic Conjuration]

The Magical ability to raise and/or Conjure corpses and Undead creature, either from the corpses before you or from the plain of Oblivion.

[Necromantic Soul]

As an Undead yourself, your Conjured Undead minions not only are fairly stronger than normal, but also follow orders with far more willingness.​


So it is forcing me down the path of Necromancy, huh?

Problem here is, and that I have seen even before my evolution… Is that I have Spell Slots but not Spells for either my Frost Magic or my new Conjuration Magic.

Why? And how can I… Wait, don't tell me I have to create them?

I raise my bony hand and focus, then watch as chilly fog starts to wrap around my bony fingers, raining snowflakes down towards the ground.

Of course. It's not there or among the Skills, but I can just call upon it freely.

I can freely use it, then maybe create Spells for myself to add to the Magic Spell slots, then modify them as I see fit.

So this strange System of mine doesn't hold my hand, it just tells me to do shit myself… I quite like this change, I'll be honest.

But how do I go at it with Conjuration Spells? I do not know my limit, nor what to possibly Conjure- Wait, no. There is something that I might be able to Conjure.

My favorite Conjuration Spell of all, one I wish I could have made stronger through my millions of play-through.

The Kamikaze Familiar- Or well, the Flaming Familiar. The Flame Wolf that goes 'We all dyin' in this bitch!' Once it gets hurt too much or dies.

I want that good boy back! Mostly for entirely explosive purposes I might or might not unleash inside a town or city.

"Aurelia." I call out towards the rather beautiful woman with a very peculiar appearance that just draws in my gaze.

She perks up at my voice, her gaze having been focused on a stone tablet of sort that she fished out of the large rusty chest she kicked open with ease. "Yes?"

"Word of warning," I start, just in case, "I shall try to conjure a Familiar, but due to my wonderful self being very much Dead, I suspect an equally Undead creature might come out." It's a gut-feeling of mine, mostly due to my Magic description.

Her eyes blink, then narrow lightly, "You might have Necromancy powers?"

I nod, a bit annoyed I cannot show my slight regret on my face right now. It's a good type of magic, I'll be honest, but I highly prefer normal Conjuration than Necromantic Conjuration, "'Tis a possible outcome. I fear with me being Undead my… magical option are unfortunately leaning towards that type of school of magic."

Her eyes narrow more, but she soon relaxes and sighs deeply, "I cannot blame you for the hand you are being dealt with. Again." I am very grateful that she is so understanding. "Thank you for informing me, at least." And what a sweet smile too.

"'Tis only right." I nod and shrug, "I shall promise to not take control of any human corpses from now on. Unless they are Bandits or criminals, that is." While I plan to become a problem, I do not plan on being Evil.

One, because it's not enjoyable, just like being Good, and two… Because honestly, I don't see why I should.

I'll just be Neutral, throw hands where I see fit, and cause problems for anyone just to sate my amusement.

"Who knew that a Skeleton could be so likeable." Aurelia snorts softly, and I try but fail to puff up my chest.

Mostly because I have no lungs. Or flesh. "Trust me, you still have to see my charming side."

"Joy." Why sound so not-impressed, lady!?

"You are lucky nothing can get under my skin." Aurelia pauses, then throws a very flat gaze my way. "Literally."

"You don't say?"

"Can't say I don't have a funny bone in me, though." Her lips twitch, "I got more than two hundred of 'em!" I make finger guns her way, and she just releases a shaky sigh and turns away from me.

I'm going to annoy her so much!

Either way, I spare her for now and turn towards the Word Wall, then concentrate.

I want a nice, suicidal, explosive flaming wolf! Gimme the goodest of good boys!

Come to papa, you flaming kamikaze doggo-
​
Spell Acquired!
[Conjure Undead Minion]
Reach into Oblivion and call forth an Undead Creature to do your bidding.
(Current available creatures; Plague Rants, Undead Giant Spider, Feral Undead Mastiff)
(0/5)​

...Not what I wanted, but I shall gladly take it. Especially since I can upgrade this thing.

A mild roar echoes out, and I watch as a tear in reality takes shape, absolute blackness staring back at me before a very undead dog steps through.

The tear in reality closes behind the… ugly looking mutt. Don't stare at me like that.

Actually, it's not even staring at me. One eye is looking towards the right, while the left eyeball is hanging down his jaws.

I can see the ribs, the rotten and decaying flesh, and well… This ain't a friendly lookin' dog.

"I am thoroughly disappointed." I sigh out as Aurelia steps up right beside me, her own eyes fixed upon my conjured minion.

"That-" She jabs one of her armored fingers towards the Undead Mastiff, her eyes turning to flatly stare at me, "Is why I hate Necromancers." Fair enough.

I turn to look at the very ugly undead dog, and try not to cringe at it's bouncing eyeball. "I can summon a giant undead spider if you want?" She visibly shudders in disgust.

Better not bring out the rats then. For now.

"Such revolting magic…" I nod my head in agreement. But alas, this is the hand I've been dealt with, and I plan on making use of it as best as I can.

Same with my Frost Magic, which I really should find a useful Spell for. Perhaps a defensive one, but I'll think about it later.

"What were you looking at before?" I ask, ignoring the undead mutt before us, mostly because it's really ugly.

Aurelia perks up, then pulls the large stone tablet I remember seeing her stare at from under her left arm, "A strange map, from the looks of it." I take the offered tablet and hum softly.

Ah, the Dragonstone Farengar requests the Dragonborn to go and pick up… But, this one is different.

It clearly shows the whole of Skyrim, with certain marks scattered around.

The original Dragonstone should show the location of where the Dragon Mounds are, places where Dragons are buried.

This instead… It seems to show way more than normal? There are clearly dragon heads drawn on top of it, but also… Masks.

Fuck, does it show the Dragon Priests too?

"Well, shit…" Aurelia perks up at my curse.

"Is something wrong?" She looks between me and the tablet, "Do you know what it means?"

I nod, much to her surprise, "It shows places where Dragons are buried, but also places where Dragon Priests reside." And there are far more than normal.

"Dragon… Priests?" The Paladin woman narrows her eyes in confusion, clearly having never heard of them.

Not that I think it's common knowledge. I believe very few know about their existence, like the Archmage of the College of Winterhold, who faced one personally.

"They are very powerful undead that own insanely powerful Enchanted Mask- But that's not why I cursed." Turning the map towards her, I jab a bony finger on one of the mask marks. "Look where one of them seemingly is."

Her eyes fix upon the mark that I am pointing, then they slowly widen more and more. "That's… Whiterun?"

Yes, apparently there's a fucking Dragon Priest in Whiterun, or maybe even below it.

Aurelia narrows her eyes and cups her chin for a few quiet seconds, "It might be sealed beneath the Temple of Arkay in Whiterun." She points out, gaining my attention, "It is rare, but when Paladins are unable to defeat a powerful undead, the second best course of action is to seal it within a powerful Holy Barrier."

Similar to what the Archmage did, huh? Well, that is understandable. These guys might as well be walking calamities, and they'd instantly join their Dragon daddies the moment they show up.

"Here." I give her back the stone tablet, "Might I suggest copying the location of where the Dragon Burial sites are, then getting rid of the tablet? If information of the Dragon Priests goes around, I fear some fools might awaken them and cause a disaster." Luckily, Aurelia nods and takes the offered tablet out of my hands.

"It is a good proposition, especially now that there is a Dragon on the loose." Hm?

"Excuse me?"

Aurelia blinks at me, "Ah, of course you wouldn't know of that. Recently Helgen was destroyed by a Dragon attack. I was there to witness it." Ah, so the Dragonborn is already out and about, huh?

Oh well, doesn't matter. "And I of course had to wake up at around this time. Wonderful." Aurelia stifles a giggle at my predicament, and oh lady, I shall make you pay for that.

"Anything of value?" I turn to kick the draugr corpse beside me on his belly, just so I could yoink his heavy but clearly Enchanted Greatsword.

It has a faint sky-blue hue to it, telling me that it has a cold Enchantment to it. It's a bit rusty, so not really worth keeping, but maybe it might be worth quite a bit for those that know how to repair this stuff.

"An Enchanted Shield." Aurelia nods towards the rusty chest, where a wooden shield with an orange glow around it lay on the floor. "And the greatsword in your hands too, I guess…" I glance at her, and notice that she seems… Nervous.

She keeps glancing at the Word Wall too. "Is something wrong?" She doesn't flinch, but her focus does fall fully on the Word Wall.

"It's just…" She starts, then gulps and breathes in, "The whispering coming from that wall is becoming quite… unnerving." Whispering?

I look at the World Wall and find myself hearing absolutely nothing- No, wait… The whispering is what the Player hears when they approach a World Wall.

Holy shit, is Aurelia the Dragonborn? If so, then she wasn't a prisoner during Helgen.

"It is nothing harmful." I reassure her, then point towards the Word Wall, "This is a Word Wall. It contains knowledge on the Dragon Language- Specifically, knowledge on a single Word of Power." Her shoulders relax at my words.

Then, without my prompt, she takes a hesitant step towards it. Then another and another, until she is standing right before it.

A large inscription on the wall suddenly lights up, and Aurelia's eyes glaze over as wisps of golden, orange and blue energy rush into her body from the glowing word.

It all lasts just a few seconds, and she soon gasps herself into focus. "W-What…" Her right hand comes up to hold her head before she gives it a shake. "That was… so weird…" I imagine it to be.

I doubt getting your head stuffed with knowledge of a single Word of Power fills nice.

I tilt my head as she breathes in, taking the chance to actually and fully drink in her appearance.

She is tall, a bit taller than the current me, and with a slim but clearly heavily trained body.

Her hair are incredibly long, going way beyond the back of her kneecaps, and also of a light silver color, which fits her very pale skin quite well.

Her slim body is clad in a heavy and slightly bulky dark silver and blue armor, her own greatsword matching the same color of her armor, yet glowing a faint golden color.

I believe it to be Enchanted with something very harmful to the Undead, due to her being a Paladin of Arkay.

"Are you alright?" She gives a light nod before shuddering, "Kindly aim thy lips somewhere else if you wish to test your new yet dangerous linguistic prowess."

Her cheeks flush mildly at my words, but she surprisingly enough shakes her head, "I'd rather not test such powers within an enclosed space such a this." Trust me, the fucker I bodied would have had no qualms hurlin' your pretty ass across the room. Cave collapse or not.

"Fair enough-" My hound releases an ungodly screech as it keels over and starts fading away, making me fall quiet. "Had to go while making a scene, of course." Wouldn't be a dog otherwise.

Aurelia shudders in disgust and swiftly moves to pick up the Enchanted shield by the treasure chest. Once done, she gets ready to leave, but pauses to give me a look, "What do you plan to do from now on?"

Become a problem. On a continental scale. "I dunno. Maybe wander around a bit, shank some folks, throw giant undead spiders at Bandits…" I shrug, already making a mental list to actually go through all of that.

Though I require a dagger for my shanking part, cause this big ass sword is a bit too heavy.

Aurelia hums, lips twitching lightly at my list of soon to be crimes against humanity. And other races. And Dragons. I shall add even the Gods to the list, 'cause why not! "Why don't you come with me?"

I blink at the request, "I am kind of… You know, everything you stand against?" She makes a 'so-so' gesture with her hands.

"While undead, you are willing to talk things out and don't attack on sight-" Yet. "-like all the other Undead do. Plus, I'd like to have a guide now that I am in Skyrim, and you clearly know much." Hmm…

Sticking by the Dragonborn is kinda troublesome due to them being in the middle of everything, but also… It'll be quite hilarious and exciting.

I'd rather not waste this second chance at 'life' by being a coward and just hiding around, so might as well enjoy it.

"Then I shall be thy faithful guide and bring you wherever you wish!" I say while doing an exaggerated bow, "Let us not speak of trust between us. After all, you can see right through me."

Aurelia hums and starts walking, then stops after just a few steps.

Finally, she sighs, then groans loudly. "I am already regretting it."

Good.

This shall be amusing!

​
…​


This isn't amusing anymore.

I mean, I did ask for it, but I'm still bored as hell.

Around me, lots of nature basked in darkness. Which I can kinda easily see through, for some reason.

Aurelia is back in Riverwood, and I told her to just rest there for the night instead of camping outside.

She wanted to try and bring me along, but with me being a skeleton and very likely lacking the ability to sleep, I'd have been trapped in a room or hunted by the guards together with Aurelia.

So here I am, not far from Riverwood, and right beside the flowing river the small village is sat against.

On our way down from Bleak Falls Barrow, I noticed that unlike in the game where Riverwood had barely a dozen houses, here it has at least more than a hundred.

Though I presume it's far more than that too due to the enormous trees that fill the area.

I scratch my bony chin with a sigh, mildly annoyed that I cannot sleep. Oh well, I guess I can use this chance to maybe create a Frost Spell.

There's the problem of my few Spell Slots, which hopefully will rise in quantity with further Evolutions.

Custom spells for me to focus on and empower however I want is honestly going to be insanely useful.

But what can I do with my Frost Magic? Magic Missile will become my future RPG, while I can build a miniature army with my Undead Minions… Yet I doubt that they will all be insanely durable.

So what if I go down the path of Ice Constructs? Shape things with my Frost Magic, maybe even clad my own Undead in hard ice armor- A lot of possibilities, and a lot of versatility.

Alas, it doesn't seem like I can shape my Frost Magic aside from shooting it out in a long beam of frigid air.

A beam the size of my head, and that can freeze plants in less than a second. Imagine what that can do to the unprotected human body.

Imagine what I can do once I scale this up.
​
Spell Acquired!
[Ray of Frost]​
​
Release a rush of glacial air from your fingertips. From a gust of air, to a roaring blizzard. It is up to you to see how far this goes.
(0/5)​

Wonderful. And with me being Undead, my Frost Magic is also strengthened, though I do not know by how much.

I wonder if the boon becomes stronger as I Evolve further.

With a hum, I take notice that I have one last Soul left. What to Upgrade…
​
[Ray of Frost]​
​
Release a rush of glacial air from your fingertips. From a gust of air, to a roaring blizzard. It is up to you to see how far this goes.
Modification: Beam Size!
(1/5)​

And that doubled the size of my Ray of Frost. So the Modification do double upon the previous parameters.

Perfect.

Now… What the fuck do I do?

I sigh, then look towards the rushing water beside me, then back towards Riverwood.

There's guards on the wall watching the main gate, and the waters of this river must be freezing cold, enough to stop any idiot from trying to get in through them.

Alas, that fucking dumbass tonight is a skeleton! I feel no heat or cold, bitches!

Time to become a problem.

​
….​


A Dragon, of all things.

One of the guards of Riverwood shook his head with a twitch of his lips.

Many apparently saw this gigantic beast soar over their small, quaint village the day before, but he did not.

And he doesn't believe mere rumors, even if multiple people can attest to their veracity.

It had been the talk of the village, especially when that Paladin of Arkay came around with survivors of Helgen, Imperials and Stormcloaks both in her group.

The two seemed ready to tear at each other, but preferred going to their respective Holds so to warn their factions about this Dragon threat.

He still refused to believe such things.

"-remember you, you cunt." A strange voice suddenly speaks up, bringing the guard to a pause. Everyone should be mostly asleep at this late hour. "First time I played, I accidentally killed your ass, and proceeded to get brutally ass-fucked by a granny and the rest of the village." A chicken clucked in alarm and fear, making the guard frown.

What fool was messing with the wandering chickens at this time of night?

"I should kick you across the country. The temptation is strong." With a snort, the guard rests his hand on the pommel of his sword and turns the corner towards the voice-

He freezes on the spot at the sight, a choked noise leaving his lips.

The bare skeleton seemingly hears the noise and lifts its head up, back to the guard.

Then, the sound of deep breathing rings out. "Smells like bitch in here." What?

Glowing, horrifying blue flames meet the paralyzed guard's wide eyes. "Ah, a delicious meat-bag has wandered its way to me…" M-Meat-bag?

Him!?

The skeleton clicked its jaws together, the repeated clicking sound making the guard's knees tremble as a low whimper escapes his lips.

"I can already imagine how I'll feast on your guts… While you are still awake and alive!" WHAT!?

Then, the skeleton moves.

The horrifying undead being capable of speech lowers itself to all fours… Then releases an ungodly screech of pure madness and horror while crawling its way towards the guard.

The screech is met by a squeal of pure terror as the guard forgoes his shield and sword to instantly turn around and run for his fucking life!

"Come back here boy! Your guts are calling for me!"

Nobody ended up believing him the next day.

Well, expect for a strangely exasperated Paladin.

​
….​


"Leonidas." I perk up at the familiar voice and turn my head to look at Aurelia, a flat look on her face as she steps into the clearing I promised I'd wait for her in.

"Told ya I wouldn't disappear." She sighs and drops a large sack beside me, and I'd raise a brow if I could, "What's this?"

"Things to cover your… bone bits." I stare down at my hands and the feet visible under the long dark robes.

"Forgive my nudity, milady." She palms her face and sighs deeply while I sit up and open the sack. Leather gauntlets, leather boots, and a large leather helmet. "Hope these didn't cost much."

Aurelia shakes her head with a light smile, "The Golden Claw we found was owned by those I bought these things from. They gave me a huge discount and also bought the Enchanted Gear at quite a bit." Hopefully she didn't get tricked, but I believe she must know the worth of these things by now.

I stuff the gauntlets and boots on before she speaks up again, "You know, some weird rumors started going around Riverwood since morning."

I perk up as I grab the helmet, "Indeed? What kind?"

Her lips twitch as I stuff the helmet on, "One guard said that he was chased by a skeleton crawling on all fours across the village."

"That so? Must've been drunk on the job."

"Uh-huh…" Aurelia nods, "A woman said that a skeleton broke into her home and threw a frozen chicken at her."

"Some people have strange nightmares, I swear…"

"Quite. Another guard instead was pushed down on the ground from behind, got clobbered in the head by a brick, then had his pants stolen. By a skeleton."

"Riverwood sounds like quite the lively place, doesn't it?"

"Leonidas."

"Yes, my dear?"

"Leonidas."

"That is my name, yes. Don't wear it out."

We look at each for a few quiet and tense seconds before I decide to break the silence. "Have they not found the hogtied Wood Elf hanging from a tree yet?"

"The fucking what?!"

Ah~, Sheoggorath would be proud.


​
​
A.N. Riverwood down.
Whiterun ain't fuckin' ready.

Poor Jarl Balgruuf.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, Toddball, Frost DeSanta and 3,055 others
Musashi-Chan
Feb 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 3
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Mar 3, 2024
Add bookmark
#430
"I have two questions."

Aurelia hums from behind me, "And what might they be?"

"First…" I start, then turn around to look at her following behind me. Arms crossed, flat stare on her face. "Why are you keeping such a careful eye on me?" She raises a brow my way, as if to say 'Are you really asking me that?'- Which, fair. "I mean, we are far from Riverwood now."

We started our travel towards Whiterun two hours ago, and we are now right by the side of the mountain housing Bleak Falls Barrow, following the large rushing river on our right.

And honestly? The view is downright breathtaking, but that's Skyrim, and there's a reason I loved the game more than anything in the whole world.

Such a huge world, with so much to explore and do, with many more Mods to better the experience and simply add more and more to the journey so to make it nearly endless.

I lost count of the amount of times I put into the game, the sleepless nights just adventuring, laughing and enjoying my own presence and my own world with my own choices.

And now, it is all real, and I can become a literal problem for Skyrim instead of doing it in the game.

Ain't that shit glorious?

"The animals aren't safe." Aurelia says, and I try to give her my most flat look- "You froze a chicken and threw it at a woman, Leonidas." The scream she released was quite hilarious, by the way.

"The chicken asked for it."

"...What did a chicken ever do to you?"

"...You wouldn't understand." Give me a bounty and getting me bodied on my first ever playthrough, for a first.

Whole fuckin' village butchering the shit outta a new guy just for a damn chicken! How does that make sense?!

Yes, I am salty.

"So, what's the second question?" Aurelia starts, visibly trying not to palm her face.

I hum, then shrug, "Why didn't you grab a horse for yourself?" One of her brows once more goes up at my question, "I mean, isn't all that armor and sword heavy for you?" She has a small build, not a muscular one, so I doubt that walking with full body armor for as long as we have is anyway near pleasant.

Though, I don't see any exhaustion on her face.

Her eyes blink, then her expression relaxes into a light smile, "Your worry is appreciated, but I am used to it." Well, if she's sure… "As for the horses- That's because they don't have spare horses." And buying one was either not an option, or would have taken too much out of her funds.

"Oh well, at least I don't get tired from walking." I wasn't much of a runner back in my previous body, but I did use to have a rather large build due to hitting the gym. Mostly to keep up with my rather unhealthy desire for heavy food.

Aurelia's steps quicken up a bit so she could now stand right beside me, her expression suddenly a bit sad and seemingly worried. "How… How does it feel? Being… like this, I mean."

Hm, fair question. And still seeing her being so kind and worried even though I am her supposed enemy really makes me happy.

"'Tis a good question…" I muse aloud with a sigh, despite me having no lungs. "I am but a skeleton, yet it feels like I breathe when I can't. It feels like I have a heart, when I do not. It feels like I can feel the breeze on me when I can't."

"I feel nothing outside of mere phantom sensations that trick me." It's rather vexatious, truly. It'll take me a bit to get accustomed to this. "I can stare into the Sun-" Or the hole in reality Magnus left behind on his departure and became the Sun, "-and not feel mine eyes sting. Dip my feet within those frigid waters and experience none of that biting cold. Truly, I have been robbed of much."

Aurelia's gaze shows a very pained light within her eyes. She is very expressive, and seemingly has a lot of empathy for others. Even an Undead.

My gaze shifts towards the forest beside the road we are in. Enormous elk and deer traverse the woods, together with birds and rabbits.

So much life… I am not used to it. Going from the loud sounds of a busy city filled only with rats and birds and humans, to a literal paradise of nature.

So much greenery, so much freedom, such quiet other than the sounds of nature itself.

Never knew I craved for such peculiar things until I got to experience them.

"I know not what to say to make you feel better, Leonidas." Hmph, what a kind woman. Truly.

"Thy concern and desire to make me feel better warms mine nonexistent heart still." I reassure her with a chuckle, making her lips twitch upward and into a beatific smile.

"You are a weird one, Leonidas." She muses, gaze amused and happy.

I shrug, "May I remind you that I am a talking skeleton, my fair lady?" She chuckles softly, a rather pleasant sound.

Truly, she is a beauty that can make models look away in shame.

"Say, how old are you?" She asks, and I'd smile at the fact that she wishes to know more about me.

But alas, I can just answer, "I am nearly twenty-six years – or twenty-six Winters – old, if I remember right." I tend to not look at the date quite often, and last time I did it was January.

With mine birthday in the middle of March, I'd say it's either a month and a half away, or a little bit more or less. Depending on the date, of course.

Aurelia's eyes brighten up, "You are older than me." She muses softly, "I have recently turned twenty-three Winters old." Ah, so they do use Winters instead of years.

Must be hella fucking hard to distinguish Winter here in Skyrim. This place cold as hell.

"Ah, a wee lass you are then." I chuckle when she pouts at me.

"We are just three Winters apart!"

"'Tis still like the distance between the Heavens and the Earth, o' little one."

Her pout only grows bigger, but there's a tinge of amusement there too, "What does that even mean?" She asks before breaking out into a light giggle, "Your way of speech sounds like that of some nobles I have interacted with. May you be one of them?"

I wave off her question with a chuckle, "This one is simply into acting. 'Tis a lovely passion I had since I was but a lass. Mine speech is like this when I am in a jovial mood-" My cloaked arms and gauntlet clad hands raise to wave at around us, "-and 'tis quite hard not to be jovial when surrounded with such beauty."

Aurelia nods in agreement, her smile becoming warmer as he gaze roams around, specifically towards the roaring waterfall ahead of us. "It is indeed quite a breathtaking sight." Though her cheeks soon grow visibly red, her gaze shy and distant, "S-So… A-Acting like the Bards that roam around?"

Oh my, might she have experienced the charms and fancy speech of such folk before? "Similar, but I did not make slipping between the legs of any maiden I saw mine personal duty." I chuckle in amusement as her cheeks grow warmer.

It did certainly help though. Who knew that some fancy speech could make so many panties drip more than a waterfall?

Shakespeare must've drowned in pussy in his time. My brother from another mother.

"I-I prefer your speech over theirs..." Hm? "Theirs is more… vulgar. They clearly use it simply to b-bed a woman, while you do it because… It feels like it's a part of you, and I can tell you deeply love it."

I stare at her quietly for a few long seconds, which make her more and more visible nervous. Huh, she truly nearly saw right through all of me. "Truly, the Bards must've been drawn to you like moths to the flame." Might as well embarrass her a bit!

"W-What?"

"Voice as pleasant as the chirping of birds in the morning, and looks worthy of being in a painting or sculpted into a fine statue." The red of her cheeks spreads to her eyes as I talk, "Wondrous eyes one would lose themselves in, lips that might feel as soft as a cloud, and such wonderful hair that remind me of snow itself. Might as well be as soft as it, if I were to touch it."

I mentally dust off my shoulders as I stare at the tomato-like Aurelia, eyes widen and lips slightly parted as she gapes at me.

I still got it, but I must sharpen these skills of mine some more. Not that I can bone any lady, of course.

Well, I can throw a bone at 'em and tell them where to stick it, but ya know…

"Y-You-!" Aurelia chokes on her words, but swiftly recovers herself and draws in a sharp breath of air to cool her face down. "A-At least you aren't as vulgar as those other Bards…" I dare not imagine what sort of vulgarity they spewed out to you then.

Still, Aurelia shyly reaches up to grab a strand of her white hair while I turn my gaze towards the forest due to something moving in the corner of my sight, "D-Do you truly like my hair-"

An arrow whistles out of the woods and straight into my left eye-socket.

Well, ain't that a bitch. I can't see shit with this motherfucker in my eye.

Wait, should I feign being dead?

I instantly crash down like a sack of potatoes at that thought, making Aurelia jump with a "Leonidas!" shout, which does make me feel a bit guilty.

That's when a haughty voice cuts through the air, "Nice shot, Sigge!" A male voice barks out, and I left my head tilted to the side and towards the forest so that I can stare at the group of three bandits confidently striding out of the bushes.

A tall, towering Orsimer muscular woman covered in scars and light fur clothing stands at the front, cocky smirk on her fanged lips and large hands holding onto two axes, both resting on her shoulders.

Behind her left is a short Breton man, equally dressed in fur clothing and with a large bow in his mildly muscular arms. "Got that damn Spell-flinger right in the eye!" He cackles cockily, clearly being the one who I have to blame for this annoying arrow in my eyes.

Though I must wonder… How do I die?

In the game, skeletons just collapsed once hit enough times, but here… How do I actually die? Do I need to be totally destroyed, or does just my skull need to be?

Oh well, not the time to wonder such things.

My gaze flicks towards the last of the group, who did not exit the bushes together with the Orsimer woman and the archer, but came out nearly right behind us, twin daggers in his hands.

Ah, so he would've attacked us from behind if the archer failed his shot.

I hear Amelia draw her blade, her boots grinding across the gravel road, "I should have expected for filth like you Bandits to stalk the roads of Skyrim too!" Her voice comes out as a furious growl, which surprises me greatly.

Does she think I am dead-dead? Is she angry because of that?

Hm… Well, I must admit that I am way beyond fucking furious myself.

"Oh~, she's got some fight in her!" The Orsimer woman chuckles as the dagger wielding man steps in front of my corpse, his back turned to me. "The boys love the feisty ones~!"

Well, I listened enough. I flick my wrist and open a tear in Reality to my left as I go to stand, "And my hounds crave the flesh of the livings." I call out as I tear the arrow out of my eye-socket and then jab it straight into the dagger wielding man's lower back.

My foot kicks the back of his leg as my undead Hound howls maniacally and launches itself forward the other two, snarling and drooling everywhere as it crossed the distance in two long bounces.

"What the fuck-!" The Orsimer woman's shout turns into a scream as the large hound tackles her straight into the stomach, jaws sinking into her belly and loudly tearing out a chunk of her scarred flesh.

Her axes come down to try and let the beast come loose from the pain, the sharp metal jabbing into the stomach and shoulder of the undead hound, but the creature just keeps on feasting.

Then, it chomps down and pulls, blood squirting everywhere as guts come lose from their confines.

Her screams grows hysterical at that point, but she is soon joined in by the dagger wielding man screaming his lungs out when I place both of my hands around his skull and use Ray of Frost.
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

"How peculiar…" I muse as I drop the corpse with a frozen skull without care, "I feel nothing when I claim I life. Or perhaps yours is just irrelevant." Rarely do I get mad, and man do I dislike it.

"Leonidas!" Aurelia's face lights up, her stance relaxing and her lips pulling up into a smile that made my anger wane.

My undead hound spams as the Orsimer woman finally aims for the head instead of the body, and its body collapses and starts disappearing into tin air, leaving behind munched over and ruined guts everywhere.

The archer had fallen on his ass, utterly terrified and perhaps having even pissed himself at the gruesome sight.

"Look at yourself…" I sigh as I approach the panting and still alive Orsimer woman, "I was having a pleasant chat with a wonderful lady, and you just had to ruin it."

"H-How the fuck are you-" I ignore her and simply shower her face with a potent Ray of Frost, ending her misery.
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

Now, for the last fucker. "Think they have a camp nearby?" I ask Aurelia, who relaxes her grip over her sword and her stance, eyes narrowing in thought.

"It is possible." Her gaze turns towards the downed archer, who whimpers and scurries backward uselessly, "It's their modus operandi, as far as I know. A few stalk the road, some hang back to camp- Then they switch every few hours."

And since I can't see a make-shift camp nearby, it is possible these three are part of a bigger group either further down the road, or deep inside the woods.

I hum, then turn to the whimpering man, "Interrogation time!" I eagerly hop my way to the terrified archer and squat down right beside him. I'd give him a harmless grin, but I am three seconds away from shanking this bitch for the arrow in the eye, "Now, my friend! Let us put the arrow in the eye matter aside-"

"H-How did you survive-"

I slap him- Well, backhanded him like he is an unruly wife, to be precise.

He collapses to the ground, looking even more terrified than before, "Speak when I am done, alright?" And he nods rapidly like a good boy.

But I need to drive my point across, so I flick my wrist and create another tear in reality, then yoink up the squealing undead rat in my right hand. "And if you don't answer truthfully, I will let this creature…" I shake the squealing rat, visibly and eagerly trying to claw at his face while drooling profusely, then lower it down to aim it at the spot between his legs.

The man pales, while Aurelia winces just a bit in sympathy. "Now.." I give the plague rat another shake, "Are there others in your group?"

The Bandit's eyes flick between me and the rat eager to dive and munch on his marinated nuts and sausage a few times before his lips open, "T-There are…" He squeaks out, raising an arm to point down the road behind him, "A-A path, further ahead, leads into the woods. It'll t-take you to the camp! I-I swear!"

I hum, then turn to look at Aurelia. The woman nods and smiles, "I trust him!" Then her sword comes down, cleaving the bandit's head in half without giving him a chance to retaliate or beg for mercy.

...Is it weird that I find this ruthless side of her attractive?
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

Aurelia scoffs and draws her blade back, flicking it to the side to clean away the blood with ease before resting it over her back once more.

"Shall we pay their comrades a visit too?" I ask as I straighten myself and let squealing rat disappear.

Aurelia nods without thinking much about it, "I'd rather make sure these roads are a little bit safer for any future travelers and merchants." A kind, yet ruthless Hero. Truly a nice and pleasant combo.

I'd have tossed my skull into the waters if she was one of the 'I believe in second chances' type of Hero.

"Then onward, my fine companion!" I step over the cooling corpse of the rather rude archer without care. Aurelia has no care for their belongings, and wolves might find themselves happening upon a buffet soon enough.

Our walk resume, and I throw a glance her way. She seems lost in her thoughts. "You worry for me from before was quite heart-warming." I say truthfully, even though I lack a heart.

My words make her lips twitch into a smile, "I do not like seeing nice people die uselessly." She states, then her gaze falls, "Forgive me, it wouldn't have happened if my guard wasn't lowered."

"Then I hold even more fault, my dear." I wave off her guilt and words without care, "I was the reason you were distracted. Nothing wrong in enjoying some useless chatter while on the road." I shrug, then pause.

"Also… Nice? Me?" Aurelia blinks at me, "May I remind you about the hogtied elf hanging from a tree?"

A snort escapes her, and I point at her, "Ah, where has thy rightful wrath for my wrongful action gone!?" Laughter bubbles out of her despite my words.

"How did you even tie him that far up?" She asks while holding back her laughter, and I give an honest shrug.

"Honestly, I was on a streak after the seventh victim, so it was all a blur. I remember kicking him in the nuts though!"

Aurelia gives me a look, "But he had a black eye?" ...Did that Nord love rival of his happen upon him and do nothing other than clobber the poor fuck?

"That was not a doing of mine. The shattered pride and aching family jewels though? Yes." And I shall take pride in such accomplishments!

"You are a weird one, Leonidas." Aurelia mumbles, a smile on her lips.

I take that as a compliment as my gaze finally lands on the beaten path that leads into the woods. "Oh, and before I forget!" I did not forget what she was about to ask before we were rudely interrupted.

Aurelia gives me a confused look, and I give her a thumbs up, "Yes, I believe that your hair is quite beautiful!" And with that, I happily stride forward and onto the beaten path into the woods.

An embarrassed squeak sounds out from behind me not even a few seconds later.

With that out of the way, I bring my attention to that bit of information that appeared when I killed the Orsimer woman.
​
[Bones of the Orsimer]

Gain greater mass and strength by assimilating the Souls of the powerful Orsimers.
Might grant experience in forging weapons too.
(1/10 Orsimer's Souls)​

Didn't know I could do this too. Taking in the other Races qualities and Skills sounds useful, but… If it brings a change to my qualitative Race, and turns me from a Human to an Orsimer, then it's not something that I want.

Plus, strengthening my Race right now is not among my priorities. Strengthening my Spells is.

After all, the attack near Whiterun should be soon, and I know for a fact Aurelia will go to fight too if she is nearby.

I have taken a liking to her- Hell, I consider her a friend now, so I'd rather not send her there alone.

Hence, I'd rather make sure my Spells are quite strong and ready for whenever Mirmulnir shows up.

"Leonidas!" Aurelia hisses and pulls at my robes, making me focus back on reality as I let her pull me to the side.

One of her armored fingers jabs ahead of us, past the bushes she leads me to hide behind, and I follow the direction she is pointing to to look at our target.

There's a large camp made in a small hole in the mountain side, but it doesn't go in too deep.

It's big enough to house four tents made of animal pelts, while three more rest outside the cave, forming a sort of perimeter around.

Ahead of the three tents lay discarded bones, both humans and animals, all tossed away in a small hole and having clearly been set on fire.

A way to not attract wolves and other beasts through blood, I presume.

Still, I look past the main tents and into the cave, where I see three more figures sitting around a campfire, talking and cooking some large fishes.

Two Orsimer males, one human male- And a Breton female off to the side, though her back is to me and I can't see what she is doing.

Aurelia hums softly at the sight, eyes narrowed, "Their weapons are nowhere near them." She points out, and I yes, she is quite right.

No swords nor daggers are visible, nor bows or large weapons.

"I have a plan!" Aurelia smiles. A smile that is very cold and ruthless, yet very pleasant to the eyes. "How many of those undead dogs can you Conjure?"

Well, just one, but…
​
[Conjure Undead Minion]
Reach into Oblivion and call forth an Undead Creature to do your bidding.
(Current available creatures; Plague Rats, Undead Giant Spider, Feral Undead Mastiff)
Modification/s: Minion Up! x2
(2/5)​

There, now I shall focus on other Spells other than this one. "A few, why?" Her smile grows a tad bigger.

"I can cast a Spell that blinds them." And I instantly catch on. If I send in my Hounds, then we can do this without trouble or risk. "With that, your conjured hounds should make quick work of them." Seems like that she, despite her dislike of Necromancy, does not mind making it a tool to achieve a good outcome.

I turn my gaze back towards the now gathered Bandits, then nod. "I shall follow thy plan then, milady!" She grins and cups her armored hands together.

A bright golden light flickers between her palms, then slowly takes the form of a large golden sphere. Luckily, the light it releases isn't bright enough to give away our location or make the Bandits notice us.

Not that they can since their back is turned to us.

Aurelia gives me a nod, and I once more create a tear in reality, and my eyes would have widened if I had them.

My Magicka reserves just nearly disappear as not one, not two, but four fucking Hounds stride out of the large tear beside me.

Goddamn… So the first Modification made it so that one hound turned into two, while the second turned the two into four. It stacks.

Good thing I had enough Magicka to conjure them, as I do not know how much the giant spiders cost.

The rat barely took anything, while the hounds take quite a bit- Well, now they nearly take everything I have.

Luckily, I'm already back to half full. Seems like recovering one's Magicka is kinda as fast as in the game.

Aurelia nods, then stands up and rears her arm back before launching the golden sphere straight into the cave.

It clatters to the ground like it's an actual physical object, drawing the attention of the four bandits just as I order the hounds to pounce forward.

The sphere cracks, then pops loudly, unleashing a blinding flash that lights up the cave and makes the bandits unleash startled cries and curses- Which swiftly turn into horrified squeals of terror and pain once my massive undead mastiffs body-checked them and started feasting on them.

"So…" I start as I drop my chin on the palm of my gauntlet-clad hand, "Does a cutie like you come here often?" Aurelia blinks at me.

I stare at her as bloody screams fill the air.

"Really, Leonidas?" Hey, I see your lips twitching in amusement!

I shrug, "What? I've heard that my jokes can be quite humerus." Aurelia sighs and turns back towards the cave, blinks… Then groans loudly and drops her face in her hands.

"I hate you."

"Need I remind you that this is just the start of our journey?" Her groan grows louder, and she nearly slumps in defeat.

But at least the screams have finally stopped!
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!] x4​

Oh? I can get the Souls even from this far? Or is that because I am the one that killed these guys?

Either way, I let my hounds disappear as we near the camp. Blood and chewed up guts lay everywhere, with some of the bandits having tried to go for their weapons while still blind, yet they still ended up becoming food for the hounds.

"They must have settled here recently." Aurelia muses as she looks around, "Else the people of Riverwood would have warned me… Maybe." I do not know how kind they are to outsiders, but that's certainly a gruesome thought.

Imagine not warning a traveler of a rather nasty threat further down the road.

My gaze falls on one of the torn up Orsimer corpses, and as I stared at it, I found myself understanding how to perfectly raise it as a Corpse Soldier.

How to use my Magicka, how to weave it through the corpse, how to preserve it with a touch of my Frost Magic. I can see so many paths ahead, so many ways to modify a single corpse, a single Spell, into turning corpses into lethal monsters.

Just murderous puppets.

"How disgusting." I find myself whispering under my breath with a shake of the head.

Aurelia perks up, a confused look on her face, "Everything alright?" I hum, then shake my head.

Hopefully I get some more different types of magics with my growth. But I'll keep this sort of Spell in mind, just in case I do need a helping hand whenever I am alone, and would like something other than my available summons.

It is a bit vexatious, being tied down like this, but I must also admit that Necromancy isn't as restrictive as I initially thought. I have many ways to make use of it, but I'd rather not step on other peoples toes in order to make use of it.

There is no need for me to ruin my relationship with Aurelia just for a tool.

"Why don't you take a short break?" I tell the woman looking around the camp, earning me a confused look, "I doubt that walking around with such heavy armor and weaponry for so long hasn't tired you." I nod my head towards one of the chopped up logs of wood that make for a seat near the fire, and Aurelia actively considers the offers.

Despite the increased distance, we should still be able to reach Whiterun by the time it's afternoon or late night, so taking a short break now won't really alter our schedule much.

In the end, Aurelia accepts the request. After we dragged the corpses outside the cave, that is.

"It is as I thought." The woman speaks up as she takes a seat with a light sigh, "They settled here recently. Aside from a small bag of Septims, I found nothing else of value." So they didn't rob many people so far.

Still, they did rob and kill some, as there are human bones in the pit where they burned them.

"Good thing we took care of them now, then." Aurelia nods in agreement with a light smile on her lips.

One of her arms then raises to pluck one of the sticks holding the cooked fish over the fire, which luckily didn't get any blood sprayed on it.

To have the stomach to still eat after seeing such a carnage… Well, different world, different people.

I hum and turn my focus on my Spells. I have five Souls available now, enough to do one of the upgrades for my Race, but I'd rather focus on Upgrading my Spells.

I need something to harm the Dragon that I will probably have to fight soon enough. Conjuring my undead minions is a no, plus it'll be useless against it.

Ray of Frost… Maybe to counterattack its breath attacks I should add another Soul to grow the beam size. After all, with the size also came intensity. Just because the beam is bigger it did not make its overall power any weaker.

But then there's the Magic Missile. Hitting the dragon scales from the outside is a no, but… If I were to launch it inside its mouth? I could wreak havoc inside it, ruining its organs and fucking it up real good.

One more speed upgrade, then… Shape control. If I could turn it into a thin and sharp needle then I can use its speed to penetrate anything. Then… Maybe an explosion? Could I make it explode?

Speed, shape control, and explosion… I have five Souls in total now, so… Two in speed, one in shape control, and two in explosion.
​
[Magic Missile]

A simple and weak beginner Spell. It can't even kill weak rats on impact.
Modification; Speed Up! x5 Explosion! x2 Shapeshift!
(7/10)​

I nearly reached the Upgrade limit, or what I believe is the Upgrade limit. Will the Spell evolve after this, or what?

Either way, I summon it in my hand and watch as it wobbles and shifts to my will.

"A Magic Missile?" Aurelia pipes up, having downright devoured the salmon on the stick she had grabbed. I shall remember that it is probably among her favorite foods.

I nod at her inquiry, "Quite a malleable Spell, if I say so myself." The sphere shifts into a plate, then into a long stick with a sharp end, much to Aurelia's visible surprise.

"I've never seen anyone shape a Magic Missile like that…" I 'smile', then let the stick fly forth with a sharp, near ear-piercing whistle.

It explodes not even a second later, having jabbed itself into one of the trees at the front of the clearing.

And obliterated nearly a third of the trunk with the explosion, causing the rest to fall and crash down loudly.

Quite powerful. Just what I needed.

It might not penetrate Dragon Scales, but it costs basically nothing, so rapid firing this bitch like a gatling gun won't be a problem.

Maybe I should have the next upgrades make me create more than one at a time, just for greater firing power and higher damage output.

Aurelia blinks as she stares at me, then at the downed tree, then back at me. "Huh…" Is the first noise to come out of her, "Never seen one do that."

For some reason, her brow twitches, "Congratulations, Leonidas. You just turned a Spell some children use to play around into an actual weapon."

…

Kids use to play with Magic Missile?

What the fuck?

I guess it is a simple enough Spell with no real danger behind it, and easy enough that even some brats can learn it fast.

"I tend to be a bad influence on kids." She deadpans at me, "Probably cause I got a bad bone in me! Hah!" A stick bounces off my skull as the Dragonborn glares at me with a flushed face, trying and failing to keep her laughter at bay.

"Why are you like this?"

"Because my Lord and Savior is the great Sheoggorath himself!"

"Eh!?" Oh look, a cheese wheel!

I yoink the cheese wheel that was clearly dropped on the ground by the bandits when my hounds attacked up in my arms.

"O' Lord Sheoggorath! Accept mine meager offering for thy great and wondrous craziness!"

"L-Leonidas!" I ignore Aurelia and raise the cheese wheel high in the air.

Then chuck the bitch into the fire. Just like the offerings of old.

Not like it would work-

The fire turns purple and surges upward into a massive column, hysterical laughter overflowing out of the flames for a short few seconds before the fire calms down.

And the cheese wheel is gone.

"Huh…" I let out a noise as I stare at the fire while Aurelia twitches, "I can't believe that worked!"

The Dragonborn tackles me to the ground.

"I've had enough of your craziness!"

"Calm thy anger, milady! This wondrous mate of yers is but a bonehead!"

…

"Leonidas, I swear to the fucking Divines-!"

Good thing I don't have lungs, else 'em bitches would be achin' by now!

​
….​


Oh hey, scripted event incoming!

First, I gotta admit something… The sight of Whiterun from afar with a setting sun near it is downright gorgeous and something I'll never forget in my life.

Second, Aurelia is still mad at me. She's been pouting the whole time.

Third, I can now see the Companions fight the rampaging Giant – which might I add is truly big as fuck – and clearly faring quite well.

"Shall we assist, mine pouting companion?" Aurelia's pout grows bigger as she glares at me. Cute.

They don't look like they really need much help, to be fair. The back of the Giant is full of arrows, and the other warriors are taking potshot at its legs while dodging the wild swings of that large club the Giant is wielding.

"Why don't you?" Aurelia childishly huffs while still pouting angrily at me. This is why I bully you, lady.

I shrug, "Might as well, before one of 'em gets flung into the clouds." I prepare a Magic Missile and-

"Huh, I did hear that has happened quite a few times." Aurelia suddenly muses, bringing me to a pause.

"What?"

Her confused gaze falls on me, "Getting flung in the sky? I've heard some have seen Giant smash their clubs down on a poor fellow, and his body would just… pierce the clouds and disappear."

Holy shit, Giant death ragdoll exists here too!?

My Magic Missile flies with a sharp whistle, stabbing straight into the Giant's open back before exploding, letting his guts fly everywhere from his now open stomach.

There is a moment of surprise among the Companions before they topple the Giant to the ground and stab it straight through the skull.

The redhead among the group lifts her head and flicks her gaze around before it lands on our approaching forms, one of her brows going up before she nods in greeting.

"Nice shot, Spell-Flinger." Ah, that's your way of greeting, eh?

Alright then, "You have my thanks, Bone-Muncher."
​
[A Greater Soul has been absorbed!]​

Yoink.

"What?"

"What?"

The redhead stares at me with narrowed eyes, while Aurelia looks between us for a few seconds before sighing deeply, "I apologize on Leonidas's behalf. He is… weird."

"Being knowledgeable may make fools look at me as if I am the weird one indeed." I correct her with a shrug, earning me a sniff from the redhead archer.

"Knowledgeable, huh?" The redhead hums and crosses her arms below her bust, and goddamn is she a beauty.

Long rust colored hair, war paint markings on her face, leather and iron armor covering most of body but also leaving plenty of cleavage and skin in few.

"Indeed!" I nod eagerly, "Reading books is much better than barking or howling at the moon!" Aela's eyes twitches while Aurelia just looks downright confused.

"Got more pieces of wisdom for a Bone-Muncher?" She challenges, no real bite to her tone.

I hum and make a show of thinking about it, "Well, if you wish to stop being a Bone-Muncher and go back to being a Milk-Drinker, then perhaps the head of a Glenmoril Witch combined with a certain flame of a certain tomb might help!" Their eyes widen and Aela's jaw drops open in utter shock.

Aurelia looks so confused and adorable right now.

Still, I shrug and raise my hands in surrender, "But this might just be some drivel a Spell-Flinger spits out, after all. Don't take it to heart."

I am such a little shit, and I love it.

Why introduce myself when I can just slap the cure to their condition on their faces all of a sudden?

Truly, I am the master bamboozler!

Aela gulps, "U-Uh-huh…" She nods, then coughs into her fist, "A-Anyway. Well met, I am Aela of the Companions. Your help, while unneeded, is appreciated." Aw, what a tsundere!

"And this is Farkas-" Aela goes to introduce the huge guy, but he steps forward to clap a hand over my shoulder in greeting.

I nearly feel all my bones collapse from that single shoulder tap, "That was a mighty fine shot, my friend!" Man, what a deep ass voice… "Don't mind Aela, she isn't- Hm?" His words pause, and his hand pats my shoulder and back a few times. "My friend, have you been starving yourself?!"

Aurelia twitches. I try not to snort.

"Ah, ever heard of the term 'all skin and bones'?" Aurelia twitches again, exasperation building up on her face as Farkas nods, "Well, turns out I am even worse than that! I'm all bones! Like, literally!"

Farkas hisses with pity, "Then come to Jorrvaskr, my friend! We have plenty of food there!"

"It'll just fall right through me!" I insist kindly. Aurelia shoves her face in her hands and tries not to scream from right beside me.

"Nonsense! Come, come!" My friend, you really make this easy for me now.

"Before that…" Another voice pipes up from behind Aela, owned by an older and mostly bald man. Skjor, that you? "I think we have a bigger problem to deal with."

Hm?

I follow the direction he is looking at with my own eyes and- Oh you gotta be fucking kidding me…

A Dragon. In the distance. Far into the distance, but not over the horizon.

And there's a massive column of smoke rising into the sky from where the Dragon is flying.

First of all…
​
[Magic Missile]

A simple and weak beginner Spell. It can't even kill weak rats on impact.
Modification; Speed Up! x5 Explosion! x4 Shapeshift!
(8/10)​

Better make quick use of that Greater Soul right now.

Second of all, this needs an appropriate reaction.

"BOMBOCLAT-!"

​
​
A.N. Sheoggorath knows about Skelly Boy.

Sheoggorath pleased.

Skyrim- No, Tamriel in danger.

Dragonborn? Considering early retirement.

Anyway!

I am quite enjoying writing this fic, and have decided that if it keeps up with the success it has shown these past two chapters, and keeps it up until the fifth…

Then I might move it to Patreon, and start posting five chapters ahead there, like my Drugs fic.

After all, if people want the Multicross stuff added, then this fic will become quite long, as Skelly Boy is unleashed upon the Multiverse.

What do y'all think?​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Atomic Calm, morgan sinn, Toddball and 3,092 others
Musashi-Chan
Mar 3, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks chapter 4
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Mar 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#698
There was a momentary lapse of silence. Of just quietly staring towards the sunset-lit horizon while distant roars reached us.

A momentary lapse of 'Yes, that is a fucking Dragon.' and 'By the fucking Divines, it's breathing fire!'.

But, while everyone just stared in horror at the distant Dragon while connecting the dots, my recent new friend stared in horror for a different reason that I can easily guess.

On our way here, she had told me about the Dragon that attacked Helged, the Dragon that I know is Alduin.

She described it as an enormous beast with claws bigger than buildings, spiky scales as black as a starless night sky, and a presence of sheer horror and might surrounding it.

That Dragon in the distance? It was gray in color, that I can easily tell even from here.

And I can see the gears turning in Aurelia's head, and the horrid understanding fill her eyes and twist her face in a way that does not fit her.

Then it instantly became a scramble of feet and frantic shouts and call-outs. Curses were thrown together with prayers, and the dozen or so Companions swiftly moved to go and engage the Dragon.

Aurelia did not follow instantly, as I thought she would. There was hesitation in her eyes, a now deeply ingrained fear of her past encounter with Alduin.

Of how she told me her blade just… bounced off his scales, of how nothing that was thrown at it by warriors and mages alike made the beast even falter or flinch.

And now, there was another such beast before her, and that fear reared its ugly mug to torment her.

"You have not a duty to fight this battle, my friend." I tell her softly as I eye her shaking and balled up fists, "Doing nothing will not make you a villain. Or a coward."

"But doing something could lead me to saving lives." She ground out, expression heavy and teeth nibbling at her lower lip in worry, fear and hesitation.

"But doing something could lead to you losing your life too." I point out with a hidden bony finger, "Do you value a stranger's life more than yours, I wonder?"

Her expression falters, but she soon releases a long breath, then breathes back in, "I'll fight. I must." No, you really don't. But alas, Fate is a bitch. "What about you?"

I shrug, "I may be gutless, but I shall follow you without thought." Perhaps a friendly presence will help her focus more instead of letting fear control her mind.

Her lips twitch at my hidden joke, but they soon spread in a beautiful smile that could make many men gawk at her, "Thank you, Leonidas." I wave away her thanks, a bit miffed I cannot smile back.

"Thank me once we have made that Dragon regret their actions, yes?" She nods, then focuses herself and swiftly started moving to rush towards the distant Dragon, the Companions far ahead of us and having already drawn the beast's gaze.

Looking at it, I noticed that it wasn't the standard Skyrim Dragon, but a real fucking one.

Four large and powerful limbs, two massive wings on its back, a long neck and fire-breathing jaws.

The place it was attacking does not look like a watchtower, but more like a large farm with scattered and terrified cattle, with the main building half crumbled and on fire already.

More differences… Whatever, focus on the Dragon.

"We need to ground it somehow…" Aurelia grunts as she rushes ahead of me, my gaze flicking to the side and towards Whiterun, where dozens of armed guards poured down the road leading up to the main gates.

At least their response is swift.

But it won't matter if we don't ground the beast somehow, and arrows might as well be useless due to how agile it is in the sky.

Think, how to ground a large, powerful, prideful beast?

Loud, uproarious laughter filled the air as the Dragon flapped his wings above us, "Puny Mortals, you look like naught but scattered vermin!" Shit-talking it is.

And wouldn't you know, I am a God at it. I come from the original Modern Warfare 2 lobbies, you fucking lizard.

"Talks the big fucker that needs to stay in the air, cause if he comes down here he is gonna get absolutely fucked up!" I shout up just to draw his attention while Aurelia flinches from ahead of me.

Good news thought, the Dragon came to a pause and started looking for me. Now to sink the knife in deeper, "Yo' Daddy must be sooo fuckin' proud to have a child that is such a fucking pussy! Shut yo' bitch ass up if you can't get down here and get dirty!"

"But nope, ya gotta talk shit like you some high and mighty being. News flash, you ain't Alduin! You just a lil' bitch that gotta attack some poor farm animals to actually feel competent and powerful, like he didn't spend the past thousands years hiding away in a cave like a terrified little lizard!"

I read my lore, and if this guy is indeed Mirmulnir, I know for a fact that this little bitch was one of the few survivors and the last time he appeared was in the Second Era.

We are in the Fourth.

And first thing he does when he comes back is talk shit when he did nothing? Bet.

"Mighty and powerful Dragon my ass. A Skeever proves to be a greater challenge than you will ever hope to be."

"Bet your Daddy looked the other way when you were created, you fuckin' detritus!"

"The son of a whore has a purer bloodline than you!"

Silence.

Everyone is just staring at me, mouths agape.

And then the Dragon flaps his wings with a deafening roar and comes crashing down.

"There ya have it now, was it so fuckin' hard?" And he crashes down right in front of me, sending several Companions and guards sprawling while Aurelia flinches back.

I step forward when the beast breathes in and lifts his head up, and two large gusts of frigid winds rush out of my palms to swiftly meet the roaring cone of flames that is breathed out in my general direction.

Luckily, my currently upgraded Ray of Frost is big and strong enough to clash and hold back the roaring flames with ease while Aurelia casts a spell on herself, one that creates a golden glow around her body.

The flames die down, and she swiftly jumps to the side while I face the Dragon, who glares venomously my way.

So I give the big guy a friendly wave. "I'll have you know that my grandfather's farts are hotter than your flames. Might I suggest breathing exercises, perhaps?" I jump out of the way of his jaws snapping towards me. Rude ass bitch.

"Hey! Performance issues happen! Don't be shy- Oh, nice scales. They shall become a flashy pair of undergarments!" Aurelia would kill the fuck out of such undergarments- Dirty thoughts, go away. I have a Dragon on my ass.

Time and place.

"Stop running and give me a mighty battle, you gutless Mortal!" Pot, meet Kettle.

"A mighty battle? But I see no Skeever around here? Do you?" I ask the guard beside me, but the guy just runs the fuck away. "Rude." Oh hey, the Dragon is charging at me again! And he just sent a poor fucker flying with his tail.

Another large cone of roaring flames is breathed out my way, but I just happily run out of the way, yet the cone of flames is soon cut off abruptly when a Companion wielding two axes took that chance to stab them straight into the Dragon's side.

Well, at least their weapon do not bounce off his scales.

While my Magicka recovers fast, I don't blindly throw Spells around and merely watch as Arrows fly yet bounce off uselessly once hitting the scales.

It's chaos. Bodies are thrown at the rampaging Dragon, who now wants nothing more than to nibble on my bones. I need a way to hurt it bad and change the tides of battle.

Still, a Magic Missile soon screams through the air and hammers into the Dragon's head before exploding loudly, causing the beast to roar in pain and stagger back.

With a shake of his head, his heated gaze falls back on me, and one of his massive limbs crashes down on the axe wielding Companion.
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

Rest in peace, brother.

A sickening thought makes its way into my head at that moment. Did I just rip that man away from his afterlife? From his rightful rest in Sovngarde?

I shake it away despite the disgusting feeling it leaves me with and watch as Aurelia takes that chance to rush by, her large and glowing blade cleaving through the air.

The Dragon staggers in pain from that wound alone, a large gash having been carved right at the front of his chest, far bigger than a person and gushing out blood like a fountain.

Despite all the other small injuries the guards and other Companions are carving into his bones and flash, this one slash clearly hurt far more than all of that.

Need to keep his attention away from Aurelia, can't risk him somehow guessing she is the Dragonborn and then fully focusing on killing her.

Or worse, escaping.

"Aww, is the widdle lil' Dragon huwt?" A deafening roar is my answer, and the charging Dragon is enough to make me now I gotta get outta the way.

I jump to the side, barely missing the claw that comes crashing down right where I was, and I don't even wait to fully straighten myself to raise my arms in the air and aim a the large wing above me.

Then let loose with my Magic Missile.

It's like my hands become literal gatling guns firing explosive bullets a si let loose, ignoring the deafening screams of the Spell flying through the air and going off with a bang as it tears apart the webbing of those massive wings.

Then I change the aim to the Dragon's side, still letting loose Missile after Missile as I stand and relish in the pained screams of the Dragon.

And by focusing several Magic Missiles on the same spot, I turn his scales to powder and his flesh to mush, nearly punching a large hole into the fucker's ribcage within a few seconds.

With a roar, the beast flips around, dragging his claws across the ground and using his tail like an enormous whip.
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

Three dead in nearly a dozen bodies sent flying.

I may lack a lot of feelings, but I can't let this shit go by.

Sorry brothers…
​
[Magic Missile]

A simple and weak beginner Spell. It can't even kill weak rats on impact.
Modification; Speed Up! x5 Explosion! x4 Shapeshift! Charge! x2
(10/10)​
​
Spell 'Magic Missile' has been Maxed!
Spell 'Magic Missile' has Evolved!

[Arcane Cannon]

Ten times the cost, a hundred times the power. A small sphere many view as a Spell for children, yet can turn them into paste.
(0/10)​

Didn't know it was my fucking birthday!

I clench my fist and rear my arm back, feeling my reserves just very quickly disappear as a bright light pours out of my clenched gloved hand.

"Fire in the motherfuckin' hole!" I holler before letting loose and throwing the charged Spell as if it's a baseball.

Soldiers and Companions alike throw themselves out of the way as an ungodly and deafening screech blasts through the air for a split second, followed by a ground shaking blast and loud roar of pain.

I hit the fucker in the same spot, and where before the Magic Missiles left a head-sized hole in his side, this one did far, far more than that.

A near human-sized hole was blasted in his side from my charged Arcane Cannon. A hole big and deep enough to show two of his ribcage bones.

Yet, instead of feeling proud, this makes me wonder…

If I can already throw out this kind of firepower after such a short time… What kind of power can the true heavy-hitters of this World throw out?

Once more, I shake away those thoughts and focus on the battle ahead, with the archers and warriors now focusing on the hole I blasted in the Dragon's side to do damage.

But it's still not enough, and I watch the beast fumble and now clearly desperately fight off the charging Guards and Companions.

Still, I allow myself to relax when I catch sight of Aurelia.

The Dragon is so desperate now that he is resorting to his fire breath to drive away the warriors instead of killing them, his wings flapping uselessly due to his destroyed right one.

I need a distraction, so I can possibly Shapeshift my Arcane Cannon in something sharp so to deliver a devastating blow to his organs…

"Aurelia!" I holler over the battle cries and roars of the battlefield, making the woman perk up and stop her charge to look my way, "The Spell you used against the Bandits!" Her eyes widen in understanding, then narrow into focus as she nods and hangs back momentarily.

The Dragon roars, jaws coming down to bisect a guard in half and gulping down the rest.
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

I take that as my cue to rush forward and past the horrified Guards around me, but one of them tries to reach for me to stop me.

"Mage, where are you going!?"

Where, you may ask?

"Am finna make this bitch do the Tom and Jerry scream on the Divines for real, for real!"
​
[Arcane Cannon]

Ten times the cost, a hundred times the power. A small sphere many view as a Spell for children, yet can turn them into paste.
Modification; Penetration! x2
(2/10)​

My right fist clenches, and a bright light starts to accumulate and grow within my hand.

"Cover your eyes!" Aurelia screams as she tosses the golden and glowing ball high in the air.

The Dragon dumbly lifts his head to look at it warily before it goes off, making it release a surprised cry of shock.

"Damnable Mortals!" Still in the mood to shit-talk, huh? "Your tricks will not bring me, Mirmulnir, down!" Oh hey, it is you!

I rush to the side below his tail and-

Huh… Didn't know they had that.

I mean, it should be obvious. They eat humans sometimes, no? And I've just seen this fucker gobble up a guard, so of course they need it to release the waste.

So, of course, I do what any sensible and sane human- I mean, Skeleton, would do and… rear my whole Spell charging arm back…

Then punch that bitch deep inside the dragon's asshole.

Said guy stops roaring fire blindly everywhere and just… locks up.

His long neck and head go right up out of pure surprise and shock.

If I had lips, I'd be smirking right now.

Slowly, the dragon cranes his head to stare back towards me, and I use my free hand to give the guy a friendly wave.

"Yes, I am about to blow your back out. In case you were wondering."

Is that fear I see in his eyes?

Anyway, where was I?

Oh, right!

Of course, as the gentleman that I am, I proceeded to do exactly what I told the Dragon I was going to do.

Blow his fuckin' back out.

Hence, I let loose the charged Spell and yank my arm back-

BOOM!

Torn up guts, flesh and blood spray all over me as the Dragon's behind is just… gone. Reduced to pulp and atoms and steaming, torn fucked up flesh.

Damn, charging up this Spell is downright vile.

The Dragon whimpers pathetically, hind legs torn up and guts strewn everywhere while his tail has been completely blasted off.

Companions and Whiterun guards come to a stop all as one, and I slowly walk my blood soaked form around the downed Dragon to look at him in his eyes while he dies.

"You…" He growls, large hazy eyes glaring at me venomously despite his current condition, "How?"

I pause and ponder his question… Then decide not to give him a shred of respect, or give him a proper response as Aurelia approaches with her blade.

"How, ask?" I repeat, then shrug. "You're weak."

Get Lobotomy Kaisen'ed to death, you fucking Iguana.

Rage fills his eye, and then a blade goes straight through and into his brain.

He twitches, then stills as Aurelia drags her blade out with a grunt.

I look at her, and she turns to look at me. I raise and spread my arms still dripping with blood and guts, "Want a hug?"

She brandishes her sword at me with a very pale face. Rude.

Also, the Dragon's flesh soon catches on fire, even the blood and flesh on my body slowly burns up and disappears, turning into wisps of blue, orange and white energy that flow towards a stunned and confused Aurelia.

She yoinked the Dragon Soul, but it's alright.

I probably need to kill one by myself to get one, if I even can. Something to find out later down the line.

"W-What is going on?" Aurelia panics, and I wish I could smile at the way she seeks me with her gaze so to have my input.

"You just gobbled up the Soul of this idiot right here." I kick the giant skeleton covered in a layer of scales all over beside me, "Meaning, that you, my friend, are the Dragonborn."

I raise my hand, then three fingers, "Hence… Three, two, one-"

A blasts causes the skies and the earth to quiver-
​
"DOV-AH-KIIN!"​

"And that, my friend, is a bunch of senile retards announcing your presence to the whole of fucking Tamriel."

Because yes, it ain't like Alduin is within hearing range.

Great job, ya bearded fuckwits.


​
​
A.N. Back to this fic!
Back to being a problem!

Hope y'all enjoyed!
Toodles!​
Last edited: Mar 13, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, Toddball, Frost DeSanta and 2,884 others
Musashi-Chan
Mar 13, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 5
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Mar 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#874
Aurelia had heard stories of Nords being… very boisterous, especially after a battle. Of how they celebrated victory and saluted the fallen by drinking and partying and… beating each other up?

Her eyes stray away from the drunken brawl, slightly amused at the women cat-calling the bare-chested and sweaty man punching each other in the face.

The moment the battle was over, the Companions called for a party that took place in the enormous Jorrvaskr and nearly half of the large square before it, the Guards and warriors that took part in the battle being the main stars of the party.

Entirely deserved too, she had to admit. Even though they may have swung their swords once or twice, or only shot a couple of arrows, the mere fact that they picked up arms and rushed to go and fight a Dragon of all things was worthy of respect.

After the victory, the Jarl sent a guard to thank both her and Leonidas for taking part in the battle, and offered the both of them a home to rest for the night as the man clearly did not wish to summon people for a meeting at night, and after such a battle.

She felt weird at the mere fact she did not mind sharing a home with an Undead… But then again, it's Leonidas.

Said man had excused himself to grab a change of clothing due to having a powerful stench of blood hanging around his robes after he blew up the Dragon and showered in its blood.

As her thoughts fall upon her strange companion, she cannot help but be very, very glad that she spared him back within Bleak Falls Barrow.

His mere presence, the way he attracted the Dragon's focus upon himself, and the way he was pivotal in slaying the beast… With him simply being there, only five warriors fell in battle.

There are nasty injuries and broken bones, but nothing that she couldn't fix with her Restoration Magic or simply mend enough to make it so it wasn't fatal anymore.

Her shoulders slump, and a thin smile tugs at her lips. Never before would she have thought that one day, she'd look at an Undead being and view them as a friend.

Nor the fact that his mere presence actually makes her relieved.

And speaking about her silly friend, he was actually the talk of the night.

"-am telling you, that guy is no mere Spell-Flinger. That's a man, right there." She turns her head to look at one of the Whiterun Guards, helmet sat on the table and bearded face flushed from one too many drinks. "And he ain't no Bard either, yet he spewed insults as sharp as a blade towards the Dragon… And pissed off the fucker so much that it actually stopped flying!"

Her lips twitch at that. Leonidas's way of speech is weird, and it can go from being very polished and noble-like to quite vulgar within the snap of a finger.

And to see him throw those insults out made her forget that there was a Dragon hanging above her head for quite a bit.

That is, until the enraged beast came crashing down and started chasing Leonidas for a very good reason.

Funnily enough, she understood the Dragon. Sometimes she too wants to strangle Leonidas, even though it will be a useless endeavor.

"Unlike all them other coward Spell-Flingers I've seen in my life, that guy did not hang back and hide, he instead made sure to keep the Dragon's attention on himself, and even got up close to blow up the beast from the inside!"

More laughter sounded out, more drinks were downed, and Aurelia smiled at the sight before her.

Those words she just heard… They were true. She doesn't like saying it or even thinking about it, but the enormous majority of Mages are all cowards.

They would do anything in order to make sure that they survive another day, so to further their studies, so to gain more and more power.

Necromancer's are by far the worst of the bunch. Vile cowards that do not care about the lives of those around them and would willingly sacrifice them in order to either survive, or gain power.

After all, the more people die around them the more 'soldiers' and 'tools' they end up having at the end of it all.

Leonidas could have done all of that… But did not. He put himself, a fragile Skeleton, in harm's way and made sure the Dragon was always and constantly focused upon him.

Who would ever have the guts and courage to do that?

An uproar from outside made her perk up and look towards the large doors of Jorrvaskr, whistles and shouts and praises being thrown towards a lone figure that slowly strides into the hall, making her smile grow a tad bit more.

"Maidens!" Leonidas hollers, arms raised high in the air, his voice making the large hall quiet down just a tad, "Lower thy socks below thine ankles! Tonight, we shall be so boisterous that our brothers in Sovngarde will hear us!"

His words made the whole of Jorrvasks go wild while her cheeks flushed faintly.

The previous howls and cheers grew deafening, and some of the ladies even threw their undergarments towards Leonidas, making the surrounding laughter hike up.

Leonidas previous black robes were now hopefully burnt away, while he now wore a dark crimson robe that was quite a bit bigger on his form than normal. Perfect to hide his Undead features.

The hoods was up like usual, and his face was hid by a black leather mask that hid the blue glow of his flame-like eyes.

His hands instead were covered by black and bulky gloves, clearly made by the same type of leather of his helmet.

She watched as his head turned left and right while people called for him to join their table, but her eyes widen when his gaze soon finds her, and he swiftly moves to join her.

Despite not really being in the mood for the festivities or to chat with others, she found the fact that Leonidas wanted to join her quite heart-warming.

"Septims for your thoughts?" He asks softly as he takes a seat beside her. Her gaze falls to her drink, which she had barely touched at all. Just like the food.

Said drink swirls in her mug from a shake of her hand, making her faint reflection disappear in the process, "I feel like things have only been getting worse since I got to Skyrim…"

First she was thought to be a member of the Civil War fighters, the Stormcloaks, and would have been decapitated without fair trial or chance at freedom.

Then a Dragon attacks Helgen, leaving barely a few survivors despite her best efforts in gathering as many people as possible before running away.

And recently, this. Another Dragon attack, and then the reveal that she was this… Dragonborn of Legends.

She had a gut-feeling back then, of coming here because she felt like she could make a change if she tried hard enough… But this wasn't something she wanted to be pulled into.

"Yeah…" The hidden Undead sighs softly despite having no lungs, "Fate can be a bitch. And so can prophecies and all that crap."

Aurelia's gaze doesn't leave his form, "I can't run from this, can I?" His head turns to regard her for a few quiet seconds before shaking slowly.

"End of the world type of bullshit, I am afraid." He whispers lowly, and her hands clench lightly above the table before her, "I wish I could have said no, and that I could reassure you." Deep down, she is glad that he didn't sugarcoat the whole issue and try to lie to her.

"I'd prefer if you are honest with me…" Aurelia drawls out, tired and very annoyed. But also quite afraid.

Yet deep down, she knew she could rely on Leonidas despite the fact that they recently met. And that they should be enemies.

"How troublesome will everything be?" She had to know. She needed to prepare herself, both mentally and physically. Or at least, try to do so.

Leonidas taps the table before them with a low hum, "Going to the Greybeards will help you a lot, but because they are a bunch of dumb senile fools and pretty much asked you to go to them in such a loud way, doing so will very likely end up with us under the siege of Dragons laying in wait, and anyone or anything that may or may not work below them."

Despite his words, Aurelia smiles warmly, her mind mostly focused upon that 'Us' Leonidas said.

He wasn't going to leave her to handle everything by herself…

"Then what do you suggest?"

"Staying here, of course. And milking it for all that it is worth." His words bring her to a confused pause. "Think about it; You are the only one that can put a Dragon down for good, and by doing so you only grow stronger in the process."

"The weaker the Dragon, the more they will want to prove themselves, so they will slowly come here to challenge you, and if you add changes to said challenges, the majority of Dragons will be forced to comply due their pride."

"And finally, by being here and protecting Whiterun, Jarl Balgruuf will protect you from the other Holds who will want you for themselves. Just to protect his city, but yeah... Though you can easily demand more and more benefits from the man, which you should."

That… He put a lot of thoughts into this already, hasn't he? All for her?

"I don't think I can bring myself to make demands, though…" She whispers, as the mere idea of doing so leaves a bad taste in her mouth. "Helping the people is more than-"

"Yeah, no." Leonidas cuts her off, voice stern, surprising her, "You can't do this shit without making demands and having concessions granted to you. You aren't a Nord, Aurelia, you don't have their mentality of 'Live to fight, and die fighting'."

"Just fighting without getting breaks or other ways to relax or anything else will break you. You aren't fighting to protect a single city, but the whole world."

"When the weight of that responsibility truly and fully settles in, you'll beg for an escape. Even if it's for just a few moments."

Leonidas is right. Aurelia had to admit that.

Even her duties as a Paladin and helping people around the lands of the Empire never came for free. After all, she needed food and other necessities, and sometimes even a roof over her head.

She loves helping people, but by doing so for free… She'll only be a tool. A foolish one.

"You're right." She sighs out, then finally takes a long sip of her drink. Deep down, she feels horrible that she can't share a drink and meal with Leonidas.

Setting her mug down, she gives the crimson robed man beside her a warm smile, "Thank you, Leonidas. You're too kind to me."

He shrugs and drops his chin on his gloved palm, "My fair lady, you are but my first companion and friend within this land, so of course I shall treasure you as you are meant to be." And he is back to his fancy way of speech too.

Which means he is in a good mood. And his good mood is rather infectious, it seems.

"Any plans on checking out what we discovered in Bleak Falls Barrows?" He questions lazily, making her pause in confusion.

Then her mind clicks and realization fills her eyes, "Maybe when things have calmed down and I have less eyes on me." She didn't know if this Dragon Priest was still sealed and beneath the city, and she did not wish to risk having these news leak out and terrify the people.

"'Tis a good idea indeed, my friend." Her companion nods, his hidden gaze straying away from her to take in the partying interiors of Jorrvaskr.

Seeing him fall quiet made her curious, so "Septim for your thoughts?" She fired back the line he previously used against her.

Leonidas stirrs, then hums lowly, "I'm just been coming to terms with everything that has happened so far." Her eyes widen at his words, and her armored fingers tremble.

Slowly, one hand slides over the table, but hesitation strikes her before she could rest a hand over his. Would he even be able to feel it?

All these partying people around them, enjoying food and drinks while he can only watch…

Her shaking hand slowly draws back, her stomach feeling heavy with emotions. What could she even say? Would she be overstepping her boundaries?

"I think I'm going to retreat for the night. Not feeling in a party mood right now." Her friend drawls out as he stands, and Aurelia gulps heavily, "This damn place is louder than a pair of skeletons fuckin' on a tin roof." Despite her inner emotions, Aurelia couldn't help the snort that escapes her.

Still, that improved her mood a great deal. And he didn't even try to do that. "I'll come too." She laughs out softly as she stands, forgoing the rest of her drink and food in doing so.

The action clearly surprises Leonidas, "You sure you don't want to eat anything first?" She was probably going to regret it in the morning, but now she really had no stomach for it.

"If you're sure." He nods, then turns away from her, "Now, let us leave before someone tries to shove food down my non-existent stomach. I'd rather not raise eyebrows when it splatters down on the floor below me." Another snort escapes her at that.

That would truly be one silly way to discover that Leonidas is an Undead. Perhaps even awkward and embarrassing on Leonidas's part.

Still, she could not help the fierce blush on her whole face and ears when she heard the surrounding man whistle and cheer Leonidas on as they saw them leave together.

Hopefully this won't raise some embarrassing rumors…

​
….​


She did end up regretting not eating anything, but at least she wasn't the three or so dozen people utterly drunk and passed out either in the canals flowing with water that are all around Whiterun, or bared feet and butts that stick out of bushes and trees.

Truly, taking a walk in the morning right after that wild party ended up bringing Aurelia ceaseless amusement due to the many drunkards strewn across the streets.

And roofs of buildings.

The fact that the majority of the drunkards were the very guards supposed to be patrolling Whiterun's streets made it even more amusing to her.

Still, the walk also allowed her to notice the enormous skeleton of the Dragon and its hide being wheeled into the city, clearly meant to be studied and perhaps even forged into powerful weapons.

That thought slowly brings her to a pause. She does not lack good armor and weapons, but Leonidas…

He is a mage, and that Spell that pretty much destroyed the Dragon from the inside out was already powerful enough to punch a hole into its side.

What if he had a staff to amplify said Spell? Staves have precious Magicka Crystals on top of them, which – depending on the grade – can massively amplify the owner's Mana and make their Spells several times stronger than usual.

Her greatsword does have a low quality Magicka Crystal embedded in its guard, amplifying her Sunfire to greater levels and making it even deadlier against the Undead.

And now here she is, about to go and perhaps buy a weapon for one very silly Undead.

...She left said Undead unsupervised through the night, now that she thinks about it.

Oh well, he surely didn't do anything-

"Did you hear about what happened to Nazeem?" Aurelia hears a woman to her right whisper to her friend group.

Instantly, Aurelia knows Leonidas is behind this.

Divines damn it, you stupid Skeleton…


​
xxxXXXxxx​


It is laughably easy to find where someone is when everyone around you is drunk enough to think that the tree before them is one of the Divines.

Mainly Dibella, the Goddess of Beauty.

Seeing a drunk Nord hump a tree has scarred me for life.

Either way, people thought that the Skeleton before them asking for directions was just a figment of their imagination, and this allowed me to go and do some… tomfoolery, I might say.

Needless to say that everyone will simply blame the party and the alcohol.

All according to keikaku-

"Did you seriously track down this random dude, beat him up, then strap him to a horse and let it go wild?"

Aurelia stares down at my poor, innocent self sitting down on a bench, under the wondrous morning sun right outside our shared home the Jarl kindly gave us to spend the night at.

"Pardon?" Her eye twitches, further feeding my amusement. "I have been here all night long as you snored away, my friend."

Her cheeks flush, and her foot childishly stomps on the ground, "I-I do not snore!"

"You don't? Must've imagined that trumpeting mammoth then." Aaaand she's reaching for her sword. "I would live to apologize."

Bullying her is just too much fun.

Her pout doesn't fade even with my 'apology', and she huffs out and turns her gaze away, "And I even got you a present?" Hm?

I tilt my head at her, then notice the long object strapped beside her sword, covered only by a tarp.

"You shouldn't spend money on me." I say that, but I still feel very happy that she went ahead to do such a thing.

She is a really kind and lovely woman, that I gotta admit.

Aurelia shrugs, pout disappearing into a satisfied smile, "I wanted to, so here." Pulling the tarp covered object over her shoulder, she excitedly offers it to me. I couldn't help but let out a chuckle at the sight.

Still, her excitement seems to be rather infections when I find out that the long object she gave me is a long staff, one with a large spherical blue gem at the top.

The wood of the staff is dark brown, and it all is nearly as tall as me, and a strange feeling fills me when I grasp it. Like it became a connection of sorts, or an extension of me.

"This is a Magicka Staff." Aurelia proudly tells me, fists on her hips, "The stone at the top is a Magicka Crystal, which will enhance your Spells a great deal if you cast them through it." So they work differently from the in-game ones, huh?

How peculiar. There seem to be quite a few differences that I need to learn about as soon as possible.

I wonder if I can still exploit my knowledge of Skyrim, like where I can find some good loot that can or cannot be useful depending on the situation.

Books I doubt can grant me anything, so the only good thing I can do perhaps is get my money up and buy things that may be useful, as I remember this Merchant Guild existing from the corpse of the mage I stole my first robes from.

"Spoiling me, are we?" I chuckle as I set the large staff on the ground, quite satisfied with its looks and feels. How strong will an Arcane Cannon shot through it be? Still, I have to Evolve again and fast, as that Spell does take a lot of my reserves to make it very powerful. "I'd give you my heart, but… Ya know-"

Aurelia sighs, "Yeah, yeah, you don't have it. Throw me a bone, will ya?" I pause.

I look away from the staff to look at her, and she looks away with mildly flushed cheeks.

Did she just…?

A woman after my heart, eh?-

"Excuse me." A voice startles me out of my thoughts and makes both me and Aurelia looks to my left and her right, where a man dressed as a guard of Whiterun – and that isn't drunk and passed out – is standing. "Forgive me, but the Jarl of Whiterun requests your presence."

Ah, the big guy finally decided to summon us. "Of course! Lead the way, my friend!" With a nod, the guard turns around to do exactly that, and I use that chance to lean close to Aurelia. "Remember what I told you."

I don't want her to overwork herself for chump fucking change. She is the Dragonborn, and she is fighting Dragons to keep Whiterun safe, so of course paying her should be natural.

Plus, the remains of the Dragon should be hers to be sold off too.

"I never asked, but… How do you feel?" Aurelia perks up and gives me a confused look, so I explain, "You gobbled up a Dragon Soul, so you… should feel different."

At that, her eyes widen in realization, "I do feel… stronger? My Magicka reserves have grown quite a bit bigger, that's for sure." Huh, so it is different from the game, where she can only hoard them until she finds another Word Wall.

She gets a general power-up to everything here, which is very cool and good. Definitely what she needs to throw hands with Alduin way down the line.

"And I did learn a new Word." She points out, "The one I learned in Bleak Falls Barrow… It means 'Force', while this one means 'Fire'." Ah, so she learned 'Yol', one of my favorite shouts right after Elemental Fury one.

I guess the Dragon we fought was breathing out fire through only using Yol.

I'm afraid that the Dragons that use all three words of that Shout can just breathe out fucking plasma of all things, seeing how the last word of the Fire Breath shout means 'Sun'.

I cannot imagine what Alduin is capable of then.

Miraak really thought he was something and for real believed he could kill the big fucker by himself, the cocky little shit.

Then he got bodied by a fellow Dragon Priest and needed Daddy Mora to come and rescue him. Pfft..

I shake away those thoughts and focus my sight ahead of me as we enter the large square the party started in. Jorrvaskr is enormous, far bigger than the Jorrvaskr of the game.

The overturned ship turned building does look its age, and is certainly quite the eye-catching sight.

Then there's the dead branch of the Eldergleam poking out of the earth, which stands out as a massive dead tree, a circular water canal going around it as a whole.

Similar to the game, as far as I remember. I've been here so much that this sight is just burned in my very Soul.

Aside from Jorrvasks and the set of stairs leading up to Dragonsreach, there are no other eye-catching buildings, which is perhaps done on purpose.

The rest should be in the Cloud District, I believe. Gotta travel around a bit after meeting the Jarl, that's for sure.

For some reason, Aurelia is glaring my way. "I did nothing." I raise my hands innocently, but she just pouts at me.

"I didn't forget about the guy you beat up during the night." Did they even find Nazeem?

After all, I set the horse loose.

"Such baseless accusations, my friend." I wave her off with a huff, "It must've been some other rascal." Yeah, my dumbass did it.

Again, finding people is laughably easy when everyone is drunk and thinks the skeleton before them is a figment of their inebriated imagination.

Hell, some guys even treated me as their buddy!

"Did you have something to do with the knocked out guy on the roof near the gates?" What?

"That I have nothing to do with."

"Ah, so you admit to doing something?" Shucks.

"I'll have you know I am armed and dangerous!" Aurelia raises a brow my way, "I got a pair of shoulder blades on me!" She facepalms. Hard.

"I hate you."

Truly, there is nothing better than being a little shit. How gratifying.

Still, we soon reach the end of the long stairs leading up to Dragonsreach, and we cross the bridge and step through the already open large wooden doors that lead into the enormous castle.

Which, might I say, looks cool as fuck. Never been close to a castle before, so… I'm feeling giddy.

Also, it's all made of wood… I can set this shit on fire with ease.

Another smaller set of stairs later and- Oh, hello Jarl Balgruuf. And Irileth. And… whoever the rest of you fucks are.

"My Jarl, I have brought the Dragonborn and the Mage." We got names, but whatever.

A large fire in the middle of the hall, a large and long table filled with food and beverages on each side, chairs filled with well dressed people that are probably nobles.

At the other end, sitting below a large dragon skull, sits Jarl Balgruuf, who waves off and dismisses the guard, "Thank you, Guard. You can go now."

The guard does so right after a bow, then turns around and walks between me and Aurelia to leave.

My eyes drift towards the robed figure on the Jarl's left, who I believe might be Farengar. He is staring in my general direction, ain't he?

"First of all, allow me to express my thanks in joining the subjugation of the Dragon." Balgruuf speaks, a kind smile upon his bearded face, "It was not your battle, yet you still joined. I am thankful for it and shall reward you, as you are meant to be." Better not be a fucking Enchanted Shield, I swear to God…

Aurelia bows her head respectfully, "I could not just sit by and watch, Jarl Balgruuf." The man nods, clear respect in his eyes, "But, if I may, I bring some… rather horrid news."

The hall falls quiet, and Jarl Balgruuf frowns and leans forward on his throne. "Speak."

Straightening herself, Aurelia takes in a deep breath before doing so, "I come from Helgen, Jarl Balgruuf. The city… has fallen, turned into rubble by a Dragon."

"And it was not the Dragon we battled and felled outside the walls. The one that razed Helgen to the ground was far more massive, with scales as black as night itself."

A low hiss goes through the hall, shared by the would-be nobles sitting around, who instantly start whispering among themselves.

Jarl Balgruuf looks like he sucked in a lemon, and he shares a long look with the frowning Irileth.

"Two Dragon attacks, seemingly back to back… And the Dragonborn appearing at such a time…" The Jarl hums aloud, and I do not miss the way Aurelia twitches lightly at having her identity called out in such a way. "Irileth, send a runner to all the other Holds, warn them of this threat. Hopefully the Civil War can be put to a stop until the situation is handled."

Smart, but doubtful they will listen until some shit happens or someone with greater power puts their foot down forcefully on their throat.

"It might be useful to study the Spell that was used to grievously wound the Dragon." Farengar speaks up, and I instantly latch onto why he has been staring at me.

Mages, nearly all always greedy with knowledge and power. Should have expected it, I guess.

Aurelia glances my way nervously while Balgruuf throws a chastising glance towards his Court Mage.

I, instead? I see another victim of my shenanigans.

"There is not much to share, I am afraid." I start with a friendly chuckle, "After all, I am sure a grand Court Mage such as yourself already knows this flimsy little Spell."

Farengar stills, then straightens himself both suspiciously and curiously, "I do?"

"But of course!" Jovially, I raise my free hand to create a certain sparkling orb, "Here it is. I'm sure you can recognize it at a glance, yes?"

Farengar falls quiet for several seconds.

Then a whole minute.

"Do you take me for an idiotic fool?!" And he finally explodes with an irate shout, making me hold back a cackle.

Once more, Jarl Balgruuf throws a chastising glare towards his Court Mage, "Is something the matter, Farengar?"

With a huff, the Court Mage turns to face his Jarl, "My Jarl, that… Spell right there, is called Magic Missile. It is silly little Spell sometimes taught to children like yours to get them started in the study of Magic, and they use it to play around as children do. It surely is not a Spell capable of felling a Dragon."

The Jarl hums in understanding, then turns to look my way. Aurelia takes this as her chance to cough into her fist awkwardly, drawing the attention towards her, "I am afraid he is not lying, Jarl Balgruuf. The Spell my friend is using is truly the one called Magic Missile…"

Farengar looks like he is about to pop a vein, and I am loving it. He is quite literally twitching! Hah!

"Then, pray tell, what makes your Magic Missile so different from normal?" A lot of fucking speed, and the fact I jammed it up the Dragon's asshole and made it explode.

I raise a hand to rub my chin thoughtfully, "I believe the difference is called a… Skill Issue."

…

"Now listen here you son of a bitch-"

"Farengar!"

Too easy.


​
​
A.N. Might move this to Patreon, might not. Dunno.

Also, forgive me if the chapter might not match the others in terms of funny and shit, recently got diagnosed with Steatohepatitis and put on a several month long medicine schedule, so am not all there mentally.

Either way, work is work. Hope y'all enjoyed it.

Toodles.​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, Toddball, Frost DeSanta and 2,925 others
Musashi-Chan
Mar 19, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 6
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Apr 16, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,016
Sorry for the wait, y'all! Just took some time to write five chapters ahead and posting them on Patreon!
So if y'all wanna read ahead for this fic, and some others, then hop on there and select the right tier, and you'll be set!
Patreon is already Five Chapters ahead of this one, and will always be unless i decide to do more chapters.
You'll find the link at the bottom!​



"Leonidas?" I perk up as the door to the room is slowly pushed open after a faint series of knocks, startling me out of my thoughts.

Aurelia steps in, her large armor and sword having been forgone for a civilian attire of white upper robes and dark blue leather pants with high boots.

Her long hair were held up in a ponytail, and she looked like she came straight out of a bath.

Damn is she breathtaking. "Yes?" I thought she had wanted to run some errands, or have I been here for longer than I presume?

A frown soon crosses her face as she steps into the room, gaze falling towards the table before me, which I dragged in here from the living room.

I needed it, and I didn't feel like spending time in the large living room. I've never been one to like large homes, as I get satisfied with few things.

Yet, the Jarl went and gave me and Aurelia this large home with four rooms, a backyard and an enormous living room. It makes me uncomfortable.

And I can tell the why he gave us such a large home without blinking. Because we are valuable- Or well, Aurelia is, unless me blowin' a Dragons' guts out makes me 'important' or valuable in his eyes.

If it were anyone else, he'd have rented a good room at one of the good inns in Whiterun for a week or two. But because Aurelia is the Dragonborn, he swiftly made sure to please her greatly by giving her a home free of charge.

"You've been in here since we left Dragonsreach." I hum and lean back on my chair with a low sigh. "And the Sun has just started setting." Well, damn…

I look towards the window and notice that yes, it's slowly getting darker. I can see well in the dark, so I don't take particular notice of changes in brightness if I am not paying attention.

"Guess one doesn't notice the passage of time when they can't get tired." Though I do feel a bit… mentally weary, I guess.

I can't sleep, can't eat, can't drink… I can feel nothing. All my senses are gone besides sight and hearing.

This shit is going to tear me apart in time. I can feel it.

My words make the worry in Aurelia's eyes grow more noticeable, and I'd smile if I could. "Frowning will ruin your pretty face." And there she goes, blushing cutely.

Her flushed cheeks puff up and she cutely stomps her foot on the ground while glaring my way, making me enjoy the view even more, "You are so insufferable at times!" And we just recently met.

If she didn't already have white hair, I bet she'd only last a week before sporting some.

"And you can be very cute at times." I shrug without care, and I am glad that Aurelia has no sword within arms reach or anything to throw at me, because she looks ready to do exactly that.

Scoffing and relaxing her posture, the adorable woman approaches the table with a large map on it, "What have you been doing?" She asks, staring both at the map and at the paper copy of the Dragon Tablet.

Something Farengar did not ask us to fetch… Maybe because he was hollering obscenities my way thirty seconds after our meeting.

My people skills are just wonderful, ain't they?

"Planning, and putting my knowledge to use." I've played the damn game millions of time, cleared all missions, crafted everything and even collected one of every damn item in the game.

Modded it, completed it. Rinse and repeat a billion times over. I know the map by memory, and the fact that this world even has more Dragon Priests than normal tickles my completionism desires.

"Planning?" Aurelia parrots as she leans against the table, making her curves stand out as her robes. "For what?"

I take a slight second to admire the view before answering, "Helping you." She startles and blinks before turning my way with wide eyes. "Each square on the Map is a possible Word Wall location. Each triangle a Dragon Priest location, and each circle a Dragon Mound location." I list off with a drawl, resting my bony chin on my knuckles as I stare at her.

"Dragons do not truly die once their mortal body is slain. Their Souls linger… Until someone like you walks on by and gobbles it up, that is." I have hopes that just visiting a Dragon Mound will let her gain some strength by devouring the Soul of the deceased Dragon laying there.

This obviously wasn't possible in the game… But this isn't the game.

"I…" Aurelia falters, a flush coming back to color her pale cheeks as her eyes dart between me and the large map on the table. "You spent all this time doing this for me?"

I shrug, "And other things. But… Yes. The stronger you are, the more assured I am of your survival, and that is the one thing I care the most about right now." The most important things right now is gaining Souls for myself and making Aurelia stronger.

I do not know how things will escalate from this point on. Or how Alduin himself will escalate. What I can do is simply prepare and hope for the best.

So I can't waste time on useless stuff like going to places where I know some good items were in the game. I cannot hope that the places I know where I can get Daedric Quests for those artifacts are the same.

It's not the game anymore.

The Dwemer Forge, the Eye of Magnus, Wuuthrad, Oghma Infinium, and so much more. I cannot rely on my knowledge, yet not doing so feels like a waste.

"You…" Gulping, Aurelia shyly turns away from me, the flush having gone up to cover her ears too now. She's so fucking cute. "You're so kind to me…"

I chuckle softly and shake my head, then decide not to bully her a bit more right now.

Thus, Aurelia swiftly recovers herself with a dignified cough, yet the dark flush remains and she keeps throwing glances my way as she turns back to the map. "W-What about the crosses?"

"Remember what I asked from the Jarl?" She pauses, flush fading as she narrows her eyes in thought.

Then she perks up a few seconds later, "About if there were things he needed help getting taken care of?" I nod.

Making ourselves more useful in his eyes will simply be better for us in the long run. We'll become less of 'tools to keep the city' safe to 'people the Jarl can trust and confide in', which is important.

As tools can be discarded, but as a good Nord, the Jarl is one who gives trust and never betrays those close to him.

Hence, I plan on making use of that in order to get benefits. What those are, I do not know, but at least they will be there.

"There are quite a few things close to each other up North…" The woman leaning against the table muses absentmindedly, brushing a strand of her long hair behind her ear in a way that captivates my gaze.

If I had a body, I'd try my best to woo her. But alas…

"It'll be our first destination, as I know you'd want to go there quite a bit." My words earn me a curious gaze, and I chuckle softly, "The Jarl has received reports that a large group of Necromancers have made the ruins of Korvanjund their base. We can stop by the Dragon Mound on our way there, killing two birds with one stone."

Her gaze instantly grows chilly, and she swiftly nods without thinking twice about it. She really hates Necromancers a lot, huh? Wonder why.

"What about this spot?" She points to a marked spot close to the ruins we will go to, and I instantly shake my head.

"Absolutely not." She jolts lightly at my harsh refusal. "We are most definitely not strong enough to handle the Dragon Priest Krosis, plus he is a Frost Mage like myself, hence I wouldn't be of much help unless I can overpower him or hit him directly with my Magic Missile." To not talk about the chance of there being a Dragon with the fucker too.

Aurelia bites her lower lip as if she wanted to argue, clearly not liking the fact of leaving such a powerful undead be, but alas… "You know quite a lot…" She muses while eyeing me curiously.

I shrug, having expected such a question to be asked by her, "I may be an outsider, but when it comes to Skyrim, then I might as well be the one that knows the most about it." And I gotta get my knowledge up on this new Skyrim too.

Mainly about the Guilds and how they work, as they might be useful assets in the future.

After all…

[Magistone Staff – Great Quality]

The wood comes from the corpse of a Hist, and the Magicka Stone is of Medium Grade, making the staff capable of enhancing Spells launched through it by a large fifty percent!​

The Merchant Guild can sell such good stuff.

A fifty percent increase to Spells launched through the staff, just from a Medium Grade Magicka Stone. That's fucking insane, and something I need to make use off.

In fact, I am quite sure Aurelia's armor makes use of a Magicka Stone too, as I believe there is one lodged in the center of her chest-plate.

"When should we move out?" Aurelia asks, clearly eager to go and root out those Necromancers.

"We can go out as soon as tomorrow morning. The faster we take care of these things, the better." After all, if we find out that she can absorb the Souls near the Dragon Mounds, then we'll have quite a lot of places to visit.

Aurelia nods and pulls back from the table, the hesitates lightly, "Please, try to take a rest." I'd smile if I could. She really is sweet.

I lean back and watch her go, then sigh and turn to stare out the window to my far left.

So much to plan, so much to account, so much to do and prepare for, all just to survive. I may have died once, and I may be treating like a joke, but I'd rather not die again.

I shake my head and stand, pulling my hood over my head before stepping outside of the room, then out of my home and into the darkening streets.

The quiet bustle of the city fills my 'ears' as I start walking in a random direction, my gaze locked on the distant sky.

This is my new home, and I'd rather not be a coward and let Aurelia handle everything by herself. Plus, I consider her a good friend, hence I'd rather not leave her alone.

Though… How did I get here? Especially in a skeleton?

I do not believe in chances, or in this being some random bullshit. This place should be a game, and I hope this isn't some higher being looking for amusement situation.

Not that I can do anything about it even if it were.

A sound of dissatisfaction leaves me as I cross my hands behind my back.

That unfortunately has to be the only way I found myself here, as I doubt the Daedric Princes would have done such a thing. Or could have done it.

The Divines are too weak at the moment, so it's neither them.

So none of the Divines, or none of the Daedric Princes could have done-

No.

My steps slowly come to a halt as realization fills me.

There is a Daedric Prince who might be capable of doing such a thing… But could she?

A Daedric Prince whose existence was so terrifying and powerful Hermaeus Mora himself did everything in his power to erase her existence, even from himself.

It has to be her. She has to be the only one capable of pulling such a feat of bringing my Soul from another Reality to this one.

The Forgotten Prince, the Fate-Changer… Ithelia.

Sigh… I have so many fucking questions.


….​


"I hope you didn't beat anyone up through the night." Aurelia flatly states as we exit our home, her arms bringing her large greatsword on her back.

I let out a chuckle at her accusation, "I assure you that I did nothing this time. I merely watched a brawl go down at an inn a few streets that way." And man, was it a chaotic brawl. I wonder if these things are common for Nords.

Aurelia blinks at my words, "And you didn't start it?" What kind of animal do you take me for- Actually, never mind.

"Well… Kinda?" Her gaze narrows, and I raise my hands in surrender, "I didn't start it per se… I was just the reason it started."

"Apparently one of the Guards that fought the Dragon with us was off duty and spending time at the Inn, and this drunk Bosmer said something about me that made the guy body slam the Bosmer through a table. Twisted the poor fucker like a twig."

Like, he straight up lifted the elf high in the air, then bodily put him through the table he was sitting at and into the ground.

The fucker did not twitch after, and I do not know if he died or not.

"Seems like you have quite the reputation now." The woman beside me giggles softly, quite amused at what happened last night.

I shrug, "Majority of Nords respect strength, magic or not. And they give even more respect when one willingly fights an opponent they are outmatched against, like we did with the Dragon." The dead are sacred for them, that much is clear and obvious.

They are simple-minded people. They cherish life, yet welcome death with open arms and with weapons in hand.

Something I find admirable.

"I would never be able to do such a thing…" Aurelia muses softly to herself.

I pull the staff she gifted me closer to me, then pause when a familiar voice calls out to us, bringing us to a stop.

Turning my head, my gaze falls on the approaching form of Aela, "You two going out?" She calls out, having seemingly ran all the way here.

"Yeah." I nod, having already an inkling on the why she is here, "A request from the Jarl to clear out Necromancers from a Nordic Ruin up north. Why?"

She flinches and clicks her tongue, "A Dragon was sighted in that direction, around Shearpoint's area, just an hour ago. As big as the one we fought, but with dark red scales." Shearpoint… Where Krosis resides.

It's a mountain, so it has an open view of the surroundings, and especially the road that needs to be taken to go for High Hrothgar.

I fear they have already started laying in ambush, it seems. Fucking Graybeards.

"Aela." The redhead perks up when I call out to her, "Do you have ways to send out signals high into the sky?" Her brows furrow in confusion, but she nods nonetheless.

"Keep them on hand then. If a Dragon attacks, send the signal out." Hopefully we won't be inside the Ruins and miss it at the time.

"What if the Dragon attacks you guys?"

I shrug and turn around, "Worst case scenario, I'll just cover Aurelia's retreat."

Going down while throwing hands with a Dragon is one hell of a way to go out. Sure as hell beats my previous lame ass death.

Still, I wonder if a Dragon's scale color signifies something or-

A gauntlet-clad hand suddenly grips my robe and yanks at it roughly, forcing me out of my thought and to look into Aurelia's very irate gaze, "Don't you dare throw your life away from me!"

I blink at her, her furious words washing over my 'ears' with no effect as I tilt my head, "What life?" She flinches violently at my question.

Raising my gloved hand, I gently pry my robes free from her grip, "I appreciate your words, but please understand how valuable your life is."

"Without you, this world is fucked."

Luckily Aela has left, having probably not wanted any part in the 'lovers spat', as I heard her mutter. Still, I am glad that she informed us of the Dragon sighting.

Aurelia's fists tremble by her side, teeth visibly gritted and face scrunched up in a heavy frown, "I'm not… that important."

…

I raise the staff and bonk her on the head with it without a word, making her yelp and hold the top of her head while pouting angrily at me.

"You say something like that again, and I'm going to bend you over and spank you until your pretty ass turns purple." She flushes darkly and pales at the same time.

Then she starts stammering over her words as I resume my walk.

Sometimes, it's just too easy-

…

Why do I feel like I am in danger?

I turn my head to look behind me, and see Aurelia run towards me. Greatsword in hand, teary eyes and flushed cheeks.

Huh…

"Don't you run away, you damn pervert!"

I am totally not running away.

Nuh-uh.

It's just a strategic retreat.

She's right fucking behind me!

A hand grabs my cloak from behind me, and I might or might have not released a high-pitched girlish scream that could be heard across the whole of Whiterun.

Needless to say that I ended up with a cracked skull.

Literally.




A.N. Short chappy to set up the next one.

For those that want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of this one, then go to my Patreon and select the right tier!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

It's alright if you do not wish to. Am not forcing anyone, plus i barely ask for anything at all unlike many others.
Updates will still come, and when i update on Patreon, QQ and other sites will get an update too.

Any kind of support is always loved and appreciated, especially for this fic! Thank you all so much!

Take care till the next update!

Toodles!​
Last edited: Sep 19, 2025
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, Frost DeSanta, BrendanS.A and 2,263 others
Musashi-Chan
Apr 16, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 7
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
May 6, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,136
"That should be the Dragon Mound." I muse softly as the horse comes to a slow halt, my gaze locked onto a large circular shaped hill the size of a house and with a flat surface.

It's surrounded by a carpet of circular rocks and debris of what look like a building of sorts. One that crumbled due to the erosion of time.

It is also surprisingly close to the main path we took to travel north, making it easy to spot, especially due to it's rather eye-catching and unique appearance.

My gaze then flicks to the mountains in the view right behind the mound, right in the direction of Shearpoint. It's covered in clouds, so I can't really see the peak or the area where the Word Wall and Krosis should be, which makes me nervous.

The Dragon could already be staring at us right now, after all.

Now… I turn my gaze to my companion, on the horse right next to me.

"Hmph!" Who instantly turns away from me with a huff, cheeks and ears still flushed.

"Cute." She squeaks, then instantly glowers at me with puffed up cheeks.

Riling her up is just too easy.

"Does mine honesty bother you, my fair lady?" She just waves her fist in my direction before waving the horse's reins and making it move forward-

Only for the horse to instantly neigh loudly in fear, whole front body rising up before coming down hard as it takes quick steps back.

Aurelia frowns and instantly has the horse back up further, which makes it visibly calm down. Confused gaze shoots towards me, and I turn my own towards the mound before us.

She tried to approach the mound, but that terrified the shit out of the horse it seems.

"You might have to approach it on foot. See if anything happens." She nods and dismounts her horse, leading it close to me and letting me grab the reins before she warily moves ahead.

Her steps draw close, and I keep a vigilant gaze both on her and on the skies. The surrounding are clear other than some hills of earth and stones poking out of the ground, allowing me a large open view all the way back to Whiterun, Bleak Falls Barrow and more.

Though Bleak Falls Barrow is kinda a dot in the distance right now.

"I can feel it." Aurelia suddenly calls out, her foot having just landed on the rising mound of earth where the Dragon corpse should be. "I… Can feel a call, of sort. Like a heartbeat coming from the earth." Peculiar.

"Be careful." I call out as she takes another step forward, then another and another.

She barely has time to put her foot down on the top of the mound before the air visibly shudders as a pulse similar to when Mirmulnir died goes off, ruffling the grass around the hill of earth.

Streams of energy overflow out of the earth and around Aurelia, looking far more numerous than the ones that came out of Mirmulnir, creating a cocoon of sort around Aurelia that lasts a whole, tense minute.

When it fades and is fully absorbed, Aurelia sags her shoulders and lets out a shaky breath, "Whoa…" She shakes her head a few times, then raises her hands to clench them into fists.

"How do you feel?" I call out, drawing her out of her daze. A dazzling smile appears on her face as she turns towards me, instantly moving to walk back.

"Incredible!" Her voice chirps happily, "It feels at least… twice the amount the other Dragon gave me." Then she sags, "Though I did not learn a new Word of Power. I just got juiced up."

I cup my chin in thought at that. Interesting. Is there any reason for that?

Is it because the Dragon has been dead too long? Or maybe because it knew the same word as Mirmulnir?

"We should inform the Jarl of the remains here. They might be useful." Aurelia voices out as she hops on her horse, her gaze telling me the real meaning of her words.

A good source of money, which is always welcome. "Aurelia is growing up. I am so proud." I fake wiping a tear from my eyes as the woman squawks indignantly.

"You're lucky you are on a horse right now, else I'd have used a Shout on you." How violent.

Me like.

"Already drunk with power. Woe me when the time comes my nubile self is pinned down upon the bed and-"

"Will you fuckin' quit it?!"

I cackle like a deranged monkey as I flick the reins of my horse, making it start walking in the direction the Nordic Ruins are supposed to be.

Aurelia catches up with a grumble, slowing her horse down once she is right beside me. "You know anything about these Ruins the Necromancers have made their base in?"

That I do. It's the 'possibly' first quest a new player goes through if they – instead of going to Whiterun – decide to either join the Stormcloaks or the Imperials.

They are tasked with retrieving the Jagged Crown worn by the Draugr that Borgas, a High King of Skyrim, used to wear.

"Huh… We might be able to make a lot of money." I muse in amusement, earning Aurelia's curiosity. "You see, in these ruins lay the corpse of a once High King of Skyrim, who died in the First Era."

"With him should lay the Jagged Crown, a very important piece of history that if it lands in the hands of either the Imperial or Stormcloaks, can boast their ranks through mass recruiting just with its presence."

I doubt it has any powers either, just like in the game. But I can always use the System to check.

"So, we can sell it for a good amount of money?"

I shake my head and give her a look, "Does the Merchant Guild hold auctions?" Her eyes instantly widen in realization.

"By the Divines…" She breathes out in pure shock, "That could bring in more money than I have ever seen in my entire life."

"And also make it so we don't make either group taking part in the Civil War our enemies." I chortle, "After all, the one with the bigger pockets will win! Ain't our fault." Best always be careful on not stepping toes while we can.

After all, even though we can scare everyone off with pure power in due time, that doesn't mean it is worth or smart to make enemies uselessly.

I tilt my head when Aurelia keeps staring at me quietly, her gaze unreadable. "What?"

Her face slowly blooms into a smile that would have made my heart skip a beat if I had one. "This cunning and intelligent side of yours is quite charming." She says before flapping the reins of her horse and speeding up with a cheerful hum.

My eyes remain locked on her back, my lower jaw nearly falling off.

I have just been caught off guard and dealt a near-fatal blow.

...Why does this make her so damn sexy?

I shake my head with a sigh, clearing away those thoughts. My gaze falls down to my arm, the robe having slipped down enough to show my frail bones.

What a fucking waste.

I sigh, then lift my gaze and flap the reins- Hm?

Pretty sure Aurelia just turned her head away from me. Was she looking at me just now?

I sniff, then shrug and speed up to catch up with her as dried yellowish grass soon gives way to snow. Korvanjund should be near here, but there are a lot of snow-covered trees everywhere now.

It's not even noticeable, as the temple is built below ground level, so- I come to a pause as a strange shape past the trees catches my sight, and as the horse slowly walks forward I can see more of it.

"This way!" I call out, and Aurelia swiftly turns her horse to follow me as I keep my eye on the pillar-like object I caught sight of.

It takes barely a minute to reach it, and the object turns out to truly be a destroyed pillar part of a far bigger demolished structure, one completely pulverized from the passages of time and showing the inner structure going below ground level.

"Is this it?" Aurelia asks softly, and I nod my head as her gaze roves around. "Look." She suddenly points down, towards a still standing structure with stairs leading up to ground level.

Upon its rough and snow covered surface lay the scattered remains of a camp. Turned over logs, a clear campfire with ashes, and some discarded supplies.

The structure had clearly been built here, then they excavated below so to create the halls and the crypt where Borgas is buried.

The temple is clearly no more, with only the two lower floors still standing. Kinda.

The second floor has totally collapsed beside the one part with the stairs, and that one didn't collapse because its built into the stone of the walls, but the rest is dust and rubble.

With some of said dust and rubble having clearly been moved far to the side to reveal a large set of doors. And by large I mean very large.

Pretty sure Mirmulnir can fit in there.

I shake my head and dismount the horse, then tie its reins to a tree and give it a pat on the head as Aurelia ties up her own.

"How many Draugrs should we expect?" She asks as she leads the way towards the visible stairs leading below.

"A lot. This is the resting place of a former High King, after all. They surely buried his closest allies and aides with him." Though there might be more, or maybe less, depending on if the Necromancers brought some with them.

Or if they took control of any that they managed to kill.

As we draw close, I take notice that the door is already slightly open, enough for a human to squeeze through with ease.

Aurelia takes point, drawing close to the doors and peeking in to make sure the coast is clear. "There are some lights, but I hear nothing…" She whispers before pushing in, and I follow after her as I grip my staff.

And as she said, the hall is mostly dark, with just a few torches warding away the darkness of the enormous hall.

It's different from the game, with no stairs leading up in the middle. Just entirely open until the very end, where two large tunnels leading downward are.

Well, at least it's clear- What in the fuck is that thing?

I grab Aurelia by the wrist, bringing her to a halt while her surprised gaze falls on my face. Then she blinks and slowly follows my line of sight as an enormous, growling and drooling hairless monkey-like monster steps out of the shadows.

Its glowing blue eyes show that it's an Undead minion… But what in the fuck is it? It looks so ugly!

It's at least as tall a building, with arms as big as a horse and a hunched over posture. And thank fuck it has no dick and balls hangin' out…

"An Undead Ogre…" Aurelia growls out, eyes shining near murderously as she frees her wrist from my grasp so to swiftly draw her greatsword with a sharp sound.

An Ogre? That's new.

The massive undead beast hammers its chest with its fists before releasing a loud roar that makes the floor shake, yet it does not even faze Aurelia as she rushes forward.

I prime my staff and aim the tip at the beast, which starts to glow brightly as I charge an Arcane Cannon for a few second before releasing it.

The giant Ogre has barely any time to move before a blinding sphere slams into its left shoulder and explodes, tearing its arm right off along with a good chunk of its chest.

There is no blood, just rotten flesh and diseased organs pieces that fly everywhere as the beast stumbles from the powerful explosion.

It doesn't even have the time to recover before Aurelia cleaves its right foot off by the ankles with a powerful swing of her blade, causing the giant beast to stumble and fall backward, right towards her.

Flipping around, Aurelia sidesteps while swinging her blade upward, cleaving the head of the Ogre right off its shoulders with ease and making it go flying into the darkness.
​
[A Greater Soul has been absorbed!]​

Damn, she was so cool.

I send her a thumbs up, and she grins cutely and does the same. "They must be good Necromancers if they have a pet Undead Ogre with them."

I hum and twirl my staff in thought. I wonder what the enhancement to Spells does for the Conjuration ones. Does it just lengthen the summoning time, or does it strengthen the Conjured Minions too?

Either way, the staff lights up and a tear in reality appears, and four large snarling undead mastiffs pounce out of the unsettling darkness beyond.

I then point the staff towards the tunnel that hasn't collapsed and give out my order, "Rush ahead and kill anything that moves." They howl and bark, instantly pouncing forth while spittle and drool flies everywhere.

Aurelia shudders at the sight, and I shrug. "Ever heard of fighting fire with fire?"

She snorts, "So now it's fight the Undead with the Undead?"

"Pretty much." Sending them ahead is quite the smart move on my side, because Conjuring them pretty much takes all of my reserves.

So sending them forward now allows me to recharge said reserves before anything happens.

And that anything is a loud, blood-curling scream. How wonderful.

"Ah, the sound of suffering Necromancers!" I stare flabbergasted at Aurelia, who breathes in with a beautiful and happy smile on her face as the screams only grow louder.

Then she outright starts skipping forward with a happy little hum!

Why is this sexy!?

What is wrong with me?!

I huff and follow after her, with the screams still ringing out and seemingly very close. Perhaps one of the Necromances was coming back after the commotion the Ogre caused.

"You know…" Aurelia suddenly starts, tone soft, "Before, I would have never been capable of defeating an Undead Ogre, even with the advantage of my magic."

Her gaze falls down to her free hand, which she clenches into a tight fist, "And now all it took was just two Dragon Souls for me to become strong enough to easily handle it."

Yeah… Even without me taking its arm off, Aurelia could have easily torn the Undead Ogre apart with her bare hands.

"Are you afraid?" I ask softly, drawing her gaze towards me, "Of becoming too strong, too fast?"

Her gaze remains on my face for a few seconds before she nods and turns away, "Power corrupts everyone in due time. I am no saint, so…"

That's not all, though. I can tell that she is afraid of becoming so strong, that one day, once her duty is done… Everyone will be afraid of her and the might she wields.

So they will alienate her. Maybe even hunt her down, wear her out, until…

"Then we can keep an eye on each other." I offer softly, "Remember the time in Bleak Falls Barrow, when I started glowing all of a sudden?"

Her gaze scrunches up in confusion for a second before her eyes widen in realization and she nods. "I am different from the other Undead. I devour any Soul that is near me from a deceased corpse."

"I do not know if I rip them away from their rightful rest or not, but what I do know is that doing so makes me stronger." I point at her, "You devour Dragons," Then point at myself, "While I devour everything else."

"You may be scared of your growth, but I am glad of it, as I am terrified of myself." I step forward as the screams draw closer, together with the snarling of the mastiffs, "I barely even feel human anymore, and being unable to sleep, eat, breathe in the fresh air and everything else will slowly wear me out."

Maybe I'll break. Maybe I won't. All I know is that right now, I am helping someone else shoulder the fate of the world, because now I live in it.

And at the same time, we keep an eye on each other through our friendship.

Aurelia remains quiet as we turn the corner and finally happen upon the source of the still ongoing screams, now lacking two legs due to two feral undead mastiffs ripping them apart.

One of his arms is gone too, with the crunching sound of his bones breaking beneath powerful jaws ringing out from the third undead mastiff currently enjoying the torn apart limb.

The fourth instead is tearing the face off a Draugr, with two more laying right beside it and looking rather chewed up.

"Man, you got a set of lungs on you, huh?" I muse towards the dark robed man. He looks so fucking young.

He is pale and emancipated. All skin and bones. And utterly terrified too, enough so he is babbling instead of talking. "Let him go." I order the mastiffs, who back off and start fighting over one of his detached legs rather viciously. "Now, I'm going to ask you a question, buddy." I start with a sigh, leaning on my staff as I squat down.

The mage gulps and shudders, face pale and covered in cold sweat, terrified blue eyes defiantly looking between me and Aurelia, "F-Fuck you…" He curses, voice shaky and weak, "Why the fuck would I tell you anything?"

I hum and tap my fingers on the staff, "I can make it quick." I point out, then nod towards the mastiffs still fighting over his leg, "Or I can tell them to chew slowly and enjoy the meal." Somehow, his face grew even paler.

"W-What do you want?" Good boy.

"How many more Necromancers are there?" I ask the most important question, as I'd rather not get caught off guard.

The boy gulps, then his purple lips open, "T-Three more. I… I killed one of them in the next room…" My gaze flicks down to his waists as a glimmer catches my eye.

The Ebony Claw… So he was planning on betraying them in order to have everything, huh?
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

His head pops like a watermelon when I finger-gun an Arcane Cannon into his skull. "So fucking young… What a waste." I shake my head with a sigh as I snatch the Ebony Claw off his corpse and straighten myself.

"I'll never understand why people turn to Necromancy…" Aurelia mutters to herself as she steps over the corpse, and I follow suit.
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

Ah, the three Draugrs. So now I have four Souls and one Greater Soul, huh? I'll save them for my next race evolution, see if I can grab both the Race Evolution and the Fighter Enhancement.

So a total of fifteen Souls are needed.

I gotta hold back my desire to just spend them all on my Spells, as much as I'd love to have an utterly overpowered Arcane Cannon right now.

My conjured mastiffs fade away as their timer runs out, and Aurelia takes point to peak into the next room through the half-collapsed door the Necromancer was killed in front of. "There are quite a few corpses in here." She muses as I step in after her.

The room is a large hall, very similar to the one in Dragonsreach where the Jarl resides.

A throne, a long table with twelve seats in total, and what look like painting frames that have now disappeared due to the erosion of time.

The chairs are all over the place, with even throne having been toppled over.

And the reason are the seven corpses strewn across the ground, with only one being a human, hunched over the table and having been stabbed through the neck from behind.

This time, the Necromancer is an old man, so I don't feel bad.
​
[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

…
​
And there come seven Souls in one go. Sometimes getting them is so easy, but I fear what the requisites will be once I reach higher levels.

Especially since I doubt all Race Evolutions will cost normal souls.

Still, it seems the crown isn't here, and this is not the place where the main big guy is buried.

Obvious, since we still haven't reached the door that requires the Ebony Claw-

A slam draws me out of my thoughts as the doors down the hall to our right slam open rather loudly, forcing the ancient and eroded wood and steel doors off their hinges.

They clattered to the ground rather loudly, the echo turning into a blast within this large hall, and the perpetrators are the last remaining Necromancers.

"Forkas?" One of the dark robed Necromancers, a Dark Elf woman, questions lowly as her glowing red gaze lands on the corpse of the Necromancer that was betrayed.

Alongside the three are two rather massive undead, adorning heavy Ancient Nord Armor, with massive tower shields and equally large swords.

They remind me of Death Knights, of sort.

"Tch, looks like we've been had…" The Necromancer behind the two, another old man, curses softly beneath his breath, and I can see the doors that require the Ebony Claw far down the hall behind him.

Looks like they were busy undoing the traps inside the tunnel until now.

"Get rid of them and turn them into Draugrs while I try to open the doors." The old man orders, seemingly being the leader of the group and acting like everything was going to be alright as he turns around to leave.

The other two Necromancers nod while the large Death Knights stomp forward threateningly.

Their shields come up, erecting a formless barrier that reminds me of a Ward, which perfectly block the powerful blast from my Arcane Missile.

I did not charge it up, but that still shows how strong those Enchanted Shields are when put together.

Aurelia reaches over and lowers my staff before I could fire off another Arcane Cannon, and I tilt my head when she stomps forward and breathes in.

Oh dear, is she-?

"FUS!" A formless shock-wave of pure, immense and unstoppable force surges forward at her command, turning the table beside her and the chairs in the way of the blast into powder.

The knights erect their fused Ward Shield, but the Fus Shout barrels into it with all the might of a goddamn freight train, blasting the ward and the shields apart, together with the hands holding said shields.

And it did not stop there.

Going through the double Ward and shields did not lower the power of the Shout, and it soon barreled both Necromancers to the ground while the leaving elderly man was outright sent flying down the hall.

Aurelia stomps forward, unfazed by the sheer might she just unleashed with just a word. I cannot even begin to comprehend how strong the full power Unrelenting Force Shout will be…

"Now, surrender your pitiful lives, you vile Necromancers." Aurelia announces with a cold, sharp and authoritative voice, "Lest I make your death very, very painful."

If I could gulp, I would.

Oh no, she's hot!


​
​
A.N. Aurelia be turning the tables on Leonidas, it seems.

If y'all wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead on this fic, then hop on over to my Patreon!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed it!​
Last edited: May 6, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, Frost DeSanta, BrendanS.A and 2,268 others
Musashi-Chan
May 6, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 8
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
May 18, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,198
Needless to say that the Necromancers did not surrender despite being scared shitless.

"W-What the fuc-" One of them started before going quiet when Aurelia effortlessly cleaved one of the staggered Death Knights in half with a lazy swing of her greatsword.

It is clearly enchanted against the Undead, as I can see the slashed parts have seemingly melted under the blade as it passed through.

So the possible holy enchantment sets fire to the Undead, similar to how the Dawnbreaker worked in the game. Minus the big explosion on death, that is.

Once the bisected corpse hits the floor, that's when the pure terror finally starts to set in. And, of course, is further amplified by me putting a hole through the last Death Knight look alike.

They went from confident defiance to 'Oh shit, I don't wanna die!' in a split second after that. Some people really are too confident sometimes.

"I'd suggest running, but…" I shrug as Aurelia stomps forth, large blade poised and ready to reap lives without care, "You might as well just accept death."

"No! Wai-!" Aurelia, of course, does not wait. The plea for mercy was cut off with a head flying through the air, an expression of terror etched upon it.

The Dark Elf Necromancer shrieked in fear, then soon burst into flames as she grit her teeth and lift her flame-coated hands. "You fucking bitch!" The flames rumbled and crackled as they gathered within her palms, further enhanced by the Ancestor's Wrath ability she very likely just activated.

Damn, those flames sure are insanely hot. She's turning the stones around her into slag.

Still, I do not let her get finish charging up whatever Spell she is preparing for and drown her beneath an enormous Ray of Frost wave that swallows her whole.

Hell, with the massive enhancement from the Magistone Staff, the beam could have easily swallowed even the huge Death Knights! I'm liking this puppy more and more.

The woman screeches and tries to fight back, but no matter how hot her flames are, my Ray of Frost is just too intense for her to fight back, so she soon turns into a frozen corpse.

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

Oh? The Death Knights only gave me normal Souls?

What's the requirements for Souls to become Greater? These guys surely aren't weren't normal or weak Necromancers, especially with how they had an Undead fucking Ogre guarding the entrance and the two super well equipped Death Knights look-alike.

"One more left, right?" I ask as I turn my gaze towards Aurelia, only for her to snort and nod down the tunnel leading to the sealed door.

I tilt my head and turn my eyes to look the way she nodded towards, then snort myself.

Looks like the old Necromancer was sent flying by her Fus Shout and ended up bodily triggering some arrow traps.

"Looks like a fat porcupine." I muse to myself, earning another snort from Aurelia. "Either way, seems like I gobbled up enough Souls." She blinks in confusion for a short second before her eyes widen lightly.

So I spread my arms wide, "Set thy gaze upon mine brilliance!" I announce grandiosely before I start glowing brightly.

['Skeleton Fighter' Race Modification has been selected!]

[10 Souls have been used for Race Advancement!]

[Multiple Evolutions are available!]​

Hm? Multiple, you say?

[Undead Acolyte]

Knowledgeable in Fleshcrafting and Blood Magic. Good in Necromancy, but bad at Conjuration. Requires a lot of corpses-

Yeah, fuck that class. Nope.

[Undead Warlock]

Focused on Destruction Magics, the Warlock is knowledgeable in Frost and Spark Magics. With far greater reserves, they can fuel their devastating Spells with greater ease.​

Much better, and perhaps even the one I might pick.

[Undead Spellsword]

A blade in one hand, a Spell in the other, and a body enhanced by magic. Beasts in the battlefield, and wielders of Destruction and Alteration Magics. A high cost, high risk type of fighter.​

That's… cool as fuck...

I have two very good classes, both with clearly differing fighting styles – Not that my dumbass 'punch your arm up the asshole of a Dragon' will listen – but still.

Alteration Magic… I never liked it in the game unless it was with good Mods, or for exploiting the Level Up and Legendary System.

And I do not know how different it is here, so I'd rather not gable too hard…

So Warlock it is-

[Requirements for a Special Evolution have been met!]​

Excuse you?

[Sacred Acolyte]

A corpse preserved with Holy Magics, something only done to the servants of the Church of Arkay. Capable of Conjuring Spirits and wielding powerful Restorative Magics, this type of Undead loses their weakness to the Holy and gains one towards the Dark Arts.​

...Holy fuck.

This… Isn't a coincidence. Arkay must have done something, I'm sure of it.

His gaze must be on Aurelia due to her being his follower and the Dragonborn, so I'm sure he'll be giving her special treatment in the future.

And that includes an Undead being like me?

I'm gonna dap that brother from another mother when I see him.

['Sacred Acolyte' Race Evolution has been selected!]

[Souls needed for next Race Evolution – 0/ 50]​

Do you want me to massacre a small village, you fucker!?

[The potency of your Spells has increased!]

[Your 'Conjure Undead Minion' Spell has changed to 'Conjure Spirit Familiar'!]

[Your Skill 'Necromantic Soul' has changed to 'Blessed Soul'.]

[Blessed Soul]

Conjured Spirits gains elemental affinities related to yours, enhancing their attacks and resistances towards them, but also further enhancing their weaknesses related to said affinities.

[Restoration Path – Holy Magic]

The power to heal wounds with a wave of the hand, to conjure wards with a flick of the wrist, and to cast powerful buffs upon allies with a thought. The useful power loved by the living and hated by the Undead.

[Two additional Spell Slots have been unlocked!]

Race – Sacred Acolyte

Souls; (0)

Greater Soul; (1)

Skill/s;

[The Cold touch of Death.] (Passive)

[Blessed Soul] (Passive)

Magic Spells;

[Arcane Cannon] (2/10)

[Conjure Spirit Familiar] (2/5)

[Ray of Frost] (1/5)

(Magic Spell slot available) x2​

Holy fuck, that's a lot. My brain just got spammed with everything all at once, goddamn…

Still, I am not disappointed. I can feel the massive changes and the enormous increase to my reserves, and damn am I very satisfied and loving this.

I can't imagine the sheer power a now charged up Arcane Cannon can pack. Mirmulnir took a mildly charged up one up the ass and died from it, so any other Dragons around his level of strength won't be much of an issue now. Maybe.

Can't get too overconfident.

"Leo?" Aurelia calls out softly, and I snap out of my thoughts.

"Apologies if I worried you, my friend." I tell her honestly, then pause and tilt my head. Am I… Taller than her now?

I look at her, then down at myself. Indeed, I am now a few inches taller than her. Interesting change, perhaps caused by the Fighter Modification.

Speaking of which, I don't feel different after I took that up, nor did I seemingly gain anything. Perhaps it's not something I can notice on a surface level.

Aurelia sags her shoulders in relief once I speak up, a beatific smile pulling at her lips, "You were just staring vacantly into the air for a minute once the glow died down." Ah, I was processing the rush of information pumped into me.

"Forgive me, it seems I have gained quite a few things it seems, in fact…" I raise my gloved hand – luckily everything still fits my newly grown body, even though it feels different – and create a sparkle of dense aquamarine light.

Hm? Why is it this color?

Aurelia instead gapes at the sparkle of radiant lights, "I-Is that… Holy Magic?" Her gaze turns towards my face, face unreadable, "Why is your existence so damn wrong?"

"The fact that me simply being me irks you is something that satisfies me greatly."

"It's a good thing you have Holy Magic now, so I can crack your skull whenever I feel like it."

How violent. And sexy.

I sniff, then look at the glowing green colored glow in my hands, "Shouldn't it be golden though?" I'd say its because the blue of my frost and the gold of the Holy Magic fused together make green, but I feel like that's bullshit.

"Your eyes changed too…" Aurelia muses as she draws close, one hand coming up to pull my hood back a fraction as she peers close. "Yeah… They are light green flames now."

If I could, I'd gulp right now due to her close proximity. Luckily, I can't do that.

She steps back, and I pause as I turn my gaze back to my raised arm. Using my free hand, I grasp the sleeves and pull them back, only to tilt my head in surprise at the sight.

I am not a skeleton anymore, now I seem to have some layers of dried skin over my bones. Skin that glows with a faint golden luster. "Great, I am starting to look more and more like a rotten corpse."

Looks like I won't be removing these clothes anytime soon to stare at myself.

Hopefully I don't start stinking like a corpse too.

"Do you feel alright?" My friend questions, a faint hint of worry in her voice, which would make me smile softly if I could.

"Of course. Now I feel like I can be more useful that usual." I'll have to create a powerful Buff Spell to use on her soon, as it might come in handy.

Aurelia huffs softly at my words, "I wouldn't replace you for anyone else even if you were incredibly weak."

…

Her cheeks flush more and more with each passing second I quietly stare at her in wonder.

Then said flush goes nuclear when she realizes what she said, and a cute squeak escapes her lips as she jumps up, "B-Because I have to keep an Undead being like you in my sight at all times! W-Who knows what sort of dastardly things you'd do without me around!"

That's so fucking cute.

Somehow, her flush grows even darker as I say nothing, so she angrily turns away from me and stomps towards the tunnel, "Let's just go open the damn door!" She growls out through gritted teeth, all flushed and cute.

I hold back a snort and go to follow before I remember about a change to my Conjuration Spell.

Might as well check it out now-

[Conjure Spirit Familiar]

Restless Spirits born from nature, resentments, war or other reasons. Reach into Oblivion to Conjure them to your bidding; Far smarter than Undead, but not as durable.

(Current available Spirits; Flaming Familiar, Spirit Sword, Spirit Arrow)

Modification/s: Minion Up! x2

(2/5)​

I couldn't help it.

I squealed and instantly conjured the Flaming Familiar.

Aurelia gapes at me as I gush all over the four large flaming wolves. The goodest of all good boys, eager to lunge and kamikaze themselves for their one true lord and summoner.

Oh, I am so going to love using you puppies.

I'm gonna turn you fuckers into Thermonuclear Wolves, I swear to the fucking Divines.

I was gonna be a problem before, but now I am gonna commit war-crimes with these wolves.

I mean, am I really breaking the Geneva Convention when it doesn't exist in the first place here?

Am I really doing anything wrong?

[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

Hm? Oh, the dead old man. Forgot about his ass.

But now… Time to make these puppies overpowered.

[Conjure Spirit Familiar]

Restless Spirits born from nature, resentments, war or other reasons. Reach into Oblivion to Conjure them to your bidding; Far smarter than Undead, but not as durable.

(Current available Spirits; Flaming Familiar, Spirit Sword, Spirit Arrow)

Modification/s: Minion Up! X3, Power Up! x2

(4/5)​

One normal Soul, then a Greater Soul for a double upgrade.

"Aurelia, my dear… Please stand back and let my wolves deal with these filthy undead within the crypt."

If they don't make this bitch collapse on detonation, then I ain't satisfied.

XxxXXXxxx​

He is Borgas, once esteemed High King, last of the grand Ysgramor Dinasty, wearer of the Jagged Crown that still resides on his head even in death.

And now, he finally awakens from his rest as the doors to his crypt are opened by a bunch of fools.

His four high guards awaken, their coffin lids bursting open as they groaned and stood, casting a menacing sight within the dimly lit crypt with their imposing bodies clad in rusty and dust-covered ancient Nordic Armor.

Soon, their weapons filled their large hands, yet Borgas remains seated upon his throne.

For he is a grand High King. These fools will have the honor of facing his esteemed self only once and if they manage to get through his Royal Guards.

Not that he has any hopes for these wolves- Wait… Why is a group of eight flaming wolves flowing into his crypt?

The flaming creatures approached his throne and his Royal Guards without care, wagging their tails and panting.

Borgas is disgusted, as he is a lover of cats-

As one, the wolves start howling.

As one, the wolves start glowing a blinding white-hot color that turns the stones below them into molten slag.

As one, the wolves explode with all the might of artillery salvo straight in the face of the mighty Borgas and his Royal Guards.

His crown clatters to the ground, and Borgas finds his stunned consciousness slowly fade away from that sudden attack.

And the last thing the grand High King hears is;

"I bet his bitch-ass ain't even worth a Greater Soul."

Thus ends the undead life of High King Borgas, last of the grand Ysgramor Dinasty, wearer of the Jagged Crown.

Felled by suicidal flaming wolves.

XxxXXXxxx​

"His ass ain't makin' it to Sovngarde, that's for sure." Do I feel bad? Nah.

It was hilarious, honestly. My glorious puppies are truly machines of destruction.

Imagine raining them down like meteors…

"I have a feeling all of Skyrim will want to burn you at the stake for this." Aurelia muses to herself, and I just wave her off, no matter how right she is.

Some of the most staunch Nords will have a fuckin' stroke, that's for sure.

"Eh, we got a lot of money to cash-in on though?" I joke as I pick up the dusty Jagged Crown made of dragon materials and toss it towards Aurelia.

A quick peek at it reveals it is an ordinary crown, so for me it's value will come from the auction we'll put it on. That's it.

As for the rest?

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]​

These bitches really just gave me normal Souls! High King my goddamn ass, brother!

Aurelia looks at the crown in her hands, then up at me, "I'd be put to the stake too since I am helping you." Partners in crime, baby!

"Well, we are done here…" I hum, then jab my thumb behind me, "Wanna grab the last valuable thing here?" Her gaze flickers towards the large Word Wall at the end of the small Crypt, and a smile spreads across her lips as she nods and steps forward.

I expected there to be some treasures or something, but maybe they thought the value of the Crown was more than enough, or perhaps those that buried Borgas here just yoinked all the treasures since he was dead and gone. Greed can overpower loyalty and respect with ease, after all.

Especially if it's a lot of treasures.

The Crypt is small too. Smaller than the living room me and Aurelia share.

Beyond the doors there's a small set of stairs, the large throne Borgas was sat on, four black coffins behind him, then further behind lay the Word Wall.

The Crown and Word Wall are clearly the only treasures here.

"I can slow down time!?" Came Aurelia shout from behind me not even a second later.

I go to turn around and speak when- "Tiid-!" "Boo!" I jump when Aurelia is suddenly in my face, a cackle leaving her lips as she leans back.

She scared the shit outta me…

"Oh, I am going to have so much fun with this!" She giggles like a little girl, and I couldn't help but snort softly. Am I corrupting her?

Maybe a tiny bit…

"Come on, we're done here, so let's leave." I call out with a hum, resting my staff on my shoulders as I start walking down the tunnel.

Aurelia skips ahead, clearly in a very good mood. Guess if I ever want to ask her out on a date, I should bring her to kill Necromancers and get Word Walls.

The time of flower and dinner with candles is gone, it seems.

"That didn't take too long." The happy woman muses as we enter the tunnel with the chewed up Necromancer, "Barely half-an-hour, I'd say."

"We could stop somewhere else, if you aren't tired." I offer, leading her to hum softly and tilt her head in thought. "We do have a Riekling camp to clear. Another request from the Jarl." Dunno how the Rieklings are here, but apparently they fuck and breed like rabbits, so it ain't a surprise they are a problem.

"Sounds like a plan. I feel full of energy after I absorbed that Dragon Soul." She muses as we step outside of Korvanjund and move to rise up the stairs. "I'm irking for a good fight!"

I snort as we slowly rise to the top, "Let's go find one then-"

A roar shakes the air, and a giant beast crashes down before us, turning trees into pieces and sending powdered snow in the air.

Said air soon starts to warp, a fiery red dragon bigger than Mirmulnir growling within the expanding field of heat, golden eyes locked upon Aurelia.

The woman tenses as the Dragon stands tall, showing its golden belly while his massive wings spread wide apart, sharp claws digging trenches into the frozen ground with ease.

"My kin…" The large Dragon speaks, voice regal and powerful, "Dovah- I, Yolosqah, have come to challenge you." Steam and embers billow out of his nostrils and jaw, his breath turning the surrounding snow into water and then steam within a split second.

"The winner, devours the others Soul." His wings fold, his claws flex, and flame licks across his fiery red scales.

Aurelia clenches her jaw and slowly reaches for her blade while I hum and stare at the honestly cool as fuck Dragon.

"At least it's just one-" Another roar, distant and high above us.

I look up, and a sickly green Dragon circles us from above, looking around the size of the Dragon before us.

I sniff.

"Leo, for the love of Arkay, learn to shut the fuck up."

"...Fair."


​
A.N. Leonidas the Skelly Boi gets jumped by Dragons!?

Looks like the threat of getting their backs blown out attracts them en masse. That is the only activity they can get, after all.

And if y'all wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my Patreon to do so!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed it!​
Last edited: May 18, 2024
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, morgan sinn, Frost DeSanta and 2,356 others
Musashi-Chan
May 18, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 9
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
May 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,319
Aurelia gulps as her shaking hand grasps the handle of her blade, her throat and mouth feeling dry and parched from the raw heat pouring off the beast standing before her.

The red dragon cut an imposing figure, and its presence just screamed pure power.

This Dragon before her was far stronger than the one Leonidas all but bullied out of the sky. She could feel it on her skin and in her bones, the hair on the back of her neck standing on end- And not due to the cold.

"What say you, my Kin?" The Dragon rumbles. Calm and collected, not prideful and cocky, unlike the first one she felled.

She highly doubted that one would even bother giving her a challenge, or the time to think about an answer.

"If I say no, you'd leave?" She wanted to fight, but she did not feel confident in her victory. Not by herself.

But with Leonidas by her side, she felt confident.

The fiery Dragon rumbles out a soft "Perhaps." before lifting his large head to stare up towards the circling Dragon above, "But that one might not agree." So they weren't together?

"I did not wish to challenge you just yet, mine Kin… But once I took notice of him, I decided not to be patient." His wings unfold, stretching many meters to his side and blasting a wave of heat against her face, further clearing away more snow around them like it was nothing.

Getting to fight her had now become a competition of who is first, huh?

"I shall keep the other Dragon company then." Leonidas suddenly speaks up, and her stomach all but drops as her eyes widen.

The fiery Dragon lowers his head to look at the hidden Undead for a few calm seconds before he tilts his large draconic head to the side, "You do not wish to fight alongside her? You helped fell one of my brethren, no?"

Leonidas shrugs and turns to walk away, "I can't always be by her side. Plus, I have faith in her." Her cheeks flush at his words, her chest soaring and her stance relaxing at the clear faith in her.

The Undead being beside her had quickly become someone she could trust and rely on easily, the little bits of immense knowledge he seems to hold being something she has a lot of respect and fascination for.

So if he thinks she can handle this… She shall trust him.

Her greatsword is drawn with a sharp sound, drawing the Dragon's gaze back to her as she breathes out.

For some reason, he seemed pleased but whatever he sees, "That is the right way to be, mine Kin." The beast rumbles as he straightens himself, "Bare thine fangs, sharpen thy claws, and be willing to fight to the Death! Just like a Dragon!"

"I am not a Dragon…" She breathes out as she brandishes her consecrated blade.

Her words bring a heavy, rumbling chuckle out of the fiery Dragon before her, "But you have the Soul of one." He points out lightly, "Does thy mortal form define thee, or does the Soul?"

She is not going to have an existential crisis because of a damn Dragon of all things.

"Are all of you Dragons so chatty?" She asks, and the Dragon before her chuckles, seemingly not offended-

"Get yo' bitch ass down here!" A shout, followed by an ear-piercing whistle, cuts through their talk as a blinding projectile pierces through the tree cover, booming past the sound-barrier and rising up with the power of a falling meteor.

The circling Dragon high in the air tries to dodge the blinding projectile, but all it manages to do was get struck in the side instead of the chest.

So with a deafening explosion and loud, pained roar, broken scales, torn flesh and blood rained down together with the Dragon's falling form.

Leave it to that guy to turn a children's Spell into a Dragon Slaying monstrosity.

"Seems like the fun has started already." Yolosqah rumbles out before baring his gleaming fangs at her. "Ready yourself, mine Kin!" And with that, the beast rears his large head back and draws in a deep breath.

If his presence radiated pure heat before, then now the massive Dragon had become a roaring inferno that set fire to the surrounding trees with laughable ease.

His jaws open, a searing light spills through the snowy forest, and then the volcano within his lungs flows forth as a white-hot beam with the power to glass an entire village.

'No time to dodge.' Aurelia grunts, then jabs her greatsword into the ground before her and breathes out and closes her eyes.

Her Magicka reserves, once pathetically small, now felt like an enormous lake. And she called upon that lake, and let it flow through her body and towards her hands.

With a shudder of Holy Light, an enormous Ward erects itself before her, looking like a thin glass surface that could break from a weak gust of wind.

Yet, the beam of pure heat rams into it with the force of a rampaging bull, and the Ward holds fast and steady.

The flames part around her like she was a stalwart and unbreakable pillar, her long hair fluttering through the rushing heated wind as her narrowed eyes behold the blinding sight before her.

Her Magicka stirs once more, filling her body with strength, "Bless." She chants through gritted teeth, feeling the Spell take hold and reinforce her in a way it never could in the past due to her lacking reserves.

But now? Now she felt she could take this Dragon on with her bare hands.

Her body pulsed with strength, and her lungs soon filled themselves with air. Her hands instantly grasp the handle of her blade, and her lips part open, "Fus-!" Her Ward collapses forward, and the concentrated blast of pure force blows right through the infernal beam.

The ground below her feet cracks as she takes off like a speeding horse high on adrenaline, watching as the blast of force rams into the Dragon's head and forces his breath to come to a stop.

And taking that chance, she draws close to his exposed golden belly and cleaves her blade through the air with a monstrous amount of strength.

Scales and flesh alike part with ease as a large and bloody gash is carved from chest to arm, causing the Dragon to stagger and release a pained grunt.

Yet a chuckle soon rumbles out from the beast, "Well done, Dovahkiin!" He roars out proudly, injured arm rending through the ground and swiping at her, sending scorched debris and dust flying everywhere.

Rubble pings off her armor as she spins out of the way, then brings her blade down with all her might to cut off one of his fingers.

The large scaled and clawed limb-sized part falls to the ground as Yolosqah roars in pain and stumbles back, but swiftly regains his focus and rams his front claws into the ground before spinning around.

Aurelia's eyes widen when an enormous tail comes at her like a whip, carrying with it countless embers and heated air.

Another Ward rumbles to life as she brings her sword's flat side up to protect her side from the incoming blow.

The tails rams into her Ward with the force of a carriage going downhill, shattering the Spell but being stopped by it in turn, yet the left-over force from the blow still makes Aurelia stagger back a few steps.

A rumble goes through the forest, spires of sharp ice-spikes piercing through the canopy of the high trees and high into the skies, blood stains clear upon the clear ice crystals.

She truly pitied the Dragon that was fighting against Leonidas right now.

A turbid breath of air leaves her lips before she breathes in as the Dragon turns towards her once more. She needs to invest some money and time to learn offensive Spells that can help her against Dragons, all the others are only good for the Undead…

But she does have a good new weapon now! "TIID-!" Her Shout barely ends before Time itself slows to a crawl.

The Dragon's movement are slower than a snail, the falling snowflakes melting before her are melting before her very eyes.

Everything is slow, as if submerged in dense waters that restrict movement.

Yet, hers is not restricted one bit.

The ground cracks below her feet, her movement speed still as fast as before, and her blade cleaves through the air, parting flesh and scales alike once more.

Then again, and again, and again again again- Such injuries were superficial upon the large bodies of a Dragon… But not so much if they stack up.

So she carved the Dragon's side full of large, human sized bloody gashes, her arms numb yet already recovering from the Galvanize Spell enchanted into her armor.

Seconds later, Time resumes it's usual pace, and dozens of wounds explode with blood, dying the scorched ground red and forcing a howl of pain from Yolosqah.

Aurelia's throat aches and her chest throbs painfully, clearly a drawback from having used quite a few Shouts in such a short span of time.

She highly doubted a Healing Spell could help, as this felt close to Magickal Exhaustion symptoms.

The sound of a sharp intake of hair makes her hair stand on end, and another massive Ward sparks to life before her just as her surrounding are doused in intense and roaring flames.

Her eyes narrow from the intense light, then widen when a set of massive jaws comes into view and bites down on her Ward while still spewing out intense flames.

A grunt escapes her as she forced more Magicka into her Ward, forcing it to repair itself despite the spreading cracks from the slowly closing jaws.

So she draws her blade, then pounces forward and stabs it upward, clear through the lower jaw of the Dragon and piercing the inner flesh of his upper jaw while slamming the flame-spewing mouth shut.

With a grunt and growl, Yolosqah draws his head upward before an enormous claw rams against Aurelia's side, sending her and her sword flying across the clearing.

A pained grunt leaves her lips, her ribs and arms feeling like they cracked from the impact, yet she swiftly stands once her rolling body comes to a stop.

And her eyes narrow when Yolosqah spreads his large wings to take flight, something that will mark her loss if it happens.

A glittering orb of light forms in her right gauntlet-clad hand, then she chucks it towards the Dragon as she rushes towards her discarded blade.

A blinding light erupts, blinding the Dragon and forcing a startled yelp out of the beast, one that makes him lose his flight and smash down on the ground below, kicking up soot and dust.

Her hand grasps her discarded blade, and her lips part, "TIID-!" And Time once more slows to a crawl as she rushes forward as fast as she possibly could before jumping high in the hair, and putting all her weight behind her blade.

Then falling with it and plunging it deep within the Dragon's throat, all the way to the hilt.

A grunt leaves her lips as she tries to draw her blade out, but she finds it lodged within the thick flesh and scales once a few inches of the bloodied blade come out.

So, with a grunt, she brings her fist up and smashes the blade with her enhanced strength before whirling around and jabbing the broken weapon in the Dragon's blinded eye.

Releasing the hilt, her hand flies to the spikes above the Dragon's head, gripping them in a fierce grip as she uses them as leverage to draw her whole left arm back.

Before punching her fist against the pommel of her broken blade, and plunging the whole weapon straight in the Dragon's eye and skull.

She could feel Time slowly start to move once more, yet she felt like this wouldn't be enough to assure her victory, especially now that her weapon is broken.

So she slams her boot on the lower jaw of the Dragon, and heaves out a breath as she lifts up the upper one before breathing in and staring down the throat of the beast, then- "FUS-!" -releasing a Shout straight towards it.

The air warps around her mouth, her throat burning and her chest aching even more than before, yet she wasn't done.

"FUS-!" Another Shout, the warped air twisting even further, the slug like movement slowly growing faster and faster-

"FUS-!" And then Time starts flowing once more, and Yolosqah does not even have a second to roar in pain before his throat swells, and swells, and swells-

Until it explodes in a gory rain of blood, scales, flesh and bones.

Aurelia steps back with pained, bloodied coughs as she tosses the severed, lifeless head to the side, uncaring of how brutally she killed the Dragon that had the honor of challenging her directly instead of being vile like Mirmulnir.

"Sorry…" She rasps out in a rough voice, "But I can't afford to be fair against you guys…" She sighs softly and leans back as a pulse roars out of the corpse, flesh and organs alike turning into bright flaming wisps of energy that flowed into her body and filled with unimaginable strength.

"Toor… Inferno…" A new word, which explained Yolosqah insanely terrifying flames that put Mirmulnir's to shame.

And that's when she remembers about the second Dragon, making her eyes widen in worry, "Leo…" She could hear no sound of fighting, but she could still see the enormous spires of ice stabbing towards the sky not far from where she is right now.

Grunting softly, she swiftly sets out in a run despite how her lungs, throat and chest ached painfully after using so many Shouts back to back, yet she ignored the pain and kept on running as fast as she could.

Until finally, a minute later, she reached a destroyed clearing at the base of the ice spires.

A pulse goes through the clearing as the Dragon impaled upon them starts disintegrating and flowing towards her, yet she barely felt an increase in strength nor did she care as she gaped at the view before her.

It felt like she absorbed an empty husk.

"Hm?" Leonidas perks up from his seat on a broken cube of ice, his staff resting against his side and his gaze moving away from the impaled Dragon, immense spires of ice stabbing through his skull, chest and wings.

While the clearing looked messed up… It barely looked like there was a fight.

Leonidas destroyed the Dragon with ease.

"There's my girl!" He calls out jovially, jumping to his feet and twirling his stuff with a cheery hum. "I must say, that guy was truly horrid company. Especially after I had a Flaming Familia crawl up his ass and explode. He got rather… vocal, after that." Leonidas clicks his tongue and shakes his head with a sigh, as if disappointed in the manner of the Dragon he just fought and did unspeakable things to.

Aurelia gulps and takes the sight in once more.

Her friend, standing happily before the impaled corpse of a Dragon he confidently challenged without care.

For some reason, she finds herself flushing softly.

Why is this sexy?!



A.N. Leonidas will be known and feared as the 'Ass-Destroyer' by the Dragons at this rate, I swear to God.

First an arm up the ass, then a flaming suicidal explosive wolf. What's next? Care to take a guess?

Also, if y'all wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of this current chapter, then hop on over to me Patreon and subscribe to the right tier!


Lotsa love and thanks and hugs for those that do or don't! All kinds of support is appreciated, even a like!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Either way, hope y'all enjoyed the chappy!

Toodles!​

P.S. Have some art of Aurelia!

Spoiler
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, Frost DeSanta, BrendanS.A and 2,223 others
Musashi-Chan
May 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 10
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jun 13, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,436
You know, I could have never imagined that Dragons could talk shit- Or, well… Curse at you with all the vitriol and anger of a hungry, drunk, overworked and racist Italian grandpa from the south.

I mean, Dragons have the greatest form of talking shit – the Thu'um – of all, so potent that it can change Reality and is a pivotal part of their battles.

This Dragon I just fought? Ain't got no Thu'um, motherfucker had pure fucking hate and racism in his fucking lungs.

I didn't even enter his field of view after I shot the fucker out of the sky, and Jesus fuckin' Christ was he already spewing slurs and insults that could give weak of heart folk a seizure.

I was left baffled the whole fight, just… speechless and listening to this hollering Dragon shit talk me while getting his ass beat and demolished.

And then I accidentally killed his ass when I used a bit too much Magicka while using my Frost Magic.

At least that taught me that yes, my skill with my Frost Magic improves massively with my evolution, as before I could have never been able to unleash such massive spires of ice so easily or quickly. Hell, I probably wouldn't have been able to unleash them at all in the first place.

But now? Now it came off as quite easy, with my reserves of Magicka being around… ten or so times bigger, I'd say. Which is an enormous upgrade, but seeing how fast the requirements for my next Evolutions escalate, I'd say it's worth it.

Even my only Frost Spell grew a lot more powerful, with the size of the beam having nearly tripled and its biting coldness having grown several folds.

Again, such big increases in strength make me fear what the true heavy hitters can do.

Still… I at least discovered something else. For one...

[A Dragon Soul has been absorbed!]

[Dragon Soul]

The powerful Soul of an ancient, timeless being. Their very existence ignores time, and they grow mature through meditation, or by preying upon the Souls of their Kin.

This Soul can be used to grant a Unique upgrade to a Spell or Skill. Such upgrade will not count into the Spell Evolutionary Slot.

Or, instead of granting a Unique Upgrade for a Spell or Skill, the Dragon Soul can be used to learn a single Word of the Dragon Language.​

I can indeed absorb Dragon Souls- And thanks to Aurelia, I presume that what I absorb is not the Soul itself, but the energy that makes it up, seeing how she devoured the real thing when she approached the impaled Dragon corpse.

That is an enormous relief to me.

Still, the Dragon Soul is indeed insanely valuable. The Unique Upgrade for a Spell, or the chance to learn a single Word for the Thu'um.

Dunno if it's a random Word, a Word of my choice, or one related to the Dragon I fought like with how it works with Aurelia.

Still, it is insanely valuable.

Speaking of my friend- "How do you feel?" I ask softly, crouched down beside the seated Aurelia, her back against one of the trees that survived her battle.

We are close to the corpse of her Dragon – which seems to have been decapitated – and I presume the temperature in the area is still quite high as the snow evaporates before reaching us.

I mean, there's a literal molten trench close to us. Yolosqah clearly had a fire breath that is pure bullshit.

"Tired…" Aurelia sighs softly, eyes closed and head rested back against the blackened trunk of the tree. "Full of energy, and very sore…"

Right, she killed and absorbed the Soul of a very powerful Dragon. I'm sure there is a point where she will feel so full of energy that she'll actually be sick.

Her Soul is that of a Dragon, but her body is that of a mortal human, the difference between the two is immense, and it'll be a while before her body can digest and catch up with such levels of power.

My eyes trail down her form, and to her right side, where her armor has clearly been shattered, exposing the black skin-tight bodysuit beneath.

With each movement, more pieces of her armor fall off, revealing more of her very fit and curvaceous body beneath. But I also notice how she is avoiding that side and is leaning on the other.

I have Restoration Magic now, so-

[Anodyne]

A simple yet effective Healing Spell. A small dome of Holy Magick that heals any ally within while also burning any Undead or Dark creature in its vicinity.

(0/5)​

A small dome of lime green light spreads out around me, being around four meters in diameter in total.

Aurelia gasps, then sighs softly and relaxes once the dome of light appears, her posture shifting as the pain visibly leaves her face and body. "An Undead with Holy Magick… Well, at least it's you."

I tilt my head at that, "Should I take that as a compliment?"

"You'll take even being called stupid as a compliment."

"Why, thank you, my fair lady." She groans with a smile on her face, her posture relaxing even further as her tired eyes finally blink open.

She breathes in and tilts her head, then focuses her gaze on me, "Why did you let me fight alone?" I hum, hearing no anger or hate within her voice. Just genuine curiosity.

I remain quiet and mull over my words as my gaze trails to the decapitated corpse of Yolosqah, a very honorable Dragon who has my thanks and respect.

This fight is something that Aurelia needed. As I said before I left, I can't always by her side, and I cannot let the confidence and assurance I bring by being with her harm her when I am no longer around, either for one reason or the other.

"You were afraid." I start, turning my gaze back to her, "The Dragon in Helgen, the feeling of inadequacy he made you feel, the terror he rooted in your heart through the show of his power… It all lingered in you, and appeared each time you fought a Dragon."

"I saw it when Mirmulnir appeared, where you had a choice to run away… But now the Dragons know about you, know who you are, and can feel your general location, so running away isn't possible anymore."

"Mirmulnir fell due to mostly my action, so that fear you felt still lingered in you… And yet, you felled Yolosqah, who was far mightier than you."

Her gaze turns away, "I fought dirty."

"You fought using the tools at your disposal." I point out, "That is not fighting, but being resourceful. Would you say a Dragon fights dirty by the mere fact he uses his tail or claws instead of their Thu'um?" Her shoulders sag in defeat.

"Do not look down on your capabilities. I may not have watched the fight, but I know you were downright amazing." I raise my hand, then clench it into a fist and offer it to her as Anodyne slowly fades away.

Aurelia blinks, then smiles beautifully and bumps her own fist against mine. My fist opens up, and she takes my hand to help her stand up, more of her armor falling apart as she does so.

A sigh leaves her lips at that, "Years of traveling with this armor, and it took a Dragon to finally break it." Which, to admit, is insanely good. Whoever made this armor should be proud.

"It's a good thing we will have a great deal of money once we manage to sell the crown." To be fair, whoever wins the auction will also lose too.

Why? Because a great deal of their money will go upon acquiring the Jagged Crown. That's a great deal of war funds that they will throw away for a simple sentimental object.

Those who lose, while mad, will also gain a bit of an advantage, as they might be capable of affording more troops, paying them the same like before, and buying food and rations without digging through their reserves.

While the losers will have to look over their finances for a long while.

"And I need a new sword too…" Aurelia hums, and I tilt my head in thought.

"There might be a sword you could use, and that is made to hunt Dragons…" Dragonbane is a katana-like sword that deals extra damage to Dragons in the game, but it might be different here.

And I do not know if Aurelia even prefers using one-handed weapons. Unless the world bends over backwards and makes Dragonbane a greatsword just for her.

Aurelia gives me a strange look, "I'd still need a spare though, since I doubt it's close to Whiterun." I make a so-so gesture with my hand, which draws out a snort from her. "We can plan on that later. Now, I just want to go home, eat, and sleep."

That I am sure she deserves. "Then come on, I'm sure the horses are scared shitless."

They were, in fact, scared shitless. But at least they were still there, which made getting back to Whiterun a lot easier and faster.

We haven't been away that long- I'd say, at most, two or close to three hours? And most of that time was simply spent traveling between the two places.

Though, funnily enough, our horses barely made it past the gate before a certain redhead pounced upon us.

"You guys fought two fucking Dragons at the same time?!" Damn, have y'all been watching us from a distance this whole time?

It's an obvious thing to do- Watching the sky in the general direction of the previously sighted Dragon, I mean.

"Oh yes, it was a mighty dangerous battle where-"

"He killed his Dragon without breaking a sweat." Aurelia grumbles while tiredly jumping off her horse.

If I could, I'd be pouting at her right now. Still, having Aela and Farkas gape at me does feel good. "I blew his ass up then impaled the poor fucker."

"Do you make it a habit of going around and blowing Dragon's assholes up?"

"I have met three dragons so far, and I've blown two of their assholes up… So yes, it might become a habit." I can already hear the whispers of 'Leonidas, the Dragon Asshole Destroyer' in the wind.

"My brother from another mother." I fist bump the grinning Farkas while Aela sighs and palms her face with a 'Boys.' whisper.

"So you got it easy, while the woman had the worst?" Aela asks with a sharp tone as I get off my horse.

I stare at Aela, arms crossed below her bust and eyes glaring at me.

So I replicate her stance, "So you lookin' down on women now? Is that it?" I reply back with a snobbish, annoying tone.

"I hate you. So fucking much."

"You ain't the one traveling with me." At that, Aela throws a pitiful glance towards Aurelia.

The Dragonborn just whines and lowers her head, "You don't even know half of the bullshit he does…"

"I strip naked and beat people up at night. And hang Bosmer on trees."

Aela and Farkas snorts.

Aurelia turns away.

Aela blanches, then gapes at me in horror, "Ain't no fucking way-!"

"My brother from another mo-"

"Farkas, no!"

I still dap my fucking brother up, uncaring of the whining women.

Then, Farkas suddenly freezes and looks at me up and down, "Did you get bigger?"

"I ate my veggies."

"I hate veggies."

"They help you grow big and strong."

"Then I shall eat my veggies." You hear that, mothers from around the world? It's just that easy.

"Oh right!" I perk up and tilt my head to look at Aela, past the wall of muscles that is Farkas, "Did they end up finding Nazeem yet?" So I can beat his ass up again.

Aela blinks in confusion at my question… Then realization dawns a second later, "It was you!?"

"My brother from another mo-"

"Farkas, I swear to fucking Hircine!"

Bah, this woman can't enjoy the good little things in life. Like beating up Nazeem and making him disappear.

"Aela, please handle the horses for me." Aurelia growls out as she walks past me, dragging my collar then pulling me along, "I'll bring this idiot home."

"Punish me, mommy."

"Leo, I will crack your skull open."

I just hug my staff and let out a childish huff as I let Aurelia bodily drag me like I weigh nothing.

"Man, I must weigh like a bag full of bones, huh?"

Her knuckles pop from how loudly she is clenching her fists.

I let out another childish huff when she doesn't respond. I guess she is building an immunity to me, so perhaps I should find more people to annoy this way.

"I should probably go and wake up Serana…" I muse aloud. If I can convince her not to go back to her deranged daddy, she could be a good ally.

Plus, sexy goth vampire mommy.

"Who?" Is that steel I hear in thy voice, my dear Aurelia?

Meh, might be my imagination.

"Just a sexy vampire friend who doesn't even know I exist." Yet. But one day she will, and she will regret doing so.

For that is what I love doing!

Aurelia hums, then drops me as we reach our home, and I stare up at her as she brings out the keys to open the door.

Is she mad?

Maybe I took it too far.

I sigh and decide to stay quiet as I stand up, then follow her inside the cozy home- "Hm?" I perk up and look at Aurelia, who is looking towards the left, "A cat? How did it get in?"

I follow her gaze towards the table of the living room, and notice that indeed there is a cat sitting on it, staring right at us.

Small, pitch black, and red eyes.

Aurelia makes to move towards it, but I push the staff in front of her, "You should go and relax. I'll worry about the cat." She gives me a confused look, but is clearly too tired to care or question me, so she nods and sets off with a yawn.

I watch her go, keeping my eyes on her as she does so, and only turn back towards the cat once Aurelia is out of sight.

The moment my gaze lands on the cat staring right back at me, the sense of wrongness comes back full force.

It's like the Uncanny Valley feeling.

A sense of wrongness towards an Artificial Creation, or towards something that mimics a human appearance.

Yet, I feel it towards a cat.

A cat that does not blink, and visibly does not breathe.

There's only one explanation for such a thing.

"Of all the Daedric Princes I thought I'd meet first, you weren't among them… Hircine."

A large, unnatural and unsettling fanged grin spreads across the face of the black cat, its red eyes now outright glowing.

And then, the cat speaks-

"Trust me, I had to bodily fight Sheoggorath to seize this chance."

"Should I feel flattered, or…?"

"No one wants you two to meet- Well, beside Mehrunes Dagon."

"Oh come on, we ain't that bad."

The cat that is Hircine gives me a look.

I sniff and turn away. He got me.

"Let's just get to why I am here, before Sheoggorath tries to strangle me for wasting time."

And that is why that insane God is the one I worship!


xxxXXXxxx​


Aurelia glares at the bubbles before her as she taps the Magicka Stone enchanted with a water Spell, turning off the stream of hot, clean water.

Stupid, dumb skeleton.

Him and his stupid jokes, his weird existence, his dumb jokes, his violent attacks at night against innocent people, and his stupid jokes.

Why does that idiot have to be so damn attractive- Aurelia pushes her heated face underwater the moment that thought crossed her mind.

What the hell is wrong with her?

Why is she so stupidly focused on that silly fool? So much so that she feels… strangely on edge when he shared words with Aela earlier.

Like she wanted him to be focused on her, and only her.

Her cheeks burn even harder at that.

'Is it because of how much skin and cleavage Aela's armor shows?' Should she do that too…?

The water splashes everywhere as she hurriedly shakes those dirty thoughts out of her head. Perhaps she should have made the water cold, instead of hot.

Shaking her head, Aurelia allows herself to relax.

It's not like Leonidas has actively shown interest in anyone-

'Just a sexy vampire friend who doesn't even know I exist.'

Her hair flutter, the water boils, and her Magicka runs rampant for a split second.

The entire house quivers.


A.N. Leonidas, making ladies jealous without realizing.

Also, yes. Aurelia is possessive due to her Dragon side.

If y'all wanna read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of the current one, then feel free to hop on over to my Patreon, subscribe to the right Tier, then read away!
Lots of love and hugs to all those supporting me! Y'all are wonderful!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed this!

Toodles!​
Last edited: Jun 13, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, Frost DeSanta, BrendanS.A and 2,347 others
Musashi-Chan
Jun 13, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 11
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,526
"You have a request for me?" I parrot, mostly out of pure surprise and disbelief, as I stare at the pitch black cat sitting on the table before me.

Said cat nods while absentmindedly licking his paw, "Not just me. Some of the other Daedric Princes will surely have requests for you in the future. And of course, there will be rewards."

"Be it valuable information that some would die for, or tools that can assist you and your friend. Or even Artifacts." The powerful voice coming from the cat drawls out, and I find myself a bit… enticed, I'll be fair.

Anything that I can gain when I have nothing against a horde of Dragons is always very welcome.

Especially the chance of gaining a possible Daedric Artifact.

Still- "Any reason behind this… peculiar interest in me?" I have an inkling, but I'd rather be certain.

The cat's glowing blood red eyes turn to burn holes through me, "You are… an Anomaly. And quite peculiar."

"Usually, aside from Cults or certain Rituals, us Daedric Princes rarely interact directly with Nirn-" Aside from when Mehrunes Dagon tried to destroy it and ended up catching hands from Akatosh himself. "-but you are clearly an outsider. From out of this Reality."

"You appear within the blink of an eye out of nowhere, with a Soul far more voracious than the Souls of Dragons themselves. Interacting with you, and through you, is a way for us Daedric Princes to take care of… annoying issues."

Ah, so they basically want me to be their errand boy on Nirn because they cannot directly act without breaking some sort of rule, or something like that.

"Then I presume there is an issue you wish to be taken care off?" The cat nods, somehow boring a very… furious expression on its face.

"I pride myself in being fair to my followers. If one dislikes bearing Lycanthropy, they can gain a chance to be free of it. The mentality I share with my followers if one shared by a pack of wolves."

"The strong rule, the weak follow, and the children are protected… And yet, recently I have been made aware of a group of Werecrocodiles that have made hunting the children bearing Lycanthropy for sport."

I find my hand tightening around my staff, a surge of emotions I haven't felt in a long while surging up within me.

Are you fucking kidding me? Making hunting children a fucking sport?! How sickening do you need to be to go ahead and do that!?

"I could do this for free." I nearly growl out, but force myself to quench my emotions as Hircine chuckles coldly.

"Do feel free on making them beg for death. They are a group of five Argonians working as Mercenaries and should arrive in Falkreath by week's end." So in about five days… Gotcha.

I know Aurelia will want to come with me to deal with this, which I don't really mind.

Anything of value near or around Falkreath though? Could make a quick stop before returning to Whiterun to get some stuff.

Maybe Halldir's Cairn? Could do well to get rid of that fucker while we're at it.

"As for the rewards… I can give you one of my greatest hunters, to Conjure and command whenever you see fit." Hircine hums in thought, before tilting his feline head to stare towards the ceiling, "As for the Dragonborn, if she takes part in doing this favor for me, I could give her one of my less useful Artifacts. Perhaps an armor, since hers has been broken." Oh? The Savior's Hide?

That could be useful to have for Aurelia until we get something that far outclasses it.

Plus, having a personal and powerful summon from Hircine is also quite enticing for me.

Still, these 'mercenaries' are going after the children, meaning that Lycanthropy can be passed down to one's children.

Doesn't sound nice, but for those that worship Hircine and are happy with the curse, they surely won't have a problem passing it down.

Plus, as the Daedric Prince just told me, those who wish to leave can be tested and can escape the curse.

"I guess we have a deal." There is no real reason to refuse such a good thing. Plus, it will only help keep me in good favors with Hircine for taking care of this issue for him. "Consider me available for any future requests too. I'll never turn down a good reward." And a chance to yoink some Souls from some bastards.

Hircine chuckles good-naturedly, "I fear the consequences that will come if I were to try and hog your services all for myself." Just what is Sheoggorath threatening them with-

Actually, never mind. I don't wanna know.

I'd probably use the most outta-pocket and horrifying threat I could think of to make a literal Reality Bending being fear me.

And Sheoggorath will back those threats up. He is literally all 'Fuck around, find out, and amuse me'.

"I presume Meridia's request is among the lines of 'Kill yourself!', or something." Hircine snorts and turns his gaze away.

"She has been trying to maim Arkay for blessing you, so…" These Daedric Princes are fucking hilarious. I'm already liking them.

Aside from Molag Bal. Fuck that guy.

I notice Hircine perk up, gaze flicking towards the ceiling once more, "I shall take my leave now." The powerful voice rumbles out softly, "I will come before you once more when my request is fulfilled." Don't worry, I'll make sure to brutalize those twisted fucks.

With those last words, the cat just… disappears, like it was never there.

No sound, no smoke, no nothing. Just gone in a blink.

Creepy.

I hum, then reach behind myself and to the belt keeping my robes mostly tight around my form, then yank the small pouch given to me by Aurelia before we started riding back to Whiterun.

Opening it reveals the dusty Jagged Crown. You better bring in a lot of money, else I'm just chucking you into a goddamn ditch.

Or use you to beat up Nazeem. Whenever he comes back.

"Leo?" A cute yawn drags my attention away from the dusty crown and towards Aurelia, who is wrapped up in a fluffy white robe that exposes a bit of her long legs and plenty of her cleavage.

You tryna tempt me into sin, woman?!

"Going to sleep?" I ask, and Aurelia nods cutely while rubbing her closed eyes. "Then go ahead, I'll go off to take care of some stuff."

She nods again and turns away, "Don't beat anyone up." She drawls out while walking off towards her room.

I snort and shake my head, then stand up and stash away the now closed pouch. Might as well go and find the Merchant Guild to see if I can set up an Auction, or have the Jagged Crown be put up for an already existing one.

Shouldn't be too hard to find the Merchant Guild, as Aurelia said it's a very massive building with a golden chalice symbol above the front doors somewhere in the Cloud District.

With a mental sigh, I stand and leave my home, ignoring the slight bustle of the streets, the patrolling guards and the chatting citizens.

It's late in the morning, so there is quite a bit of activity. Especially since Whiterun is a very active city in the first place.

Being right in the middle of Skyrim makes it the hub for merchandise to go a bit everywhere, like I have heard Helgen used to be before its destruction.

Helged was the main source of outside goods for Skyrim as a whole, as it occupied the main road that comes into the region. Falkreath occupies the other one, but it isn't as big as Helgen used to be.

Now, only Falkreath and Whiterun stand to spread resources around, and without Helgen things will slow down quite a bit, while costs will rise exponentially.

Of course, despite this incoming crisis that even a kid can see coming from a mile away, and the threat of the Dragons… The Imperials and Stormcloaks most definitely will not have talks of a ceasefire until such things are handled.

How fucking idiotic.

I shake away those thoughts and enjoy the sights while wandering around.

My gaze drifts past the enormous Jorrvaskr as I walk by the large dead tree in the middle of the square, step past a bridge over a rushing canal of water, then stop at the top of a large staircase.

I can see hundreds of houses from this high. Maybe even more than a few hundred. Whiterun is truly enormous, and this is just one side of it.

Still, this vantage point at the top of the stairs helps me locate the rather enormous building that is the Merchant Guild. And I mean it when I call it 'enormous'.

Damn thing is at least six stories tall and two times larger than fucking Jorrvaskr itself. Guess they went all in with this building.

It seems to be in a square too, but this one is filled with stalls of all kinds. Fresh raw meat, pelts, herbs, gems, fishes, books- So on and so forth.

It has a large amount of traffic, with each stall being quite big and professional looking, with each person manning said stalls wearing robes with golden chalices marks on them.

So this is a different kind of market than the one before the main gates. Perhaps this one is the market where the quality is assured, and its mainly for the wealthy.

While the markets by the main gates are manned by those that can and will swindle you with counterfeits and other bullshit.

I hum and walk around the large area with the stalls and waves of people coming and going, the chatter being quite loud as people barter for the wares, telling me there is no set price.

The main doors to the Guild's interiors are open, with some of the workers walking out with boxes that are then delivered to some of the stall owners outside, who swiftly refill their wares once they start to dwindle.

They are very professional and work incredibly fast. Fascinating.

The main hall, aside from the workers, is mostly empty, with it being a large open space with red carpet covering wooden floors, lit lanterns hanging from the ceiling, and paintings of all kinds hanging from the walls.

Coupled with small pillars holding precious vases and even ancient looking swords here and there, clearly just pieces placed here for show and not meant to be for sale.

At the other hand of the hall are several receptionist areas, and one of the workers behind said desk perks up, "Welcome, sir! How may I be of help?" Huh, she's cute.

"Greetings to you, young lady!" The Breton woman professional smile turns a bit genuine at my enthusiastic tone, "A friend of mine told me that the Merchant Guild holds auctions. May I inquire on when the next one is held?"

She blinks and straightens herself, "We indeed do, and the next auction will be within three days." Damn, I am quite lucky then. "Would you like to buy a participation ticket, or put an item up for the auction?"

"The second one." I pause, "Is it possible to have some privacy in regards to showing off the item I plan on putting on for auction?" The woman's eyes twinkle with barely restrained interest as she stands.

"Of course, sir!" How energetic and enthusiastic. "Please, follow me!" Walking around the table, she leads me one of the rooms to the right end of the large open hall.

The room opens up into a long hallway filled with doors, all of them open and showing the insides of a very welcoming room clearly meant for private business transactions.

"Please, wait here while I go and call for the Auction Manager! Shall I call for someone to bring some beverages while you wait?"

I chuckle and wave off her request as I step into the room, "There is no need for that. I'll simply wait here." With a smile and nod, the young Breton woman all but skips away as I take a seat at the table in the middle of the small yet welcoming room.

A table and two chairs in the middle, then two couches facing each other and a tea table between them right to the side.

They spared no expenses in making a comfortable room for the business transactions, huh?

The sound of footsteps brings my attention away from inspecting the room and back towards the door just as the young Breton woman steps back into view, followed by a rather large Argonian with yellow scales.

And by large I mean that this motherfucker is bigger than Farkas himself. Jesus, what is this dude being fed?

I stand as the towering Argonian steps in, a very visible amicable expression on their reptilian face and eyes, "Greetings, sir…?"

"Leonidas." I introduce myself, grasping and shaking the much bigger offered hand.

"Ser Leonidas." The Argonian nods, "Mine name is Teeba-Gei, a pleasure." Stepping in and retrieving his hand, Teeba-Gei sends a look towards the Breton woman, who nods and steps out of the room while closing the door.

"Shall we take a seat, then?" I nod and motion towards the table, taking my chair while the Argonian takes the one opposite mine, "Now, my friend has told me you have something you wish to put up for auction, yes?"

Once more, I nod and reach for my pouch, "Indeed. It is something I recovered from some Nordic Ruins just up north earlier in the morning." Placing the pouch on the table, I push it towards the curious Argonian, "At first, I thought this item to be a legend, but seeing that I found it atop the head of a Draugr…"

I motion towards the pouch, giving Teeba-Gei the go ahead. Clawed and scaly fingers pry the pouch open, then slowly draw out the dusty Jagged Crown, "Oh my…" The Argonian whispers, eyes widening and studying the object with clear fascination. He clearly recognizes it.

"Now I understand why you wish to keep this transaction private." The business-argonian before me hums softly, which resembles a gentle hiss-like sound, "A nice piece of history, from way before the time the Jarls even existed."

"You could get quite a few good favors if you give this item to a certain group of people." The Argonian drawls out, eyeing me curiously.

I shrug, "That would lead the opposing party to be pissed with me, plus… Would the monetary gain truly be as high as having the two sides just wildly bid for it within an auction?"

Teeba-Gei lets out a sharp and happy hiss-like laugh, "Oh, you have the mind of a true merchant, my friend! You can avoid making enemies of either side while also pulling in a greater amount of money with little to no effort. Your cunning mind has my respect." He inclines his head with closed eyes as I chuckle softly.

"You don't need to verify if the Crown is the real thing?" I ask curiously despite myself, drawing a hissed chuckle from Teeba-Gei.

A clawed finger reaches up to tap at his nostrils with an amused glint within his reptilian eyes, "I have recently been in contact with the bones and scales of a Dragon, the one you yourself helped in felling-" He recognizes me, huh? "-so I can smell the scent of a Dragon coming from the parts used in forging this crown here."

"Even after all these years, through the stench of death and dust… The scent of a Dragon still lingers, as powerful as always." Is that a worshipful tone I hear?

"Then I take it that it can be put up for auction?" I had to resist the urge to cackle in glee and rub my hand like a goblin, but goddamn am I looking forward to all the money that will just pour in.

Teeba-Gei nods, "But of course. The Merchant Guild will retain twenty-percent of the final bid, and we will, of course, make sure that all interested parties will be…" A snake-like tongue flicks out to lick the scales around the lips, "Notified, about this item being put up for auction." Oh, I already like this guy.

"I'm sure that they will try to get to me before the auction." I drawl out as I lean back, knowing very well that they cannot afford to throw so much money for the Crown, so they will try to find me and 'kindly ask' me to hand it over for a much smaller meager sum of Septims.

"They will." Teeba-Gei nods, "But they won't find success through us. We pride ourselves in keeping all transactions that are meant to be private exactly that. No bribing is tolerated within our Guild. So if they try to question us, they will be led to the door."

Yep, I like this guy.

Plus, they will only keep twenty percent. I expected them to barter for much more, but they aren't greedy. The Merchant Guild is turning out to be quite reliable.

"Then I believe it is a pleasure to do business with you." I stand and offer my gloved hand, which is happily grasped and shaken by the towering Argonian.

"Oh, Ser Leonidas. Trust me when I say that the pleasure is all ours."

Now I just gotta wait for the Imperials or the Stormcloaks to deliver their pockets full of gold to me.


xxxXXXxxx​


"With Helgen now gone, the area around it is now free for us to use to move our troops around discretely."

"Falkreath is still in the way, sir. And despite the fact that they claim to be neutral to all, it's a known fact that Siddgeir, that milk-drinking bastard, is a filthy Imperial supporter."

Ulfric scoffs, a snarl coming upon his face, "Dengeir was a fine Nord and a proper Jarl. That vile nephew of his only got his position due to Tullius machinations and schemes." Another scoff, and his fist nearly crashes down upon the war table before him, "We cannot move around that area carelessly, lest Tullius is tipped off by that traitorous Nord."

One of his generals leans forward, his large war-ax rested against the table to his right, "Why not get rid of that milk-drinker? With Dengeir back on the rule, we could focus on Dawnstar and get more than half of Skyrim under our control." Dawnstar…

Just thinking of that Hold left a sour taste in Ulfric's mouth. The moment he was captured and voice spread, the Imperials used that surge of high morale of theirs and the low morale of his troops to attack and conquer Dawnstar.

By the time the Dragon destroyed Helgen and he managed to flee, it was already too late, and now the Imperials have a Hold dangerously close to Windhelm.

Good thing Winterhold is neutral and watched over by those damnable Mages, else...

"Siddgeir is still the nephew of someone I call a proper Nord brother…" Could he bring himself to kill off that traitorous bastard?

Of course. He has done far worse things in life.

"Move the troops near Falkreath, but stay far away from the patrol routes." Hard choices have to be made for the good of Skyrim.

"This could backfire on us." Another one of his trusted generals points out, "Falkreath is neutral, and despite the clear support Siddgeir has for the Imperials, he doesn't allow any of their soldiers to patrol or set up camp near it as far as we know."

Ulfric frowns at the logic, "And if we attack it, we might make Whiterun hostile, as it too is a Neutral Hold in the Civil War." Curse Balgruuf and his cowardice in making the right choices.

They once fought side by side, but now he turned his back on a former brother-in-arms in need. I thought you were better than that, Balgruuf.

"Then we must be discreet-" The doors to the room are pushed open, and Ulfric smiles when the imposing form of Galmar Stone-Fist, the second-in-command of the Stormcloaks and trusted brother of his, strides in with quick and powerful steps.

"The Crown has been found." The large pelt wearing man announces as he draws close to the war table, making Ulfric frown in confusion.

Then realization, "That legend you told me about?"

"A legend that is true." Galmar states, hands coming down to rest on the table with a large map on it, "Some bastard found it exactly where I thought it would be, and put it up for auction in Whiterun."

"You mean… The Jagged Crown of King Borgas?" One of the generals asks in a whisper, and Galmar nods sharply.

At first, Ulfric thought going after such a legend was a waste of time, resources and man… But now, seeing the sheer worship and respect within the eyes of his generals… Now his mind was slowly changing.

If this is the effect it had on his generals, then what kind of effect would it have on the young Nords?

"I received word that the auction will be held soon, two or three days at most." Galmar keeps going, "Ulfric, we need to get that Crown for you."

"If we received word, Tullius must know about it too." He points out.

"Then we must outbid that fucker, lest he puts the Crown on the head of that dumb woman." Damn elf-loving wench…

"Can we find who put the Crown up for auction through the Merchant Guild?" He asks, but Galmar scoffs.

"Those bastards would rather kill their newborn than go against their Oaths." He could respect that, at least.

With a sigh, Ulfric straightens himself, "Get me my horse."

The things he does to win this damn war.


xxxXXXxxx​


"Are you insane?!" General Tullius's voice boomed across the throne room, his eyes nearly spewing out flames, "You wish for me to throw money away to bid for a stupid Crown?! Do you think money grows on trees or something!?"

Tullius had to wonder if Elisif, while growing up, spent more time caring about her beauty than to raise her smarts.

Because sometimes he was really baffled at the sheer idiotic requests the beautiful Jarl had for him.

And now she wishes to make him bid for a stupid Crown of all things?!

A Crown that was found on the head of a fucking corpse!?

Elisif frowns from her spot on the throne, clearly not happy at his improper outburst, "I care not about the Crown or what it symbolizes for the Nords." The woman bites out, and Tullius forces himself to swallow his anger to listen.

"But that does not mean we can let it fall in Ulfric's hands. My husband's murderer will use that damnable thing to rally more fools to his cause, which will be a problem for the both of us."

Color him impressed… For once, the woman said something intelligent.

His eyes flicker towards the hooded Thalmor to her right, and he does his best to keep the scowl off his face at the sight. 'Are those her words, or the words of these animals?'

"What you say holds merit, but the outcome will be a loss even if we acquire the Crown." He points out, and the frown on the beautiful woman's face only deepens.

"Elaborate." Of course. Must he spell everything out like with children?

"Ulfric Stormcloak will bring a great deal of funds to bid for the Crown, as he cannot afford to threaten others to back-off within the Merchant Guild Auction Hall."

"So in order to best him, I must bring greater funds than he does. If I do so, and use them to win, then I stop him from getting the Crown… But give him an advantage over us in terms of monetary stability."

"If we do lose, while we keep our stability, he'll gain a lot of supporters and may even recruit a surge of foolish Nords to his side."

Elisif frowns and falls deep into thoughts, and Tullius begs the Divine above to give her just a tiny bit of intelligence to call of this 'order' of hers.

"Then do not acquire the Crown." Tullius releases a breath of relief, "But bid for it either way." Then nearly chokes on her next demand.

"Why?"

At his question, Elisif smirks cruelly, "Just make Ulfric waste as much of his funds as possible. Stop when you feel like he is nearing the end, or you feel like he is discovering our ploy."

General Tullius straightens himself and furrows his brows in thought, but Elisif keeps speaking, "If winning or losing will spell bad for us, then we'll do neither."

"We'll make Ulfric waste a great deal of his money and acquire a greater amount of troops… Then watch as he can't afford to keep them under his pay due to his lack of funds."

"And with Helgen gone and trade slowing down greatly, prices will go up exponentially, and Ulfric will be unable to make enough to satisfy the needs of his army."

"This way, we create a situation where in the end, we are the victors."

General Tullius blinks and nearly gapes at the smirking woman on the throne.

When he asked the Divines to bless her with a modicum of intelligence and wisdom, he did not expect them to actually fucking do it.

But by the Divines isn't he fucking loving this!

"Then, by your leave…"

"I will pray for your success, General Tullius."

Perhaps, in the future, he'll make sure to tell Ulfric that this ploy was created by Elisif of all people.

Just to further irate him before the ax comes down to take off his head.




A.N. Leonidas finds a way to inconvenience other people even across Skyrim.

Again, apologies for the slow update speed, the heat is a killer.

Still, hope y'all enjoyed it! And if you wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my Patreon and pick the right tier to do so!

p at re on.com /SamuraiCheem
P.S. A possible 'I, Dragon' fic might be in the works. Blame Shiro.

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Frost DeSanta, BrendanS.A, Daniil and 2,142 others
Musashi-Chan
Jun 29, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 12
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jul 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,633
"Leonidas, cease and desist."

"I'm going to have an aneurysm if I keep holding myself back."

"You cannot have an aneurysm, you dolt."

"Gonna give myself a fuckin' concussion then!"

"You can't feel that either…" Aurelia sighs, dragging me bodily across the ground even as I snarled and outright fucking barked towards my nemesis. The bane to my existence.

The motherfucker who had a youtuber kill him once a day for who knows how long.

Nazeem.

He is back, looking rather traumatized and jittery. Good.

"I'm gonna set your house on fire, boy!" I howled after that son of a bitch, "Sleep with one eye open! Am comin' for seconds!" Hmm… Perhaps I am going a bit overboard.

...Nah. Actually, I think I am being too lenient.

He is a squishy human, after all. He can't take backshots like the Dragons do.

"Why are you like this?" I lean my head back as I cross my arms, staring up at the nicely dressed Aurelia dragging me along the ground with ease.

All just to keep me from being a rabid animal in public and mauling Nazeem into a vegetable.

"I crave problems, not peace." Tis the meaning of my existence, after all. To shower the world with problems and my insanity.

...No shit Sheoggorath loves my dumbass.

Aurelia sighs deeply, as if she expected such an answer but was hoping for something else, "Of course you do." Is that amusement I hear in thy voice, my fair lady?

Anyway- "So… Where might you be dragging me?" I can walk, but this is fun. Plus, I'd definitely run after the skinnier and traumatized Nazeem if I am released within the next few minutes.

I am that much of a rabid animal.

"I'm going to the local Temple of Arkay." Oh dear…

"How unlucky that I cannot shit myself right now."

"Leo!" Aurelia sputters at my crude words, making me hold back a cackle as she nearly stumbles and falls.

"Forgive me." I sigh out, faking a sad tone, "Allow me to imprecate during mine last minutes in this world! For I shall soon stop… being non-alive, I guess?" How do I talk about dying, when I am dead already?

This is weird…

Aurelia huffs, giving my collar a fierce tug as she does so, "I'm never going to kill you, you dolt…" Why does her voice sound so cute?

"How cute." She huffs again, and I can tell that she is pouting even without looking at her. "Still, why the Temple of Arkay- Oooh, gotcha." Right, the Dragon Priest sealed beneath Whiterun.

Aside from the eight original Dragon Priests residing in Skyrim – Actually, nine Dragon Priests, as there is one hidden near Ivarstead that does not give a Dragon Priest Mask upon death. Arcwind point, I believe.

I remember the map giving out that Dragon Priests' location too, plus three others. One is currently in Whiterun, one in Arcwind point, one… Huh, the other one is near Ysgramor's Tomb.

And finally, the last one is very likely in Saarthal, remembering the area where I saw the mask on the map. So, perhaps I should fear a Dragon Priest juiced up on the Eye of Magnus.

"Not just that." Aurelia points out, making me perk up as she lifts me to my feet with laughable ease. "I want to buy some Spells too, now that my reserves are much larger." Huh, that is indeed a good investment.

Though, I do wonder how people here learn how to use magic. For me it just clicks once I create them, so it's quite easy.

"Any preferences?" I ask as I glance towards the large gray castle-like building with rainbow-colored windows.

It's very large, with a surrounding garden full of flowers and a few trees. At first sight, this wouldn't make me think that the place is a mortuary, but the crying family of a woman and a teenage kid walking out of the open doors tell me everything.

Aurelia watches them go quietly, gaze slightly downcast before she speaks up, "Probably a stronger Healing Spell-" I raise a hand to state that I have my own, but she swiftly waves me off, "-I can't always rely on you."

I pause, then fake wiping away a tear from my covered eyes, "You are growing up." And here comes back her adorable pout, heh!

"Anything else?"

A thoughtful hum, then a shrug, "I'll see what they have for sale." Fair enough. Still, it's surprising that they sell Spells in the temple of Arkay, but I guess I shouldn't like it is like in the game, where the one that sells Spells in Whiterun is Farengar.

The only thing that guy will sell me is a middle finger after I nearly made him pop a vein.

Still, I should consider creating some other Support Spells myself. Other than Anodyne, which is a Healing Spell, I only have attack Spells.

Ray of Frost requires an upgrade too, as Arcane Cannon just outshines it by a massive margin.

...And I only have one final slot for Spells too, so I better make it count.

Shaking away those thoughts, I let my gaze wander as we enter the temple, which resembles a church from back home.

An altar, benches for people to sit on and pray, and a generally nice and calm atmosphere lit up by candles and lanterns.

I pause when Aurelia kneels down at the entrance, closing her eyes and resting her hands before her chest in prayer, a faint and beautiful smile on her lips.

She stays like that for just a few seconds before straightening herself up with a gentle breath, "It has been a while since I've been in a Temple of Arkay…" She muses wistfully, looking like a massive weight was lifted off her shoulders.

Her faith really gives her a lot of strength, huh?

"Have you ever been a man of faith, Leo?" Aurelia suddenly asks, her voice and gaze curious.

I hum and tilt my head, "In the past, I used to be." I state, my voice lacking my usual jovial tone, which Aurelia swiftly notices.

"What happened?" She asks softly, seemingly wanting to grasp my hand but relenting from doing so.

What happened indeed…

Faith in God was in the family back home, so I grew up the same… Then grew out of it and into being an Atheist.

"I had the belief that life is like being on a boat." I muse softly, earning a curious gaze from my friend, "But that you could only row the boat, and that God was the one steering it. So I had to row it through calm or raging waters, without ever knowing the destination ahead and what to expect."

"...But then the calm waters disappeared, and all I faced were raging waves and unending storms… Until I just said fuck it and stopped rowing, uncaring if the boat capsized." I shrug, "I gave up on achieving my dreams and simply decided to be content with what I had."

And so, I started a slow life of working odd jobs and just playing away. I had my pets, I had my games, and I made enough to live. That, in my eyes, was more than enough.

My dreams were costing me too much to chase, and they weren't really a must that I needed to achieve to have a nice and comfortable life.

"Be content with what you have, huh…" Aurelia repeats my last words softly, a distant look in her eyes.

"Septim for your thoughts?" She startles back into focus, then shakes her head a few times.

"I just thought that, after all these new developments… Despite being disappointed in my own weakness, I'd prefer still being that weak, than… Than being the Dragonborn."

A heavy burden indeed. Especially when the 'You are supposed to save the whole world' thing just hits you all of a sudden.

Like, what the fuck?

In a game that's kinda fine, but in real life that's just… Not nice.

"There shall come a day when I will throw hands with Akatosh for you." I give her a thumbs up, and she gives me a look.

And she just stares at me, flatly, for several longs seconds. "I do not know if you are joking or not… But why do I have this fear in me that you will find a way to achieve that?"

"Believe in the me who has the power of Sheoggorath and sheer crackhead energy on his side." Her lips twitch.

Then a snort escapes her and she turns away, covering her mouth with a hand despite her shaking shoulders. "How do you come up with such idiotic phrases…?"

I was about to answer when a tall man in yellow robes steps out from the back, pausing shortly at the sight of us standing at the entrance.

But he swiftly recovers, and a welcoming smile spreads across his bearded and aged face, "Welcome to the Temple of Arkay, how may I be of assistance?"

Man… What kinda reaction would come outta this dude if he learned that I'm an Undead?

An Undead, within the Temple of Arkay. Heh…

Aurelia steps forward, a warm smile on her own beautiful face, "Two things; First, I was hoping to make a purchase. Do you perchance have Restoration Spells?" The priest straightens himself and nods, smile growing just a tad bit.

"Of course!" He waves us closer as he steps behind the podium on the altar and leans down to gab and pull an aged book into view. One which he swiftly opens up and turns towards us, "Here's what we have on sale- Oh, and the things that have a cross beside them are out of stock, unfortunately."

Aurelia approaches the altar to draw the book closer, a curious look in her eyes, "Doesn't Skyrim have a Magic College?" She asks as I approach her side to peek at the book, listing countless scrolls and magic tomes of all different names.

It even has short descriptions of the spells on them. Quite detailed.

The priest nods at the question, "We do, but they don't really sell in large bulks, or that often. We'd usually get the majority of things from Helgen, and one of our orders… Well, I think you can imagine." Damn, so Alduin very likely scorched their order and they are running a bit dry.

It's gonna be very hard for Skyrim in the long haul. Hell, it feels like Alduin struck there on purpose so to deal a heavy blow to Skyrim's economy, but I know that wasn't it.

"I'll take this one." Aurelia speaks up, tapping her finger on a spot on the book, making me peek over to see what caught her fancy.

'Healing Blast – Conjure a sphere of light and crush it to release a wave of Restorative Magic. The longer the charge, the greater the radius and healing effects.' Huh, that's a cool one.

The priest nods and notes it down, "Anything else?"

I see Aurelia pull back with a hum, so I reach forward to tap a spot on the book, "How about this one?" It's the first one I noticed, and it look quite good, even if it's under the 'Expert Tier' of Spells.

'Wardskin – Create a powerful Anti-Spell Ward and wrap it around your body as a second layer of skin and armor, capable of dampening the effects of most Spells.' It is insanely good, and since Aurelia will mostly fight Dragons, having it at her disposal will help her a great deal.

Aurelia's eyes light up at the sight of the Spell description, but she soon nibbles on her lower lip nervously, "The cost is quite high, though…"

I shrug, "We can come back after the auction." I point out, then turn towards the priest, "Can a tome be put aside for us, or…?"

Fortunately, the priest nods with a gentle smile, "Of course. You can come and pay for it at your leisure." Aurelia visibly relaxes at that, "Anything else I can help you two with?"

A glance is shared, and I make sure there is no one around before giving the priest a look, "This is a bit private, but also a matter that we want to check up on due to being concerned about it." At that, the priest grows serious and nods.

So I do not hold back, "Some time ago, me and my friend here happened upon an ancient relic that revealed the location of several powerful Undead beings that used to serve Dragons, back in the Merethic Era." I do not miss the flash of understanding in the priest's eyes. Good, so he knows. "One of said beings seems to be here. Within or beneath-"

"It is here." The priest cuts me off with a sigh, "I know what you speak of. I've had many Paladins come and try to fell the creature, but… They all just died the moment they stepped past the erected barrier sealing it." Well… Fuck.

Aurelia reaches into her pocket and pulls out a badge of sort, one with a strange circular symbol that I find familiar, yet can't recognize quickly enough. "I am a Paladin of Arkay myself. What can you tell me about this Undead creature?"

"Not much, I am afraid." The priest sighs, a heavy frown on his face, "For all I know, the damn thing can break the barrier and escape with ease, but it just stays there."

"So it's awake?" I question, and the priest nods grimly, making me curse beneath my breath.

He visibly hesitates, but a quick glance at the badge in Aurelia's hand melts it away, "I think it's best I just show you." He motions us to follow him, and we swiftly do so as we step behind the altar and through the doors he came from.

Beyond the doors is a long staircase that leads downward and into a large room filled with other priests and their disciples, each tending to a different corpse and covering them in white and wet long robes.

They pay us no mind as the priest leads us to the right of this large room, opens the door, and starts walking down yet another long staircase.

As we do so, I do not miss the visible and heavy shudder going down Aurelia's whole body. "This feels… Horrendous." She whispers, and the priest nods.

"It gets worse as we draw closer…" He states grimly, while I wonder what the fuck they are feeling.

Having no senses is really so fucking annoying…

Aurelia grows paler and paler as we walk further down, reaching a point where she tightly grasps my hand for support as we near the bottom, where a large pair of armored metal doors lay.

The priest, very pale in the face himself too, turns towards us with a face drenched in cold sweat, "Beyond here is the barrier sealing the damn thing…"

I nod, then look at the downright terrified Aurelia before I step forward to slowly pull the large armored door open with my free arm.

It's covered in rust and is mottled from age, releasing a very loud groan as I drag it across the floor below, revealing the golden see-through wall beyond it.

And past that wall is a massive circular room with a large pyramid-shaped staircase structure right in the middle, the stairs leading up to the middle of the pyramid high in the room.

At the top of it, seated on the open square at the top of the pyramid, is a robed and clearly very Undead figure clad in a simple black, tattered robe clearly decayed by time.

The hood is up, and the skull is covered by a featureless pitch black mask.

On the ground, past the large doors, lay the remains of countless armored figures, their armor now rotten and decayed together with their weapons, their bodies naught but broken skeletons.

And resting on top of the knees of the skeleton sat atop the pyramid is a long blade that I instantly recognize.

"For fuck's sake…" I curse out, then scoff heavily as I push the doors closed.

The would-be Dragon Priest tilts its head towards me as I do so, but says nothing as the doors slowly slam shut.

"Leo…?" Aurelia nervously ask as I turn around.

But a quick look at her makes me refuse to elaborate yet, "Let's go back up for now." I say, and she does not disagree. Neither does the priest, as he swiftly leads the way back up until we are by the doors leading to the mortuary.

Releasing a long and deep breath, the aged priest turns to give me a look, "You know something." He points out, but not rudely so.

Aurelia looks much better now, so I nod. "The weapon that damn thing is holding is a Daedric Artifact- The Ebony Blade of Mephala, to be exact." And they pale once more.

I'd recognize that damn thing everywhere, but thought it would still be in Dragonsreach, not in the hands of that fucking weird ass Dragon Priest.

"Can you tell me what happened to those that stepped past the barrier?" I ask the Priest, hoping he had some insight on the capabilities of that damn thing down there.

"They just…" The man gulps, face going slightly green, "I've only seen it once, compared to those before me, but… Once they step past the barrier, their organs and blood just flow out of their mouth and into the sword on that things lap."

Yeah, fuck this shit. The Ebony Blade is clearly different from the one I know of.

I bet that thing grows stronger with blood and murder, not with just killing those close to you.

"And its name?" I saw it move and look at me while I was closing the door, and the priest did confirm that its awake, so perhaps it also gave a name.

Maybe we can find records of the fucker somewhere, or question the other Dragon Priests once we go and beat them up.

The Priest falls silent for a few seconds before he answers my question, "I do not know what it means… But my grandfather said that it called itself… Dinok?"

Aurelia pales heavily once more. Right, she can somewhat understand the Dragon Language now. "What does it mean?" I ask her softly.

Her dread-filled eyes flick towards me.

"Death."

In the end, we left the Temple of Arkay with a single tome and a rather concerning discovery.

The mere fact that even after absorbing the Soul of a Dragon as powerful as Yolosqah, Aurelia was downright terrified and whimpering just from the presence of that damnable thing is… eye-opening.

It's unnerving, and also annoying. A pressure on our shoulder that we did not need, especially when Aurelia already has a massive weight on them.

I sigh softly and clench my hands together, keeping my gaze on the quiet and seated Aurelia, resting on a bench outside of the Temple of Arkay.

It's best I distract her for now.

"Say…" I start, drawing her attention to me as I sit down next to her, "How does learning a new Spell work?" She blinks, then narrows her eyes out of pure confusion. So I elaborate. "I'm weird, as they just click for me instantly. But I doubt that's the same for you."

I feel like I just said something horrendous, because Aurelia is staring at me with a gaping mouth and horrified, jealous eyes.

"If you say that to other mages, they will want to murder you with their bare hands…"

"Bet." I nod, "Weapon for me to use against mages aside, could ya elaborate?"

She whines and palms her face, letting out a long and heavy sigh that one can only release when interacting with yours truly.

If she didn't already have white hair, then she would have sure as hell gained them after interacting with me for a week.

Shaking her head and giving me an exasperated glare, Aurelia straightens herself and smiles softly, "Well, the way we start to learn a Spell is through the chant."

"We first practice the chant, activating the Spell countless times to get a feel for it. Then you can shorten the chant, memorizing the way Magicka weaves inside your body to replicate the effects of the longer chant."

"And finally, you can forgo said chant once you fully memorize the Magicka weaving process. Though, some Mages still use an incantation or two before using the Spell, as chantless Spells are a bit weaker than the ones with a chant."

I lean back with a hum and cup my chin in thought. So it's not really an easy to master Magic, and it clearly requires a great deal of concentration, sense and also patience.

But this chanting thing is interesting. In fact… It just gave me an idea.

Could I possibly create a Support Spell that makes use of that? If I can empower my Spells before launching them through chanting, it can be quite a game changer.

Problem is, from what Aurelia said, using the chant isn't something all Mages do after they master a Spell. They add it if they want to add an additional bit of power to the spell, but it's not a must. Or a game changer.

Unless…

"Leo?" Aurelia speaks up, head tilted cutely to the side to stare at me after I fell quiet for quite a bit. "What's wrong?"

Could this shit even work? "I just came up with a crazy idea…" I drawl out, my focus going towards the lone Dragon Soul in my 'inventory'. "What if I replace chants… With words from the Dragon Language?"

And now she is gaping at me once more, eyes wide in shock, "C-Could that even work…?"

Let us fuck around and find out, shall we?!

[A Dragon Soul has been used!]

[A Unique Spell has been created!]

[Draconic Chant]

Through the mix of normal Magic Incantation, Mana Weaving method and the Reality Bending Thu'um, a new type of Chanting is born.

Before launching a Spell, Chant a Word of Power that matches it to enormously enhance its power.

Currently, a single Chant can be used. Increase the number of Chants to be chained by upgrading this Spell through the usage of only Dragon Souls.

This Spell cannot Evolve.

(0/10)​

Of course, after seeing this wonderful success, I started cackling like a crackhead high on his next dose.

"L-Leo!?"

I ignore Aurelia's startled shout and grasp her hand to pull her along, "Let us go, my friend! My homie Hircine requires my assistance, and we need to prepare for our travels!"

"H-Hircine!? Leo, you can't just say this stuff and not elaborate!"

I, of course, do not elaborate.

…​

"The auction has already started?" I give our personal Hostess a surprised look, and the cute girl nods with a light smile on her lips.

"Indeed! In fact, I believe your item is next in line?" She seems unsure about that, but it doesn't really matter. "We can go check it out, if you two want to."

I hum, then give Aurelia a look. She just shrugs, "Has anyone asked about us?" She asks instead, and the Hostess nods, growing a tad bit more serious.

"They have. Though, while the Imperials gave up after asking once, the Stormcloaks were the ones that insisted the most." Oh? General Tullius doesn't seem desperate in acquiring the Crown. "I've heard that some of their soldiers even went around asking the civilians, which angered Jarl Balgruuf a great deal."

"I'm sure that after the auction, the Jarl will summon both Jarl Ulfric and General Tullius to Dragonsreach." Guess their asses are in trouble, heh…

"Well, that's amusing." Aurelia giggles softly before shaking her head, "Either way, does your Merchant Guild have any good greatswords for sale?"

At that, the young Hostess perks up with a smile, "We have many indeed, but I am sure you'd require the best ones among our selection." Aurelia nods, gaze serious.

After all, she needs a weapon good enough to fight against Dragons and tear through their tough scales.

"Yes, something that can last me for a good while would be preferable." The Hostess nods at Aurelia's words.

"For one, I suggest putting in an order with the Companions, about possibly having a sword forged with the bones and scales of one of the Dragons you have felled." The petite woman suggests, "It will take a while, and may take even longer to Enchant the weapon. So until then…"

"We have an ancient Dwemer greatsword for sale. Perfect condition, and Enchanted to be sharper and much heavier than normal. That is, by far, the only weapon that I believe can truly assist you."

Aurelia hums thoughtfully, then nods, "Put it on our tab. You can take the money out of the finalized auction."

The Hostess nods with a cute little smile, "Then feel free to check out the auction while I go and get your order ready!" And with that, the little lady hurries away, making my gaze turn towards the large doors to our left.

Past them is the enormous hall where the auction is being held, and where Ulfric and Tullius are surely throwing shade at each other.

"I want to go in there and cause chaos." I just wanna charge in there on all fours, screeching like a psychopath, while also wearing nothing and be this Draugr that appeared out of nowhere.

"Leo, no." Aurelia sighs and palms her face.

If I could, I'd give her an enormous grin, "Leo, yes!"

And with that, I pounce towards the doors and push them open-

"Eighty-thousand Septims!"

"Hah! Since when did the Imperials have so much money?! Have you been sucking off the hairy cocks of your filthy Thalmor overlords for that!?"

"Like you didn't go around begging for scrap money from even children before coming here to bid for a stupid crown, Ulfric."

"One-Hundred-thousand Septims!- True Stormcloaks will do anything to aid our worthy cause! And need I remind you that you are here bidding for said 'stupid crown' too?"

"Indeed, but for an honorable cause. One-hundred-twenty-thousand Septims!- I'll acquire it to stop you from sending young, innocent folks to their deaths by using the damnable thing. You'll use it to turn the young people of Skyrim against each other, like you did with your own High King!"

"Hah! It was a fair duel, but of course that Thalmor worshiping whore doesn't want a real Nord as a High King after her pathetic husband! One-hundred-and-fifty-thousand Septims!"

"Who the fuck shows up for a 'fair duel' with a fucking army at their back? I know you are an insecure little bitch, but still… Two-Hundred-Thousand Septims!"

I whistle and lean against the door at the banter filling the hall while Aurelia gapes with flushed cheeks.

I've heard far worse, and can personally spew out something that can even horrify Sheoggorath, but still… I am impressed.

Still, the last enormous bid shouted out by Tullius clearly makes the Stormcloak side very nervous, with Ulfric seeming hesitant and seeking advice from the wolf-fur wearing man to his left.

At first, I do not see Tullius's face, but when he turns to grin at the man to his right, I instantly have an inkling to his game.

He doesn't want the crown, does he?

I rub my chin with a hum, wondering if I am just having this feeling or if it is an actual plan from General Tullius. To have the Stormcloaks throw away a great deal of money for the dusty, useless crown.

Two-hundred-fucking thousand Septims… I got a tenth of that shit when I german suplexed the fucking Emperor in his own goddamn ship.

I see Ulfric visibly grit his teeth and glare murderously towards the smug Tullius, and just when I think he is going to give up- "Two-hundred-and-five-thousand Septims!"

I whistle at Ulfric's idiocy while General Tullius shrugs and waves towards the Crown, "Make sure to clean it up before putting it on, Ulfric." And with those last words, the man and his associate stand up and leave, barely giving me and Aurelia a glance as they do so.

I look at them leaving, then shrug and give Aurelia a look, "Guess we are rich." I feel like she is about to faint.

This went far better than I expected and hoped, and have now procured myself a large amount of funds that… I do not know what to do with, but oh well.

"Now come on, let us go and get your sword. Aren't you happy Ulfric bought you such a wonderful present?"

Pretty sure the dude is throwing a hissy fit back in the hall, as he must've gotten fucked over by Tullius.

Hopefully, this shit won't complicate matters for us. This damn Civil War should really be put on hold.


.....
​

"I allowed you entry into Whiterun to conduct your business in the auction, but what I did not allow was for your soldiers to harass my citizens without reason!"

"Jarl Balgruuf, they were indeed a bit heavy-handed and rough-"

"I do not care, Ulfric!" Jarl Balgruuf's voice boomed across the hall of Dragonsreach, his voice tinged with fury and his fist hammering down upon the armrest of his throne, cracking the wood in the process.

He fixed the scowling Jarl of Windhelm with a scathing glare, "The failing of your soldiers reflect upon you, Jarl Ulfric." He growls out, inwardly glad that they did not discover the ones who put the Crown up for auction beforehand.

He knows that it was the Dragonborn and her strange but powerful companion that retrieved the Crown from the ruins he requested them to clear of Necromancers.

Farengar had his suspicions on who was buried within those ruins, but Balgruuf had no desire in acquiring the useless thing, even if it could have procured him a nice amount of Septims.

It was best to have fallen in the Dragonborn's hands, so that the woman could make use of it to get a nice amount of gold on her side for any needs she will have in the future.

That was the best he could do to assist her and her companion, especially if they will keep Whiterun safe in the long run.

"I gave you enough courtesy in trusting you within my city, so I had no guard trail you constantly. And that is how you repay me? By bothering my citizens?!" Balgruuf's glare does not diminish as he leans back against his throne. "At least you did not go out of your way to pick a fight with the Imperials."

And thank the Divines that did not happen, as General Tullius only had two Imperials on his side while Ulfric took with him a total of ten soldiers.

Sighing through his nostrils and schooling his expression, Balgruuf turns his gaze towards the quiet General Tullius. Despite his emotionless face, Balgruuf could tell that the man was amused at the bullshit Ulfric walked knee-deep into by his own actions.

"General Tullius." The soldier straightens himself at being called out, "I have sent a request for a Moot to Jarl Elisif many days ago, but I still have not received an answer. May I ask why?"

At his inquiry, the General frowns in confusion. Something that makes Balgruuf's eyes narrow. "I was not informed about such a request, Jarl Balgruuf." So the woman is ignoring his request?

A scoff escapes him, "When you go back to Solitude, please make her aware of it. It is important we hold a Moot." His gaze fixes down on Jarl Ulfric too as he speaks, "And that you attend it too, Jarl Ulfric."

"This Civil War needs to be put on hold until the damn Dragons are dealt with."

Ulfric goes to speak while General Tullius nods grimly, but Balgruuf cuts the man off, "Or would you prefer weakening Skyrim for them to burn to the ground with far greater ease, Jarl Ulfric?"

The man's mouth clicks shut, a glowering scowl upon his face.

Balgruuf could tell that his action may seem as if he was antagonizing the Stormcloaks and favoring the Imperials, but he couldn't give a flying fuck currently.

The thing he cared about the most right now was the safety of his citizens, and the possible survival of Skyrim as a whole.

He blinks and watches as guard comes up from the entrance, Irileth swiftly approaching the man and grasping the letter within his hands.

Said letter is then swiftly delivered in his own, "From the companion of the Dragonborn, my lord." Irileth whispers, making him narrow his eyes and pop the letter open.

"Jarl Balgruuf,

Forgive me for sending you a letter instead of meeting you directly, but it was a bit urgent and I couldn't wait for until you finished dealing with the squabbling fools.

Me and my friend must quickly go to Falkreath to deal with an important matter, shouldn't take more than a day, of that I can assure you- And fear not any attacks from any Dragons, as they can unfortunately track the presence of my dear friend.

Our return shall be swift, but I must boldly request something from you, Jarl Balgruuf.

Please, make sure the mountains around Shearpoint are always under watch. It is of great importance that area is not approached under any circumstance. If anything happens around that area… Pray that we come back as soon as possible.

Until then, do take care.

Leonidas and Aurelia."

His eyes narrow as he reads the last part of the letter several times.

What is so important about Shearpoint? Aside from the Dragon they slayed, which used to circle that area?

No, it is of no matter. "Irileth." The woman stands at attention, "Have the guards with the most keen eyesight keep watch of Shearpoint from now on. Inform me of any development."

His trusted aide does not question his order and swiftly sets out to fulfill it, and Balgruuf sets the letter in his hands on fire through the torch by his side.

He had interacted little with the strange, carefree man named Leonidas, but he had no reason to turn down such a simple yet serious request.

He only hoped nothing would come of it.


A.N. I had to hold myself back from writing Leonidas joining the shit-talking session between Tullius and Ulfric…

Very outta character of him, that is for sure… But if he did join, that place would have turned into a Modern Warfare 2 lobby and somebody would have caught a body. Probably Leonidas.

Either way, hope y'all enjoyed the chappy!

And if you wish to read more of this fic, then hop on over to my Patreon to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Frost DeSanta, BrendanS.A, Daniil and 2,064 others
Musashi-Chan
Jul 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 13
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jul 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,734
"Hircine… asked you for a favor?"

"Yup."

"...The black cat in our living room back then was Hircine?"

"Yup."

"The Daedric Prince Hircine?"

"Exactly that one."

"And he asked you for a favor?"

"You have asked me that question seven times now."

"Sorry… I just can't wrap my head around this."

"And said those exact words five times now."

Poor Aurelia, she looks close to fainting right now. Perhaps I shouldn't have dropped this bomb while we were on horse back, but again, I'd rather do it out in the open with no one to eavesdrop on us than when we reach Falkreath.

Luck seems to be slightly on our side, as there have been no sightings of Dragons this past week. Neither in the distance nor close to the other Holds, as the Jarl made sure to keep us updated every morning.

This made the travel quite easy, especially now that word of the Dragons has spread, making even Bandits retreat back to their large camps and free up the roads.

Still, I do not like how quiet it is. It's like the quiet before the storm, as if the Dragons are waiting for something, or preparing something.

I do not know them that well. I'd like to think that as prideful beings, they'd try to just drive headfirst into all their problems, to believe that might makes right and that is the only way forward.

I doubt they are the cunning sort, resorting to plans and stuff like that. But what if they are listening to others? What if they seek the advice of their Dragon Priests?

Some of them must have surely woken up, whether by chance or by the action of some Dragons, and decided that this time they needed to play smart.

After all, they already lost once, and Alduin got yeeted the fuck away with an Elder Scroll.

Now the guy is wasting time bringing back his fallen 'comrades' one by one. Only reason we aren't being swarmed right now is probably because the majority of them have been taken apart by others and used as stuff to sell to the rich.

And all the Dragons like Mirmulnir that survived the war and are still around, and that still want to join in on the war like the guy whose back I blew out, will probably soon travel here.

All we gotta do is hope that they have a shred of honor and not attack the Dragonborn when they outclass her by more than a fucking mile in sheer power.

Yolosqah was tremendously powerful, but Aurelia played smart and lucked out a victory that helped increase her strength by a great deal.

Perhaps we should really visit the dumb Graybeards, just so we can increase the number of Shouts in her arsenal.

And if they send us to grab that horn thing or whatever, I'll just tell them to fuck off. Hopefully they can do the same thing as in the game and quickly teach Aurelia the Shouts through marking their understanding on the ground.

If she can get her hands on a three word Shout then that'll be a powerful weapon in her hands.

"So, what did he ask?" Aurelia's question brings me out of my thoughts, "It clearly seems to be important, since we are rushing to Falkreath."

I hum softly before sharing Hircine's request, "A group of five Argonians capable of turning into Werecrocodiles have made it a sport to hunt down young children affected with Lycantrophy." My words make Aurelia's eyes blow wide open, "So he asked me to kindly go and unalive them, and he shall reward me! Ain't that grand?!"

"Can I have just five minutes alone with them?" Aurelia asks, a warm smile on her face that hides the horrors and pain she will inflict upon their mortal bodies of flesh and blood and brittle bones, "Just five. Promise."

"I find that brutal side of you very attractive." And there she goes, going back to all bashful and blushing.

Waifu material.

"Shut it." Heh, cute.

I shrug, then hum in thought as something just comes back to mind. Wonder what Delphine is doing right now.

Her way to get us to work for her won't work because we haven't gone to the Graybeards, and I am sure by now she knows how the Dragonborn looks like.

And I am also sure that by now she knows we rushed by Riverwood on horseback not too long ago, so I am curious on what the fuck the bitch is plotting.

Mostly because I want to beat the shit outta her when she approaches us all high and mighty and whatnot.

Like hell I'm going to let the servant threat my sweet Dragonborn like a soldier for her to command.

"Hey, Leo." I perk up and tilt my head towards Aurelia riding beside me on her own horse, my eyes taking in her breathtaking smiling face as she gazes at me, "Thanks for sticking with me."

If I could, I'd blink at her sudden and honest words. "Why such words all of a sudden?" It's surprising, but also lovely to hear.

She shrugs lightly, a content smile on her face, "I'd rather not take this unusual friendship for granted. It's silly, and starts like the beginning of a stale joke… But I'm really happy that I have met you."

Yeah, getting a body back is my fucking priority right now. I'm gonna wife up this wonderful woman.

And speaking of wonderful, I'm never going to get tired of seeing her without her armor on, so I am a bit glad that it broke during the fight against Yolosqah.

She is wearing simple clothes now, a fluffy gray sweater for the cold weather and form fitting black leather pants and boots that really make her ass stand out.

And goddamn what an ass…

Her long and usually free hair are now tied up in a high ponytail, making her beauty appear more refined. She really is irresistible sometimes.

"And I myself used all my luck to have you not smash my skull in." She giggles at that, and I'll always hold our funny first interaction close.

"I have unleashed an idiot upon Skyrim by sparing you, but oh well." She shrugs with a grin, "Where would the fun be in that?"

"Skyrim?" I give her a look, then snort, "My fair lady, you are mistaken."

"The whole of fuckin' Tamriel ain't safe, that I assure you."

"Of course…" Aurelia sighs, but the huge smile on her face does not fall one bit.

"In fact, I'm going to bomb the Thalmors first chance I get." Then throw hands with Molag Bal, 'cause he a whole ass bitch.

"May I join?"

"Joining the dark side, eh?" I chuckle, "Fine, let us spread the insanity of Lord Sheoggorath together!"

"Wait, I take that back-"

"Too late!" I let out a peal of hysterical laughter to prove my point. The horses look so done with me, somehow.

I'm annoying the fuck outta animals too. I'm one of a kind, I swear.

"Hm?" Aurelia suddenly perks up, gaze narrowing towards the distance, but mainly towards the sky, "There's smoke." I turn in the direction she is staring and notice a large plume of smoke rising high in the sky.

"It's not a campfire." I note, as the pillar of smoke is far too big to be from a small campfire. "Perhaps it's a bigger camp. Bandits?" I propose.

Aurelia hums, "Could be. But there is a Civil War going on, so it can also be a war camp." True, those were in the games too. I usually slaughtered everyone in the camps just for fun.

"Awefully close to Falkreath, huh?" I don't like this. Are they planning something? Is Falkreath under Imperial rule?

"I did hear that the Jarl of Falkreath supports the Imperials, unlike his father who supports the Stormcloaks." Aurelia points out, "The Stormcloaks could be taking advantage of that in-fighting to take full control of the Hold."

Which might lead to useless civilian deaths, something that deep down I cannot tolerate.

This whole fucking thing is stupid. I do not side with either group, but Ulfric is a goddamn retard.

Instead of just bearing with this shit for a while and working with the Empire to rebuild forces and drive back the Thalmors, he instead decides to double down and seek both power and reasons to stand at the top of Skyrim.

It's stupid. It's useless. Just an empty fucking title with no damn crown for him to wear.

"I'll gladly say that I am very, very happy that you are here with me." I sigh out after a few moments of quiet silence beside the neighing of our horses and the clopping of their hooves on the beaten road below.

Aurelia perks up at her words, a smile on her face, flush on her cheeks, but a hint of worry in her bright eyes, "What's wrong?"

I hum and consider remaining quiet, but I trust her a lot, so I open up. "If you weren't here, I'd have considered just doing away with my morals and slaughtered their camp directly. Souls free for the taking." Her eyes widen in shock and horror at my words, "At first, I'm sure I'd have fooled myself thinking that by killing them, I'd stop them from taking the lives of innocents."

"Be it Imperial conscripts or just civilians, not that there is much of a difference between the two nowadays." I sigh and shake my head, feeling a sort of revulsion towards the person I could have become if I didn't have an anchor in the form of Aurelia. "So yeah, thanks for being around."

She falls quiet at that, and it doesn't take long after for us to finally spot the large walls of Falkreath, standing right in the middle of a forest filled with enormous trees.

I wonder if they found Faendal back in Riverwood yet… I hogtied that motherfucker way up in a tree as tall as these.

Standing at the front of the gates going into the city are two tall and burly guards, wearing the usual guard armor and helmet, bows and quivers on their back with sword and shield on their right arms.

They don't move to stop us from entering, so I slow my horse down until we come to a stop before the gates, "Good afternoon, gentlemans!" I greet the two guards with a jovial, friendly tone, "Might I ask if you lot have seen a group of five Argonians walk by? Ol' pals of mine, ya see."

Yep, they gonna be very acquainted with me and my fists. And a huge anal bead called Arcane Cannon.

Sadly, the guard on my right scoffs roughly, "Just get on in and get your shit done quietly and quickly. We don't like strangers 'round these parts." A snort akin to that of a pig rings out from the helmet clad head of the large man, "Make a ruckus, and I'll beat the shit out both of ya, understan'?"

Ah, I see how it see. "Me bones be shiverin', my friend." I state with the same jovial tone, "Gotcha though. Y'all a bunch of ol' whiny hairy cunts." Hopefully, not everyone in Falkreath is like this fool.

"Leo!" Aurelia chastises me, though she too is clearly displeased at the guard's words.

I scoff and let my horse walk past the gate as the guard remained quiet at my words, "Was boutta launch myself off my horse and clobber that fucker right in the nuts."

Don't throw Suicide Flame Wolves at these fools. Just don't. Not yet, at least.

We soon find a stall to let our horses catch a rest and fill their bellies, at a quite exaggerated price at that too. I'm already hating this fucking place.

"Shall we split up to find these guys?" I propose to Aurelia as she throws a frown back towards the stalls, clearly upset at the exaggerated price the fucker handling it asked from us.

She remains quiet as she considers it, the large dark gold Dwarven Greatsword strapped to her back looking quite menacing and imposing.

It is enchanted so that it becomes heavier the more Magicka is pumped inside of it, making it quite the good weapon for Aurelia, who prefers heavy weapons but won't have some due to her new insane strength.

With it hanging on her back, I doubt some fools will trouble her, so I am fine with splitting up for a while. Especially since the sun is currently setting.

"Let's meet up here when it gets dark?" She suggests, and I nod in agreement. Might be good to find an inn too, which could also be a good place for those fuckers to be at.

Either that, or a bar of sort.

They must've gotten here this morning, so they should still be staking out a possible victim and looking for their 'prey', or 'preys'. Can't waste too much time in finding them.

Sad that these fuckin' people don't want to fucking cooperate and make my life easier.

"Have you seen a group of five Argonians?" I get ignored.

"Could I ask something real quick?" I get a slur thrown my way.

"You gonna have proper manners and answer a question real quick instead of being a bitch like the rest of the townsfolk?" I nearly started a fight, but the old man backed off when he saw my staff.

So, yeah. Ain't easy when no one wants to help a stranger.

"I really want to set something on fire, I swear to fucking God… Preferably the whole goddamn Hold."

"Yeah, that shit would look fuckin' glorious, am tellin' ya!" I nod in agreement, then come to a pause.

Who the fuck said that?

I turn my head, then look down, and my gaze lands on a short child with rust colored hair and green eyes, a grin on her chubby cheeks. She looks no older than ten or so, but her whole being just radiates mischief and desire for trouble.

My sort of kind.

"Should you be out alone this late, brat?"

"Shouldn't you mind yo' fuckin' business, dude?" I like her.

"Shouldn't you watch your language?"

"Nah, my granny calls it lovely. My big sis would be the lovin' shit outta me though…" At that, she visibly shudders in pure terror.

"Well, shoo along, lass. I won't say anything." She scoffs at my shooing motions, her small fists landing on her sides.

"I know them fuckers you lookin' for." And I stop trying to send her away, "Yeah, that caught yer attention, huh?" She sniffs haughtily, and I resist the urge to pat her head.

"You mean the five Argonians?" She nods, and I hum, "And why are you so willing to cooperate with me?" Her smug face does not change at my question, but I notice the way her gaze flicks around to check on people possibly hearing us talking.

"They just creep me out, alright?" She finally says, looking hesitant and even slightly afraid.

I hum and lean back, "Ah, I get why you are afraid." She is a werewolf child, I presume. Did those fuckers do something to set her off on what they plan to do?

Or is it just a sort of animal instinct she has due to having Lycanthropy?

Her eyes widen at my words, but she relaxes lightly when she notices that I don't do anything. "I've actually been sent by a Higher Up to deal with these bastards, so…" And once more, her eyes blow wide open and her mouth opens to gape at me in pure shock as she instantly realizes who the Higher Up is.

Then, she looks down at the ground in shock, "I'm gonna gut a deer for him." Well, I think he'll appreciate your spirit, I guess?

"Still, you sure you wanna trust a stranger with this?" I do not mind as long as I get to find and body those fuckers and be done with this, but it's kind of weird how eager she is to just trust someone she doesn't know to do this stuff.

The kid shrugs, "Better have a stranger do it than put my big sis into danger." She drawls out, "She's a mage, but these sons of bitches give me the chills." Ah, I see, so it's mostly preservation towards her and her family.

Wise, I guess.

"Fine with me, brat."

"It's Gretel, you fuck."

"Did I ask? And nice to meet you, I'm Leonidas."

"Who gives a shit?" Yep, this kid is a riot.

I snort, then shake my head, "So, where can I find these punching bags?" And at that, she perks up with a massive grin.

"Close!" She starts, then starts walking down the road, "Some of 'em are at the Dead Man's Drink, come on!" Eager to see them get beat up, huh?

I should let Aurelia know, but it'll be a while before the sun sets fully, and I'd rather not risk these fuckers leaving and put Gretel at risk.

"Still, word of warnin'.." Gretel starts, turning her head to give me a serious look, "That wimp of a Jarl hired these folks, so…" Well, that is a problem- Nah, it ain't.

I'm bodying them, Jarl or no fucking Jarl. We can always just run away once our job is done, so…

We turn a corner, and my gaze swiftly lands on a large and wide building. It looks like one of those bars in cowboy movies, with a slow stream of people going in and out.

And a few passed out folk right at the front of the building, clearly very, very drunk.

"Alright, you wait here." I state as I pat the girl's head, then come to a pause. "Actually, wanna help with the battle plan?"

She tilts her head up at me, looking very curious, "How can I help? I'm a damn kid."

I snort and shrug, "Just pick one of the two; Shall I go in 'Young Master' style, or 'Crackhead' style?" Her gaze lights up in pure fucking glee at the last one.

"Ooh! Crackhead Style!" She exclaims, bouncing on her feet with a massive grin on her chubby face, "That sounds fun! Crack their heads!" Oh, you sweet summer child…

I pat her head against and straighten myself, "Then just stand back and watch." And with those parting words, I make my way to the entrance to the Dead Man's Drink.

The inside is large and bustling with people, a ruckus of noise and clattering of utensils filling the air.

My gaze sweeps around the interior, and soon I find the only Argonians inside the tavern. Unfortunately, it's just two of them.

Is it them? Let's test them.

If it's them, I'm going to downright traumatize them. They will never forget me, even in death.

So, with a pep to my step, I make my way towards their table, then I stumble into it, nearly spilling their drinks, "Oops, 'scuse me fellas!" I slur my voice as I grab hold of the table, acting like I am very, very tipsy and barely standing on my feet.

The Argonian on the left – the one whose drink nearly spilled completely – let out a hiss my way, "Watch your step, drunkard!" He states harshly, looking ready to pounce and attack, free arm reaching for the dual blades behind his waist.

His muscular arm is stopped by the slimmer one of his partner, who had his drink in hand when I stumbled into their table on purpose, "It was alright. Maybe lay off the mead, yeah?" He suggests in a friendly tone. Even his eyes look amicable.

But even with the reptilian head and eyes, I can see how fake it all is.

"Heh, should've seen the other guy!" I slur, then release a loud hiccup as I fall on a chair on their table, "Drank him under the table, then drank some more! Better pay up when he wakes up!" Another hiccup, and my arms come down on the table, once more nearly spilling their drinks.

"Some of that shit I drank was weird, makin' me feel a bit… crazy." I shake my head, then bounce my shoulder and body for another fake hiccup as the two Argonians already look done with me.

The aggressive one is hissing and baring his teeth, looking downright murderous, while the 'amicable' one has long since retrieved his hold on his friend. "Perhaps you should head on back, friend." He states, a clear warning to his tone.

I laugh and slap the table roughly several times, "Oh, y'all sons of bitches a riot…" My laugh slowly peters off into a series of chuckles, "Say, ya cunts wouldn't happen to be in a group of five, would ya?"

Their eyes narrow, and they share a glance.

And if I could, I'd bare my fuckin' teeth too.

Yeah, it's y'all alright.

"Yeah, that perc be hittin' right about now…" I chuckle deeply, their eyes filling with confusion.

"Is this fucker high?" The aggressive one asks, and I throw my head back and laugh loudly at that.

Then laugh, and laugh, and laugh- Until I suddenly slam my foot against the table and ram it against them, sending both tall Argonians to the floor with their food and drinks.

I keep laughing, having tossed myself on my back when I kicked the table, then 'stumble' on my feet while clapping my hands and bouncing on my feet, acting like a cocked up honey badger high on caffeine.

The loud ruckus brings the tavern to a quiet as the Argonians bounce to their feet, weapons draws and faces looking very murderous, teeth bared and tails flicking left and right.

"This bastard is high on some drugs and going crazy!" The aggressive Argonian hisses out as he raises his dark and short dual blades.

The other one instead draws a long and curved blade from his waist, "He called it a 'perc'… Is that what the locals call Skooma?!"

"Oh am fuckin' tweakin' alright!?" I laugh hysterically, "Am fuckin' losin' my miiiii-nd!"

I spread my arms wide and conjure Frost all around my arms as the two Argonians panic, realizing that I am a Mage with a staff strapped to my back.

"How much Skooma did this moron take?!"

"It can't have been just Skooma! Did he-"

"THAT SHIT WAS LAAAAACEEEED!"

And with that final roar of pure madness, I throw myself at the Argonians, ready to give them the full Crackhead experience.


A.N. I shall save the Young Master act for the future, if I remember.

For now, enjoy Crackhead Leonidas, because the Argonians won't.

Forgot to add, but-
If y'all wanna read FIVE CHAPTERS AHEAD, then go on to my Patreon! Any support is loved and cherished, even a like here!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed!

Toodles!​
Last edited: Jul 17, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Frost DeSanta, BrendanS.A, Daniil and 2,072 others
Musashi-Chan
Jul 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 14
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jul 20, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,856
Aurelia had to admit… She both liked and hated Skyrim.

The sights were breathtaking, some of the people were incredibly loyal and wonderful, warriors she'd willingly fight with until the end.

And then there's the kind of people that do not like outsiders. Not one bit.

All of Falkreath was made up of these people, who ignored her questions or downright screamed her way.

She prided herself on her patience, but it was wearing very, very thin after so much rudeness for no reason at all.

Here she was, hoping to save children from the disgusting plans of the Argonians they came to hunt down, and the very people of the city stop her from doing so and instead just make her waste more time.

Very valuable time too.

Hopefully Leo has had a better luck than her.

Despite being an idiot the majority of the time, her friend was quite charismatic, so perhaps he had far greater success than she did.

So, with a defeated sigh, Aurelia decided to return back to their set meeting spot.

And as she turns around, she comes to a pause when a wild horse rushes right by her.

Her eyebrow twitches.

Said horse is followed by another, then several more, then finally, a loudly screaming horse followed suit.

Attached to its tail was a rope, and attached to the rope was a hogtied Argonian screaming his literal lungs out.

And to make things worse?

Standing and riding atop the Argonian while spouting slurs and insults at the hogtied reptilian was, of course, Leonidas.

Her eyebrows twitch, and she slowly breathes in.

"Lord Arkay, please give me strength…" Why did she agree to split up?

She really had to expect such things would happen when Leonidas is let loose.

"I really need to put a collar on that idiot…" She growls out, pausing to watch another Argonian wield a pair of short-swords rush by and chase after the hollering Leonidas.

At least he found two of the damn bastards.

And the one that wasn't hogtied looks like he got the worst beating of his lifetime. For being a skeleton, her friend could really hit hard, huh?

Shaking her head, she stomps the ground and rushes ahead, easily catching up with the running Argonian Her hand swings out, striking the back of his head hard enough to knock the bastard out before he could even realize what was wrong.

Grabbing him by the tail, she rushed forward and-

"Say hello to my lil' friend!"

Awooo-!

Booom!

Great. Leonidas bought out the suicidal flaming wolves.

Aurelia stared at the rising dust cloud with a mix of annoyance and amusement, then grinds to a halt once she turns a corner.

There, before her, is Leonidas, crouched down before a large crater.

"Hm?" He perks up and turns his head her way, then waves at her in a very cheerful manner, as if he didn't just cause absolute chaos in city where they aren't really welcome. "Aurelia! Come, look! He's doing the Yamcha pose!"

The what?

And why did he sound as giddy as a damn child?

"Leo…" She starts, dropping the knocked out Argonian she was dragging at the edge of the crater while glancing inside it. So that is the Yamcha pose? Interesting. "We are very likely in deep trouble for this chaos you caused."

Her friend shrugs, clearly not really caring that much about it, "We were gonna get in trouble anyway." His words make her raise a confused brow his way, "The Jarl hired these dumb-fucks. Dunno why." Well… That complicates things, a lot.

This was supposed to be a quick job. Just grab the bastards, drag them out of Falkreath one way or the other, gut them, then be done with it knowing she stopped further useless deaths of innocent children.

But now the damn Jarl had to butt in, hiring these bastards for whatever reason.

Sighing through her nostrils and ignoring the rising commotion and shouts around them, Aurelia glances down to the knocked out Argonian at the edge of the crater. One of his hands still held one of his weapons, and her eyes narrow as she casts a simple simple.

Instantly, she is alarmed at the dangerous poison lacing the weapon. Paralysis, numbness, and a drug that manipulates the senses.

These weapons… They are dangerous, but seem to be made to deal with large and powerful beasts, to slowly wound them and tire them out with the mixed poisons.

She didn't focus on it any longer, as dozens of armed guards started rushing towards them from both sides of the street. Still, she filed that information in the back of her head.

"Should we kill these two?" Leonidas asks while dropping a cheek on his palm, still squatted down beside the crater he formed with the suicidal wolves explosion.

Aurelia considers it. She really does. "Not yet." But she decides against it, "Let's hope they'll want revenge against you, and bring the others with them."

Leonidas hums and nods, then stands up and dusts off his robe.

That's when the guards neared them, swords and bows drawn.

"Halt! You violated the law-"

"We surrendeer!" Leonidas instantly cries out joyfully, hands high in the air. "Aw man, this is the first time I've gotten arrested!"

First time…?

Yeah, that has to be one massive lie.


….​


Good thing, they weren't fully arrested and taken to jail.

Bad thing, they were taken before the Jarl.

Why is that a bad thing? Leonidas.

The far too relaxed skeleton in disguise should never be put before authoritative figures. Or rulers.

"Man, smells like bitch in here…" The hidden skeleton sniffs from besides her, making her eyebrow twitch as she keeps her gaze on the throne before her, the home of the Jarl of Falkreath being a far cry to the imposing and breathtaking Dragonsreach.

Siddgeir, the Jarl of Falkreath, narrows his gaze towards Leonidas due to his very loudly spoken words. The man looked young, perhaps in his early thirties… And from the way he sat on his throne and the empty bottles of mead scattered to the side, she could easily guess what kind of man he was.

Beside him stood a tall Altmer woman, her face expressionless and relax despite the two unconscious bodies resting in between them. The… 'proof' of Leonidas chaotic actions.

Finally, after a tense silence that lasted far too long, the young Jarl finally speaks up, "Give me one good reason on why I should have you two slammed in a cell and throw the key away for causing all that chaos in my city." His tone was harsh, and his words were nearly growled out, yet Aurelia could tell he was all bark and no bite.

He seemed… afraid of them. Perhaps due to how Leonidas easily handled and made a joke of the two Argonians still unconscious on the ground.

Leonidas beats her to the punch, speaking up before she could do so herself, "First of all, your city is a cesspool of uncivilized and retarded monkeys that cannot even fathom that there exists a world with other people beyond the walls of this sewer you call a city."

The Jarl's frown grows more noticeable, his hands clenching into fists while the Altmer's woman eyes widen in surprise at Leonidas sheer gall. She saw nothing yet.

"Second of all, and this is actually the real reason; These cretins you hired?" Leonidas foot jabs towards the two unconscious bodies, "They are murderers. They hunt, kill and eat children, for fun." The Jarl stills, gaze flicking between Leonidas and the two Argonians, "So we have been sent to take care of them. I'd be grateful if you didn't butt in, but I doubt you are smart enough to do that."

Why must you insult the Jarl, Leonidas?!

Angered by Leonidas words, Siddgeir straightens himself upon the throne and turns his nose up towards the hidden Undead man, "Do you have any proof? A bounty, mayhaps? No? Then all you have are just words, and you have still attacked mercenaries under my pay."

Aurelia stopped herself from clicking her tongue, having hoped the Jarl would just trust their word-

"Ah, so if I go out there and kill the bandits stalking the roads – You know, the dumbfucks who give you a cut of their raid – I'd still be breaking the law?"

Very, very slowly, Aurelia turns her head to regard Leonidas with wide, shocked and horrified eyes. He had to be lying…

Yet, the moment her gaze flicks towards the Jarl and she takes in his surprised and even scared face, Aurelia felt a burst of fury and desire to turn the bastard into a bloody smear grow within her.

"What do you want?" The Jarl finally growls out, shoulders squared and tense, his gaze flicking between them and the guards standing by the doors far behind them.

"Their lives, for one." Leonidas drawls out cheerfully as he nods towards the still unconscious Argonians, "And the locations of their other pals too, preferably."

Deciding to speak up too, Aurelia takes a half-step forward to take the lead, "We just want to stop their useless murders, then we'll be on our way. That we swear, Jarl of Falkreath." Even if she didn't want to, she had to overlook the situation of the bandits.

Even if it made her sick to the stomach.

In the back of her head, Aurelia thought of throwing out her title as the Dragonborn in hopes for… something, but in the end she swiftly decided against it.

"My Jarl." Suddenly, the Altmer woman speaks up, and the Jarl leans in her direction as she bends down to whisper something in his ear.

Leonidas snorts and shakes his head, a sigh soon leaving him as he rolls his shoulder. "What a fucking waste of time…" He mutters below his breath, gaze firmly locked onto the two unconscious Argonians.

She could feel his desire to just end them and disregard the consequences, and the reason he very likely wasn't going to do exactly that is because she is with him.

He'd rather not cause trouble for her too.

Slowly, she takes his hand in his and gives it a comforting squeeze. Yet, when he doesn't react to the gesture, a know forms in her stomach and she bites her inner cheek harshly.

Right, lack of feelings…

She gives his hand another squeeze, this one for herself, before drawing her hand back and straightening herself.

That's when Leonidas decides to speak up once more, "If you need incentive to give these fucks over to us, then we can just deal with the reason you have hired them ourselves. Free of charge."

His words bring a flash of hesitation on the Jarl's face, and the Altmer woman finally draws back, her face still the same as before.

Leaning back against his throne, Sidggeir looks between them and the Argonians for a few seconds, then he openly sneers, "I'd rather trust those with a clear reputation than two fools that caused chaos in my city."

With a shake of the head, he waves his hand dismissively towards them, "Leave. You are pardoned for your crimes this once."

This fucking-

"Yeah, fuck this." Leonidas pipes up, then turns towards her, "I'm gonna do it."

Aurelia blinks, then her eyes widen in realization.

"Leo, no-!"

"Woe, flamin' wolves be upon ye!"

Not the fucking wolves again-!

BOOM!


….​


They got kicked out of Falkreath.

Which, to be fair, is far better than being locked up in a cell.

Deep down, Aurelia knows that the only reason they were allowed to leave and were not arrested is due to Siddgeir hoping to make use of them if the five Argonians fail in the task he hired them to do.

Then he disregarded that when Leonidas… Did a Leonidas, and just kicked them out of Falkreath directly.

Mostly because there are no cells that can hold a Mage of his caliber, so he can only be banished outside of the city and pray he decides not to unleash further suicidal wolves upon their wolves.

Something Leonidas is considering quite a lot.

"You know…" The source of her problems and amusement speaks up, and Aurelia snaps a nasty glare his way that makes Leonidas pipe down instantly.

"We are not kidnapping a granny to let us into the city through a hostage situation, Leonidas." Aurelia grows out through very gritted teeth, insanely pissed off at having their horses still inside the city with them now locked outside.

Leonidas has the gall to sulk at her refusal, as if he was pouting her way. She hated and loved how expressive he could be despite not having a face. "Not what I was going to say, but fair… Anyway, I met a kid inside the city, and I'm fairly sure she has Lycanthropy and is a follower of Hircine." He reveals, surprising her a great deal.

"In fact, she's the one that helped me find the two bastards I beat up and told me the Jarl hired them." Leaning back against the tree, Aurelia hums lowly as she crosses her arms.

A sigh soon leaves her lips though, "You hope she can help us?" Her friend shrugs, hands rummaging through the small bag she thankfully still had on her and did not leave with the horses.

"Maybe." He trails off, then hums, "I knew I forgot something. We did pass by a Dragon Mound on our way here." Aurelia blinks, then steps close to peer over his shoulder at their made up map of Skyrim showing the locations of the Dragon Priests and the Dragon Mounds.

And as he said, they did indeed walk past a Dragon Mound on the way… Though there is another one quite close by too. "That one is very close."

Leonidas nods in agreement, "Probably a short walk. Half an hour, or an hour at most." He hums, then puts the map away and stuffs it back into the sack. "Wanna make a quick stop by the Dragon Mound?"

He asks, and before she could answer, another voice speaks up. From right beside her, "The fuck's a Dragon Mound?"

Aurelia yelps, then turns startled and wide eyes towards the green eyed and rust-red haired child standing right next to her. Where did she even come from!?

"You're a sneaky brat, ain't you?" Leonidas remarks, amusement tinging his voice as the girl turns up her nose. "But it's dangerous to be outside at night, Gretel." Then he swiftly chides her, tone gentle and warm.

"I don't give a shit." The foul-mouthed Gretel sniffs and crosses her arms, head tilted up to look down her nose at Leonidas, "I'll beat the fuck outta anyone that tries something!"

Leonidas just chuckles and pats her head, "I'm sure you will, brat."

Aurelia bites her inner cheek at the sight, something in her stomach churning with a strange need and warmth as she looked at Leonidas.

Gods, this man was going to ruin her…

Ignoring the flush on her cheeks, Aurelia swiftly coughs into her fist, "She's the kid you told me about?"

Leonidas pipes up and nods, ignoring the glowering pout the girl is throwing his way for daring to head-pat her. "It is. With her sister hiding behind a tree over there." Aurelia blinks, then turns around to stare in the direction of Falkreath, several trees standing between her and the sight of the barely lit tall walls of the city.

Gretel sulks and sighs, "Damn, hoped you wouldn't notice…"

"I didn't." Leonidas reveals and playfully flicks her nose, "You just proved my suspicion."

"Fuck!" The child curses, then nearly throws herself at Leonidas if a loud sigh didn't echo out from behind one of the large trees Aurelia kept her gaze on.

Slowly, a tall woman with long and thick rust-red hair steps into view, a thick white shirt with bits of leather armor covering her upper body while pitch-black leather pants and heavy boots cover her lower body.

"Gretel, you curse too much." The woman states, her face in a perpetual scowl, her right eye covered by a very noticeable eye-patch. "Wait 'till we get home."

Gretel lets out an aggravated cry of despair, "But granny says it makes me adorable!"

"I approve." Leonidas nods with a thumbs up.

The woman's glowering glare flicks towards Leonidas, "You shut the fuck up." Then the furious gaze snaps towards Gretel, "And I don't give a fuck about what granny thinks." Well, they truly were sisters…

Gretel whines and childishly kicks at the ground as her sister turns her gaze back towards Leonidas, "You the fucker that caused all that chaos in the city?"

A thumbs up is her first answer, "Yep! It me, Mario!" What's with that stupid, squeaky voice?

"I thought your name was Leonidas?" The red haired woman raises a confused brow.

"It is!"

"Then why the fuck-" She stops herself and takes in a deep breath before letting it out. Yeah, that's the effect Leonidas has on people. "Listen, my sister insisted that the big guy hired you, and I hope you aren't bullshitting."

Aurelia shares a glance with Leonidas before she nods towards the tall red haired woman, "I promise we aren't. We just want to take care of those five Argonians, then go back to Whiterun." A lone green eye remains locked on her for several quiet seconds before the woman's tense shoulders relax.

"Fine…" She sighs out, "I'm Hildr, that dumbass's older sister." Gretel squeaks out in indignation at being called a dumbass, earning a tiny smile from Hildr, "If you want to deal with those five bastards, then you'll have to set up an ambush around the area they will have to go to."

Slowly, Leonidas stands up, "And you know why the Jarl hired them?" Hildr breathes in, then she nods.

"Around a week ago, the whole city saw around fifty guards go out of the city armed to the teeth." The woman starts, crossing her arms below her bust and leaning against the tree beside her, "Not even three hours later, only four guards come back, bloodied and covered in dust from head to toe, looking downright traumatized."

Aurelia reels back in shock as Gretel speaks up next, "I was there when they came back." The child reveals, "Kept screamin' about the giant beast by the Shrine of Akatosh, the one near Twilight Sepulcher."

"And that's where the bastards will be headed." Hildr states finally, gaze harsh and serious.

"Fuck." Only for Leonidas to curse and grasp his face with one hand.

"Leo?" Aurelia asks, worry tinging her voice and gaze, "What's wrong?"

"We need to move." He states instantly, gaze snapping towards Hildr, "Could you go and grab our horses from inside Falkreath? This is a pressing matter." The woman's gaze narrows further, but she nods briskly and turns around to quickly run back into Falkreath, her little sister hot on her trails.

"Leo, what's wrong?" Aurelia asks softly as her friend sighs deeply.

"The Dragon Mound." He states heavily, making her eyes widen, "It's right next the Shrine of Akatosh."

Oh…

Oh no…

"I can assure you that the beast the Jarl hired those fucks to hunt down and kill is a damn Dragon of all things. The one supposed to be in the Dragon Mound."

The poisons meant to slowly drain the energies out of whatever they are inserted into, lacing the blades of one of the Argonians hired by the Jarl…

That makes sense now.

It didn't take long for Hildr to come back with the horses, having even also gotten the right horses instead of random ones.

"Big sis threatened the idiot at the stable with magical harm!" Gretel happily explains how Hildr got the right horses from her spot behind her sister, who is also riding a large white horse.

"You sure you wanna bring the girl along?" Leonidas asks as he mounts his horse, Aurelia doing the same from right beside him.

Hildr nods, a scowl on her face, "I'd rather have her close by instead of inside the city and without me around." She explains, and Aurelia had to agree that it was a wise choice, "Where are we going?"

"Straight ahead." Leonidas states, then flicks his wrist to conjure four flaming wolves. "Spread out and run ahead of us to light the path." He orders swiftly, and the flaming wolves howl and swiftly move into action.

Hildr seemed surprised at Leonidas's spell, but visibly held back her question as they started moving.

"Keep an eye out for any weird shaped hill! It looks like a burial site!" Aurelia calls out, her horse neighing as it picks up speed, hooves clicking loudly on the paved road beneath them.

"I know where that is!" Gretel suddenly calls out loudly, drawing her surprised gaze, "It's close to the Shrine! To the right of a massive rock!"

Aurelia inwardly started hoping the Dragon Mound was still there and untouched, so she could remove the threat of another Dragon coming back to life.

But then what else could have slain nearly fifty guards within the blink of an eye?

Not even the Dragon she faced before Whiterun was that powerful and would have surely fallen to the warriors that swiftly gathered to take it down.

Perhaps the only Dragon that could truly wipe out so many Dragons so quickly… Is Yolosqah.

A Dragon equal in power to that one, if not stronger… The thought sent shudders down Aurelia's spine.

"I see the rock!" Hildr calls out, pointing far ahead of them and above the treeline, the faint light from the moon above highlighting the sharp jagged stones rising high into the air.

It was massive and very eye-catchy too, especially once the horse rushed out of the forest and into an open valley of hills and swamps.

Aurelia's gaze glides down the large jagged rocks and towards where Gretel said the Dragon Mound would be, and her eyes land on a large hill of earth.

One that… looked very weird.

"The fuck?" Gretel mutters aloud as the horses slow down, the four flaming wolves rushing ahead of them and lighting the area with their bodies. "That hill… It was never there before?"

The wolves near said hill, lighting up the earth and dirt that makes it up.

Then the horses near it, and Aurelia feels a chill as she gets to gaze at the ground that makes up the hill Gretel was sure wasn't here before from up close.

"It's dug out dirt…" Hildr whispers out, eye narrowed in pure confusion. "What caused this?" Aurelia knew.

Yet she followed after Leonidas as he walked up the mound of earth and dirt, until they slowly reached the top.

And gazed into the massive pit that was surely the Dragon Mound not too long ago.

It was enormous. At least a hundred meters wide and half as many meters deep.

Leonidas breathes out and starts circling the edge of the massive crater as Hildr and Gretel catch up, their faces changing in pure horror and shock at the sight before them.

"What the fuck caused this?!" Gretel cries out, and Hildr herself is too shocked to reprimand her sister for her language.

Instead, the woman gulps and starts looking around, until her gaze lands on something. "Whatever did this… Also left that behind."

She points out, and Leonidas stills and follows her gaze and pointed finger. Aurelia and Gretel do the same.

Not far from the massive crater, and lit up by a lone flaming wolves running inside it, lay a giant claw print in the ground.

Aurelia gulps, as she realizes the size of the claw print was nearly as big as Yolosqah himself.

A single damn claw, bigger than then strongest Dragon she has faced so far.

"Wallahi, we're cooked…"

Leonidas's words didn't make things any better.


A.N. Kaiju battle inbound. Will Gretel solo the Dragon? Or will Leonidas go 'Nah, I'd blow his back out.'?

Stay tuned and find out!

Hope y'all enjoyed the chapter!

Lots of love and huggies towards y'all that support me so damn much! Y'all are amazing!

And remember to go on my if ya wanna read FIVE CHAPTERS AHEAD!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Frost DeSanta, BrendanS.A, Daniil and 2,032 others
Musashi-Chan
Jul 20, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 15
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#1,952
"Looks like we are in a bit of a pickle, huh?" I drawl out as I cross my arms, my gaze fixed towards the enormous footprint – or clawprint – in the ground, showing the passage of the enormous titan that Alduin brought back to life recently.

"I hate pickles…" Gretel mumbles aloud from behind me, and I nod in agreement at that.

I hate the damn things too.

"No wonder those guards never made it back…" Hildr muses, a frown visible in her lone green eye as she glares towards the pit from where the Dragon crawled out. "The hell are their swords and arrows supposed to do against something of that size?"

Nothing. It'll be more like mosquito bites for the Dragon, if they even manage to stab through his scales in the first place.

"Leo, what do we do?" Aurelia asks softly, head turning to look in my direction. She's so cute when worried. "We are too close to Falkreath to fight something of that size… If we even can bring it down."

"This is nothing compared to the Dragons near Whiterun…" Yeah, Yolosqah was powerful as hell, but he wasn't this massive.

Now, size might not mean strength, and it does make the Dragon a big ass target for me, but that is kind of useless unless I can deal a truly fatal and deep blow.

The ass-explosion way might not work either, as while it might do a lot of damage, it might not be enough to deal a massively fatal blow. And then the Dragon will be on guard.

This is truly vexatious.

Hildr lets out a low noise, "You two fought against the Dragon that attacked Whiterun?" Her voice is full of surprise, which is reflected in her lone, visible eye.

Aurelia nods, then waves a hand in my direction, "Leo is the one that killed it." I give the stunned Hildr a victory sign while Gretel gapes at me with sparkles in her eyes.

"I've killed two so far." I drawl out, then nod towards Aurelia, "She killed one that was more powerful that both of them combined." She flushes bashfully at my words, throwing a pout my way as she does so.

What? You can't put me on a pedestal and expect me not to do the same with you. Foolish woman.

"So you have experience. That's good." Hildr nods, arms crossing below her bust, "What's not good, is that you are around." She turns her glare towards her sister, who pouts and glares right back.

"I can fight too!"

"No you won't." All three of us say at the same time, our voices serious and harsh.

Gretel's pout only grows as she stomps her foot in a cute manner, "I know magic too! Like big sis!"

I sniff and cross my arms, "Oh yeah? And what almighty Spell might you have that is capable of tearing through the magic resistant scales of a Dragon?"

Wait, don't tell me…

Gretel smirks, lifts up one of her small palms, scrunches up her eyes in concentration… And creates a small, glowing sky-blue orb. A Magic Missile.

I couldn't help the snort that escapes me, "Indeed, that is a fearsome Spell." I give Aurelia a look even as she grows visibly exasperated, "I say she can join."

"Hell no." Hildr cuts in with a flat stare, "That's literally the weakest spell in existence!"

"Is it though?" Aurelia face-palms, "It's what I used to blow the guts out of a Dragon, after all."

…

Silence.

Gretel is now staring at the small orb in absolute wonder and with a manic smile on her face, while Hildr openly gapes at me.

"Bullshit." The woman growls out, then throws a look towards the exasperated Aurelia. "Please tell me that he's just bullshitting…"

Aurelia sighs softly and gives Hildr a genuine apologetic look, "I'm afraid not… His Magic Missile is truly horrifying." She throws a look my way, then nods towards Hildr, "Show her."

I shrug, then raise a hand and create a brightly glowing white-blue orb, far bigger and more brilliant than the one above Gretel's palm.

Then I let it shoot off into the distance, releasing a sharp and booming crack as it pierces the sound barrier with laughable ease, raising a massive cloud of dust and making the long hair of the two tall women beside me blow high in the air.

Hildr's arms drop to her sides as she gapes at the now distant glittering star that is my Arcane Cannon, the blast of air from it departing away from my palm now slowly calming down.

"What the fuck." Hildr mutters aloud, utterly gobsmacked at my godly Spell that should be a just a thing for children to play around with.

Aurelia nods with another sigh, "Yeah, that's just… Well, Leonidas." Hey, I take offense to that!

"What even are you?" Hildr asks while looking at me like I am some twisted sort of eldritch creature. Which I might be.

"Just a dumbass here to cause problems for mortal and Gods." Aurelia whines and nearly sobs at my words.

Because she knows I fucking mean it.

Hildr just shakes her head and disregards me as crazy, which is on point. "I can help you two fight the Dragon." I'd raise a brow at that if I could, "I'm a Conjurer, and my Familiar is very powerful, so I can stick back and close to my little sister while my Familiar assists you all."

I hum softly and cross my arms. More help can be welcome, considering the kind of beast we might end up facing. "What can it do?"

"And how confident are you in your Familiar?" Aurelia asks right after, before blinking and raising a placating hand, "I do not mean to look down on your capabilities, but this is a Dragon we are talking about."

Hildr shakes her head with a light smile, showing that she isn't offended by Aurelia's words, "I've been growing it since I was young, so for more than two decades by now. It might not be a Dragon Slayer, but I am confident in him being capable of dishing out a beating, and taking one."

Growing her Familiar? Does she mean as in, she feeds it Magicka and it grows through time?

If so, that sounds quite fascinating.

I don't think that my System limits me when it comes to learning Magic, it simply grants me slots for certain Spells that I fancy and grants me the ability to make them more powerful through the usage of Souls.

I should really find ways to learn more Skills and grow my capabilities, lest I stagnate.

Maybe even use a Dragon Soul to empower the Skill that makes my Frost Magic so much stronger than normal.

"I think it's worth a try." I shrug towards Aurelia, before turning my gaze towards Hildr, "Though, if things start going wrong, grab Gretel and run away, alright?"

Hildr frowns at that. She might look and sound rough, but she gives me the impression of a very kind woman, "Will you two be alright…?"

I give her a thumbs up, "If there is something I am absolutely confident in, then it's my natural ability to piss off any and all beings with just a few eloquent words."

She gives me a weird look, and Aurelia nods with a light smile when Hildr seeks her opinion, "You're a weird dude."

"That's part of my charm!" She just ignores my words. Rude.

I childishly kick the grown at that, earning a cute giggle from Gretel while Aurelia once more gives me a strangely heated stare with flushed cheeks.

What have I done?

Either way, putting that aside, I set my hands on my bony hips and give the ladies a look, "So, shall we follow the footprints?"

Hildr nods, bringing her little sister closer as she does so, "The ruins of the Shrine of Akatosh are close by. Barely a few minutes of walking."

I nod and take point with Aurelia, who I easily notice is both nervous and afraid. While she has gotten better, her trauma due to Alduin's sheer might in Helgen is still present, even after her battle with Yolosqah.

There – unfortunately – is not much I can say to make her feel better currently. I can only stand by her, and hope that it does something.

The ground crunches under our boots, the surrounding valley being a mix of a swamp with lots of scattered rocks and debris. Plus a lot of claw shaped craters from our resident Kaiju Dragon.

There are even plenty of abandoned buildings, some even looking like mills and farms. "The hell happened here?" I ask aloud, taking note that some buildings don't seem to have been abandoned for long.

"The Civil War happened." Hildr drawls out, no small amount of anger and disgust in her voice as she scowls towards the surroundings. "These used to be fields and farms that fed us in the past… Then the Imperials and Stormcloaks waged war over them. Over our City."

"When the Imperials started gaining the upper hand and people favored them over the Stormcloaks, a Mage was hired to come here and ruin the land, making it unable to bear grains and let livestock graze the fields."

"By my estimation, it'll take years for the fields to recover." Jesus fucking Christ…

So they basically went 'If I can't win, I'll make it so neither of us can', huh?

Is that why there basically is no Imperial presence in this region? We did run by a hidden camp that may house Stormcloaks, but I didn't confirm their presence there at the time.

I stand by the fact that neither side of the war is the good one, but the Stormcloaks clearly are assholes.

I shake my head and turn my gaze forward, where I take notice of a large rocky hill far ahead of us that will cut off our path.

I follow it towards the right, where it quickly grows smaller until it stops, then follow it back towards the left, where it grows bigger and bigger and…

I reach out and stop Aurelia in our tracks, then look back at Hildr, "Go and conjure your Familiar." Her eyes widen at my words as she pulls her sister close, "We found our Dragon."

Aurelia gives me a confused look, which lasts just a second because the earth starts shaking in the very next one.

Hildr does not waste a second in picking up Gretel and rushing back, putting a great deal of distance between her, us, and the rising beast ahead.

The rocky hill was not a rocky hill. It was the Dragon's fucking tail.

The ground trembles and quakes as an enormous figure rises, sending dust and debris falling and crumbling in all directions as the earth groans with each movement from the giant beast.

Wings the size of a ten story building spread wide, and a massive head slowly turns to regard us with a lone glowing golden eye. "First, they send useless gnats…" The Dragon rumbles, voice so loud that even Aurelia winches.

As it stands and moves, I take in the rocky exterior of his body, watching how the earth and stones and debris just cling to his scales like they are magnets.

He kinda looks like Godzilla, now that I think about it…

"And then the Dragonborn…" A long breath is exhaled from the Dragon's jaws, his enormous body turning to give us his full attention, and showing us that yes, he is as tall as fucking Dragonsreach itself.

Lowering his head, the Dragon lets out a long and low growl that shakes the earth and air as he focuses his gaze upon Aurelia, "Come to fell me, my kin?" He chuckles as he slowly draws back, "Truly a joke, what Fate is playing on me…"

Why does he sound so… Sad? Even his gaze appears melancholic.

Aurelia slowly draws her Enchanted Greatsword while releasing a tense and long breath of air, "We don't have to fight, but I doubt you'll kindly leave…"

The Dragon chuckles at her words as I grip my staff tightly, "As if that is even possible." Giant eyes narrow, and massive claws flex and dig into the earth, "You may be mine kin, but you are different from us." With that final scoff, his enormous right claw rises in the air and comes crashing down towards us.

I tilt my staff as it lights up with a near-blinding light before a deafening crack ruffles my robes and the earth below my feet, a quickly charged Arcane Cannon smashing like a meteor against the palm of the giant claw.

It easily blasts through the cover of earth, dust and stone that acts like an armor for the Dragon, the impact so great the claw was pushed back and the armor covering it all the way up to the wings scatters down, revealing dark-gray scales beneath.

The giant Dragon scoffs once more and bares his teeth while giving his claw a light shake, "A mere annoyance." He growls out before I hear Aurelia draw in a sharp intake of air.


"Yol-!"​


The air around her warps, and the stones scattered around start visibly melting as she narrows her eyes.

The Dragon recoils back, eyes going wide-


"TOOR!"​


A blinding Sun erupts into existence, turning night into the and lighting up the whole valley as a literal tsunami of white-hot flames crashes forward with all the force of a truck going downhill.

A roar shakes the valley through the crackling of the scorching flames, Aurelia's Shout having left a massive molten trench behind, a crater filled with molten slag now standing below the enormous Dragon.

"You have felled a strong brethren of mine, it seems…" The Kaiju Dragon growls out, his earth and debris armor now completely gone and melted into slag, while his scales now bear visible scorch marks.

His gaze seems to change at Aurelia's prowess, seemingly holding a hint of hope and satisfaction in it.

"You alright?" I ask towards Aurelia, who nods with a frown despite the way she is rubbing her throat.

Such a powerful Shout, and all it did was give the guy some mild burns. This is gonna be though…

I breathe in, despite the fact that it's a very useless action, then grip my staff tightly as the gem at the top starts lighting up, then glowing brighter and brighter.

Grasping the staff with both hands, I twist my body and call on my Frost Magic.

The air instantly visibly grows colder as snowflakes form around me, frost spreading across the ground and forcing Aurelia to step away from me as I gain the Dragon's whole attention.

I'm gonna pump a lot of Magicka into this, then use that.

With a tight grip, I swing the frost coated Staff forward and-


"Iiz!"​


I use Draconic Chant, and watch as Reality itself shifts and twists before me a gargantuan wave of ice spires rushes skyward with a loud crackle and ear-deafening shattering sound as the bright and sharp ice thorns ram into the giant Dragon, his size making him get hit and drowned by the enormous mountain I threw at him.

I breathe out and take a few steps back, having thrown around a third of my reserves into that wave of ice.

If that does some damage, then I can throw even more Magicka into that Spell, as it is very easy and quick for me to recover my reserves.

In fact, I am nearly full once more.

I have four Souls left, and my Ray of Frost requires three more for an Upgrade… Yeah, I'll need it.


[Ray of Frost]

Release a rush of glacial air from your fingertips. From a gust of air, to a roaring blizzard. It is up to you to see how far this goes.

Modifications: Beam Size x 3! Power Up x2!

(5/5)


Spell 'Ray of Frost' has been Maxed!

Spell 'Ray of Frost' has Evolved!


[Winter's Wrath]

A Domain of glacial, biting winds with no mercy, and sharp, deadly icicles flying around faster than the eye can perceive.

Once cast, this Spell does not differentiate between friend or foe.

Modification: Domain Size x1!

(1/10)​


Can't use it now, but it sure as hell is going to be useful against this big son of a bitch!

The sounds of ice-cap shattering brings me out of my musing, and I twirl my staff as the ice spires collapse, and the giant Dragon comes back into view, covered in frost and releasing a long breath of foggy air.

If I could, I'd grin viciously at the clear wounds on his body, some of the ice spires having stabbed deep into his flesh and having left behind dozens of now large bleeding holes.

"Meddlesome mortal…" The giant and not too pleased Dragon growls my way, and I just give him a shrug without care. "Fine. Come then, grant me one last good battle."

I'd narrow my eyes if I could. Why did he word it like that? Like he knows he is going to lose?

With a swing of his giant claws, the Dragon tears apart the massive structure of ice before stomping forward, and I pause when Aurelia whispers softly and just disappears from right next to me.

Next second, the Dragon howls in pain and stumbles to the right, rivers of blood gushing down from a massive gash torn open over his belly.

That woman…

I shake away my admiration for that beautiful woman and simply grip my staff tighter, only to tilt my head when the ground shakes beneath my feet… Yet the Dragon isn't moving?

I look down and watch as orange light draws closer and brighter from behind me, making me turn around and- "What the fuck is that?"

I can only watch as a giant flaming beast charges past me with a loud, deafening roar before throwing itself at the wounded Dragon.

Massive flaming arms wrap around the Dragon's neck, then twist with a roar as the demonic being kicks off one of the Dragon's claws, bringing his body crashing down upon the earth, creating a massive crater below them.

The very earth sinks and sends massive clouds of dust in the air as the Dragon roars, while the being made out of flames stands and roars once more.

Looking at it better, it looks like a giant, muscular Minotaur, but with a pair of massive horns above its head and with a body coated in thick roaring flames.

I throw a look back and see Hildr in the distance, her face scrunched up and seemingly a bit pale.

Her lone eye meets my gaze, and she nods seriously as the flaming demon stomps on the Dragon's head.

"One annoyance after the other!" The Dragon bellows, swatting the massive flaming demon across the clearing with a swing of his massive claw before it straightens itself, "First that fool that brings me back, then those gnats, and then you all!" Man, he's really fuckin' pissed, huh?

"Popped a vein, did ya?" I call out cheerfully, not really minding the glowering glare he throws my way.

The flaming demon rams into his side before he could say anything else, and I lift my staff as I pump my Magicka through it, another deafening blast rocketing off as I fire an Arcane Cannot.

The blinding projectile rams right into the Dragon's neck, forcing it to stagger and give the flaming demon a chance to punch it in the face. Very hard.

Then night turns into day once more as Aurelia uses the Fire Breath Shout close to the Dragon's head, engulfing the valley and his massive body in a storm of white-hot flames.

Luckily, the flames seemed to empower the demon Hildr conjured, as it grows bigger and more muscular, a flaming blade manifesting in his right claw before he plunges it deep in the Dragon's left forearm.

The giant Dragon growls, then swings the stabbed arm upward, slamming it into the demon and sending it flying high in the air. His wing then folds, getting punched through yet stopping the majority of the power behind my Arcane Cannon shot.

As he does that, his long tail stabs upward, skewering the demon clear through as his head turns to try and find Aurelia.

I click my tongue as the demon disperses into embers, so I fire off another Arcane Cannon.

Then another.

Then another.

Again and again.

As I do so, I keep walking forward, staring straight at the Dragon as he staggers back from each powerful blow, uselessly using his torn up wings to cover his body and dampen the power.

"You know…" I start as I fire off another Arcane Cannon that slams straight against his throat, "Your eyes really piss me the fuck off."

I've seen that gaze before, and I'll never stop hating it.

This Dragon, he wants one last battle, a battle where he is sure he will die permanently, both in body and Soul, due to Aurelia being present.

He is fucking suicidal.

My Magicka flows into my staff like a raging river, and the usual bright glow turns into a blinding sun as a miniature sparkling orb appears above the crystal.

The kick-off of the overcharged Arcane Cannon nearly sends me on my ass, but it does destroy the ground below my feet as it fires off towards the Dragon, who is too slow to try and dodge the Spell going beyond the speed of sound.

And I watch as it hammers straight against his wide chest, caving it in and visibly cracking his scales and flesh, turning it all into pulp and hitting him with so much force and speed that his upper body is lifted partially off the ground.

Even as the Spell fades away once the power is used up, I can still see the sheer damage it did in the caved in chest left behind.

The Dragon hacks up a great deal of blood, massive claws tearing through the ground like butter as I resume my walk. "Aurelia, stand back." My gaze flicks to the side, where the woman had put some distance between her and the Dragon the moment I fired off my Arcane Cannon.

She frown my way, gaze filled with worry, but I hold her gaze until she nods. Good, no need to worry about friendly fire then.

"Say…" I start, resting the staff over my shoulder as I walk closer and closer to the bleeding and wounded Dragon, "If you want to die so much, just kill yourself."

"You're wasting our precious time here." The Dragon stills, and his eyes narrow towards me as his labored breathing fills the air, "I mean, I'm wasting time here fighting against a dumb Dragon that gave up on trying to become better."

He once more stills, and I'd smirk if I could. I knew it.

The words he said before we fought… He does not wish to fight, or be violent. He doesn't want to stick to his evil nature.

"You're so fucking stupid that you cannot even comprehend that you can change, and instead seek Death. A glorious Death, even." I shake my head with a sigh, and the Dragon growls, claws digging deeper into the earth.

"There is no changing my nature, mortal!" There we go, got him talking!

I chuckle and jab my staff in a certain direction, "There's a Dragon on top of the Throat of the World that proves otherwise, you fucking dimwit!"

That brings him to a pause, his gaze following the direction I am pointing towards to stare at the distant and still visible enormous mountain that is the residence of Paarthurnax.

"He changed! He overcame his evil nature! He is against everything Alduin stands for, but you're too much of a fucking pussy to even try and fucking do that!" I cannot help myself. My voice grows louder as I speak until I am outright shouting at a damn Dragon.

"You'd rather pick the easy fucking way out than actually try and change! What a fucking pussy!"

The Dragon roars, a sound overflowing with fury as he rams his claws into the earth, sending a tidal wave of debris and dust in all directions.

"You know nothing about change!" Sadly, I know quite a bit about that.

I scoff and swing my staff wielding arm to the side and pump Magicka through it.


"Fo."​


It was instant.

Like a nuclear bomb going off, but instead of an all-powerful shock-wave of heat and pure force, what spreads in a gargantuan dome is a howling storm of biting icy winds and sharp icicles.

The valley becomes a land of frost and snow instantly, with the Dragon barely even having a second to blink before he is covered in biting frost and being battered by sharp icicles that dig through his scales and flesh.

I put half of my reserves into Winter's Wrath together with Draconic Chanting… Jesus fuck, I hope Aurelia is out of the radius of this thing. I don't even know how wide the scope is!

"I certainly know more about it than you, ya fuckin' overgrown lizard!" I call out with a cackle as the Dragon staggers and grits his sharp rows of teeth.

"Enough!" He bellows, the shout so powerful he actually disrupts the howling winds momentarily, "You know nothing of my plight, and dare make fun of me for it!"

Slowly, his frozen wings spread wide as he stand son his hind legs, uncaring of making his body an even bigger target for the roaring storm that I can easily see through somehow. "I care no longer for a final, honorable battle! I shall brings you down, even if it is the last thing I do!"

Wanting a Dragon claim me as their final kill is quite honorable, I gotta admit…

"That so?" I shake my head, "You get one shot at this, then. Don't disappoint me." What's this?

Am I excited?

And here I thought I couldn't get adrenaline with a dead body.

Or is this the magical equivalent to it?

I just know that throwing so much Magicka around is just… intoxicating. It feels good. Very, very good.

I grip the staff with both hands, then open the dam for my reserves and just let them flow freely into my staff.

The Dragon flexes his claws, then breathes in, making the very air shudder as the roaring winds waver.


"GOL!"​


The valley cracks and shudders, the very earth quivering under the Shout of the Dragon.


"GOLZ!"​


Spires of stone and earth rise from the ground with loud, horrifying groans as if the very planet is being disemboweled.


"LEIN!"​


And then everything goes deadly quiet, as if the world is awaiting one final order… And if I could, I'd be covered in terrified goosebumps right now.

This is not a three-word Shout-


"BAH!"​


Are you fucking kidding me!?

The Dragon raises his claws up high, ready to slam them into the ground, clearly telling me that the Shout is not a breath attack, but some form of wide area of attack!


"He speaks the truth, brother."​


Just as the Dragon brings himself to slam the claws down, my whole body is nearly toppled over when my roaring and enormous Winter's Wrath Domain just… Pops.

A blast of force displaces the air, the earth, and turns the land into a barren valley of nothingness.

The molten trench is gone, the spires of earth and stone are gone. Even my frost and icicles are just… gone.

What the fuck…?

I straighten myself, then turn my head towards the powerful voice that disrupted everything, and my gaze lands on a massive gray Dragon covered in battle scars and spiky scales.

He may not be as big as the Dragon I am facing, and yet… Something in my head just screams Dangerous.

Even the titan of a Dragon is trembling before this newcomer that put a stop to his Shout.

With a flap of his wings, the Dragon that I know for a fact is Paarthurnax lands gracefully on the ground between us, gaze calm and wise.

"May we put this squabble to an end, my friends?"

I couldn't help myself.

I use my staff to point towards the wounded Dragon.

"He started it!"

Man, having Paarthurnax stare at me with so much disappointment really hurts…


A.N. Not gonna make all Dragos the 'Rawr! We wanna rule!' dumb fucks like in the game. I want more Parthubros! Uff!

Anyway, hope y'all enjoyed the… short? Long? Medium? Chapter, and sorry for the wait, just done recovering from me recent cold.

I'll try and post another one in the next few days! I should get my ADHD checked and get some meds, maybe they can help me focus.

Either way, lots of thanks for your support, ya lovelies!

And remember to go on my if ya wanna read FIVE CHAPTERS AHEAD!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
Last edited: Jul 24, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta, Daniil and 2,154 others
Musashi-Chan
Jul 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 16
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Aug 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,052
"Leo, you okay?" I snap myself out of the emotional shock of having Paarthurnax himself give me a disappointed look to gaze at Aurelia's beautiful and worried face.

My gaze remains on her face for a short second before I shake my head, "Yeah, just didn't expect for the big guy to appear before us." I hum, dusting off my robes before resting the bottom of my staff on the ground.

Why is Paarthurnax even here?

I'm not complaining, for he probably saved my bony ass by stopping the guy from unleashing that horrifying Shout that had more than four fucking words.

I could have maybe taken him by putting all of my reserves into my Arcane Cannon and mixed it with a 'Fus' Chant… But that all depends on what the Shout would have done.

Aurelia pulls back, looking still very worried and on guard, her gaze drifting towards the colossal Dragon we were fighting now looking very… placated.

He seemed grumpy, but also very respectful towards Paarthurnax.

"Is he a foe?" She asks softly, and relaxes a bit when I shake my head.

"He is the leader and teacher of the Graybeards." I reveal to her, enjoying her cute shocked face as Hildr slowly approaches us while protectively holding Gretel close to her.

"A Dragon is the teacher of the Graybeards?!" The pretty Dragonborn repeats, absolutely shocked and gaping at me with wide eyes.

"Who could be a better teacher for the Voice than a Dragon himself?" I shrug, amusement filling my voice as I speak, "Plus, he is the Dragon that helped us win back during the Merethic Era."

My words evoke a gentle yet powerful chuckle from the ancient Dragon, "It was the fiery determination and perseverance of the mortal races that achieved victory back then. I simply lit up a spark within them."

Heh, cool and humble. Parthubro just gets better and better. "Accept the damn compliment, ya overgrown lizard." Parthurnax chuckles again while Aurelia throws me a dangerous look.

"Leo, don't insult the very powerful Dragon, please."

"I have autism!" Is my very smart and instant reply to her with a very stupid tone of voice.

Aurelia groans loudly and drops her face in her hands, "Lord Arkay, please give me strength…"

"I mean, the motherfucker blessed me, so…" I shrug, "Ain't he just enjoying me torturing you?"

Aurelia's whine grows louder and more desperate, "Why, Lord Arkay… Why!?"

Shits and giggles, I presume. Being a God must be hella boring if you aren't Sheoggorath.

"You're a special kind of weird and stupid, huh?" Hildr drily voices her thoughts as she eyes me with her lone eye before turning her gaze towards Aurelia, "How do you handle this moron?"

"I don't."

"...Wow."

I cackle at the two ladies before quickly calming down and turning my gaze towards the clearly amused Paarthurnax, "So, might I ask what bought you here, Parthubro?"

"...Parthubro?" The Dragon now looks confused at his wondrous new name.

"Paarthurnax and brother put together. Paarthubro." I nod sagely with hands on my bony hips while Hildr just gapes at me and Aurelia looks like she just wants to die on the spot.

Hilariously enough, Paarthurnax actually brings a claw to his chin as if he was thinking about it.

Then the quiet enormous Dragon speaks up, "...It does sound nice, brother." Oh my fucking God…

I shall spread the glory of Paarthubro everywhere!

Paarthurnax hums, then nods, "I quite like the sound of it." Fuck yeah! "And to answer your question, my Undead friend-"

"Undead!?" Hildr shrieks.

I ignore her while Aurelia winches.

"-I have come here to request our Dragonborn friend here-" Aurelia perks up and turns towards Paarthurnax, "-to come to High Hrothgar as soon as possible, for her training in the way of the Voice."

I hum and cross my arms while Aurelia looks at me for advice, which would warm my heart if I even had one, "Apologies if we weren't really eager to make the journey when the senile old fools announced Aurelia's presence to the whole of fucking Tamriel."

Paarthurnax winches slightly at my words, but I keep going, "They basically gave all the Dragons a location they can watch to ambush us. I can bet my ribs that there are several Dragons already there, laying in wait."

At that, Paarthurnax looks away, and I sniff before shaking my head. "Because of them, making the journey would have been too dangerous back then."

The ancient Dragon hums softly, a powerful sound that shakes the very air around us, "Your worries are indeed fair. Some of my brethren are indeed laying in wait around the mountain." Fucking old bastards.

A visit to them could have been a large boost in Aurelia's strength, but nope, they turned their fucking mountain in the most protected place by just telling all the Dragons around the continent where the Dragonborn will go in the future.

Gods, I want to strangle those old fucks. I doubt they even called for the previous Dragonborns, but I guess back then there wasn't the pressing matter of the fucking World Eater.

I'm surprised those old fucks didn't hit the hay when the goddamn beast popped out right above their home.

Speaking of which… Did Paarthurnax throw hands with Alduin to send him off, or did Alduin just go straight for Aurelia due to sensing her?

"Is being trained in using the Voice really that important?" Aurelia finally speaks up, nervously looking towards the powerful Dragon that has the giant we were facing just quietly sit there in the back like a scolded child. "No offense, but I can just learn more by killing the Dragons that mean me harm."

Paarthurnax chuckles softly, "What you gain from that is how to use a Shout, and power." The Dragon chides softly, voice filled with wisdom, "The way you use the Voice right now is… forceful. You use the Voice as a weapon, and view it as such, and with that kind of view your Shouts will only grow stronger when you devour other Dragons."

"But if you were to meditate upon those Words… You will see that it is much more than just a weapon."

Huh… So it's sort of like 'Understanding the Dao' from those Cultivation Novels, I guess?

"Basically, she'll be able to do more than just blast the effects of the Shout at full force." I assume, and Paarthurnax nods while Aurelia looks down in thought.

I guess that is indeed insanely useful. If she can learn to manipulate her Shouts and perhaps focus them in certain ways or forms or shapes like how Dragon's release a constant elemental breath, it could do wonders to her arsenal.

Especially since it can remove the fear she has of possibly hitting a friendly.

"Yeah, that could be useful…" Aurelia sighs out softly, "I don't want to accidentally hit you with a Shout, after all." Don't worry, I'll drive you to the point where you'll want to hit me with one on purpose.

It is the destiny of the Dragonborn partner to be Shouted off a mountain.

"I extend mine invitation towards you too, brother." Paarthurnax turns his head to regard the titanic Dragon quietly just sitting in the background.

"I do not enjoy change, Paarthurnax." The injured Dragon seemingly grumbles out.

Paarthurnax shakes his head with a sigh towards him, "I am not asking you to change. I am asking you to understand."

"We are timeless beings, but the world around us is not." Paarthurnax's gaze roves around the ruined landscape, "This was your home, where you were worshiped alongside Father's statue…"

"They mourned you, as you are mourning them now."

Oh…

So here, in the far past, there used to be probably a large city or even a kingdom that worshiped this Dragon and loved him dearly, and he loved them back just as much.

Then something clearly happened that ended with his death… And through time, his previous home just faded away.

I guess that explains why he is suicidal. Imagine being brought back to life as a pawn, and the place you used to call home is now completely gone.

All of it. People and buildings alike.

I dare not imagine the pain he felt when realization struck.

I sigh deeply, then shake my head. "Hey." I call out, making the giant Dragon turn to regard me with a sharp gaze, "I apologize for my earlier words… But don't go throwing your life away. I doubt that's what those people would want you to do."

His gaze remains on my form for several seconds before he bows his head, "I shall follow you, Paarthurnax."

I can see the relief and happiness in the way Paarthurnax's wings flutter lightly, "I am overjoyed to hear that, brother." He bows his head back, before turning his gaze towards Aurelia, "And I shall eagerly await your visit in the future. Until then, please do take care."

Paarthurnax spreads his wings with those parting words, but halts when the titanic Dragon moves to approach us, his steps causing the earth to tremble.

"A parting gift, for the challenge and fight." The Dragon rumbles out as he lowers his head, then releases a whisper towards the earth.

The ground cracks and splinters, forming large and massive words radiating heat and power, a radiant white-orange glow emanating from them.

Slowly, Aurelia approaches the massive words etched into the earth, "Gol… Golz… Bah…" She whispers as she reads through them, "Earth, Stone, Wrath…"

I tilt my head in thought, "That's not the same Shout you were going to use against me." I point out as the titanic Dragon straightens himself.

His wings flutter, then slowly spread wide open, seemingly having completely healed somehow without me noticing. "She cannot handle that Shouts full might with her current power. In the future, maybe…" His words still, leaving the meaning hanging in the air.

I guess that the answer should've been obvious. That Shout was different, and perhaps the might behind it was dozens of times greater than the one he just gifted to Aurelia.

The glowing cracks into the earth slowly fade away as the last of the wisps of energy are absorbed by Aurelia, who releases a shaky breath and shakes her head.

Slowly, her gaze rises up to stare at the Dragon that gave her the gift, "Thank you." She states sincerely, earning a low bow of the head from the Dragon. "What… What's your name?"

His form stills, and his head turns to stare at where his home used to be. "I do not have one." He whispers softly, head turning away, followed by his wings spreading wide, "Not anymore."

With a powerful flap of wings, the gargantuan beast takes to the skies. Paarthurnax gazes at his form for a few short seconds before bowing his head towards us in one last salute, then following suit.

Then, as the two Dragons disappear into the darkness of the night, the tension hanging around us just… fades away.

Aurelia, Hildr and Gretel all release a deep breath and sag their shoulders in relief, "My apologies for not being of much help." Hildr apologizes softly, but I wave her off.

"Your Familiar was amazing, and I'm sure it could have killed a weaker Dragon with ease. It just got a bad opponent this time." Because of course fighting a titanic Dragon is a shitty match-up.

Despite the grumpiness she usually shows, Hildr throws a light smile my way… Before frowning, "What the fuck did the Dragon mean when he called you an Undead?"

I pause, then shrug, "Might as well give Gretel some nightmares." I state aloud before just removing the leather helmet covering my head.

Hildr gapes at me and shudders back in horror and shock, while Gretel just… sniffs and looks unimpressed.

"I expected a reaction of horror, not… that." This kid is something else.

Gretel sniffs at me once more, "I've seen me granny naked. Trust me, there ain't nothin' worse than that."

…

"I am so sorry that happened to you." Even Hildr looks green in the face, having probably seen such a horrifying thing herself.

Aurelia just shudders with a disgusted face.

Who knew that a naked grandma is far more horrifying than the rotten face of an Undead being...

"Still… What the fuck happened to you?" Hildr asks softly, "You don't strike me as the Necromancer sort."

I snort, "If I was, miss Paladin of Arkay over here would have killed me already." Aurelia pouts my way, not knowing that I very much cherish our amusing first encounter in Bleak Falls Barrow.

"As for what happened to me… I dunno, honestly." I shrug again, "It is rather vexatious, being Undead, but it could've been worse."

"Worse how?"

"I could've been Sheoggorath." Aurelia pales and whimpers, "Truly, this world would not have survived five seconds with me as Sheoggorath."

All the glorious madness and bullshit I would have unleashed upon Tamriel just for shits and giggles… What a wasted opportunity.

"You're weird." Gretel helpfully points out something everyone already knows, "You can't just become Sheoggorath."

"...Oh you sweet Summer child."

Gretel frowns, "What?"

"If I was a certain Hero of the Third Era, I could've certainly become Sheoggorath." Gretel and Hildr just frown in confusion while Aurelia stills, giving me a serious and nearly desperate look.

"Leo…" She starts, "What do you mean by that?"

I hum and rest my hands on my hips, "You know the Hero of Kvatch?" I start, and she slowly nods.

"The Hero of the Oblivion Crisis and the Auroran Crisis, yes." Hildr speaks up, "I doubt there's many that do not know about that legend."

I nod, "Well… He is the current Sheoggorath."

Silence.

"Bullshit." I gasp at Aurelia's curse, never having expected my beautiful Dragonborn to utter such a word out of nowhere!

"It does sound like bullshit, yeah?" I chuckle, knowing that most of the Elder Scrolls lore is massive bullshit and insanity.

Hildr is just gaping my way while Aurelia is flicking through emotions like a gust of wind blowing the pages of a book. "Leo… This is just…"

"I know, it's absurd, but you underestimate how powerful Daedric Princes are." I point out, "If they want to, they can elevate someone else to a status of Godhood."

The current Sheoggorath might not be as powerful as all the other Daedric Princes, but I doubt that's what gives the other Daedric Princes headaches when it comes to him.

It's the sheer unpredictability about his actions. He could fuck over all of existence for shits and giggle with the snap of a finger and the other Daedric Princes wouldn't realize it until it might be too late.

"How do you even know this stuff?" Hildr asks in utter shock, confusion and disbelief. Aurelia falls quiet and pensive as the red haired woman asks her question, "That was over an Era ago, and all records about the Hero of Kvatch end with him walking through a portal and disappearing. That's it."

The portal that led him to Sheoggorath's Shivering Isles, so to help him with the Greymarch.

"I had one too many beers and got way too into the lore videos." That was a wild fucking night.

Pretty sure that by the end of it I could see sound and hear colors and was on a near comatose state.

My head was gone after all those long videos.

"The hell does that even mean…" Hildr palms her face, already driven to exasperation by my mere existence.

"That's how he was rewarded?" Aurelia suddenly asks, voice soft and eyes downcast, "A Hero of the people, of an Empire… He was rewarded by becoming an insane God?"

I sigh softly, as I can guess the thoughts going through her head right now.

"Sometimes, you don't get to choose the reward for your hard work." I tell her, making her gaze at me with her gentle and beautiful eyes, "Sometimes, all you can do is just pat yourself on the back for a job well done, and keep on going."

"Other times, you can just smile and nod at your finished work." Slowly, almost hesitantly, I reach over to grasp one of her hands in mine. Wish I could feel the touch, though. "And sometimes, you don't get to choose if you'll have a happy ending or not."

The Hero of Kvatch might not have had a choice in becoming the new Sheoggorath, but I can only hope that he is enjoying his new life and powers.

At the detriment of the other Daedric Princes and Divines, of course.

"There are many things you don't get to choose." Hildr speaks up, giving Aurelia a gentle and comforting look, "I myself was born with… What many would consider a blessing, but was a curse for me."

"I couldn't control it, and had no choice in bearing it… And it ended up with me tearing our parents apart shortly after Gretel's birth." Hildr sighs, accepting the tight hug from her shorter and younger sister.

"But… You get to choose how you live." She states, "And I believe that is more than enough."

Aurelia takes a deep and long breath, then nods in agreement at Hildr's gentle words, "You're right." She sighs out, "I apologize for bringing down the mood."

I give her hand a squeeze, bringing a smile on her wonderful face.

"You worry too much." I shrug, "It could've been worse."

One of her eyebrows goes up, "Worse how?"

I hum, then shrug again. "I dunno."

Crack.

The sound of the earth crunching beneath feet rings out from behind me, followed by my body stumbling as a long dagger stabs clear through my chest.

Huh, fancy.

"Like this!" I joyfully say as I tap the dagger skewering me from behind, Aurelia and the two sisters gaping at me in shock and surprise "I could get stabbed!"

And as I say that, I turn my head to show my Undead face hidden beneath my hood to gaze at the surprised Argonian man that is now slowly becoming visible.

Peculiar. Do different Argonians have the capabilities of chameleons? Or is it a Spell?

Still- "Too bad it don't work on me, pal." And just to make the fucker experience further horror, I open my jaws and use my magic through them.

The Argonian man screams and squeals as a rush of glacial, stabbing winds flows out of my mouth and straight into his face, his hands releasing the handle of the dagger he used to stab me to try and protect himself.

Though that is very useless, as his forearms are swiftly frozen and shattered into ice cubes from how cold my Frost Magic is.

A shout from Gretel makes me halt my nightmarish punishment upon… Is he even one of the guys that I beat the fuck out of within the Falkreath?

I dunno, some Argonians just all look way too alike.

...That's racist.

I turn my head, ignoring the whimpering and near-frozen to death Argonian at my feet to look towards the girls.

A roar from the flaming Familiar of Hildr's shakes the valley, though the beast is barely a third of the size of when we fought the Dragon.

Still, it stood tall enough to manhandle two Argonians and stomp on a third one like he was an ant, the other two struggling and screaming in his flaming grasp as Hildr murderously glares at them.

Aurelia instead is just waving her hand with an annoyed frown, an Argonian with a caved in skull laying at her feet.

Well, he's fucking dead for sure.

"Seems like they really did come for us for revenge." I drawl out, hands on my hips as I stare down at the hole in my robes.

The stab broke some of my bones, but now I can feel a… sap in my Magicka reserves.

It seems I can repair my body by simply spending Magicka, huh? That is good to know.

Guess I can rip off my arm and beat a motherfucker with it one of these days!

"Your idiocy came in hand this time, Leo." Aurelia praises, a light smile on her lips.

I huff at her, "What do you mean by 'this time'?" She flushes and looks away, refusing to bring up the other times my idiocy has been very useful.

Like during our first meeting and killing the final boss of Bleak Falls Barrow, or me blowing a Dragon's back out.

This woman does not appreciate my idiocy, I swear!

With a sniff, I crouch down and grab the ankle of the Argonian I nearly froze to that in a very horrifying way just for shits and giggles, then drag him towards Hildr and Gretel.

"At least they saved us the waste of time of going after them…" I muse as Gretel cackles and kicks the frozen Argonian between the legs. Then proceeds to full body jump and stomp upon that sacred and weak spot with a cackle of utter insanity.

I let her have it as Aurelia approaches my side, dragging the corpse of the poor fucker that tried to attack her but only ended up with his brain turned into slurry and pushed out of his nostrils. "How do we even contact Hircine now?"

"There is no need for that." With a gentle flap of wings, a black crow slowly lands down on the trembling frozen body of the Argonian that ambushed me.

Glowing red eyes cruelly regard the Argonian man, then his group, with a cruel satisfaction that promises endless pain and torment. "Finally, you filthy things have ended biting more than you could chew." Craning his head, the crow turns to regard me with visible gratitude in those glowing orbs.

"You have my thanks, Leonidas. Dragonborn." Then, his gaze moves to the very quiet Hildr and Gretel. Gretel is excited and just waves with a happy smile as the crow regards her, while Hildr is nervous and holding her close, "And you too, children of mine."

Huh, guess Hircine regards those with Lycanthropy as his children. That's kinda cute, I guess?

"Make those fuckers suffer!" Gretel cries out, wide grin on her lips as she punches the air, earning a deep rumbling chuckle from the crow.

"That I shall do, little puppy."

"I'm not a puppy!"

Hircine just ignores her and turns his gaze back towards me, "As promised, your reward." A rift opens in the air next to him, showing a green valley of hills and trees beyond, yet the majority of the sight is blocked by a towering figure that steps through the rift.

An enormous Minotaur, nearing four meters in height and with muscular arms bigger than my body, clad in heavy fur armor and with a massive war-ax rested over his shoulders.

Once through, the Minotaur slams down on one knee and bows his head towards me, "You have my thanks for assisting Lord Hircine with hunting down these deplorable fools, Sir Leonidas." The tall monster speaks, voice deep and regal, before he stretches a large hand towards me.

In it lay a sort of necklace made out of bones, with a yellow eyeball attached at it's end. "Use this Artifact to call upon my strength whenever you need it. I shall gladly accept any challenges, and be your weapon at any time." Damn…

This dude does look like he could kick some serious fucking ass. Having him around is a big boost to our strength.

I take the offered necklace Artifact with a hum, "What's your name, big guy?" I ask, offering him a hand.

He takes it and shakes it as he stands, "Marius the Hunter. At your service." Yeah, he'll surely be insanely useful to have.

Nodding in satisfaction, Hircine turns his head towards Aurelia, "For your assistance, I'll grant you the Saviour's Hide… But the usual one would be far too weak for the likes of you." He hums, then his glowing gaze moves towards the group of Argonians laying below and around him.

"How about I forge a new one out of their scales and Enchant it for you?" He finally offers, surprising me greatly.

He clearly values Gretel a great deal, since he is being so generous with our rewards.

Aurelia's eyes sparkle, uncaring of the fact that she'd be wearing the scales of dead Argonians, "That will suffice. You have my thanks."

Hircine snorts, "No, you have mine." Finally, his gaze softens and moves to Hildr and Gretel.

He remains quiet for a few seconds before his powerful voice once more echoes out from the bird's body, "You have no need to fear me, child." He whispers gently, clearly speaking to Hildr, who lowers her gaze, "Your blessing is strong… Too strong for you to control, it seems."

He sighs softly, "If you wish for it, I shall take it back." He makes his offer, and Gretel throws a worried look up at her sister.

Hildr remains quiet, biting down on her lower lip for several seconds before she finally sighs and sags her shoulders, "I will keep worshiping you, even without it." Hircine stills, then chuckles happily.

"Then, allow me to grant you something else as I take away my blessing." His gaze strays to the flaming demonic Familiar, "I'll give your friend here a boon." With a flick of his wing, the Familiar disperses into a gust of embers, and Hildr gasps and straightens herself.

Before smiling brightly, something that brings out her cool beauty, "Thank you, Lord Hircine." She whispers softly and warmly.

Then Gretel cuts in, "What about me?!" She pouts, earning a hearty chuckle from the Daedric Prince and a bonk on the head from Hildr.

With a hum, Hircine gazes down at the trembling and terrified Argonians, "How about you decide their punishment then?" Gretel's gaze instantly lights up with the cruel brilliance of a thousand Suns.

With a cruel and furious grin, she bares her teeth down at the bastards that clearly wanted to hunt her down, "Stuff them into rabbits, set them free in your plane, and have them be hunted and feasted on for eternity."

...Jesus Christ.

"And that is why you are my favorite, little puppy." Hircine chuckles, his words earning an indignant squawk from the young girl before he waves his wing once more.

Instantly, howls and squeals of agony fill the air together with the sound of flesh being torn apart, and scales being slowly ripped off their bodies in the most violent and painful manner.

I don't flinch at the sight, but instead quite enjoy it, knowing that filth like them deserved every last bit of this pain.

"Now I feel bad for killing one of them…" I hear Aurelia muse from beside me, clearly of the same mind.

Slowly, their blood, flesh, scales and even their bones are gathered together and turned into a suit of compact blackish-green armor.

The set of armor, divided into helm, gauntlets, pants, boots and chestplate, now glistens brightly and slowly floats down and over to Aurelia, who quickly gathers it up and folds it neatly.

"Wearing it fully shall grant you night vision, enhance your senses, and greatly boost your speed and strength." Hircine reveals the quite shocking Enchantments he stuffed into the Daedric Artifact now in Aurelia's hands, whose eyes now sparkle with delight.

"If you need anything else in the future, we're always open for requests." I tell the Daedric Prince with a thumbs up, earning a strange gaze from him.

"I'll keep that in mind, but I'd rather not test Sheoggorath any further." That bad, huh? "He currently has Molag Bal in a chokehold."

That's my fucking guy!

As I cackle at the mental image, Hircine turns towards the two sisters, "Do take care, children. Remember that I always listen to your prayers and offerings." And with those gentle and warm parting words, the Bird just disappears into thin air, leaving us behind into the quiet of the night.

I turn my head towards the towering form of Marius, "You can go back to join hunting down those bastards." The Minotaur bows with a feral grin before stepping back, his form rippling and fading away into nothing as he returns to Hircine's plane of existence.

Grabbing the necklace, I set it around my neck with a hum, then sigh out a "Now what?" as I look towards the girls. Of course, I start putting on the leather helmet too, as it is best like that.

"Now you're gonna help me!" Gretel announces, sniffing and turning her nose up at us, small fists on her hips.

I blink and look at Aurelia, who is holding her new set of armor in her arms, then towards a slightly annoyed Hildr. "With what?"

With another sniff, Gretel jabs a finger towards her sister, "Convincing my Big Sister that she can go to the College of Winterhold!" I pause at that, while Hildr just sighs and shakes her head.

"Gretel, you know why I can't."

Stomping her foot angrily, the younger sister turns to glare at the older and taller woman, "You now won't lose control of your Lycanthropy as you do not have it anymore, so you are not a risk or danger anymore."

"Yes, but I cannot leave you." Hildr states heavily, stunning her little sister, "I just… I don't want to leave you here, in this boring and shitty place, while I enjoy myself at the College. Granny isn't… She's nearly fully gone, Gretel."

Slowly, Gretel slumps her shoulders with a small sigh, "She didn't even remember me this morning." She whispers softly, making me feel a slight pang of pity.

Old age is one hell of a nasty curse, especially if it brings memory loss problems or illnesses.

"Her worries are fair, Gretel." I chime in, earning a pout from the girl as I turn to regard Hildr, "Have you already tried entering the College, in case there is a test?"

Hildr shakes her head, "I received an invitation, many months ago. I really want to go, but again…" She nods towards Gretel, who looks on the verge tears for seemingly holding her sister back from doing what she enjoys.

The sight makes me ponder about a certain possibility, "What if you leave her with the Companions in Whiterun?" The sisters still, then turn to look at me in confusion, "Some of them have Lycanthropy too, so Gretel should feel right at home."

"Some of them have Lycanthropy?" Aurelia asks me, utterly surprised. Have I not mentioned this to her before?

"Yeah, like Aela." Aurelia blinks, then sniffs out a 'Huh…' before falling quiet.

Turning my gaze back towards the sisters, I notice that Gretel's eyes are now sparkling with excitement, "I can join the Companions?!" I never said join…

Hildr sighs with a fond smile on her face, then gives me a look, "She always wanted to grow up and join them." She reveals, much to my growing amusement, "Are they reliable?"

"Very much so." I instantly nod and quell her worries, "They are very loyal and open, and I'm sure they'll love Gretel." Farkas will for sure, the big dumb fool.

"I guess…" With a sigh, Hildr looks at her excited little sister and visibly starts to give in. "Fine." In the end, she gives up, and the high-pitched squeal from Gretel could have killed a Dragon.

"You're free to join us on our way back, though we'll be taking the long way around." I offer and inform Hildr, who perks up.

"How come?"

I jab my thumb towards Aurelia, "We'll be visiting around… four Dragon Mounds, I hopes of removing a few more Dragons from possibly coming back and becoming threats."

Hildr shudders at that. Her first Dragon encounter clearly wasn't with a weak one, or a small one.

We got a damn Juggernaut, goddamn…

"I'll take you up on that offer, then." With a smile, Hildr nods and grabs Gretel's hand in her own, earning a smile from Aurelia.

Though, why is her smile shaky?

"Now, I won't be the only one to suffer under him…" Aurelia laughs, as if relieved.

Hildr blinks.

Her lone eye slowly moves towards me.

Then, very slowly, she pales.

"Actually, I think it's best we go on our separate-"

"Too late."

More victims!

Yay!


xxxXXXxxx​


"A letter from the College of Winterhold?" The Jarl Balgruuf blinks at the offered letter in Irileth's hand.

"Indeed." His faithful bodyguard and friend nods, voice cool and collected, "It seems it is for the Dragonborn's companion."

Ah, the peculiar Mage that had Farengar nearly pop a vein.

Staring at the symbol of the college upon the letter, Balgruuf hums momentarily before waving over a nearby guard. "Keep it safe for when our friends come back. Inform the guards at the gates to let me know of their return posthaste."

With a respectful bow, the guard collects the letter before hurriedly moving to fulfill his Jarl's order.

Nodding his head, Balgruuf turns to regard Irileth once more, "Any news from the guards on the walls?"

His Housecarl falls quiet for a short second before sighing, "Another Dragon sighting, near Shearpoint."

Balgruuf curses under his breath. This one is the third in a row now, all clearly different Dragons of different sizes.

So far, none of his lands have been attacked, and he has not heard from the other Holds of any attacks either, but this might as well be the calm before the storm.

"Have the Guard and the Companion know to be ready at all times, even at night. Have them sleep with swords and bows in hand, if we must." He hated to request help from the Companions, but he knew they would offer it without missing a beat. Only when it came to battle, of course.

"That shall be done." Irileth bows her head, then straightens herself, "Anything else, my Jarl?"

Cupping his bearded chin, Balgruuf thinks about it momentarily.

The college surely sent the letter as an invite for Leonidas, probably having received word of his unique Spell that wounded and killed a Dragon.

A Spell that should, for all intents, be a simple toy taught to kids.

That man is truly weird…

"Nothing comes to mind." He sighs out, then gives the woman before him a look, "Anything else for me to handle?"

"A request for a personal meeting, my Jarl." His Housecarl reveals, making him perk up, "By a woman named Delphine."

Delphine…

Balgruuf breathes in, already not liking this. Not one bit.

The dumb woman could bring the attention of the damn Thalmors to his city if she wasn't careful.

"Push back the meeting for another time, make an excuse." Balgruuf decides, too tired to want to deal with the woman at this hour.

He could tell what she wanted, and like hell he was going to help her with it and ruin his chances at keeping his city safe from Divine forsaken Dragons.

With a knowing smile, his housecarl bows, "As you wish, my Jarl-"

Then the skies tremble.

The very air vibrates with the wrath and fury of a God of Thunder.

A voice thunders across the valley;


"STRUN-BAH-QO!"​


The Firmament itself howls and wails.

The stars fade from view, replaced by ink-black clouds.

Followed by chains of lightning dancing across their surface, each one the size of a house.

Balgruuf slowly curses under his breath as he rushes out of Dragonsreach with Irileth in tow, gaze focusing upon the furious skies above… Until a bright light catches his eyes.

A sparkle of violet light that blooms into a blinding sphere, then unravels forth, descending down the mountain Balgruuf knows is Shearpoint.

Like a tidal wave, the violet light descends down and across the land, dissipating before reaching the walls of Whiterun… Yet, even through the thick darkness of the starless night...

The Jarl Balgruuf could still see the thousands of glowing blue eyes of Undead beings crawling out of the earth en masse.

"Gather the army." He whispers towards Irileth.

"Now!"



A.N. I've been apologizing a lot for the slow updates, but Summer is just evil.

I can't promise when the next chapter shall be out, but it should be soon? Hopefully.

Still, hope you all enjoyed this chapter, and thank you all for the constant support and bearing with me!

P.S. A possible 'I, Dragon' fic might be in the works.

And remember to go on my Patreon if ya wanna read FIVE CHAPTERS AHEAD!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
Last edited: Aug 12, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta, Daniil and 1,943 others
Musashi-Chan
Aug 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 17
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Aug 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,155
Packing the bags was swift, yet quiet. Hildr could tell that despite her earlier excitement, Gretel did not feel good about just leaving all of a sudden.

Her glances towards their granny's room told Hildr everything… But at the same time, she could do nothing.

The elderly lady was gone. Making her remember them, sometimes, took too much effort.

Effort that, several minutes later, would go to waste as she swiftly forget them once more.

Other times she'd just sit on her chair, staring vacantly at nothing, for hours on end. It was… depressing.

"We can say goodbye, if you want." Despite herself, Hildr still offers her little sister the option. She herself couldn't do it, despite the letters she already scribbled down.

One would, perhaps even uselessly, rest upon the table of the kitchen where they shared many cries of joy and loving memories. Perhaps, it will be opened, read, then forgotten.

Much to her surprise, Gretel shakes her head, her eyes slightly red as she stares towards the locked door of a certain room, "It'll just hurt more."

Hildr sighs through her nostrils, "She'll be taken care off." Despite her dislike of Falkreath, there was one thing that she found good about it.

They favored and treated the elders with the utmost respect and care. Her neighbors will surely do everything in their power to take care of her grandma in their absence.

The letters she wrote are for them, so to make them aware of the situation.

"We'll still come visit." Hildr promises, gently resting a hand on her sister's head and running her fingers along her wild and untamed rust-colored hair. "Once I settle down in the college, I'll come pick you up and we can come visit for a bit, alright?"

A low and quiet nod is her answer. It is more than enough to satisfy her.

So, quietly, Hildr grabs the heavy bags filled with their sparse belonging and led the way out of the door. Under the cover of the night, she leaves the letters she wrote for the neighbors right before their door before loading her bags on the horse.

Mounting it, her lone eyes moves towards her small home of two decades. Despite the sadness deep within her gaze, she now felt… Free.

Free of her curse. Free of the home where she lived in a constant state of fear of losing control, of doing everything in her power to grow stronger, but also care and love for her younger sister.

A breath leaves her lips, her shoulders sag, and the reins of her horse are flapped as Gretel hugs her from behind.

The horse trots down the street, and Hildr allows one of her hands to rest on Gretel's, sharing their sadness and giving her the comfort she needs. Her job as an older sister, one she takes up with pride.

It is quiet for a while, but then Gretel speaks up, "Say, big sis…" Hildr hums, showing that she was listening, "I just thought of something." Well, that is either going to be bad, or annoying.

"And what might that be?"

When she speaks up again, Hildr could hear the amusement in Gretel's voice, "The beast the Jarl feared, the Dragon, is gone… And so are the idiots that he hired." Hildr raises her good brow at her sister's words.

"So?"

A giggle, "How bad do you think he is going to freak out when he learns of this?" The older sister pauses, her lone eye blinking slowly, before a smile slowly cracks on her usually stern face.

Laughter bubbles forth, and Gretel joins in, both sharing in the delight of the suffering of the Jarl of Falkreath.

Deep down, Hildr feared for Falkreath, as it did recently lose a great deal of soldiers.

While also a merchant city that stands before another entrance to Skyrim through the mountain chain, Falkreath never rose to be as enormous as Helgen. It lacks massively in comparison.

It lacks manpower, and due to their old ways, they also rarely seek help, only doing so when truly terrified and desperate like with the Dragon issue.

Alas, she couldn't do anything about these sort of things. Politics is one of the things she'll never willingly step into.

Soon, her horse leaves past one of the gates of Falkreath, and she directs it towards the temporary camp of her two new… friends. She could call them that after they literally fought against a gargantuan Dragon together.

And came here to save her sister from those sick bastards. For that, she'll forever be grateful.

The light of a fire helped her find the temporary camp in the forest with ease, a light smile crossing her face when her eyes land on the tall and beautiful form of Aurelia.

The literal Dragonborn. Ain't that one hell of a shock..

Warm eyes flick towards them, and a gentle smile spreads across the woman's face as she stops tending to the fire. "I hope everything has gone well." Hildr nods, a light smile on her own face as she dismounts her horse and helps Gretel get down.

"It'll take a bit to get used to this change, but… I guess that's obvious." Aurelia nods with an understanding look on her face.

"When I started traveling, it took me months to get used to just being constantly on the road." The silver haired woman hums out, a light nostalgic look in her eyes, "Now, it's taking me a while to get used to just sitting in one place."

Hildr could guess why, "Guess you can't really leave the area, with the whole Dragon business going on…"

Aurelia nods with a tired sigh, "It's a massive responsibility. And you saw that I am not really up to par just yet, since we were nearly bested by the Dragon from before…" Yeah…

Hildr is very confident in the Familiar she raised since young, and she put her all to Conjure him and empower him as much as possible, yet that Dragon still made her Familiar look like an insect.

It was… Humbling. And terrifying.

"And you're dealing with that by yourself?" Having to face Dragon after Dragon, with some perhaps even stronger than the one they just fought…

"Well, I have Leo with me." Aurelia hums, brushing a strand of hair behind her ear with a warm smile on her lips. "He's… I don't think I could've gotten this far without him. I am very grateful for that." Then, as soon as she finishes saying that, her face darkens into a near murderous scowl, "If only he'd stop being such a massive headache…"

Huh… No wonder he gets along so well with Gretel. Just, he was far worse. Far, far worse.

Like Gretel, but with Magic, and a thousand times more unhinged.

"Speaking off…" Said little sister speaks up, her gaze curiously flicking around the campsite, "Where is he?"

Aurelia blinks.

Then, very slowly, she turns to look around the campsite. Horses, Hildr, Gretel, Aurelia.

The only living beings there- Oh wait, the idiot is an Undead.

Once his absence is noted, Aurelia just sighs, "He's… close. I hope… I was just talking with him, after all-"

BOOM!


xxxXXXxxx​


"Where the fuck did he come from?! Kill him already!"

"How did he get past the damn doors?! They have a password!"

"Hmm… Clap your cheeks, I will."

"What the fuck is he even spouting?! And why won't he die!?"

"Just keep throwing your spells at him, Festus!"

"Can't you see I am doing that, and that it's useless?!"

"Big ahh forehead, you have."

"He's talking so weird! What the fuck is he?!"

"Babette! You have to-"

"Blow this shit up, Yoda will."

"Wait wha-"

"Thermonuclear wolves, I gift."

Awoooo!


xxxXXXxxx​


I lay there, sprawled in the smoking crater of my own making, and let out a content sigh.

Now that was satisfying.

The fight against the big ass Dragon wasn't really satisfying. It made me feel weak and inadequate, which is annoying. Even with the Draconic Chant, I could barely pose as a threat to that giant.

Plus, somehow, I did not get any Souls from when we dealt with those Argonians, which were kind of a disappointment.

I came here expecting to fight some powerful Werecrocodiles, but all the hype was stolen by the giant Dragon, and when they did try to attack us, it was all over in the blink of an eye.

I guess I just gave them too much credit.

Still, while it irks me that I got nothing from them, likely due to Hircine wanting to keep them complete so he could torture them, I decided to just switch target to… Something else.

Mainly, the Dark Brotherhood. I thought my research for the door leading to their hideout would be like finding a needle in a haystack… But then these dumb-fucks just decided to be very obvious.

How? They literally hid their goddamn hideout in a valley with very dense mist.

Pretty sure the mist was done by magic, perhaps by Babette herself since she is a Vampire and I feel like that would be one of their power-sets.

Plus, now that she is dead, the mist is clearing up very quickly, so there's that.

Either way, I got a good harvest by clearing out these fuckers.


[A Soul has been absorbed!] x6

[A Greater Soul has been absorbed!]​


Six normal Souls, and a Greater Soul from Babette herself. For being a very old Vampire, she was laughably weak. Wonder why...

Now… Maybe I should Evolve my Conjuration Spell? Aside from the wolves, the other two Summons are… Pathetic.

One is the usual Bound Sword Conjuration Spell like in the game, but I really have no use for it.

As for the arrow… I literally have a damn artillery shot in the form of the Arcane Cannon, so that puny arrow is even more useless than the damn sword.

Not that I should complain. What I have now is better than the undead creatures I had before.

Necromancy is good and all, but not that good when I am currently in a place where the dead are worshiped and meant to be left the fuck alone.

So yeah, Arkay is still a homie.

Or, instead of focusing on the Conjuration Spell, I can power up Anodyne and evolve it. The healing capabilities are quite strong – Aurelia said that it's way stronger than the Prayer of Healing Spell that she uses – so I can focus on making its scale far greater.

Perhaps it'll come with a massive cost, but I do have some massive reserves currently.

Yeah, I'll use five of the six normal Souls I have to Evolve Anodyne. Might as well.


[Anodyne]

A simple yet effective Healing Spell. A small dome of Holy Magick that heals any ally within while also burning any Undead or Dark creature in its vicinity.

Modification/s: Radius Up! x5

(5/5)


Spell 'Anodyne' has been Maxed!

Spell 'Anodyne' has Evolved!


[Sanctuary]

A grand field overflowing with Holy Light, deployed with the caster at its epicenter. Injuries are healed at an accelerated rate within, Undead are set alight with Sunfire, and allies physical parameters are greatly empowered within its radius.

(0/10)​


Hey, that's pretty good. Insanely so.

In fact, I think I can now focus on other things and just keep this Spell as it is for a long while.

Though, now that I think about it, I wonder if there are any Dragon Words that I can use to pair up with this Spell to further empower it.

…Can't wait to annoy the shit outta Aurelia with this powerful Holy Spell cast by an Undead of all things.

My cackle is interrupted by a loud cough, making me perk up and turn my head to look towards the edge of the still smoking crater I am laying down in.

"Oh, hello Aurelia!" I wave cheerfully at the visibly annoyed and exasperated woman, Hildr and Gretel by her side, both sisters staring at the large crater and ruins with shock on their faces. "I was just helping some friends renovate! Ain't I kind?!"

Her knuckles pop so loudly that I hear them from all the way over her. Her right eyebrow also visibly twitches, "What. Did. You. Do." Oh my…

"Blew something the fuck up, it seems…" Gretel helpfully adds, then winces when Hildr bonks her on the head for swearing.

"I'll have you know that this looks far better than what they had before." I state towards the young lady with a very charitable and kind tone of voice.

Aurelia looks like she is about to assault me. "Leo."

I sigh and stand up, "You see, I was bored, so I thought to myself… 'Why don't I go visit some old friends of mine?' – And it was quite easy to find them too! Hiding their headquarters in a valley with thick mist all over. So edgy."

Perhaps it's magical mist that fucks up the senses, hence why they were never found until now, and said mist could not affect me since my senses are magical. I guess.

"I… What friends?!" Aurelia asks, utterly exasperated and dragging her hands along her face.

Hildr, instead, whispers a faint, "Ain't no fucking way…" And gives me a very shocked look.

"Why, the Dark Brotherhood, of course!" They should have been glad Yoda went to visit them, but nope. They freaked the fuck out, started firing arrows and try to attack me, one even went all Werewolf on me – sorry Hircine – and then Spells started flying alongside screams and…

Well, Thermonuclear Wolves.

Didn't know I could power them up by pumping more Magicka into them… Hence, the crater.

"The… The Dark Brotherhood?" The cute Dragonborn repeats, all of her anger fading away and replaced by utter disbelief.

"I did hear that they saw some weird activity around here…" Hildr muses, "No one really did anything because… Well, the mist around here messed with the senses, and their bounties weren't that high to make wasting manpower worth it."

Huh, so they were basically a joke? Not that different from the game, then. I only did their Quests for the money, body slamming the Emperor, and the money I would get from doing exactly that.

"How did you defeat them?" Aurelia asks as I stand up and dust myself off.

"What makes you think they were even a challenge?" She blinks in surprise at my words. "That's the thing about Assassins. They are only good because you don't know they are coming, don't know they have been studying you, and have several plans prepared for the mission."

Alas, they had no plan in mind in how to deal with the great Yoda.

"Hence, when taken by surprise, they are mostly fumbling fools with some passable skills." They really had utmost confidence in their enchanted door, so had no contingency plan in case someone gets past that and attacks them.

Still, now that I think about it, Cicero is still out there… A problem for the future. If it even becomes one.

"I guess so…" Aurelia hums, then bends down and offers me a hand to get out of the crater, which I gratefully accept and let her pull me up with laughable ease. "Still, could you not do these risky things without saying anything?"

"But then you'd never allow me to do them!"

"Obviously!" Aurelia shrieks as I sag my shoulders, and if I could, I'd pout her way, "The first time we met you went around Riverwood assaulting and traumatizing people at night, Leo!"

"Huh… I wonder if they found that hogtied Wood Elf yet…" I muse despite Aurelia's protests, making her actively sob and nearly collapse to her knees.

Hildr just looks at me like I am a peculiar creature, "You are one weird motherfucker…"

"Why, thank you!"

"That ain't a compliment…"

"As I say quite often… Sheoggorath would be proud."

Hildr blinks. Gretel snorts. Then the older sister nods and turns away, "Yeah, I'm gonna regret sticking around with you guys."

"Give me one week, and you'll have white hair."

Gretel nods, "A few days, if we team up." I give the little girl a look, then we share a nod and fist-bump.

"Hircine is lucky to have you." I praise, and the girl smugly puffs out her chest with a proud, adorable grin.

"Of course he is!" Heh, prideful much?

Aurelia whines from behind me, "Lord Arkay, have mercy on me…"

I, of course, decide to not have any.

So, very cheerfully, I turn around to face her, "Did you forget that he blessed me?"

Aurelia actively starts crying at that point.


xxxXXXxxx​


"I don't like the look of those clouds…" I perk up and turn towards Hildr, looking away from Aurelia who is currently munching on her third Dragon Soul of the morning.

In the end, we decided it was best to hurry back to Whiterun than waste time going towards Rorikstead so to grab the Dragon Soul near there.

Due to how massive Skyrim is here, it would've been a massive waste of time just going there then back to Whiterun. Plus, we have Gretel with us.

I'd rather make it so that she can go to sleep in a bed instead of having to camp outside, and Aurelia is already starting to look travel weary since we've been on the road non-stop.

I turn my gaze in the direction Hildr is looking towards and 'frown' myself at the sight of the pitch black clouds flashing with lighting in the far distance.

Didn't even notice them until the sun started rising...

"Yeah, I don't like that either." Fuck, is it happening already?

Did the Dragons finally wake up Krosis? If so, we may need to hurry up.

"Aurelia!" I shout, drawing the woman's attention as she startles slightly, the dense wisps of energy around her having finally faded. "We need to go! Now!"

Her gaze flicks towards the storm in the distance, her gaze narrowing dangerously as she swiftly rushes to her horse to mount it.

Hildr picks up Gretel and has her sit on her lap, "You know what's the cause of the storm?" She asks as I flap the reins of my own horse, making it neigh and start to move.

"Unfortunately." I grunt out, "I was hoping it wouldn't happen yet, but the Dragons clearly woke the fucker up."

And the worst thing is that Krosis ain't even the only Dragon Priest with a sarcophagus that is out in the open.

"It reminds me of the storm that covered Helgen…" Aurelia whispers with worried eyes, "Without the giant flaming meteors, that is." That's just Alduin being excessive.

With a frown on her beautiful face, Hildr turns towards me, "I have an inkling on what the Dragons could have woken up, as I read books about them…" Yeah, she's hoping that her inkling is wrong.

Alas, it ain't. "The Dragon Priest Krosis. He is a powerful Frost Mage, and surely also a Necromancer to boot." I pause slightly, "Each Dragon Priest also wears a powerful Enchanted Mask that bears their name, but I am unsure of what the enchantment on Krosis's mask does."

After all, I doubt it boosts Archery, Lockpicking and Alchemy here… So perhaps it might boost his Frost Magic, which might be troublesome.

"Fuck…" Hildr curses under her breath.

"Yeah, sorry. Didn't think he'd wake up right when we're coming back." I apologize, but she waves me off with a light smile.

"It's fine. This is a good opportunity for me to test the boons Lord Hircine granted my Familiar."

"Oh, yeah…" I muse and tilt my hood covered head, "What did he gift you?"

My question brings a very eager and excited grin on Hildr's face, "Twenty years worth of growth for my Familiar, and some abilities I'll have to go through with it when I conjure it again."

I hum and rub my chin, "We could buy you a Magistone Staff, if it makes your Conjuration stronger." I offer, throwing a look towards the frowning Aurelia.

Her frown relaxes lightly, and a smile crosses her lips as she nods, "It can be our way to repay you for the help you offered against the Dragon."

Hildr flushes shyly with a light smile on her face, "I'd rather not impose on your generosity. Plus, I barely did anything."

"Your Familiar punched a fucking Dragon in the face, woman." She flushes harder, "Pretty sure it also put that fucker in a choke-hold?" I muse aloud, my memory is a bit spotty due to how chaotic that fight was.

Snorting, Gretel leans forward to grin my way, "On behalf of my sister, I shall graciously accept your gift!" Huffing, Hildr bonks Gretel on the head, but the woman does throw a very grateful smile our way.

Magistone staffs clearly cost a lot, and I doubt she can afford one right now, but she definitely deserves it. I wouldn't mind having her as a friend, especially for Aurelia.

"Of course, Gretel can repay me by making sure to annoy the Companions as much as possible." I offer, making Hildr snort and her little sister cackle like a maniac.

"You are asking for something that I was already going to do!" There's a reason on why I like this brat so much.

With a chuckle, I turn towards Aurelia, "Right, what did you gain from the Dragon Soul you just gobbled up?" The previous two gave her some very specialized boosts, by her own words.

One made her feel like her very body go tougher, while the second one made her feel as light as a feather. No new Dragon Words though, sadly enough.

With a hum, Aurelia tilts her head and closes her eyes, "It feels like I am overflowing with Magicka." She reveals, surprising me a great deal. "Can Dragons even use Magic?"

That… Can they? They resort to their Dragon Words to breathe fire or other elements, but could they cast Spells and learn magic if they put their mind to it?

They are prideful, so maybe some would do it, or might be goaded into trying it…

"Now that's a good and interesting question…" A Dragon that wields Magic sounds terrifying, honestly.

"Speaking of having a lot of Magicka…" With a hum, Aurelia lifts her right hand, then points two of her fingers towards our horses and chants out a low yet echoing, "Bless!" That engulfs the horses in blinding golden light.

They neigh in what seems like excitement before they start speeding up.

Then they keep speeding up.

And speeding up.

"Whee-" Goes Gretel, arms in the air and long rust-colored hair flying in the air alongside her sister's as the horses just reach insane speeds without trouble.

"I could have made the Spell even stronger!" Aurelia shouts in the air, a near cackle to her cheerful voice that reminds me of my own cackles.

Oh God, I am infecting her with my insanity… That's hot.

Alas, the excitement and rush of the horses incredible speed does not last long. Barely a few minutes.

Large fires and pillars of smoke enter our line of sight, all around the main road leading up to Whiterun.

Walls of sharp wooden stakes, broken weapons and large craters all over the place. The few houses that used to be outside now lay in smoking ruins.

"The air smells awful here…" Gretel mutters under her breath as my gaze roves around to take in the destruction of the surrounding area.

It's like there was an invasion, not a Dragon attack…

The walls of Whiterun seem battered, having seemingly withstood the attacks of several Spells that managed to leave some scars on the walls, but aside from that the only real damage I see are the ruined houses.

The fields seem to be mostly untouched, so that's good…

The sky above rumbles with lighting, some enormous bolts even crashing down not far from us in loud and powerful explosive blasts of heat and force that send molten shrapnel flying in all directions… The Storm Call Shout.

Slowly, I dismount from my neighing horse and throw a glance towards Aurelia.

Her hands are balled into tight fists, and she's biting down on her lower lip hard enough to draw blood, her gaze hateful and filled with pure rage.

"Aurelia…" I reach out, but I hesitate to touch her as she lets out a low, hissing breath.

"I can feel the filth of Necromancy in the surrounding air…" She growls out as I draw my hand back and sigh softly.

Instead, I turn to look towards Hildr, "Let's hurry inside. I'd rather not put Gretel into any danger." The woman nods gratefully, and I lead the way up the road leading to the reinforced main gates of Whiterun.

They don't look damaged, and the surrounding near the front of the gate are quite clean, showing that the battle never reached this area.

"Halt!" A voice shouts from above the walls, a near dozen men appearing and drawing their bows towards us, though one of them halts and draws his bow back, "Stand down! It's the Dragonborn!"

The declaration was soon followed by an "Open the gates!" Shout, then by the loud groan of metal creaking as the large gates slowly part open.

I pause when I see the state beyond the gate. More wooden stakes and walls made to impede the approach of marching soldiers and the likes.

And all around are dozens upon dozens of soldiers, with some Companions mixed in with them.

"Leonidas!" A shout makes me perk up, the huge form of Farkas jumping over a wooden wall to approach us, his fat ass being the one behind the call. "It's good to see you in one piece, my friend!"

He laughs happily, looking very much alright as he claps a hand on my shoulder without care of his strength. Pretty sure he just dislocated that bitch.

"I'd say the same, but it seems you all had an… eventful night." Farkas's laughter turns into a rueful chuckle, his gaze growing serious and mildly worried.

Still, he nods towards Hildr as a greeting, "Best we go in. I'm sure the Jarl is expecting you." I nod and follow after the towering man, then large gates swiftly slamming shut behind us.

Hanging a bit behind, I slow down enough that I am walking right next to Aurelia, her gaze downcast and focused on the ground, "Go relax. I'll handle things here." I tell her, making her perk up lightly.

"Leo, wait-" I don't and simply skip ahead, motioning for Hildr and Gretel to follow after me as I do so.

The area is full of guards, so the two stick close by me as the soldiers in orange part around Farkas while moving logs of wood or sharpening stakes left and right.

It's the fact that there is no tension in the air that makes me respect these fuckers a lot. There's just anticipation.

They aren't worried about the next possible attack, no- They are literally fucking hoping that it comes.

Farkas leads to a small home instead of Dragonsreach, with a pair of guards standing by the small doors and tilting their head in greeting when we step past.

The inside is empty, with only a large table with candles on the side and a map at the center, and behind the table is Jarl Balgruuf himself.

His bearded face perks up, then brightens at the sight of me and Farkas walking in. "Leonidas! It is good to see you!" I chuckle and nod towards the Jarl, then turn to Farkas.

"Could you show my friends Jorrvaskr? The little girl really wants to become a Companion." My words make the big man's face light up like a Christmas tree, which I find funny.

"Of course!" He slams his fist against his chest with enough force to kill a lesser human, a big goofy grin on his face, "A friend of yours is a friend of mine!"

Another chuckle escapes me before I turn to Hildr and give her a nod. She gives me a kind and grateful smile as she holds the vibrating and excited Gretel who is ready to cause chaos.

I shall pray for Farkas's survival.

I watch them depart from the small building that seems to be a sort of strategy room of sort, then turn back to face the quietly and patiently waiting Jarl.

Then my eyes drifts toward a fellow hooded Magician hanging behind me.

I pause… Then, of course, I couldn't help my dumb self.

"Oh! Hide yo' Spells there's a broke Magician in the building!" I cackle, rudely pointing towards Farengar with a finger.

The Court Mage twitches, teeth visibly gritting as his crossed arms grow tenser and his shoulders rise up. "You…" The Jarl, of course, just sighs and face-palms.

"The Jarl really asked for the pocket-change of one of his kids to hire ya, didn't he?" I swagger up to the table with another cackle, making Farengar looks like he is ready to get a murder charge.

Luckily, the Jarl comes to his aid, "Please, don't antagonize my Court Mage, Leonidas." I shrug innocently even as Farengar keeps glaring holes through me. "Also, you have my deepest thanks for the warning you gave me before you departed. We were able to respond so quickly because of that."

I sigh and turn serious myself, "I had just hoped that my warning would have turned out to be useless, but alas…" I shake my head, "Can you tell me what exactly happened?"

Balgruuf nods and straightens himself, "It happened late at night. A Shout was used to conjure the storm that is still present above our heads, then some manner of Spell was used to bring forth an army of at least a thousand undead beings."

I pause at that. "Out of nowhere?"

The Jarl nods, "Out of nowhere indeed." That's… How? Conjured from the Soul Cairn, perhaps? "Luckily, they proved to be very weak. Only the mages among them gave us some trouble, but in the end we barely suffered any casualties."

This… "I don't like it." I let out my thoughts without shame.

Surprisingly, Farengar steps forward with a nod and sigh, "We fear that it was but a probing blow. A way to test us." Or maybe to draw out the Dragonborn.

"Any Dragons?" I question, mostly to quickly get the headcount of anything that we'll have to face.

"Three in total. None joined the initial fight, and we haven't seen them fly around either so far."

Three, staying together… Yeah, they must be weak then. Perhaps around Mirmulnir's level if not a bit lower or higher than that.

"We stand no chance in a battle of attrition." I drawl out as I cross my arms, "Our only chance of victory is going straight for the one behind it all… But the city cannot be left unguarded."

The Jarl nods with a frown, "I can put together a squad of strong warriors and mages without a problem-"

"Me and Aurelia will be more than enough." I cut off the Jarl's offer, but my voice show how grateful I am for it, "Our enemy is a powerful undead. A Dragon Priest – a powerful mage that gained the recognition and favor of a Dragon – by the name of Krosis, from the Merethic Era."

"Aurelia is a Paladin of Arkay, the bane of all Undead beings, so we'll have an edge." One that we must tip over in our favor if we want to achieve a victory.

Balgruuf chews on one of his nails in thought and worry, only to sigh in defeat after a few seconds, "We're going to help you as much as we can, then."

If I could, I'd be grinning right now. "We'll need help to reach the fucker… The problem is this Spell that conjures an entire army."

Farengar nods, "Weak it may be, but if it can cast multiple times then it'll be a problem."

"Yes, but such a powerful Spell must have a drawback. Some sort of limiter, or…" I hum and cup my chin, "What if it's not actually a Spell?"

Farengar stills, "Ancient Spells from the Merethic Era could be that powerful… But an Artifact with a Soul Gem could also be the answer!"

"A Soul Gem?" The Jarl questions, asking what I myself wanted to ask, but held back because like hell I'ma have Farengar hold one over me!

"Yes, my Jarl. Soul Gems are peculiar stones known to be able to absorb Souls themselves, or at least the energies that make them up."

"A powerful enough Soul Gem can hold dozens if not hundreds of Souls at once. If this Krosis were to wield a staff with a priceless Soul Gem upon it, then he'd be literally carrying a whole army with him!"

That… That makes a lot of fucking sense. So that's how Soul Gems are in this reality, huh? Peculiar.

"So…" The Jarl starts, a light grin spreading across his bearded face, "What we must do is force him to bring out his whole army at once." Even with the risk of an immense wave of undead falling upon Whiterun, the Jarl seems ready and eager to throw down.

"Question is, how do we do that?" Farengar questions with a hum.

So, it's my time to shine. "That's easy!" Both man perk up and turn towards me. "We make him panic."

"Panic?" The Jarl parrots, "How could we do that?"

I shrug, "He is sure to be prideful, and he'll expect that his show of force will make us cower away like turtles curling back in their shell, for him to tear apart little by little. His name – Krosis – means Sorrow, so perhaps he'll want to spread exactly that."

"So, instead of just hiding away… We'll just march towards that motherfucker."

The two quietly stare at me for several seconds.

"You son of a bitch, I'm in."

Balgruuf snorts at Farengar's words. "That is a very Nord-like plan, Leonidas."

"The best way is the dumbass way."

"Truer words have only come out of the mouth of a drunk Nord."

"When are Nords not drunk?"

"When they fuck." Farengar answers my question.

I slowly turn towards him.

He shrugs.

"It's so that they can remember it, then brag about it."

I…

I fucking love this place.


A.N. This summer is gonna make me tweak the fuck out.

Had to literally grab a fucking jet engine as a fan to stop myself from melting.

Either way, next is the ganging up on Krosis part.

Also, hope y'all like Hildr and Gretel! They are here to stay, and I quite like writing them.

And remember to go on my if ya wanna read FIVE CHAPTERS AHEAD!

p at re on.com/ SamuraiCheem

Next few chapters we'll also learn a bit about Aurelia's past and why she hates the Undead so much! And fluff!

Till then, take care ya lovely folks!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta, Daniil and 2,097 others
Musashi-Chan
Aug 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 18
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Sep 1, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,261
Adventuring had its ups and downs.

At first, she was nervous. Oh so very nervous. Used to the safety of her own city's walls, then forced on the road, with nothing but with what was left of her departed parents.

It took her two winters before she became comfortable traveling. It took her months to discover many of its ups and downs.

Resting out in a forest, or a valley, allowed her to gaze upon the ocean of stars above, which always draws her awe and gaze.

Sometimes, she even wished she had some company to enjoy that wonderful sight.

That takes her to the first down; Loneliness. Being alone with her own thoughts for prolonged amounts of time was never nice, but it's not like she can trust anyone at first glance.

Any human or other Race she meets could always end with her being attacked or betrayed or robbed. All those things, she experienced. Things that hardened her and opened her eyes to the still unknown world around her.

Another down was the many sleepless nights she had and has to go through during travels. It's not like she can just close her eyes and pray that no wolf, giant or lucky bandit wanders upon her camp and on her sleeping form.

So, for rest, just sitting down and resting is the most she could do. She could only allow herself to fall asleep when her camp is set in a very safe spot or when she is inside an inn.

Through time and ordeals, she grew used to all of those things. To all the ups and downs. To how repetitive and sometimes even useless it all felt.

And then, during yet another dive into an old, ancient tomb… She happened upon the dumbest fucking Undead in existence.

Leonidas himself.

The best way Aurelia can describe the man is a 'Ray of Sunshine'… Striking her right in the face, full force, while she is trying to sleep.

And no matter how she turns or covers her face, the ray of light remains there. Constantly. Just to annoy her.

If her hair weren't already of a silver hue, then she'd fear Leonidas would have turned them so within a week of hanging around her.

Though… She couldn't bring herself to be mad at him. Or even hate him for what he is.

He should be her Nemesis. An Undead for her to kill… Yet, something compelled her to stay her hand, and what a wonderful choice that was.

Annoying he may be… But she'd never replace him. It's what makes him a lovable idiot.

Then the idiot went and somehow got blessed by her Lord Arkay somehow…

The thought feels weird, sacrilegious even… Yet, that was confirmation enough that staying her hand that day was a wonderful choice, and that her Lord and God was not mad at her for forsaking her Oath.

Which, honestly, she should have expected since an Oathbreaker Paladin did not come to pay her a visit.

Those creepy guys always know when one breaks their Oath, somehow…

Now, she reached a point where she couldn't see herself traveling without the Undead goofball making her days and nights both wonderful and hell on Nirn.

Though she shouldn't expect – only hope – that Leonidas will stick with her once this whole mess is over.

Once she fulfilled this twisted Fate of hers.

But before all that… She has a vile Dragon Priest to take care of.

She allows a slow sigh to leave her, a twisted feeling of guilt deep in her belly making her unable to focus as she kneels there, before the statue of Lord Arkay within his church.

She wasn't alone. Many fearful people had come to seek refuge due to the fear spread by the Undead Dragon Priest and the army it unleashed upon Whiterun.

United by fear yet lacking real faith, these people wished for Divine Intervention just so they could return to their normal lives and never step foot within this church once more.

Some weren't even here to pray, but to visit those few who fell during the first attack by the Undead army.

"Lord Arkay…" She breathes out, a low whisper among the hushed prayers of the other praying townsfolk. Her hands were cupped together before her chest, her gaze low and her eyes closed tightly. "Please, grant me the strength needed to protect this beautiful city from that foul creature."

She remained knelt there for several seconds before bringing her cupped hands to her lips and resting a kiss there.

Prayer done, she stands and allows herself a deep breath to stabilize her emotions while her feet move to carry her towards the doors of the church.

Yet, a gentle hum and warmth makes her pause by the door.

Gingerly, she reaches for the blade momentarily clasped to her side. There, her Dwemer Greatsword thrummed with faint yet incredibly powerful and pure golden light.

Holy Magic, far greater than anything she ever managed to pull off.

She felt that pure and gentle warmth attune her weapon with its energies, causing her eyes to redden and fill with faint tears.

She did not mean it literally… But her Lord was listening, and still answered her prayer.

With renewed strength, she plasters a confident smile on her face and squares her shoulders before exiting the church to-

"-of a bitch go? I'm gonna gut him and feed him his own entrails then heal him and do it all over again…" Her gaze flatly lands on the pacing Leonidas not far from the church doors, his mumbling loud enough for her stronger senses to pick up on.

Of course he is plotting unspeakable acts of horror in front of a church.

"Oh!" And then he perks up with a jovial tone when his gaze lands on her, "Aurelia! Knew I'd find you here!" His robed form approaches her, then his head tilts to the side to peer past her shoulders and to the interior of the church, "Gotta say… Arkay's business do be boomin' right now."

"Perhaps I should help an homie out and attack cities myself-"

"Cease and desist, Leo." Why are his ideas always so crazy and prone to bringing destruction everywhere he goes?!

Still, his craziness made her momentarily forget her guilt… Yet it soon came back full force, making her hold back a wince while drawing her gaze away from Leonidas's robed form.

Why did she have to lose her cool like that?

Feeling the remnant disgusting energies of Necromancy before Whiterun, coupled with the clear surrounding destruction, nearly made her snap.

Yet, she never wanted to say or act in a way that could emotionally hurt Leonidas too. Sometimes, she just forgets that he too is an Undead…

"Why is your beautiful face all scrunched up now?" A finger pokes her nose, and Aurelia squeaks and jumps back, her face instantly feeling like it was on fire. "Much better."

A pout crosses her face, one of her hands clenching into a fist that she really wants to drill into his skull. How can he just spew compliments like that so suddenly?!

"So? What's wrong?" Leonidas questions, hands on his sides, "Who is at fault? Rest assured, I will just unleash eldritch horrors that can make even Sheoggorath squeal in terror upon them, nothing bad."

Why is he like this?!

"I'm the one at fault." She reveals, and Leonidas stills. Now, will he keep to his promise or-

"I'm gonna tickle the fuck outta you." He lunges at her without missing a beat-

Her hand clasps down on his skull. Her eyebrow twitches.

"I would like to apologize?" The man squeaks out as his skull audibly cracks under her pressure.

Still, she pulls back with a huff and crosses her arms beneath her bust, "You're an idiot."

"Thanks." Said idiot cheerfully welcomes the insult while fixing his hood, "Keep the compliments coming, please. Feed mine ego!"

Instead of doing that, Aurelia gets to the root of the matter, unable to handle the pit of guilt in her belly. "Aren't you angry at me?"

Her Undead friend pauses, then slowly tilts his head at her as if she asked a very dumb question. "Why the fuck would I be mad at you?"

Her lips threaten to twitch into a smile at his flat words, but she suppresses the urge, "For… My outburst, outside Whiterun."

His head tilts the other way this time, "Because you felt the 'Filth of Necromancy', as you put it?" She flinches, then nods slowly. "Why would I be mad about- Oooh, I never told you…"

She blinks and straightens herself at his quiet words, a sigh soon following as Leonidas berates himself beneath his breath, "Must've slipped my mind, but… Remember when Arkay blessed me?" Slowly, Aurelia nods, wondering where he is going with- "Yeah, well… When he did, I lost my ability to do Necromancy."

Aurelia freezes.

"So, yeah. You're outburst really didn't affect me, and it wouldn't have even if I didn't lose my Necromancy- Oh." Leonidas stops talking when her hand lashes out to grip his collar, then lift him off the ground. "Such strength!" He praises even as she drags him right in front of her.

Her very heated, furious eyes lock onto his now visible flickering flames within his eye-sockets, "How can you forget to make me aware of such a very important fucking thing." Her voice comes out through gritted teeth, and it took all of her self-restraint to not throw the idiot in front of her across Whiterun.

Or blast him with the Fire Shout at point blank.

Leonidas remains quiet for a few seconds, then he lifts an arm and a single finger, "Your honor, I plead oopsy daisy."

"...What?"

"I was busing admiring thy long, wonderful legs and forgot! Simple as that!"

She drops the idiot with a loud groan as her face starts to burn even harder than before, "Why are you like this?!"

"Because it's my charm?" She hated that he was so right. "Plus, I like how shy and cute you get when you receive compliments!"

Don't Fire Shout him. Don't Fire Shout him. Don't Fire Shout him.

"I'm not-" Aurelia breathes in, stopping herself from shouting at the idiot in front of her, "I do not deserve such compliments." She never really felt beautiful or attractive.

She could count the amount of times someone flirted with her on one hand, and have fingers left over.

Leonidas quietly stares at her for many long, quiet seconds. Her face grows warmer the longer he stares at her, and she couldn't help but start shuffling in place.

"L-Leo?" Now he was just being more weird than normal.

Finally, after what felt like several minutes, Leonidas speaks. "If you had Medusa's curse, I would still look into your eyes so that my stoned body could gaze upon perfection for eternity."

And with those words, he just turns around, starts humming, then starts walking away with a skip to his step.

He mouth opens and closes like a fish out of water, her eyes wide and filled with utter shock.

What the fuck is a 'Medusa'?!

How the fuck can he say such things with a perfectly calm voice!?

And why does her face burn so much?!

"Y-You can't just say stuff like that all of a sudden!" She shouts after him, hands balled up into fists by her side.

The culprit behind her current state just starts humming louder without a care in the world, "Leo!"

His humming just grows even louder.

Aurelia's groans, but her groans turns into a near sob at how powerless she is against the far too charming idiot.

Deciding to remain quiet so to not give Leonidas further chances to torture her, the flushed Aurelia follows after him, her gaze burning holes through his back as her bright flush slowly dies down. Her smile does not leave her face though.

She follows him to the always boisterous Jorrvaskr, their doors wide open and the Companions walking and out of it, both drunk and not.

Even with the looming threat, they still do not stop having fun, something that she can appreciate and respect. One last party before Sovngarde, or something along those lines.

The inside was just as chaotic as she could hear from the outside. Dozens of tables filled with food and drinks hosting dozens of men and women talking, cheering, or even fighting in empty areas of the hall.

Aurelia finds her smile grow when she catches sight of Gretel, the little gremlin going around with a grin on her face to sneakily steal food from the other tables.

Not far from her and sitting at a table with Farkas and Aela was Hildr, smiling warmly and watching after her little sister enjoying herself.

"Didn't take long to make herself at home, huh?" Leonidas muses as he approaches them, while Aurelia nods at the two Companions she hasn't seen for a bit.

Hildr shrugs as Gretel starts heading back their way, arms full of different kinds of food she stole from other people, who are now wondering why their plates are so empty. "Did you honestly expect anything less from her?"

Leonidas muses as he takes a seat, "I might take her in as a disciple."

"Hell no." Both her and Hildr say at the same time, voice heated and filled with dread and horror.

One Leonidas is already bad enough. Two of them would be a disaster upon all of Nirn.

She could pretty much guess that Leonidas was pouting their way even as she and Hildr share a very understanding look of shared pain.

And the red-haired woman hasn't been around him for even a whole day yet…

Quietly, Gretel returns to their table and proceeds to stuff her face with the stolen food like she hadn't eaten in days. But to be fair on the poor girl, she did spend a whole night and morning riding a horse around.

"So, how did your Honeymoon go?" Aela suddenly asks, throwing a grin towards Aurelia, who gapes and flushes towards the archer.

Hildr raises a curious brow and looks between Aurelia and Leonidas, "You two married?"

The Dragonborn chokes on air as her face starts to burn once more, "No! We aren't!"

Leonidas very slowly raises a hand and a finger, and Aurelia glares his way, "Say anything stupid and I will cave your skull in." She growls out through gritted teeth, fists clenched on the table.

His finger goes down. "Kinky…" He still whispers those damnable words out, making her want to leap across the table and strangle him.

"Yeah, guess you can't really do that with his issue…" Hildr muses to herself with a tilt of her head, making Aela raise a brow.

Then, slowly, she turns Leonidas's way, "Are you impotent?" Aurelia once more chokes on air and nearly bursts out laughing at the sudden and weird question.

Clearly Aela had misunderstood what the real issue was. Instead of thinking that Leonidas is an Undead, she presumes he is impotent.

"Quite on the contrary, actually." Leonidas drawls out, making Gretel perk up when he reaches over to cover her years. "If I slam my dick on this table, it'll break in half."

Farkas falls off his chair from laughter while Hildr palms her face with a sigh, at least a bit thankful that he covered her little sister's ears before spouting out such words.

"Huh…" Aela sniffs while Aurelia tries not to self-combust herself from sheer second-hand embarrassment. "You one lucky lady, girl." Aurelia lets out a sound akin to a boiling tea-kettle as the huntress pats her shoulder.

Why does everyone think she and Leonidas were like that?! Not that she would mind- NO!

Gretel blinks as her ears are freed, her eyes lingering on the muscular man gasping for breath beside their table, "What are you talking about?"

Leonidas just pats her on the head, "Nothing that important for your little head." He reassures her, making the girl shrug, "Enjoying your food?"

An eager nod of the head is his answer, "Food always tastes better when I steal it from others." Hildr just gives her little sister a disappointed yet amused look, "Plus, it is my way of introducing myself to others! By causing problems!"

Leonidas lets out a low snort, "You call that 'creating problems'?" He questions with crossed arms, "You poor child. That is just a mild, harmless prank."

A pout crosses Gretel's lips smeared bits and pieces of food she devoured like a beast, "Oh yeah? Then show me how you do it!"

Aurelia instantly feels her stomach drops, "Leo-" Too late. The robed man already stood up and started walking away.

She watches as he walks by a table and swiftly snatches a large mug of mead off the hands of a large, bald Companion. The man that was about to down his drink with a grin on his face instantly leaps to his feet with a "Hey!" shout.

But Leonidas takes a few more steps… Then proceeds to smash the mug of mead apart on another companion's head, spilling splinters of wood and strong smelling mead all over the other large man just as the bald one caught up with Leonidas, only to pause at what the Undead did.

"Dude, what the fuck was that for?" Leonidas instantly asks as he wheels around to stare at the bald Companion, while the man whose head just got clobbered with a mug of mead stands with a glowering frown on his head.

"Wha- I did nothin-" The bald man's question is cut off by a punch to the jaw that sends him on his ass, courtesy of the other Companion drenched in mead.

Leonidas reaches out to pat the mead-drenched man on the muscular arm, "He suggested it to the guy." Leonidas accuses, pointing to the bald Companion's friend, who had just caught up with them.

Said new arrival barely has the time to blink before a fist connects with his face.

Standing up with a snarl on his face, the bald Companion proceeds to tackle the mead-drenched man, and the two smash right on top of a table.

The occupants of said table do not take kindly to that, so fists and kicks start flying around.

Another mug of mead mysteriously smashes against the head of another Companion inside the brawl, and the man turns around and instantly blames ones of his confused friends for the action, and proceeds to punch him into yet another table.

With a whistle, Leonidas strolls back to Hildr's table while Aurelia gapes in utter horror at the sheer chaos he unleashed within just a minute.

"Now that's how you create a problem." Gretel's eyes are sparkling so brightly that she could put the Sun to shame.

"Stop corrupting my little sister, you monster." Hildr growls out despite her own amusement threatening to make a chuckle bubble out of her.

"How am I corrupting her?" Leonidas question in pure confusion, utter chaos going downright behind him, "I am simply building upon something that is already there."

That's even worse! Don't fuel her bad habits!

"How do you deal with this guy?" Aela whispers towards Aurelia.

The Dragonborn lets out a low whine. "I don't. I just try to survive."

The huntress hisses out of pure pity, while keeping a hand on Farkas shoulder so to stop him from joining the brawl. The massive muscular man looked like a scolded child whose mother won't let him out to play.

"Oh right." Farkas suddenly perks up, "How did the talks with the Jarl go, my friend?"

Leonidas tilts his head at the question, "Quite well. We have a battle plan down already, which we might put into action tonight." Aurelia's eyes widen at that, "We won't be sitting ducks for that piece of shit, that's for sure."

Aela grins at that, baring her teeth with glee, "That's good. I hate being on the defensive." She growls out, clearly eager to enter the battlefield, "What's the plan?"

A chuckle from Leonidas fills Aurelia with dread. Not for herself, but for the Dragon Priest.

"We're gonna introduce that son of a smelly skeever to a new thing called 'The Blitzkrieg'!"

Huh… She liked the sound of that.


xxxXXXxxx​


With a snapping sound, a torch lights up the darkness of the tunnel.

Balgruuf's bearded face comes into view, lit up by the swirling flames of the torch held within his hand, highlighting the bulky plate armor covering his broad form.

"Companions-" His words halt, and he straightens his shoulders, "No, not Companions. Tonight, you all are my brothers and sisters." A cheer greets his proclamation, bringing a smile to his bearded face.

"As you all are aware, a powerful Undead Necromancer has waged war against our peaceful Whiterun. It's sudden attack led to the deaths of many of our brave brothers-in-arms." His free hand comes up to clench into a fist before his chest, right above his heart. "I know that they are having fun in Sovngarde right now, feasting on fine mead with our mighty Ancestors…"

"But that does not quell the fury or sadness that filth has forced us to experience all of a sudden."

As one, more than a hundred Companions clench their fists by their sides, the sound of knuckles popping and teeth grinding ringing out loudly within the small and quiet hidden tunnel.

All Nords and Companions welcome death with open arms, a smile on their face, and blood on their weapons.

They find that to be the only and proper way to enter Sovngarde and greet their Ancestors and the grand warriors of the past.

But, sometimes one also wants to pick where they die. Many of them have dreamed of their final resting place. A hill after fighting a Giant to death bare-handed, or a farm, protecting their family and children from bandits.

They all have their final resting place in mind, and they all respect it.

So, for a sudden attack from a damnable Undead Necromancer to cause some of their brothers to not die the way they wanted angers them, filling their chest with the flames of fury that will only be quelled when their bloodied forms stand over the corpse of the Necromancer.

"Tonight, more of us will fall." Balgruuf announces, "So let us make sure to bring down as many Undead bastards as you can!"

A roar comes from the back of the group as soon as Balgruuf finishes speaking, "If you haven't killed at least ten Draugrs before you die then you're a fuckin' Milk-Drinker!"

Roaring laughter erupts from the shout, with Balgruuf himself joining, "Well, you heard the man! The more you kill, the bigger the mug of finest mead waiting for you in Sovngarde will be!"

That riles the Companions up even more. Mead always motivates a proper Nord.

If possible, they'd fight a Divine while naked just for a bottle of cool mead.

"Our plan is simple, my brothers." Balgruuf announces, his voice loud and cutting through the cheer, "A good friend suggested this plan. Once the wall behind me rises, we charge across the valley and towards Shearpoint without stopping."

"Anything tries to stop us? We mow through it mercilessly. We'll make that damn skeever-fucker of an Undead panic and call out his whole army and his Dragons…"

"And at that point, an opening for the Dragonborn to go and slay the bastard will be opened. So…"

With a massive grin, Balgruuf raises his torch high above his head and calls out, "Who wants to enter Sovngarde while fighting a Divine-damned Dragon?!"

The ensuing cheer shook the very tunnel they were in, vicious and feral grins covering the faces of the men and women within the barely lit darkness of it.

Slamming his fist against a button on the wall, Balgruuf cheers loudly, "For our fallen brothers!"

The secret wall of stone behind Balgruuf starts rising, revealing the outside plains of Whiterun. A hidden passage meant for civilians during a war.

"For our fallen brothers!" The Companions cheer as one, weapons and shields in hand.

Turning around with a feral grin, Balgruuf cheers once more, "With me! To Sovngarde!"

"To Sovngarde!"

With a roaring cheer that could be heard all the way to Dragonsreach, dozens if not hundreds of Companions rush out of the secret tunnel and into the plains, straight towards the distant Shearpoint peak.

The clouds above rumble, lances of lighting crashing down all around them like bombardment from catapults.

"Spread out, brothers!" Balgruuf calls out, and soon her had five dozen Companions standing shoulder to shoulder with him, left and right.

More followed behind, forming four long lines of fearless soldiers charging through the valley.

The only sound beside their cheers are the stomping of their feet, the rumbling of the clouds above, and their own breaths…

Until a blinding light blooms to life above Shearpoint. Just as twisted and evil as it had been the night before.

A dome washes forth, and Balgruuf smirks when thousands of skeletal Undead either appear out of nothing, or even crawl out of the ground before them.

Yet, he knew that this wasn't the real army. This was a scare tactic.

So he lifts his shield wearing arm before his face, revealing the cylindrical object he was holding.

With his teeth, he twists the lever, then grips it tightly and pulls it.

Once released, the level shoots back into the cylinder, which blasts a bright red flare high into the sky.

The bright light causes a surge of many more lights to erupt from the walls of Whiterun before them.

"Incoming bombardment!" Balgruuf announces, yet their charge does not slow down.

With a whistling roar, fireballs and arcs of lightning arc across the sky like heralds of destruction, and full down upon the earth and within the ranks of Undead creatures with deafening bangs that shake the valley and raise massive clouds of dust and dirt.

Reeling from the explosions and shock-waves, the Undead skeletal beings stagger back… Then those closest to the clouds of dust are smashed apart by the roaring charge of Nords suddenly coming through.

Despite being so heavily outnumbered, they all charge fearlessly straight into the middle of the Undead skeletal army, felling more than a hundred by simply bashing them apart with their shields.

And seeing that they did not stop made the blinding light erupt with greater power.

The earth cracks, and nightmare inducing howls fill the night as Undead creatures of all kind appear out of thick mist, out of nothing, or from the earth itself.

Giant colossus of bones, Giant Draugrs, Undead and rotting animals- Thousands upon thousands of them rose at the same time, surrounding the small fearless army with a greater number disparity.

Yet, the nightmarish howls of these rising creatures were suddenly cut off by loud, blaring horns that cut through the dark night.

A falling lance of lighting lights up hundreds of charging horses having used the cover of the night to exit Whiterun from the main gates, then split in two groups.

Each flanking one side of the new, enormous and real Undead army.

"Hold!" Balgruuf shouts, shield raised high, grin on his lips, and feet planted into the ground.

His back and those of the other Companions arch, and he calls out for the group that followed after them through the secret tunnel, "Berserkers! Now!"

With loud bellows that could make lesser man piss themselves, dozens of feet smash down on the backs of the Companions and the Jarl.

And leaping through the air using the boost of their backs were dozens of bare chested man with painted faces and bodies, small axes in each of their hands, and absolute murder in their eyes.

They fall down within the Undead army like rats within a wheat field, cutting down dozens within seconds, and howling loud enough for their Ancestors in Sovngarde to hear them.

The twin charge of horse riders crashes into the sides of the Undead army, felling many more by simply running them through with the wonderful steeds of Whiterun.

Some dismount their horses and charge right into the fray, other remain on top of them to trample the smaller units and charge towards the bigger ones.

'Not yet.' Balgruuf breathes out, his blade cleaving through rotten flesh and blackened bones.

His eyes take in the smiling Companions at his side.

'Not yet.' And he engraves the faces of those that fall while still swinging.

'Not yet.' He takes down ten Undead for each fallen brother.

For each fallen Guard of Whiterun.

For each fallen horse.

'Not yet…' A bash of his shield, a swing of his blade, a kick, a headbutt-

Then roars from the sky.

As one, three mighty winged beast soar high into the sky from Shearpoint, their scaled forms and fearsome claws highlighted by the flashes of lighting above.

And at the sight of the three Dragons, Balgruuf laughs, "My brothers! Now!"

He howls, and his army and brothers listen.

Half of them jump to the right, and another half jump to the left, ignoring any Undead in their way.

Their action clear a path, and far behind them and from the tunnel they came from, a glittering star sparkles to life.

Then, like the edict of a God, a lone word rings out.


"Fus."​


A deafening blast. A surge of devastating power that breaches the sonic barrier and tear a trench through the earth and stone.

Through rotten flesh and bone.

A lone Spell split an army in half, clearing a path through it.

And charging through that opened path was a lone horse, and a lone woman clad in blackish-green scaled armor.

Her horse, a mighty steed, proudly neighs and charged through the trench carved by the previously launched Spell.

As she charges forth, Companions and soldiers roar and cheer for her while cutting down their enemies.

"Go, Dragon-" Balgruuf stops, then grins, "Go, Paladin of Arkay! Make your Lord proud!"

Her back straightens, and her right arm rises to draw out her long greatsword now glowing with a bright golden radiance.

She holds it before her with both hands, then stabs it skyward with a roar and surge of magic.

"Bless!"​

A golden wave of light washes forth, empowering the soldiers and Companions, making them able to scream even louder and kill even faster.

The golden radiance around the blade does not die down, instead it condenses and grows brighter and brighter.

"Dovahkiin!" One of the Dragons, the one in the lead, roars out and swoops down like an eagle reaching for it's next prey. "Come! Let us battle-"

A swing. A blinding light reaching for the clouds.

And a bisected Dragon crashes down upon the army below as the Dragonborn charges past, not even bothering to collect his Soul.

"Cheer louder, my brothers!" A soldier calls out at the top of his lungs, "Lord Arkay stands with us!"

"Hail Lord Arkay!"

And with that final roar, thousands of fearless and some even drunk Nord leap upon the Undead with fervor.

Somehow putting the fear of Death into the already fallen.


A.N. I feel like this is one of my best written chapters, and I love it.

And I even wanna make the next one better than this, or at least try.

So yeah, I hope you all enjoyed this as much as I did writing it! Am really loving writing this story!

Lots of hugs and love to all you fuckers that support me, y'all make writing in this heat so worth it.

And remember to go on my if ya wanna read FIVE CHAPTERS AHEAD!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Have a lovely rest of the day!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta, Shepard45 and 2,004 others
Musashi-Chan
Sep 1, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 19
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,365
The bisected carcass of the Dragon crashes down upon the Undead army with the force and speed of a meteorite, sending waves of earth and dust in all directions.

As one, the other two Dragons steered clear of the charging Dragonborn, seemingly cowed under the overwhelming strength contained within that effortless slash delivered by Aurelia.

Her incredible strength and kill of a Dragon in a single blow raised the morale of the army to even higher levels, despite the fact that the two remaining Dragons now joined the fray.

The Berserkers howled like madmen as they pounced upon the skeletal giants, bringing them down through sheer numbers and striking at their joins with their axes.

The cavalry charged straight through the hordes of skeletons, ignoring using their shields to block the chilling and electrical Spells hurled their so that they could use their spears to skewer more skeletons.

Some Spells struck the horses, and the skeletons piled upon the fallen soldiers, who screamed and went down fighting even when pinned to the ground.

Many more were instead struck down by the skeletal warriors or giants, yet none went down with fear, but welcomed death with open arms and blades chipped by striking and severing bones.

An ear-splitting whistle cuts through the air, a blinding star howling through the night and striking one of the Dragons straight in the wing, blowing it apart and making the mighty beast crash down with a roar of pain.

Cheering, soldiers and Companions pounced on the fallen dark red beast to skewer it with their blades, yet the beast staggers back to its feet and opens its jaws to release a massive gout of flames that swallows more than a dozen charging man.

The flames stick to their skin and set them alight like they were dry leaves, and some threw themselves to the ground and started rolling in hopes of putting out the flames.

But that's when an enormous dome of emerald light unravels forth all across the battlefield, unleashing potent and radiant light that turns night into day.

Those set alight instantly find their charred skin go back to normal, the flames losing their effect quickly and unable to leave lasting injuries.

Meanwhile, the Undead howled in utter pain as their forms were set alight with blinding platinum-gold flames.

Some crumbled instantly, others persisted, yet the now empowered and even more fearless of injuries soldiers charged straight through them with greater fervor.

On the other side of the battlefield, the other Dragon starts diving downward while tucking its head and tail in. Curled up in a ball, the metallic spikes and serrated scales along its form protrude out even further, gleaming with a sharp light.

The beast crashes down like a saw-blade, spinning around and mowing through Undead and soldiers alike without mercy, sending blood, organs and ripped apart limbs flying in all directions.

Unraveling itself, the beast covered in metallic scales grins maliciously and smashes a claw down towards the remaining soldiers it had cornered.

That's when bright flames engulfed the Dragon's vision as something crashes into the ground right and rolls right beneath its falling claw, stopping it from turning the scattered soldiers into pancakes.

An enormous beast made out of flames growls as the large metallic claw smashes down on its back, yet it barely budges and merely opens its jaws to roar at the soldiers, white-hot claws digging through the earth before the horned werewolf-like beast made out of roaring flames pushes back, forcing the Dragon to stagger backward.

An elbow wrapped in flames smashes into the Dragon's jaws, forcing it further back, then claws made out of concentrated flames leave scorching gashes along the Dragon's neck.

With a roar of fury, the prideful Dragon wreathed in metallic scales and metal spreads his wings wide, looking down at the tall and bright horned werewolf beast snarling right back at it with defiance and glee.

Yet, before the Dragon could even speak, a massive muscular arm covered in thick black fur rams straight into its head with enough force to send several teeth flying, and slamming the mighty beast down onto its side.

With a snort through his nostrils, the giant Marius slams the butt of his enormous war-ax into the ground right beside the snarling flaming werewolf familiar of Hildr.

The Minotaur turns to regard the familiar, then nods with pride, "A fine beast worthy of serving our Lord." He compliments, receiving a snort of embers from the intelligent Familiar.

Another turn of his head has Marius regard the soldiers behind him, who stare at his imposing form with wariness and awe, "I stand with Sir Leonidas! We are here to assist you!" The wariness instantly melts away, and weapons come back up as the soldiers and Companions collect themselves.

"You all stand with us?" Glances are shared, then feral smiles are given. Marius grins with glee at seeing the battle-lust within these humans eyes. "Then let us bring down this beast together!"

His massive hand hefts up his weapon as the Dragon straightens itself with a vicious growl, one that both Marius and the Familiar return in kind, "Your tail will be a fine offering to my Lord, Dragon."

A derisive snort comes from the metallic beast before them, "Your flesh will be a fine replacement for the Dovahkiin's."

The other Dragon that was shot out of the sky across the battlefield was faring much better, but also far worse.

His opponents were wild Nords screaming at the top of their lungs and digging their weapons within his scales and flesh without care about their safety or life.

With the help of the dome of emerald light engulfing both armies, and with the potent healing effect it kept releasing, the soldiers and Companion just discarded any notion of defense and focused only on making the beast before them bleed more and more.

They just walked off being set on fire or tossed dozens of meters in the air like a group of madmen only wanting to cover their weapons in Dragon blood.

One Dragon was facing a Minotaur and a giant flaming werewolf, and another Dragon was surrounded by howling insane Nords looking at it like a pincushion.

Or a door worthy enough to send them to Sovngarde.

After all, if only one of them died and told their Ancestors that they fell in battle against a mighty Dragon, those Ancestors might not believe that poor dude.

But if dozens of them go to Sovngarde at the same time and recount of being on the same battlefield, then that's different.

"Stab that cunts eyes out!" A soldier hollered, latched onto the sword he had sank down to the handle into the spine of the Dragon, "Actually, do it like the Mage! Fuck his ass up!"

The Dragon actively jolts when someone indeed does stab their swords straight in that spot, prompting the beast to send them flying across the battlefield with a swing of their tail.

Said soldier that got flung just picked themselves back up and started swinging his fists at the surrounding skeletons without wasting a second, having left behind his sword in the Dragon's behind.

And behind the army and right atop the walls of Whiterun, among the Mages waiting for chances to release more Spells, stood Hildr, her lone eye following her feral Familiar battling the metallic Dragon with the Minotaur her Lord gifted to Leonidas.

And speaking of said man… Slowly, her lone eye flicks to the back of the army, and towards a lonely figure standing in the darkness lit by the emerald radiance of the dome he conjured with a wave of his staff.

Seeing him just stand there, without moving or doing anything else after the help he gave made her eye narrow in slight worry.

She did meet the man and Aurelia recently, and at first she thought them as simple people that wanted to get on the good side of a Daedric Prince by answering Lord Hircine's request… But then she saw the way they interacted with her little sister, and her mind changed.

She can trust them without fear. Perhaps that is also why Leonidas does not care that she knows of him being an Undead, as he maybe sees it as leverage that she could use against him just in case.

Or he is just crazy enough to not care. She really can't read that man.

Slowly, Hildr allows herself a low sigh through her nostrils. A part of her wanted to go down there and see if he was okay, but another part of her knows that he'd be mad.

He wanted her to stay inside Whiterun, within the safety of the walls, so to not risk anything. Her control over her Familiar now stretched to a great distance, so she could stand upon the walls and direct it from afar without much problems other than a greater consumption of Magicka, but nothing some Magicka Potions couldn't solve.

Her form leans forward and over the walls, her gaze flicking between her battling and roaring Familiar and the Undead who had quickly become a role model for her little sister.

"Come on, you crazy fucker… Do something…" She whispers under her breath, gloved hands slowly clenching into fists.

And then she sees it. So faint she could have missed it had she not been watching him intently.

Leonidas's form started glowing beneath his robes.


xxxXXXxxx​


I am beyond furious and disgusted.


[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

...​


One after the other, the notification just flashed by my head constantly.

I know that I am not devouring Souls as a whole and just their energy, but this still leaves me disgusted and fills me with hate.

And the fact that this is the only way for me to grow stronger is just… vexatious.

What is more vexatious is the fact that this plan was suggested by Aurelia herself.

"If we want to face the future Dragon Priests and the Dragons Alduin will bring back, then we both need to grow stronger… So use this battle to do so yourself, please. I know you will hate it, but-"

My hands clench into fists at my sides, the grip over my staff growing hard enough to make the wood of it creak under the pressure.

I really fucking hate this.

I'd have preferred if all those that are falling right now were bandits or other scum of the earth, but no… Those falling right now are wonderful, respectable warriors fighting for their city.

Even the Jarl is out there, swinging his word, and bleeding for his people.

I am sorry that I am abusing all of your hard work just to gain some meager strength.

That dumb, lovely woman… She even went ahead and left three Dragon Souls for me, knowing that I can absorb those too.

Any strength she could have gained from them would have helped her against Krosis, yet she still left them to me.


[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

[A Soul has been absorbed!]

….​


That's more than enough, I guess. I have enough to Evolve once more.

Though, from my previous experience, this Evolution shouldn't be an enormous boost in strength, but still-


[50 Souls have been used for Race Advancement!]

[The next Evolution has already been decided!]​


Excuse you?


[Holy Beastmaster]

The blessing of the 'Father of Manbeasts' lays on you. The beasts of Oblivion and of the Hunting Grounds will eagerly come to your aid and feast upon your foes without fear.​


Hircine, you big fucking softie. But I can't blame him, Gretel do be a sweetheart.

Still, this is… Very good, I'll admit it. My Conjuration Spell did lack usefulness outside of the Thermonuclear Wolves.


[Conjure Beasts]

Proud Beasts of nature, seasoned warriors of many hunts and battles among their kind. Reach into Oblivion and the Hunting Grounds to Conjure them to your side and let them feast on your foes.

(Current available Beasts; Flaming Familiar, Dire Wolf, Hunting Bear, Scout Crow)

Modification/s: Minion Up! x2

(2/5)​


Yeah, this is already so much better than the previous Spell. The crows will be very useful, and I didn't lose my lovely kamikaze wolves somehow!

Hircine really do be a homie.

Now I need a hundred Souls for the next big Evolution. It's gonna be a pain to gather them, but I'd rather power up my Spells a bit more before I make that jump.

Something that will be easy, seeing how Souls are still rolling in right now.

Shaking that nasty feeling aside, I grip my Staff and rush forward. The battle is swiftly coming to an end, as my Sanctuary basically put a timer on the skeletal army.

They kept growing weaker by the second, and the Berserker spread around mowed through the weakened army while they themselves were buffed up with even greater speed.

Right now, the big threats are the Dragon, but they are currently being handled and swiftly torn down. The one whose wing I shot off is already at its limit, overwhelmed by sheer numbers and madness of the Nords and Companions gutting him all over.

The other was a bigger challenge, as even Marius and Hildr's far more powerful Familiar struggled slightly against it.

Aside from that-


[A Dragon Soul has been absorbed!]​


I already know how I am going to use all three Dragon Souls.

I suspected I could always do this since I gained the first one, but it's time for me to confirm this theory of mine, and upgrade something that has been with me since the beginning.


['The Cold Touch of Death' Has evolved through the usage of a Dragon Soul!]

[Stygian Presence]

When unleashing your Magic, the very air in your surrounding becomes freezing cold. No amount of heat will grant a shield against your Frost, and even the Undead shall not be spared from its ruthless bite.​


Huh… So basically my Frost Magic now ignores any sort of Frost Resistance. Alright.

This is so fucking busted. Dragon Soul upgrades are insane…

I guess it's time I put it to good use then-


[A Dragon Soul has been absorbed!]​


Excuse me!?

I turn my head towards the Dragon fighting against the soldiers on the right, and notice the roaring soldiers and Companion standing on its downed form.

Filled to the brim with sword and spears all over, disemboweled, and with… a lot of weapons sticking out of its ass.

"I fucking told you that attacking the asshole like the Mage did was the best choice!"

…

I am so glad Aurelia isn't around right now…

Anyway, another Dragon Soul! Yay… Don't laugh. Don't laugh. Don't laugh.

Time to upgrade another partner that has been with me since the beginning.

Arcane Cannon, here I come!


['Arcane Cannon' has evolved through the use of a Dragon Soul!]

[Draconian Howl]

The scales of Dragons are known to resist magic, while their claws are known to rend it apart. No shield conjured through Magic stands a chance before their claws. So, in turn, no Magical Shield shall stop this Spell.

Naturally woven into the Spell is the Word 'Fus', granting it indomitable might.

Modification; Penetration! x2

(2/10)​


Guess the Penetration modifications are kinda useless right now- But who gives a shit! This is fucking glorious!

I turned a Spell for kids into an unholy killing machine! Hah!

I am snapped out of my elation when a blast, followed by a nightmarish howl, shakes the whole valley.

A metallic Dragon rolls across the destroyed earth, yet before it could straighten itself, Hildr's flaming familiar charges forward on all four, leaving behind scorched ground and stones rent apart by its claws.

The flaming beast tackles the Dragon, lifting it up and smashing its back down on the ground without stopping its charge, carving a trench through the valley with the Dragon's body as the tool.

A growl and flick of the long and sharp tail sends Hildr's familiar flying to the side, but Marius comes crashing down with a roar of his own, sinking his massive war-ax deep into the Dragon's vulnerable belly.

The Dragon howls, sharp and serrated teeth gleaming in the night as its long neck tilts down to bite at Marius.

The massive Minotaur does not shy away from the attack, and instead he eagerly slams his whole right arm straight down the Dragon's throat. "Choke on it, beast!" Pfft- Holy shit!

My laughter was short-lived as Marius, with a devastating roar, clutches the Dragon's throat and sharp spines with his free hand… Then lifts the fucking Dragon high up in the air.

Then his body tilts back, and he comes crashing down with a move straight out of W.W.E., sending a tower of dust and earth high in the air as the giant Dragon slams into the ground with the power of a meteor.

His right arm now gone, Marius pounces towards his discarded bloodied war-ax while the Dragon flips back around, stunned yet not out of the fight.

That is, until Hildr's roaring Familiar rams into its side, white-hot claws digging through scales and flesh and rending long and deep gashes right below the left wing.

The pain makes the Dragon cry out and stumble, head hanging low, low enough for- Is that Farkas?!

With a shout, the massive man instantly seizes the chance and rams his whole greatsword deep into the Dragon's right eye. "Now, Minotaur!" Farkas cries out as he leaps back, dodging the wild swipe of dangerously sharp claws.

Hildr's flaming Familiar wraps both of its massive arms around the Dragon's head and tilts it upward despite the beast's continued trashing.

Trashing that die down the moment a war-ax is launched across the air with an ear-splitting whistle and rams deep into the Dragon's neck, nearly taking its whole head off.

Fucking hell, those two make an amazing team…

Defeated, the Dragon stops trashing and lays down on the ground, panting heavily and bleeding from the countless deep wounds all over his form.

Panting himself, Marius approaches the downed beast with respect within his eyes, "It was a wonderful fight, Dragon."

I can't help but be shocked when the Dragon chuckles, and agrees, "Indeed it was, warrior of Hircine." Tilting his head up, the Dragon gazes defiantly at his opponent, "Seize your spoils of battle, and enjoy them."

With a nod, Minos grasps the shaft of his war-ax and wrenches it out, severing the Dragon's head with it.

The roars that soon follow from everyone present shake the whole valley, making me chuckle softly. They are all going to get so drunk once they get back…


[A Dragon Soul has been absorbed!]​


And the last Dragon Soul is here too.

I set that aside and approach the panting Minotaur while the soldiers finish off the remaining weakened Undead without trouble, "That was an amazing fight, Marius." The Minotaur straightens himself at my presence, "You going to be alright, though?"

He glances to his arm, then nods. "I simply need to return back to the Hunting Groudns, and I shall heal. It is not a problem." I nod, relieved, but also very impressed.

"Not the way you envisioned to be summoned for the first time, huh?" We share a chuckle as he effortlessly rests his war-ax on his shoulder.

"This makes me excited for the future battles to come, Sir!" Considering the luck me and Aurelia have, I have no problems in believing that quite a few of them will be just like this. Or worse.

"If I may…" I hum and look at Marius, who now seems a bit bashful, "Could I retrieve the Dragon's tail? I wish to grant it to Lord Hircine as an offering." I pause, then look at the Dragon.

Eh, I see no problem with that. I shrug, "Go ahead." I then jab my thumb behind me, "You can grab the tails of the other two as well, if you want. Snack on them yourself."

And now he is drooling… I'm sure he is going to gloat about this when he goes back to the Hunting Grounds.

"Leonidas!" I perk up and turn my head when the armored Balgruuf approaches me, dragging a large horse with him, "A horse, for you."

The man was covered in sweat and blood, and was clearly insanely tired… But he was alive, and smiling brightly beneath his beard.

"I'll leave this area to you." He nods, and I swiftly move to mount the horse and follow after Aurelia.

After all of this, I now have twenty-three spare normal Souls. It still makes me disgusted, but… I can bear with it.

Now, to even the playing field against Krosis…


['Destruction Path – Frost Magic' has Evolved through the usage of a Dragon Soul!]

[Destruction Path – Architect of Frost]

Any Mage with a bit of power and practice under their sleeve can unleash roaring blizzards and waves of glacial winds.

But only the best of the best can weave their Frost Magic to sculpt things from their own imagination.

The world is your canvas, your Magic the paint.​


You know, I gotta give my thanks to Krosis for causing this bullshit.

So, I gotta think of my most vile, horrifying insult to throw at him- Actually…

He shall have the honor of receiving the Young Master treatment.


xxxXXXxxx​


Her legs ran through the thick and tall snow without problem.

Her body felt cold, yet she could easily stand it despite her being more used to warm weathers.

The warm and comforting energies of Restoration Magic coursed through her body and wrapped around her body, thrumming with power through her overcharged Bless Spell.

The peak of Shearpoint came into view, and a push of her legs allowed her to leap the last bit of distance in less than a second.

The snow was thicker, yet the peak of the mountain was flat.

Right in the middle of the snow-filled peak lay a tall crescent-moon shaped wall that was vaguely familiar to Aurelia.

Before it lay a grand sarcophagus erected above several stair steps, with the lid having been clearly snapped and shattered open, the pieces now buried in stone.

And the occupant of the sarcophagus?

Aurelia's grip over her sword tightens and trembles as she feels the utterly revolting aura of death, decay and Necromancy wafting off the floating robed figure on the other side of the clearing, gazing down towards the valley where the battle between the two armies was taking place.

The cold winds ruffle the decayed and dusty robes of the floating undead, revealing the scaled and aged armor underneath, and the dark gold staff held in his left hand.

A golden staff with a glowing purple gem at the tip. A gem that just felt wrong to Aurelia's senses.

She had once heard of Soul Gems, from her mother and fellow Paladins she ran into during her journey.

Vile creations that trap the energy of Souls within them, and the way some Necromancers filled these gems with energies was to commit mass sacrificial rituals.

They either hanged and disemboweled poor innocent civilians, or worse… They harvested their bodies for parts, so to graft an Undead Abomination, raised and powered through the use of the Soul Gem.

A vile Undead Creature that grows in power the more it kills.

Aurelia shudders at the thought of how powerful an Undead Abomination would be if powered by the Soul Gem currently in Krosis's possession.

A tilt of the head from the floating Dragon Priest shows that he is aware of her presence, revealing parts of the glowing ice-blue mask latched on his face.

The Dragon Priest says nothing, simply floating there as Aurelia straightens herself and breathes in.

I don't have time to waste. Her eyes sharpen, her lips part- "YOL-TOOR!" The air before her warps, and a tidal wave of white-hot flames washes forth, melting all the snow above Shearpoint's peak and filling the air with thick steam.

The Dragon Priest whirls around, free hand raised high and conjuring a gargantuan triple-layered Ward to stop the advancing flames.

The first layer is instantly melted through, while the second layer gives way soon after. The third instead holds fast and strong- Until a blade wreathed in radiant Holy Light cleaves right through it.

Seemingly unbothered, Krosis raises his golden staff and easily blocks the blade aiming for his head despite the force behind the blow displacing the air around it.

Aurelia grits her teeth beneath her scaled helmet, then her eyes widen when she her eyes take note of the faint shimmer of black light wrapped around Krosis.

She had heard stories of an ancient Alteration Spell granting the body immeasurable toughness and strength called Ebony Flesh, named after the metal born from the dried blood of the very Gods.

Of course a Dragon Priest from the Merethic Era would know such ancient spell thought to be just a legend…

"Dovahkiin…" Krosis finally speaks, masked and robed head tilting minutely to the side, "How pitifully weak…" Aurelia narrows her eyes at the way the Dragon Priest was capable of speaking her language- No, it was slightly different.

It seems not many changes happened to the most used language on Tamriel since the Merethic Era.

"If you were stronger, your corpse would've been a fine puppet…" Krosis calmly remarks as if he was discussing the weather. "It matters little. You shall still hold some use."

Through teeth gritted with pure fury, Aurelia snarls and opens her mouth to unleash another Shout right in the bastard's face… Yet her voice does not come out.

"Surprised?" Krosis chuckles, and Aurelia gasps when the butt of his staff suddenly slams against her belly.

The world blurs around her, and her back and head painfully slam through the large sarcophagus then straight into the large crescent-moon shaped wall.

A harsh cough leaves her lips, yet her voice refuses to come out the more she tries to speak. Balefully, her gaze snaps up towards the floating Undead growing closer, staring down at her like a King stares down at a peasant.

"The Thu'um is a dangerous weapon, even in your hands." The floating Mage waves his hand, "And a simple Curse is all it takes to take that threat away."

A Curse… Aurelia chides herself for not having any Curse Breaking Spells in her repertoire. Or at least, one that could shatter this high-level one that she didn't even notice being cast.

Krosis instantly proved to be a dangerously powerful opponent, forcing her to turn towards her second plan… To stall for time.

Her hand clenches around the handle of her radiant blade before she swings it skyward, crudely pumping her Magicka through it to hurl a massive arc of platinum-gold Holy Light at the floating Undead.

Picking herself up, she swings the blade downward soon after, launching a follow-up attack to assist the second one.

Krosis flicks his wrist, conjuring another gargantuan triple-layered Ward that blocks the first one, giving him time to simply float to the side and dodge the second one that shatters the conjured Ward.

His gaze returns to the World Wall, but his form comes to a pause when he doesn't notice the Dragonborn there.

The sound of hard stone shattering rings out right behind him, making the Dragon Priest whirl around with raised staff- Only for a blinding flash to force a grunt out of the Undead as his sight is filled with white.

Still, Krosis does not panic and swiftly casts the 'Detect Life' Spell, allowing him to see the Dragonborn's outline even through his blinded Undead eyes.

His staff blocks the swing of the blade aimed towards his head once more, but the immense strength behind sends him staggering back through the air, much to his surprise.

Not wishing to let his current momentary blindness give the Dragonborn a lucky shot, Krosis swiftly slams the butt of his staff on the ground below.

A roar of glacial winds rumbles forth as a storm of cold winds spreads out all around the peak with him at the epicenter… Yet why could he see that it did not slow the Dragonborn down?

He could see her, but her blade is not a living thing… And the woman caught on how he was able to see her, so now she held both hands stretched out towards her sides, as if she was wielding two weapons.

"Wretched woman!" He growls out, a squeeze of his fist conjuring dozens of sharp icicles all around him, which he swiftly sent raining down towards the lunging Dragonborn.

Yet, she ignores the incoming attack and swings her left arm, forcing Krosis to swiftly conjure another massive Ward, though in his hurry the Ward he conjured wasn't a triple-layered one.

He waits for a collision, yet his Ward dispels uselessly even as he sees her outline swing the same arm as before.

A sneer rings out from below his mask- A sneer cut short by his very Soul screaming in pain as his form is bathed in the purifying radiance of Holy Light.

His howl of pain turns into one of pure fury as his Magic roars forth, his sight slowly returning back just in time to see the form of the Dragonborn be launched back as spires of ice pierce skyward, ruthlessly bursting out of the ground and chasing after her, swallowing the whole peak of the mountain in second.

Turning towards the retreating woman with a sharp intake of air, Krosis relishes in the fear visible through her stiffening form.

He could not afford to let the woman get close and unleash her Magic. She was the bane of his existence. Prolonged exposure to Holy Light will permanently cripple his reserves.

He wasted enough time, and enough energies from the Soul Gem. The Dragons turned out to be useless, so he'll have to do all of the hard work as usual and slaughter the city below for his uses before finding the resting place of his fellow Dragon Priests.

Still, he takes a few seconds to further drink in the fear of the damnable woman that managed to get a lucky shot in before finally speaking.


"FO-KRAH-DIIN!"​


If the Spell he unleashed beforehand was a blizzard, then what he conjured now could only be described as a hurricane.

The very clouds above shifted, the sharp biting winds of the mountain-peak all turning into the same direction and growing a hundred-fold in pure strength.

His previously conjured spires of ice shattered and collapsed beneath the howling storm of frost, his arms spread wide like a God beholding the devastation caused by his power.

And he watched with glee as the woman uselessly poured all of her Magicka into a Ward that will surely fail her-

A glittering star in the forest beneath-

An ear-splitting boom followed by a Dragon's roar-

Krosis doesn't know why he does it, but he still swiftly erects the greatest Ward he ever did-

Only for it to collapse like it was wet paper-

His form staggers back. His Shout was blasted apart. The mountain top now has an enormous trench carved into it, starting all the way down from the forest below.

Slowly, Krosis looks towards his free arm and takes in the very lack of his right shoulder and said arm.

Then, he turns… And stares at the hole punched through the clouds above from the… Was it a Spell? What could even be capable of achieving such speeds…?

His head turns towards the path leading up to his resting place, the equally surprised Dragonborn standing at the very side of the trench carved through the mountain-side.

And quietly walking towards them and using the trench as a path, was a robed figure that gave Krosis a familiar feeling.

Arms crossed behind his back, a staff in hand, and a straight posture.

The newcomer walked slow and tall, proud and aloof.

His form slowly steps past the Dragonborn so to reach the peak, and his head rises to meet Krosis's gaze.

Then, finally, the newcomer speaks, "This Young Master showed mercy on you and missed on purpose." The man haughtily proclaims, stunning Krosis, "Why are you not kowtowing in thanks towards this Young Master yet? Have I given you too much face?"

Slowly, Krosis floats down so to be just a few inches above the ground of the destroyed peak, his head tilted to the side, "Who are you...?" This man felt familiar to Krosis's senses, yet he couldn't guess the why.

A sneer comes from the Mage, "You are not qualified to know this Young Master's name." Krosis's grip over his staff tightens, "Still not kowtowing? Gaining this Young Master's favor is a blessing of ten generations."

A silent cast of the Detect Life Spell tells Krosis why the Mage before him felt familiar. An Undead, it seems.

A powerful one at that.

The grip on his staff relaxes, and he raises it- "Think thrice before you act." Krosis freezes once more at the cold warning from the Mage before him. "Attacking this Young Master will only lead to regret, then death."

Was this bastard mocking him? For just landing a lucky blow that took his arm?

A part of Krosis really considered thinking thrice before acting, as he feared that far too fast Spell being unleashed once more. At this distance, he doesn't stand much of a chance in dodging or blocking it.

But such a powerful Spell cannot be cast over and over again… Right?

With those thoughts in mind, Krosis sneers and lifts his staff once more, causing the Mage to sigh and shake his head.

"There is a path to Heaven you chose not to walk. There isn't a Gate to Hell, and yet you've cast yourself upon it!"

"A mere frog at the bottom of a well!"

"If I called myself the second greatest beneath the Heavens, then no one would dare to call themselves the first!"

"Had you crossed the Heavens, you might've had a way out! But you have crossed me, so there is no way out!"

Krosis snaps, "Enough useless blabbering-!

"Aight bet."

Huh?

Krosis watches in stunned silence as a dozen glimmering stars sparkle to life all around the Mage.

...So he can use that Spell in quick succession, huh?

Perhaps he should have truly thought thrice about it.

"Am gonna beat your ass so hard it'll give you flashbacks of your ugly mama catching hands from your drunk daddy!"

"I'm going to fucking kill you-!"


A.N. Leonidas makin' Krosis tweak within the first five minutes of meeting each other, as is natural.

I don't think anyone is surprised by that.

Hope y'all enjoyed this chappy. Next one shall be the end of the battle, and then something surprising happens. No, not Sheoggorath meeting Leonidas. Not yet.
And if you want to support me and read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then consider hopping on over to my Patreon!

p at re on. com / SamuraiCheem

Have a good rest of the day/night!

Toodles!​
Last edited: Sep 24, 2024
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta, Daniil and 1,922 others
Musashi-Chan
Sep 24, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 20
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Oct 11, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,486
What was she witnessing right now?

"You ain't shit!"

Awooo- Boom!

"Yo' ugly ass mama ain't shit!"

Awooo- Boom!

"Yo' daddy ain't shit!"

Awooo- Boom!

"Yo' Dragon ain't shit!"

Awooo- Boom!

"Yo' drip ain't shit!"

Awooo- Boom!

"When a skeever looks at you, that bitch gon' think; 'Man, I'm more handsome than this motherfucker!'"

Awooo- Boom!

This was abuse. Pure and quite literal abuse.

Leonidas was just throwing slurs and insults at the Dragon Priest, who is constantly forced on the defensive as Leonidas just… Conjures his explosive wolves, grabs them by the legs, then swings them like weapons at the Dragon Priests.

And makes them blow up at point blank.

Never before had she seen such an horrendous yet terrifying fighting style.

Nor heard so many vile insults be spewed one after the other in quick succession… But she shouldn't be surprised, as this is Leonidas after all.

Case in point-

"You damnable mongrel!

He had the composed Dragon Priest go crazy within the first minute.

Slap!

"Who the fuck you think you talkin' to?!" Aurelia gapes as Leonidas outright slaps the shit out of Krosis, "Should've learned from yo' mama! This what happens when ya talk back!"

Leonidas shouts before hopping to the side without care to dodge an enormous wave of rising ice spires. The way he just acted so unbothered and nonchalant despite the powerful opponent in front of him was both hilarious and… very attractive.

With a whistle, Leonidas gazes at the line of ice spires while rubbing his chin, "Having performance issues?" He asks, looking back at the trembling Dragon Priest, "You poor fucker… You got Erectile Dysfunction, huh?"

Aurelia wheezes, wanting to scream and cry and curse Leonidas for being so stupidly crude with his words-

"I am going to destroy you." The Dragon Priest growls out in a trembling voice filled to the brim with fury and hate.

Alas, Leonidas instantly fires back, "Bet you used to say that to the ladies." Aurelia starts punching the ground, her still silenced voice allowing her to scream freely, "Then they'd take one look at your crotch and burst out laughin'!"

Krosis twitches. The grip over his staff tightens to the point that the creak is very, very loud across the peak of the mountain.

"Why you shakin'? You mad?" Leonidas asks in a very honest confused voice, "Why you mad, then?" If the Dragon Priest still had a functioning body, Aurelia had no problems believing that he'd be suffering a seizure right now. "Have I offended you?"

Aurelia blinks when Leonidas turns towards her, "Have I said anything offensive towards him?" She gapes beneath her helmet, "I simply pointed out the things you must improve on! Which… Its your whole existence, but that's your problem to deal with."

Leonidas sighs and waves his staff, launching forward a massive wave of ice that collides against Krosis's own, the ungodly screech of pure madness coming out of the Dragon Priest now slightly muted from the two obstacles between them.

"I swear, people just can't take advice…" Her lovely yet insufferable friend sighs and approaches her, "Can you believe the guy? Resorting to violence when I am trying to help him out of the goodness of my kind and warm non-existent heart?"

Yes, and Sheoggorath is a very sane man.

Aurelia just stares flatly at Leonidas through her scaled helmet, but her stare does not faze the robed Undead, "Jokes aside… You alright?" Her hand comes up to point at her throat, then make a slitting gesture. "Can't talk? How… Doesn't matter. Can you fight?" She nods, having used the time Leonidas took to enrage Krosis to recover from the previous blow and her reserves.

Her sharp gaze locks on her friend through her helmet, a silent question in her eyes, one Leonidas swiftly gets, "Best way to win is to either wear him down… Or you hit him with all of your Holy Magic, at once." Yeah, the second plan sounded better. Problem is- "I could kill him if I bombard him, but I'd rather not risk damaging the Mask. It is very useful."

If Leonidas – the man who she now knows holds a massive library worth of knowledge within him – says that, then she can trust those words.

Picking herself up, Aurelia brandishes her sword and lets out a long breath of cold air as the ice that separates her and Leonidas from Krosis slowly shatters and collapses into fine, sparkling dust.

On the other side of the now destroyed wall of ice, was the floating masked Dragon Priest, the grip over his staff as tight as it could possibly be. "I have never met someone so… annoying, and infuriating. Never before did I want to kill someone so badly, and not raise them as a corpse afterward."

Leonidas, of course, perks up, "Why, thank you!" It's not a compliment, you dumbass! "He a nice guy, ain't he? Such a sweetie…" Aurelia gives her idiotic friend the flattest gaze ever.

Of course he can't take anything seriously.

"Yet, despite that… I am wary." The Dragon Priest next words stun Aurelia, "Something about you… It makes me nervous."

"So I shall not waste anymore time and give you no more lucky shots." Slowly, the Mask on the Dragon Priest's face lights up… The bright azure flames gush out of it in massive roaring waves, the very temperature dropping lower and lower as the flames cloak around Krosis and spread across the flat peak. "It seems I have slept for far too long, since even a worm can now make me use this."

The roaring azure flames gather behind Krosis, compressing together until it slowly takes the shape of a tall, slender humanoid female clad in black obsidian armor that contains the blinding glacial flames.

"Cold-Flame, huh?" Leonidas muses in interest, seemingly recognizing the azure flames before them. "Guess it's time to pull out the big guns then!"

Krosis sneers, the brilliant cold flames wrapping around him like a suit of armor, the feminine Atronach behind him floating around, twin fireballs conjured within her open palms. "I'll grant you the honor of listening to your final words." The Undead haughtily says, hovering above a conflagration of azure flames.

Leonidas hums and tilts his head, "A question then, if you will." The Dragon Priest remains silent, so her friend takes it as a cue to speak once more, "Who is Konahrik?"

Aurelia blinks in confusion at the name. 'Warlord', her faint knowledge of Dragon Language supplied.

Yet… Krosis falters, then outright freezes in what seems like outright horror.

Then, finally, her roars, "How do you know that name?!" His azure flames swell and roar with might, as if reacting to his rage and confusion.

Leonidas, of course, kindly answers his question with a very evil cackle, "That hoe of yo' mama told me!"

"You insolent wretch-" The Dragon Priest's furious words falter and sputter out.

Aurelia quivers, then shivers and starts shaking as her breathing becomes heavier.

Even with the azure flames dropping the temperatures of the already cold mountain down, she could still find the cold bearable, probably due to her increased strengths from absorbing Dragon Souls.

Yet… Now she felt like she had jumped into the depths of frozen ocean.

Her gaze turns towards Leonidas, dense frost covering his robes and staff and the ground beneath his feet. Snowflakes fell off his form, and a dense mist poured down around them like a thick curtain that made breathing way harder than it should be.

"Y-You…" Krosis trembling voice makes Aurelia's gaze snap towards him, and her already wide eyes widen even more as she witnesses something she never tough possible. "Just what the hell are you?"

An Undead… Was shivering from the cold.

"How can you make me fell cold!?"

The fearful and nervous roar from the Dragon Priest is met with a roaring cone of azure flames blasted from his staff and the floating Atronach behind him.

Leonidas merely swipes his staff across the air.

And the whole of Shearpoint quivers as a literal hurricane of glacial winds was hurled at Krosis, tearing stone and rocks apart and reducing them to frozen dust that scatters in the howling and screaming winds.

Aurelia doesn't waste a second in charging forward once the roaring and frozen winds die down, and her shoulder smashes straight through the frozen and cracked massive Ward with laughable ease.

Krosis hisses, wreathed in azure flames as if set alight, turns his head towards her while tilting his staff, conjuring roaring cold flames around the twisted purple gem at the top.

His Conjured Atronach does not stay still, both of her palms coming up to face her- Yet Aurelia slaps them out of the way and headbutts the Elemental, forcing it to stagger back while-

"The fuck you lookin' at?!" Aurelia's head turns just in time to see Leonidas drop kick Krosis in the head, flash freezing half of his masked face and robes and causing the Undead to miss the bolt of condensed azure flames aimed at her head.

A burst of laughter at the sight escapes Aurelia, which makes her realize the curse on her form has been lifted.

"Duck!" Leonidas calls out as he lands on his back, and Aurelia does so while launching herself forward, dodging the swipe of a blade made out of azure flames aimed at where her head used to be.

A glittering star sparkles to life on the tip of Leonidas's staff, and Aurelia outright jumps over the booming bolt as it piercing through the air and turns the conjured Atronach to sparks on impact.

"Blasted, useless thing!" Krosis curses, the azure flames around him growing fiercer and brighter.

Despite not having mastered it yet, or even having gotten it under good control, Aurelia clads herself in the sparkling Ward-Skin spell as the brilliance of Holy Light cloaks her blade.

A plan forms inside her head as she raises her greatsword, watching with narrowed eyes as Krosis floats back while conjuring another triple-layered Ward between her and his form.

So she takes in a deep breath, and- "FUS!" She roars out, a wave of ethereal energy crashing into the powerful barrier with immense force, enough so to displace the air and azure flames.

The first Ward gives way, and greatly cracks the second one.

Her slash turns into a stab, and the second Ward gives way, while her blade pierces deep into the third one.

A cold, cruel laugh comes from Krosis, his form no longer retreating as he conjures more azure flames above his staff.

Beneath her helmet, Aurelia smirks coldly as she draws back her left arm and stomps forward.

Her arm crashes through the Ward. Her blade drops to the ground.

Her fist reaches for Krosis's head- Then it opens, and her gauntlet-clad fingers latch onto his Mask- "NO-!"

And then she wrenches it back with a laugh, her gaze landing on the decayed face of the floating corpse before her.

The azure flames vanish within the blink of an eye, and she can feel Krosis start to panic and grow fearful.

He was too overconfident…

A clattering sound rings out behind her as Aurelia tosses the Mask away, then she blinks when Leonidas rushes past her- "Let's finish this shit the proper Nord way!" The robed man shouts as he delivers a terrifying uppercut to Krosis's chin, sending several rotten teeth flying.

Something inside Aurelia just… snaps, and she launches herself forward too, her own fist crashing against Krosis's left cheek with enough strength to deform his skull and shatter the remaining teeth.

The Dragon Priest staggers back, words try to leave his form, but Leonidas pounces forward once more with a cry of- "As I said before- You ain't shit!" And a punch to the face that pushes Krosis back once more soon follows.

A laugh bubbles out of Aurelia, her fist shattering the rotten scaled chestplate the floating Dragon Priest was wearing. "Yo' mama ain't shit!"

Huh…

That was her.

She shouted that.

Leonidas falters momentarily, seemingly staring at her with emotions she cannot understand before he too laughs out loudly.

Is this the first time she truly heard him laugh so heartily?

He sounded so… Nice.

"Yo' daddy ain't shit!"

Another punch. More hearty laughter.

"Yo' Dragon ain't shit!"

Aurelia felt so… free. So alive.

She hadn't felt like this in ages.

"Yo' drip ain't shit!"

And she started to feel like this while she was… Humiliating a powerful Undead.

And throwing insults at it.

She blames Leonidas.

"Yo'… Magic ain't shit!"

Yet, she also felt herself thank the lovable idiot.

She could only feel this way thanks to him.

Where would she even be without him?

"Hah! Good one!" Leonidas laughs a laugh that makes her heart flutter and her cheeks flush, then he downright drops kicks the beaten up Dragon Priest further back, "Yo' Mask ain't shit!"

Oh Gods…

"Yo'… I don't know what to say, but it's still shit!" She cries out as she chops down with her hand, ripping off the Dragon Priest's remaining arm with the staff clutched inside it.

She was falling for this idiot, wasn't she?

Rushing forward once more, Leonidas tosses her greatsword at her before slapping Krosis once- twice- thrice-

"Who told you to wear a green hat?!"

"A dog's fart is worth more than you!"

"I'd rather step on horse shit than look at you!"

"My Magic better!" Slap! "My drip better!" Slap! "My bitch's better!" Slap! "My dick's bigger!" Slap! "My staff's better!" Slap! "And finally-!"

Slap!

"Your army was a bigger headache than yo' bitch-ass!"

And with that final shouted insult, Leonidas jumps out of the way, allowing Krosis's stumbling and beaten, confused form to stare at the blinding sun roaring to life in front of him.

With a massive smile on her lips, Aurelia focuses and dumps all of her Magicka through her blade-

A roar of "Fuck your Ancestors to the eighteenth generation!" comes from behind her-

And then she lets loose all of her Holy Magic in a beam of purification aimed at the humiliated Undead.


"Let there be light!"​


Night turned into day.

Clouds filled with lightning disperse, revealing the ocean of stars above.

A "Whooohooooo-!" howl comes from behind her as Aurelia laughs, and laughs, and laughs until she is crying.

The beam of platinum-gold light shoots off of Shearpoint peak and cuts straight towards High Hrothgar, smashing into the side of the distant mountain with a loud rumbling sound.

And as the beam came to an end, the only sound one could hear at the top of the mountain was the sound of laughter.

Aurelia's sword fell from her grasp, her hands coming to clutch her belly as she hunched over and fell on her knees, shoulders shaking from laughter.

And to make things worse, Leonidas swaggered over to the trench she left behind by erasing Krosis before 'spitting' on the ground. "Asta la vista, hijo the puta!"

While she couldn't understand what he said, it still made her laugh harder as she rolled on the ground.

"You alright over there?" Her wonderful friend calls out, her laughter slowly dying down as she breathes in and out, armored hands resting on the ground to help her stand up on shaky feet.

Once up, her arms instantly wrap around Leonidas's form. His feet are lifted off the ground, and she starts spinning the idiot around with a cheerful giggle, "Never felt better!" She cheers while Leonidas just hangs there, like a wet noodle.

"My pride as a man has been thoroughly destroyed and stepped on." His voice sounded so dead, making her giggle turn into full-blown laughter, "I am going to jump off the mountain. I swear."

With a grin under her helmet, Aurelia stops spinning and nods her head towards the discarded mask on the ground, "And give up the chance of obtaining that?"

And now Leonidas was somehow flying through the air and towards the Mask.

The woman blinks and looks at her arms, then at the man that just smashed into the ground with a "Yoink!" call- Then he started kicking his legs in the air while giggling like a kid.

Shaking her head fondly, Aurelia turns her head to stare down at the discarded staff on the ground and at the twisted gem on top of it… Before she brings her boot down on it and feels the Soul Gem become powder.

A very satisfied sigh leaves her lips at that moment.

"You know…" Leonidas speaks up, still laying on the ground, "I feel like I should take you to kill the Undead more often, if that's how happy it makes you."

Aurelia's heart flutters.

Should she consider this as an outing between a man and a woman?!

Oh Divines, she has no experience in this!

Aurelia would bashfully cup her flushed cheeks right now if she didn't have a helmet on. Instead, she settled for fidgeting shyly in place, "I-I'd like that…"

"Why you acting so bashful now…" Leonidas questions softly, sounding very confused from his spot on the ground, "Oh, right. There's a World Wall there."

Her form perks up, and her head turns towards the crescent moon shaped wall that somehow survived their battle.

What did Leonidas say a few moments ago?

Ah, right!

"Yoink!"

And to think she was worried that Krosis would be as terrifying as the monster sealed beneath Whiterun.


….​


Somehow, Aurelia found herself actively joining the victory party, and even sharing a few drinks with those that offered it to her.

She had swiftly lost sight of Hildr, who started chasing Gretel after Leonidas told her to 'Turn into a werewolf and eat Nazeem's guts out' or something among those lines.

So now there was a young girl armed with a knife and pure feral energy asking around for a 'Nazeem' while her older sister chased after the smiling murderous brat.

As for Leonidas? He vanished after starting a brawl where he smashed the Jarl's head through a table, blamed Farengar for it, then kicked a random Nord soldier in the nuts, which kick-started the chaos that was… actually still going down inside Jorrvaskr.

There were bodies hanging out of holes in the wall, knocked out soldiers and Companions laying at the top of the overturned ship-roof, some even drifting in the waters of the canals circling the square.

And some hanging from trees… Which made her wonder if they found the hogtied Bosmer hanging from a tree Leonidas left behind in Riverwood.

The whole city was throwing a party, getting drunk, celebrating and mourning the dead in their own ways, and just shouting or cheering until they couldn't anymore before resorting to punching each other.

She was actually starting to quite enjoy this, she had to admit.

Now, if only she could find that idiot of her lovely friend before he caused further chaos just by existing…

Nursing her drink and wincing at how powerful the alcohol was, Aurelia looks around until finally, she spots the robed form of Leonidas.

She blinks when she noticed that Farengar of all people was before him, handing what looked like a letter to him before leaving.

Blinking, Aurelia makes her way over, nodding to the Court Mage as she walks past him.

"Leo!" She calls out, bright smile on her face, a strange desire to hold his hand lighting up inside of her, "Everything alright?"

Her smile falters when Leonidas hums as a response, then hands her the letter.

Taking it in her free hand, Aurelia's smile swiftly disappears.

Then her stomach drops.

It was an invitation to join the College of Winterhold.

"Oh…"


A.N. DUN DUN DUUUUUUN!

The power adorable couple shall finally split up since they met!

I hate it, but Aurelia must grow. Can't have her always rely on Leonidas.

Plus, this also lets me focus more on Hildr. I wanna flesh her out some more, as she'll be a recurring supportive character.

Also, if Krosis losing so easily is a bit of a turn-off.. Consider that he is the weakest Dragon Priest in the game, and that Leonidas was worried that he was scaled up compared to the game, while Aurelia feared that he was like Dinok, the dude under Whiterun.

Then, they were disappointed, and utterly humiliated him.

Also, I absolutely loved having Aurelia just go 'Fuck it!' and let Leonidas corruption take hold. Hope y'all liked that!

Also, if you all wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of this one, then hop on over to my Patreon and select the right tier to do so!


p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Lots of love and hugs to y'all!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta, Daniil and 1,805 others
Musashi-Chan
Oct 11, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 21
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Oct 17, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,569
A hiss of pain leaves his lips as Irileth fixes his broken nose without even giving him a chance to take a breath.

The crack is loud, the pain is worse, and his eyes sting, but Balgruuf sucks it up thanks to the power of the fine mead coursing through his veins, and the still running adrenaline from the wild battle of the night.

"I do reprimand you often, my lord…" Irileth starts, glowing eyes staring at him in a very disapproving way as she cleans her bloodied hands, "But a brawl? Truly?"

Working his jaw, the bearded Jarl stares up at his trusted aid for a short second, "Would you believe me if I told you that Leonidas started it?"

Irileth holds his gaze for a short second before looking away, "Yes, I would."

The sheer chaos that man managed to cause within a single minute… By the Divines, he was sure Farkas punched one of his guards through the roof of Jorrvaskr at one moment while downing a mug of mead.

The brawl turned into a fight between the guards of Whiterun and the Companions, and he just couldn't stand back and watch. It was only right to join his soldiers and brothers in arms, no?

Even if, five seconds later, two Companions put him through a table, laughed at him, picked him up, then said he had to eat more meat and drink more mead.

The fucking gall on those monsters…

With enough mead in them, he was sure any of the Companions could wrestle a giant into the dirt and win, then look for another because they aren't satisfied.

"How many men did we lose?" He finally asks, knowing he'll have to write quite a lot of letters to quite a lot of families.

Just because a man will gladly die in battle without fear does not mean that the family will not mourn them.

"Not as many as we could have." Irileth answers lowly, "The spell Leonidas unleashed across the battlefield turned the tides. Made the soldiers and Companions stronger, and not even a blade through the heart could keep them down. We lost less than two-hundred soldiers, Companions included."

Balgruuf breathes out and closes his eyes. So massively outnumbered, yet so few casualties, even when the Dragons joined the fray.

This, he knows well, is all thanks to Leonidas.

Both for the warning, and for the assistance, and for helping in slaying that damnable Undead creature.

"That man is truly a monster." The voice of his court mage makes Balgruuf open his eyes and regard the approaching robed man with a curious look.

"Why do you say that, Farengar?" He questions lightly, and does not fail to notice the light shudder going down his court mage's body.

"The magnitude of that Spell covered the whole battlefield, my Jarl." Farengar points out, "The sheer upkeep cost of such a Spell… It would have drained my Magicka reserves in seconds."

"Leonidas kept that Spell running even after he left."

Balgruuf takes in a sharp intake of air at that. That… explained some things.

"What do you make of him?" He questions both his court mage and Irileth, with the two sharing a short and silent look.

With a sigh, Farengar crosses his arms with a slightly distant gaze hidden beneath his hood, "I believe he is a wandering Archmage." The theory from his court mage stuns Balgruuf greatly. Even Irileth falters at those words. "His capability to modify Spells on a whim, his depth of knowledge… It terrifies me. He has to be a terrifyingly talented Archmage, perhaps just wandering around and hiding himself from… well, any that would bother him."

Archmage… A title given to terrifyingly talented and powerful magicians with barely any equals.

Balgruuf could count the number of Archmages present in Skyrim on one hand, and have fingers left over. The College of Winterhold has Savos Aren, and he had heard rumors of another wandering Archmage, which he knows is not Leonidas.

"Quite the eccentric Archmage, then…" Irileth muses dryly, and Balgruuf withholds a snort at those words.

Leonidas was indeed quite the weird man, but Balgruuf quite enjoyed how open the man was at times.

Plus, the way he kept giving migraines to his Court Mage was quite hilarious.

Farengar palms his face with a groan, and Balgruuf hides his smile beneath his beard, "That aside… I believe that the two will leave once more soon enough." Balgruuf raises a brow, then motions for his Court Mage to continue. "Leonidas was clearly interested in the invitation from the College, and I believe the Dragonborn will soon seek the teachings of the Graybeards."

Despite himself, Balgruuf frowns a small amount. Mostly out of worry.

His city was not defenseless… But the major reason on why there were so few casualties on the battlefield was because of the Dragonborn and her friend.

Seeing the worry in his Jarl's eyes, Farengar speaks once more, "Also, Leonidas assured me that there are no more pressing threats around Whiterun, and that the Dragonborn is now like a shining beacon for the other Dragons." Hence, Whiterun will actually be more safe without the Dragonborn…

How sickening. It felt like he was kicking out someone who fought alongside him and fought for his people away, just for a bit of hope that the Dragons will ignore his city.

Then, certain words Farengar said repeat in Balgruuf's head, making him freeze, "You said 'pressing threats'…" The Jarl leaves his question silent, but his court mage gulps and nods.

"Leonidas alluded to me that there are more of those monsters out there. Nearly a dozen."

Slowly, Balgruuf lets out a low breath as he leans back, "By the Divines…"

And he couldn't forget how Arkay himself acted in their support, blessing his Paladin with his divine light.

The sight was seared within his very Soul, and Whiterun will probably have to enlarge the church due to a massive influx of believers and prayers from now on.

"Have the finest steeds be prepared for the Dragonborn and her companion." Or companions. They did come back with a red-haired woman and a child from their trip to Falkreath. Wonder what happened down there… "And fund their supply of food too."

This was the least he could do, even though they were practically rich. He'd gift them more stuff, but he couldn't even think of what gift to give them that could be useful.

As his thoughts wandered, Balgruuf suddenly remembered something else, "...Also, have some guards look around for Delphine." He orders Irileth, who stiffens lightly, "Let us hope she doesn't do anything stupid before we find her."

"My Jarl… It's Delphine." He couldn't even argue with that.

And that's when a guard swiftly approached them, and the only thing reason Balgruuf did not jump was because he could see the letter within the hands of his man.

"My Jarl, a letter from Falkreath."

A blink, then a raised brow. Taking the offered letter, Balgruuf excuses the guard and opens the envelope.

What he reads makes him snort, crack, then fall on the ground from laughter.

"M-My Jarl?!" Irileth jumps at his sudden outburst, then watches as Farengar picks up the letter… Then snorts too, before sighing and palming his face. "...What happened?"

With barely restrained laughter, Farengar speaks up, "Leonidas attacked the Jarl of Falkreath and blew up his home, apparently…"

Balgruuf's laughter only grows louder.


….​


"I believe it is a good thing." I state even as Aurelia's pout grows bigger and cuter. So childish and adorable. "I am kinda winging things magic related, so a trip to the College might do me well."

"And you can focus on learning everything you need under Paarthurnax. The faster you master the Thu'um, the better."

I am a bit… Disgruntled to have to part ways with her, as I quite love being around Aurelia, but I remind myself that it is only temporary.

Still, Aurelia huffs and turns her gaze away, burning a hole through the wall beside us. We are outside Jorrvaskr, now that the brawl I caused has died down.

Hildr is still out there hunting down Gretel, while Gretel is still hunting down Nazeem. She is very focused on that task. It makes me very proud.

Still, it's a very nice night. High on morale, a good victory behind us, and a powerful enemy that could aid the Dragons is dead. Plus, the Enchanted Mask now stashed against my hip.

I still haven't checked it out with the System, now that I think about it. I just know that it is quite the good fit for me, due to how it weaponizes Cold-Flame.

Didn't think I'd see such a thing, I'll be fair. I wonder what the other Masks do now.

Especially Konahrik's.

The reaction I got from Krosis was… Quite interesting. The genuine terror in his voice was also quite the surprise.

But I guess that a Dragon Priest named 'Warlord' ain't gonna be a pushover...

"What? Sad that we are gonna be apart?" I focus back on the present and tease the beautiful woman before me, whom I have corrupted to start insulting a Dragon Priest while beating the shit out of that fucker.

Krosis indeed. That dude must've felt a lot of 'Sorrow' at being treated like a joke the whole damn time.

Not gonna like; Aurelia cracking and starting to throw insults at Krosis did make me crush hard on her. Like, very hard.

"Yes." I pause, then lean back.

"Excuse me?" With a cute and deeper pout, and flushed cheeks, Aurelia looks away and sniffs.

"I don't want to be away from you." Good thing I do not have a heart, else I'd have lost it at this very moment.

Lady, you are very dangerous indeed.

"I don't like it either." I admit openly, making her flush grow darker, "But as I said, it is needed. You need the training in the Thu'um, and there is no better teacher than Paarthurnax." It makes me feel like the Thu'um is so much more than just a Shout and release a blast of power kind of thing.

Paarthurnax's words made it sound like the way Aurelia was using it is the most barbaric and direct way of using, so I am quite eager to see a refined Thu'um user at work.

"I guess you are right…" Aurelia sighs, her shoulders slumping slightly, "I won't say no to free training for such a powerful ability." That's the spirit.

I lean back and sag my own shoulders as I cross my arms, "And I want to take my time to figure out my capabilities, and if there is anything else I can do." Plus, check on that Dragon Priest close to the College.

The mark was close to where the Oghma Infinium is found in the game, so it's like killing two birds with one stone.

Even though I do not want to have anything to do with fucking Hermaeus Mora for a long ass time.

"What do we do after?" Aurelia suddenly asks, shyly reaching over to grab and hold onto one of my hands. "Once we are back together, I mean."

Cute. So fucking cute.

I keep my voice stable as I hum and consider her question, "We could deal with some other Dragon Priests – mainly the ones I know are kind of weak… There is one that we must also take on quite soon."

That brings Aurelia to a pause, her gaze hardening, "Why?"

"Hevnoraak. He is between Falkreath and Morthal, and like Dinok, he too is sealed." Aurelia shudders at the mention of the monster beneath the Temple of Arkay. "But his seal is slowly losing power, so…"

I sigh and use my free hand to rub at my hidden face. "Gods, there are so damn many issues that need to be dealt with before disaster strikes…"

Aurelia bites down on her lower lip, yet she holds my gaze in worry, "Talk to me, Leo."

I hesitate, then sigh and push through, "Hevnoraak is one issue, but then there are cultists trying to bring back Wolf Queen Potema near Solitude, and a power hungry dumbfuck of a vampire with an army of his own making seeking to find a powerful artifact so to plunge the world into eternal darkness. And there's worse."

There is Ancano's bullshit at the College that I will surely take care off once there.

There is kinda the matter of the Thieves Guild.

The Dark Brotherhood is taken care off, but Cicero is still out there with that damn corpse and who knows what the hell he is going to do.

There is Dinok, and who the fuck knows what that thing is planning.

There are still Dragons at large, and Alduin has been a no-show so far.

There are the Thalmors, the Civil War being a problem, Ulfric possibly attacking Whiterun, or perhaps even the Imperials doing the attacking.

And, finally, there is Miraak.

I need power. I need to find and push the boundaries of this weird System I have.

"What is more pressing?" Aurelia asks softly, not even asking how I know these things.

"All of them are, I just have no idea when they will become a problem that we must deal with." Dragon Breaks clearly do not exist here, and that is a massive issue. I sigh, then look towards Aurelia, "I believe I mentioned someone to you once. A Serana?"

Aurelia blinks, then nods slowly, so I keep going, "She is the… daughter of the Vampire dude I told you about." And there's the frown. Vampires are kind of undead, right? So I guess she would hate them too. "She could be a very powerful ally, and will help us deal with that issue very easily."

"Leo…" Aurelia starts, a low hiss leaving her, "It's a Vampire."

"Not by choice." I point out, startling Aurelia with how hard my voice is, "Me and her are alike. I became like this without choice, and neither did she…"

A Daughter of Coldharbour, a title given to those women that survive being raped by that twisted fuck that is Molag Bal.

I want to kill him so badly.

And she has been sealed away for two whole damn Eras. She is still awake down there, and she must be so damn hungry too.

Aurelia bites her lower lip, and her gaze relents and lowers, "I'll trust you." I give her hand a squeeze, which makes a cute smile bloom on her face.

"For now, let us just enjoy this victory, and prepare to deal with these things." Once all of that is done, we can go and free Serana, then deal with… probably the Potema issue first.

I do not want to trust soldiers or other folks to deal with that, so I can't even send some kind of warning towards Solitude.

I've given Farengar hints to give to Balgruuf though; Like Ulfric's possible attack on Whiterun, and the presence of other Dragon Priests out there.

Balgruuf will surely start recruiting more soldiers soon enough, enlarging his army and giving them greater and more focused training now that it is very needed.

And if I can, I'll see if I can put my fingers on Enchanting while at the College, and maybe set up a supply of Enchanted Gear for the city.

I also want to see if I can learn Lightning Magic. My Ice Magic is insanely powerful now, but I won't say no to throwing lightning bolts around.

Lemme enjoy my fuckin' power fantasy-

I pause, then slowly crane my head towards a strangely familiar figure watching me and Aurelia from the square lit by torches down below.

Leather armor, a long katana-like blade resting against her right hip, blonde hair, and a face that not even a mother would love.

Is that fucking Delphine…?

"Don't look." I tell Aurelia as she nearly goes to try and follow my gaze. "Just be wary of a blonde woman trying to approach you from now on. She means to use you and weaponize you, when in reality she should serve you and follow your orders."

Aurelia startles momentarily at my words, "Serve me?"

I nod, "The Blades. They are a group that serves the Dragonborn. They are kind off… dead, mostly. The majority of them has been hunted down by the Thalmors, and Delphine here is a rat that managed to escape them."

And the dumb bitch isn't even trying to hide her allegiance. That sword is such a big tell on what organization she is part of.

"Why is being the Dragonborn such a big damn problem?" My lovely friend groans beneath her breath.

And I gotta wonder if, perhaps, it is the fault of a certain Dragonborn turned Divine who fancied driving around a big fucking Mech.

His ascension did make the Thalmors tweak the fuck out, to be fair.

"Oh, there they are." Aurelia perks up, and I follow her gaze towards the approaching sisters, with Hildr looking so done with life.

Gretel? She is smiling brightly, feet off the ground, collar of her shirt in Hildr's grip as she is carried like a fat potato sack.

Then said little girl gives me a big thumbs up as she approaches, "The hunt was successful!"

Hildr glares at me with a clear desire for murder, though she cannot hide her amusement either, "She found this… 'Nazeem' dude you told her to hunt down."

I nearly cackle, but hold myself back, "What did she do to him?"

Slowly, Hildr sighs as Gretel bares her teeth smugly, "What you should be asking is what did she not do to him… I found them because I heard the man scream, and she transformed into her Werewolf form to traumatize the man."

"He had pissed himself, was squealing for mercy, and she was cackling in his face while drooling all over the damn place."

Both me and Aurelia turn to stare at Gretel, who just shrugs without care. "Hey, you told me to traumatize him."

And now everyone is staring at me. I openly cackle without care and give Gretel a fist bump, "You are the goddamn best, you little gremlin."

"Don't praise her!"

"I cannot wait to leave Whiterun in your good, evil hands. Make me proud, child."

"I will, Master!"

Hildr, of course, looks ready to die on the spot.


….


[Krosis – Perfect Quality]

A Mask enchanted with a connection to Takubar, a remote location within the realm of Coldharbour. Through this connection, a link with a powerful Cold-Flame Atronach will be made, granting the wielder the capability to wield and shape Cold-Flame.​


Huh, so there is a Quality type above High. I wonder if there is a Daedric Quality or something.

Still, this is truly good. It gives me access to a new weapon, and a new powerful Summon.

Still, I do hope that the Atronach summoned matches my strength, or is close to it. I didn't get to see Krosis's Atronach fight that much since I obliterated it with a Draconian Howl.

Plus, even if I outgrow this Mask, I can still pass it to Hildr. I'm sure she'll be even more skilled at using it than me since she is a Fire Mage.

Wonder if it could synergize with her Familiar… It could be a very powerful boon for sure.

I twirl the mask in my grasp, then slowly move it to my face and use the bands behind it to lodge it in place.

It should also synergize well with my new boosted buff that affects my Frost Magic. If it works on anything cold that I create and manipulate, of course.

I fix the mask a bit, until I can perfectly see through the thin holes without problem or with them being a bother, then turn to gaze out the nearby window.

The sun is high in the sky, and the girls should still be sleeping. They all pretty much collapsed as soon as we came back home, with Hildr and Gretel crashing down in one of our guest bedrooms together and falling asleep within seconds.

It was to be expected, as Hildr barely got any rest since she came to Whiterun, and neither did Gretel.

Hildr because she just refused to stand by and wait for us to deal with the attack on Krosis without helping, and Gretel because she refused to not watch the battle from the walls and stand alongside her sister.

It's about to be afternoon, huh?

There isn't much that I want to do, so I am mostly just… lazing around. Thinking up ideas of possible future Spells I could create and power up.

Plus, what to use these twenty-four left-over Souls I have on me.

Someone could say I should use all of them to make Draconian Howl evolve and make it even more busted, but a part of me just… tells me not to.

Not because it's strong enough, but because if it evolves, I might end up being unable to use it, lest it obliterates me too.

I think I need to Evolve again, since my next Evolution is a big one where my strength will increase massively, then I can evolve it at least once.

Though it is perfect as is for now, so I won't waste anymore Souls on it for a long while.

Winter's Wrath and my new Conjure Beast Spell will require another Evolution though.

Luckily, even if my Spell Slots are filled, I can still learn and use other Spells, like the Wards from Restoration Magic, and they are all useful and strong enough, even without having to empower them with Souls.

The one thing I want to power-up is my body though. I'll have to see about coming out with some sort of strengthening Spell, or put my fingers on one.

Or even have my System come up with a new minor evolution like it did with the Warrior one I picked some time ago.

…

Nothing, huh?

Oh well, can't really expect it to cooperate and drop things that I need on my lap. It wouldn't really feel rewarding.

I sigh and lean back, then perk up when I hear the sound of low and slow footsteps.

I tilt my head towards the door, which I left open so to look into the living room just in case, and see Aurelia come into view, yawning cutely and rubbing her eyes.

Her hair is a mess that makes her even more adorable to my eyes, and her sleeping wear are fluffy gray robes that cling to her curves very nicely.

Her head tilts, and her squinted eyes look around for a few seconds before they land on me, a tiny smile spreading across her lips as they do so.

"What are you doing?" She questions in a tired and rough voice as she enters the room where I do my planning near the large map of Skyrim I have at my disposal.

I shrug, "Just thinking." I answer as she drags a chair over and places it right next to my right side, then drops on it and leans against me, her head coming down to rest on my shoulder with a low hum, "Slept well?"

I ask softly as I see her hand take mine in hers. She seems very touchy recently. "I'd love to sleep a lot more…" She murmurs cutely, eyes closed as she burrows deeper into my side.

Which is definitely not comfortable since I am literally all bones.

"You can sleep all you want for a long while; We'll stay around for a week before leaving again." Aurelia hums, then nods slowly.

"It can help Hildr get to know the Companions a bit more, and explore Whiterun." Aurelia whispers, and I nod in agreement.

It'll help reassure her that Gretel won't be bored here, and that the Companions will take good care of her. They'll love watching over the little sister of someone who helped them in the battle, after all.

Anyone tries to bully Gretel from now on will end up getting cornered by big, sweaty and very angry Companions. I pity them, just a little.

I'd do worse, of course.

"And you can finally catch a break for a bit, of course." I remind her, "You can put some focus in your magic studies." She nods again at that, but I have a feeling she is about to fall asleep on me.

So I just remain quiet and lean back, enjoying the comfort of her presence.

I wish I could enjoy her warmth too, which makes me curse this damnable body once more.

But I guess I am glad enough that I can at least be close to her.

"I don't want to be away from you." Comes Aurelia's soft whisper, making me squeeze her hand.

Why must you make it harder for me?

"I don't want to either." I whisper back as I sag my shoulder-

And that's the time someone decides to knock on the door.

Four quick, powerful knock that shake the door. Less knocks, more bangs.

Aurelia startles, then flares her nostrils in pure anger as she stands and stalks towards the door.

I pause, then decide to quickly follow after her just in case.

With a swift yank, Aurelia nearly tears the door off the hinges as she opens it- And of course it's fucking Delphine.

The blonde has her arms crossed in front of her, a frown on her face as she looks at Aurelia up and down the moment the door is opened.

"So you're the Dragonbor-"

Delphine's words are cut off by a punch to the face that shatters her nose and sends her flying down the other side of the street.

Not by me.

But by Aurelia.

"Fucking bitch…" The lovely Dragonborn growls out, shakes her hand, then slams the door shut before turning around, grabbing my hand, and moving back towards the room we were in while dragging me along.

Fuck having a crush.

I'm in fucking love with this woman!


A.N. Bit of a calm chapter after the battle.

Also, apologies on the wait, had to take a short break from writing, overworked myself a bit.

Next chapter should be another slow one, with the group beginning their travel.

Hope you all enjoyed it!

And remember to go on my Patreon if ya wanna read FIVE CHAPTERS AHEAD for this story!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

And thank you all so much for your amazing and constant support!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta and 1,903 others
Musashi-Chan
Oct 17, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 22
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Oct 28, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,676
"I cannot even come close to comprehend how something such as this was created." Farengar muses as he examines the Dragon Priest mask on the table between us.

His eyes were full of awe and intrigue as he stares at it intently, as expected of a Mage that is hungry for knowledge.

"Well, a human did not make this, of course." I point out, drawing his gaze towards me, "Dragon Priests were gifted these masks by their Dragons, who are their creators." Picking it up, I twirl it a bit and turn it in a certain direction, "In fact, by looking at it this way, you can see that it resembles a scale."

Farengar's eyes widen even further at my words, "An Enchanted Artifact made by a Dragon?" He whispers in stunned awe, "Is that even possible?"

I shrug, "No one ever said that the Thu'um can only be used offensively." I point out, making Farengar lean back and cup his chin in thought. "I have even started mixing it into my Spells. By using a Word of Power that fits the Spell, the power is massively increased."

The Court Mage's eyes narrow in thought at that, "That… That sounds familiar." His words bring me to a pause. "Back in my time at the College, there were whispered… Legends, you could say."

"It is said that one of the previous Archmages presiding over the College had struck up a contract with a Dragon."

"The Dragon was taught Magic by the Archmage, and the Archmage in turn was taught the Thu'um by the Dragon… I know not if it is true, but if you can manage to truly mix the Thu'um with Magic, then there must be a modicum of truth within that story."

So it is not something unique to me. Something that I myself created all of a sudden just because of a random thought.

Of course there would be a Mage crazy enough to try and do the same in the past, but few would dare travel such a road.

After all, Magic takes a lot of focus. Decades of focus and constant studying and training in it… And so does the Thu'um. Only a very long lived species would ever dare to walk both paths at once, then try and fuse them together.

"I'll have to dabble in Enchanting and see what can be done with the Thu'um mixed in." I muse aloud as I twirl the mask in my hand, my hood and leather helmet more than enough to hide my very undead face from the Court Mage.

I wonder if they are even starting to suspect something… But oh well.

"Either way…" I start as I put on the mask, "I doubt you came here to chat about this Artifact."

Farengar pauses, then nods and straightens himself, "Right, of course. Apologies, I get distracted by fascinating things way too easily." As expected of a Mage.

"I came here for two things. One is an apology, the other is a request." I tilt my head, then motion him to keep going, "The Jarl sends his apologies for what happened earlier this day, with the woman the Dragonborn sent flying down the street."

I couldn't help but snort at that. Aurelia takes her cuddle time quite seriously, it seems. She was so damn cute. "It was quite amusing, don't worry."

A snort escapes Farengar in turn, "I shall believe you on that." Shaking his head with a chuckle, he keeps going, "Either way, the Jarl sends his apologies for that. We knew that she'd have tried approaching you, and we had guards trailing her, but she gave them the slip before coming here."

Huh… So if they knew what Delphine wanted, that means that the Jarl knows what exactly she is- Not that it takes a genius to know, since the woman is so fucking dumb that she walks around with a sword of her order attached to her hip.

How the fuck has she survived this long, I do not know. Should've stuck around at that inn of hers instead of walking around like she owns the place in Whiterun.

"And the request?" I probe as I cross my arms. I suspect it is something that is not from the Jarl, but from Farengar himself.

"The request will be a bit tricky…" He starts with a sigh, "When you go to the College, could you keep an eye out for a High Grade Magicka Stone?"

If I could, I'd raise a brow at that request. "I presume they are hard to come by through the Merchant Guild?"

Farengar nods, "High Grade and Superior Grade Magicka Stones are always sold through actions, so their prices skyrocket way beyond what I can possibly afford, or even want to spend. Supreme Grade are just a legend too, so…" Farengar shakes his head, catching himself before he goes off on a tangent, "Either way; The College of Winterhold is known for being in an area dense with Magicka, so Magicka Stones are found nearly everywhere underground."

"If you find a High Grade one and manage to get your hands on it, could you send it over to me?"

So there are two other grades above High Grade, huh? How high are the boosts given from them?

The staff I have, with the Medium Grade Magicka Stone, gives me a fifty percent boost to Spells, if I remember right.

Also, is the reason the Magicka around the area of the college is because of the Eye of Magnus? That thing gushes Magicka out like nothing else.

I really must put my hands on it.

"I believe that can be done." I assure Farengar with a shrug, making the man's shoulders sag in relief, "What do you need it for, if I may ask?"

More relaxed and happy that the 'transaction' went through, Farengar is visibly in a good mood, "My field of Magic is less in the Destruction Path and more in the Alteration Path. I wish to make use of the High Grade Magicka Stone to create a Golem. The Divines know we need more weapons on our side."

A Golem, huh? Interesting.

"I'll see if I can set up a sort of trade with the College to send Enchanted weapons and armors back here once I get there. Either of their own make, or my own." I state aloud before regarding Farengar once more, "How's the situation on the trade routes once handled by Helgen?"

"Not good, but not bad either." Farengar sighs with crossed arms, "The Merchant Guild can be trusted with these things, but they have warned us that the costs will grow due to this. The goods will also take longer than usual to arrive." If they even do.

The roads are sure to be dangerous now because of the Dragons.

"Doesn't Falkreath stand near another entrance to Skyrim?" I ask, glancing down at the large map on the table. If Farengar takes notice of the Mask symbols drawn over certain spots on the maps, then he does a good job at not reacting.

Still, I did it on purpose. I did warn him that there are no dangers close to Whiterun, but seeing it on a map is believing.

"They do." Farengar nods, leaning over the table to tap at a road that goes through an opening between two mountain ranges. "But it's less favorable, and is almost never used as a trade route due to it going through a dangerous territory filled with Frost Trolls."

Ah, that does make sense. Plus, I doubt Falkreath is very amicable when it comes to trading, with how closed off they all appeared to be.

I don't think I even saw a Merchant Guild building in their city? I might've missed it, but I can always ask Gretel and Hildr if there was one there.

"Any other routes Whiterun can make use off?"

With a hum, Farengar points at a spot north of Whiterun, "Dawnstar is a good source of products from the sea. Constant and cheap too, as that is how they make a living."

Then his hand moves to tap the spot where Solitude is, "Solitude has one of the ports that handles trade by sea, with the other one being handled by Windhelm. Whiterun can trade with them and buy the goods they bring in, but the prices have already started sky-rocketing."

And I presume they were already high enough because it's a time of war. Plus, Windhelm is sure to be short on funds after they bought the crown at the auction.

"What about Winterhold? What does it produce?"

"Raw goods. They have many mines that go deep into the mountains close to their city, so they bring out a lot of Magicka Stones, iron, silver, and other raw materials. Winterhold and Markath deal in these things, due to their location."

And Whiterun handles the goods that come from the fields, due to them not being hit by the snow and having an enormous valley at their disposal.

Still, Winterhold might have some forges at their disposal, as they might also use those raw goods they mine to sell them directly as refined weapons.

Wish I could do the Potion-Enchanting-Forging Loop here so that I could punch a hole through Reality with a spoon hotter than the sun.

"Whiterun won't be able to remain neutral for long." I confess to Farengar, who freezes at my words. "Ulfric will not put the war on hold, and the Imperials won't if he doesn't."

This isn't the game, where the Civil War questline can be ended before the final battle, or where the leaders of the factions can be called on High Hrothgar to tell them to stop fighting until the situation is resolved.

The Thalmors will keep on pressing the Imperials, the Imperials and the Stormcloaks will keep on pressing each other, and it's only a matter of time before one of the two decides to go 'Fuck it.' and will try to claim the most strategic position for the whole in all of Skyrim.

Whiterun.

Neutral, has enormous fertile fields, has Riverwood for a constant income of fruits from trees and wood.

Has access to all of Skyrim, is massively fortified, is a massive source of food from land, and has a straight path to Windhelm and Dawnstar.

"So, if something happens and war is declared on Whiterun… Send me a letter at the College."

Slowly, Farengar breathes in and gulps, "What will you do?"

"Nothing much." I state with a shrug, "You'll just need to remove a city or two off the maps."

Gretel will live here once we leave, and I won't let anyone, not even a Daedric Prince, threaten that sweet little girl.

So if I need to erase Solitude and Windhelm off the face of this planet to keep her safe, then so be it.

Farengar shudders at my cold words, but I can't really give a damn about his opinion of me souring and whatnot.

So, instead, I give the man a way out, "You said you went to the College, right?"

Straightening himself, the Court Mage nods slowly, "To become a Court Mage, one needs to be an accomplished Mage, and the best way to become one in Skyrim is through the College of Winterhold."

"I went there for five years in my youth, then traveled a bit before settling down in Whiterun." His gaze grows distant and nostalgic below his hood.

I hum at his words, "What kind of place is it? The College, I mean."

"Very competitive." For some reason, Farengar chuckles to himself before he speaks up, "I was going to warn you about how some of the Mages there can play dirty and steal your things to make your studies harder… But knowing you, I can only feel pity for them."

"Ah, more victims." I chuckle to myself, "Perfect."

Torturing them should give Hildr some breathing room from the horrors of merely being in my presence.

Plus… J'zargo.

I'm going to fold that son of a bitch so fucking fast, I swear to Sheogorath.

Just remembering his damn mission with the scrolls makes me want to scream and kill someone.

Legendary difficulty, mods that add even more enemies, and I take his quest, then decide to go and test it out in a tomb.

Run into a room full of enemies beating the shit out of each other, and even more Draugr all around the place.

Activate the scroll while swarmed with Undead, and I had to watch my screen go fucking white while my speakers just fizzled out.

His scrolls make a Flame Cloak that explodes on contact with the Draugr, and I activated one while surrounded by so many of them.

I, obviously, died and was reduced to ash, unable to even see my corpse due to my screen going white before it moves to the loading screen.

J'zargo turned me into a fucking Anti-Undead Nuke and then went 'Oopsy daisy' when I told him about it, and at that point in time he fell in the same place as the fucking chicken of Riverwood.

He is my Nemesis.

Plus Ancano. That man is catching hands on sight.

Oh, I am going to have so much fun!


xxxXXXxxx​


"Leonidas is plotting something." Aurelia speaks out all of a sudden, the hair on the back of her neck standing on end, her eyes wide in alarm.

Hildr stares at her in utter horror as she does so.

"By Hircine, you've been around that insane bastard long enough to develop a sense for his bullshit…" Hildr mutters in pure horror, lone eye staring at Aurelia with pity, "...I shouldn't speak. I have the same feeling towards Gretel."

"Hey, I'm not that bad."

"...It revolts me that, for once, you are actually right."

"Huh…" The young girl lets out, eyes wide, "Must rectify that, then." Where did that knife come from?

As if expecting that, Hildr swiftly snatches the knife from Gretel's hands with a defeated sigh, "Why do you want to stab people so badly?"

"I just see people being happy and smiling and… I hate that." This child was so dangerous.

Like Leonidas.

Hildr stares down at her sister with a glare, then sighs through her nostrils and turns back to Aurelia, "I think it's best we go home before she commits a crime."

"Who said I haven't already committed one?"

For the sake of their sanity, both Aurelia and Hildr decide to ignore Gretel's words.

Though Aurelia does throw a suspicious glance towards the poster reporting a certain 'Nazeem' as missing.

"You have everything?" Aurelia asks Hildr, and the woman nods as she throws an enormous bag filled with clothing over her shoulder. "You sure you do not want a Magistone Staff? Or a weapon?"

With a light and warm smile, Hildr shakes her head, "A Magistone Staff doesn't really fit me, as it doesn't make my Familiar stronger. And right now I kind of lack offensive Spells. Falkreath wasn't really eager to sell Spells books." Right, Aurelia tends to forget how Skyrim people in general feel towards Magic.

Something about the College messing up one too many times and leading to disasters, or something among those lines.

"Hmm… I do not know where we can buy any tomes for… Destruction Path?" She probes, and Hildr nods.

Her Familiar was a mix of Destruction and Conjuration, but Aurelia isn't big on Magic Theory and the likes.

"You are Restoration, right?" Hildr asks back as they navigate through the market, Gretel far ahead of us, eyes seeking a new target to terrorize or possible maim brutally. Or both.

"Kinda." Aurelia nervously laughs, earning a confused look from Hildr, "The only reason I can use Restoration Magic is because of the Blessing Ritual Paladins go through when they join the Order. Without it, I would be very bad at Magic."

It was always something that she hated. Her mother was a powerful magician, and so was her father… Yet she had none of their talent.

The little she achieved was through constant hard work, and even then it was still very lacking.

Yet, now… After her Lord blessed her once more to fight Krosis, she could feel that her Holy Magic was so much purer and stronger than usual.

It even felt easier to wield. Ward Skin felt like such a difficult Spell not too long ago, yet right now she could already think of ways to perfectly activate it without problem or losses in efficiency.

She felt so… different. Less scared and stressed, and much more at ease.

It was like she could finally take a big breath of fresh air without having to worry about the looming threat on the horizon.

Only on the fact that she is going to be away from the first man she felt romantically attracted to.

And that terrified her even more than Alduin suddenly showing up before her.

Shaking away those thoughts, Aurelia focuses on something else, "How did you come across your Familiar?"

Hildr snorts at her question, "I set my neighbors house on fire, and then watched as a little flaming wolf came walking out. He's been my Familiar since."

So that's where Gretel takes her personality from...

"So he is a natural born Spirit?" Again, Aurelia doesn't know much about Magic stuff, but she does know that Spirits can be either Artificial or Natural.

The Artificial ones have limited intelligence, which makes her far weaker than natural born Spirits, who grow smarter with age.

And Hildr's Familiar did always strike Aurelia as very intelligent despite it's violent exterior. Though that is to be expected since its element is Fire.

With a hum, Aurelia glances towards Hildr. The tall woman, clad in form fitting clothes, had a very thin figure with visible curves.

While very beautiful, it also… worried Aurelia. Hildr looked a bit too thin.

"Can I ask a… personal question?" Aurelia starts, keeping her voice low even though Gretel is far ahead of them.

Hildr furrows her brow lightly, but nods nonetheless.

So Aurelia bites her lower lip, then breathes in to calm herself, "You haven't been eating much, have you?" Her question makes the lone green eye widen lightly.

Said eye than strays down as Hildr regards her own figure, a lone free hand running down her side, "We weren't really well off." She mutters lowly, "So I always let Gretel and Grandma eat their fill while I ate the bare minimum."

Plus, studies into Magic have high cost, perhaps impossibly high in a place like Falkreath.

A bit of pity flashes past Aurelia's eyes before she claps a hand down on Hildr's shoulder with a warm smile, "Well, you don't have to worry about that anymore. I say we deserve a big feast after the ruckus from yesterday!"

Hildr grumbles despite the smile on her face, "I hope you aren't doing this out of pity."

"I'm doing this to save you from Leonidas. If he finds out, he'll shove food down your throat… And I fear Gretel might join in."

Hildr shudders, "And I am going to the College with that beast… Next time we see each other, I might have white hair."

Aurelia should feel jealous that Leonidas will be alone with another woman… But all she felt was pity for Hildr.

"Just give him another target to torture?" Aurelia suggests with a nervous smile, and Hildr sniffs before shrugging.

It might help. A little.

Maybe.

It's not often that one has a nearby Krosis to sacrifice to Leonidas and enjoy the humiliation and suffering he unleashes upon that poor lamb.

"I meant to ask…" Hildr starts, drawing Aurelia's attention, "But do you know who Leonidas used to be before…" Before he died and came back as an Undead.

Aurelia shakes her head with a frown, "He doesn't remember his name, and just came up with one on the spot when we first met."

Hildr hums, "I doubt he was just a normal guy before… No one with that amount of knowledge about everything can be normal."

Aurelia had to agree on that. "I want to know more about his past, but… I don't think it's the right time. Not now, nor for a long time."

Hildr gives her a confused look while snatching a dagger from the hands of Gretel, who had just stolen it from a guard that walked past them a second ago.

"Due to how he is… Leonidas has not slept, or eaten, in nearly over a month." A lone eye widens in realization and horror at Aurelia's words. "So… Can I ask you to keep an eye on him, while you two are at the College?"

"He is always the same goofy idiot I know and love, so it's not hard to notice any changes in his personality if being constantly awake takes a toll on his mental state."

Hildr hums, lone eye narrowed in thought, then she nods slowly, "It's the least I can do. You two have helped me a lot, more than you can possibly imagine, and more than I can possibly repay."

Aurelia startles, "You don't have to repay us for anythin-!"

"I know, but I just-" Hildr cuts off Aurelia sharply, then breathes in and sighs deeply, "You two are nice and wonderful people, and I haven't seen Gretel so happy in a long time. Hell, even I haven't been so happy in a long time."

"So I want to repay you two, one way or the other."

Rough on the exterior, but sweet and warm on the inside. That is the impression Aurelia has of Hildr. An impression she very much likes.

With a warm smile on her face, Aurelia wraps an arm around Hildr's shoulders and brings her in a light hug, "You can always repay Leo by giving him a victim!"

"And I can repay you by giving you an Undead to erase from existence?"

"Oh my, you know me so well already!"

….​

A way to repay her benefactors.

It was a thought stuck in a loop within Hildr's head since after the battle against the Dragon Priest.

Leonidas and Aurelia were kind. Too kind, and with no ulterior motives. The two had clearly grown attached to her little sister, and Hildr… Hildr was starting to regard them as more than just acquaintances.

And she wanted to repay their kindness. Their help.

They protected her little sister from the murderers that she didn't even know had come for her, then made it so that Hildr could pursue her dream and go to the College, while leaving Gretel somewhere she was going to love.

And that's when a brazen idea hits her mind. A very brazen and possibly dangerous idea.

One that, despite her better judgment, she goes through with.

After the purchase of a live chicken, and then a swift retreat inside an empty guest room she'll clean up later, Hildr takes a deep breath before performing the ritual.

The neck is snapped, the belly is opened, and the organs are given as offering to her Lord Hircine. She knows very well that he loves chicken organs quite a lot.

"Lord Hircine…" She prays, eye closed, "Please grant me this humble request."

Silence is her answer.

Until she opens her eye, and finds herself within a long, seemingly endless valley. A bright sun above, bright clear grass below.

A lone deer stared back at her from a hill ahead of her. Her Lord's presence within this domain.

Taking a deep breath, Hildr follows after the deer, knowing that this was just her consciousness being pulled within another realm.

The deer stares at her as she approaches, then turns and walks down the hill together with Hildr, whose lone eyes snaps from the deer that is her Lord to the robed woman sitting at the edge of a small pond.

The robed woman with a staff in hand looked utterly unremarkable… Yet she also looked oh so perfect and beautiful at the same time.

Curly honey colored hair framed a freckled face, and eyes as black as the abyss slowly turn to regard her presence with a small amount of curiosity within them.

"So, you are the child that wishes to strike a deal with me?"

Hildr's mouth goes dry as those light words make her very being tremble.

Still, she allows herself to nod very, very slowly. Pure determination filling her flesh and blood.

"Yes, Lady Vaermina."

Because, one way or the other, she'll grant that dumbass of a Draugr the ability to sleep.


A.N. Dun Dun Duuuuun!

Now, can anyone guess what Vaermina might ask Hildr to do?
A little hint- In lore, Vaermina is said to have strong connections to a certain Spirit.

So yeah, last chill chapter, and the next one will have the travel towards their respective destinations. And the chaos Leo unleashes on the way, of course.

And remember, if you wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of this one, then hop on over to my !

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Hope you all enjoyed the chapter, folks!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta, Daniil and 1,653 others
Musashi-Chan
Oct 28, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 23
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Nov 12, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,752
Hircine wasn't one to willingly go and seek out his fellow Princes.

He prefers being secluded, focusing on his Hunts and his worshipers on Nirn, than interacting with the other Princes of his own free will.

If they come to him first, for one reason or the other, then he won't turn them away – Unless it's Sheogorath – and always takes care of his end of the struck deal.

So color him surprised when one of his most beloved children requests him to try and get in contact with Vaermina so to strike up a deal.

He was proud, he can openly admit that. In his eyes, it was like an ant trying to strike a deal with a sabertooth cat. The courage Hildr shows always reminds him why he blessed her Ancestors all those years ago.

Blessed with Lycanthropy, each of her Ancestors were natural born hounds that relished in their hunts, and had control over their Werewolf form that few could rival.

And then Hildr was born, blessed way more than all of her other Ancestors. Too much power for a little pup to safely learn how to use.

Born with great magical might and immense potential with her Lycanthropy… It all went wrong when her Magic and her Werewolf form merged, making her unable to keep her thoughts clear, and easily overwhelm and slay her parents before her grandmother blinded one of her eyes to make her come back to her senses.

Gretel was the same as her older sister, but lacked the innate magical talent and was a simple natural-born hound.

At two years old, she hunted and snapped the neck of a rabbit within the first five minutes of catching its scent.

At three years old, she disemboweled a deer within seconds of catching sight of it.

And at four years old, she overwhelmed a brown bear in her Werewolf form and feasted upon its flesh while offering its heart to him.

That was one of the many reasons those two children were his favorites.

His gaze remained locked on the bowed form of his child, pride filling his being at seeing her old sharpness slowly return.

Truly, that undead fool deserved way more than just one of his best hunters as a reward.

"Whatever your request is, I shall do my best to achieve it." Hildr promises as her head remains bowed towards the robed woman that is Vaermina. And a promise from one of his children means a lot.

"I know you will." Vaermina sniffs, her distant gaze flicking away to stare towards the horizon, "Hircine's children are known to keep their promises, after all."

Slowly, the robed woman stands, her dark clothes whipping through the air from a non-existent wind, "Though, you currently lack the strength to achieve the task I have for you." Pitch-black eyes turn to regard Hildr, who has no reaction at seemingly being called 'weak'. "Even if that Undead friend of yours were to join you, you still wouldn't be capable of achieving this task."

This time Vaermina's words do bring a reaction out of Hildr. The rust-haired woman's lone eye widens at that information.

Leonidas was an utter monster in her mind. A man capable of changing simple Spells on a whim, and turning them into powerful monstrosities that can slay Dragons with ease.

And even with his help, she wouldn't be able to complete this task?

Still, she grits her teeth, "What do I need to do?" She questions, lifting her gaze to stare into those abyss-like eyes staring at her without emotions in them.

Vaermina keeps her gaze on Hildr for a few quiet, yet eternally long seconds, before letting out a long drawn out hum and turning away, "There is an… Ancient artifact, sealed and buried inside an ancient city, and guarded by an army of ancient Draugr that have grown infinitely stronger due to being in the general vicinity of said Artifact."

Hildr furrows her brows, "So… You want me to bring you this Artifact?"

The answer from Vaermina surprises her, "No." Hildr blinks at that, very surprised, "I care not what you do with it once you obtain it. I only care that you unseal it and bring it out of that city. Simple as that."

Hildr narrows her lone eye, feeling like this deal was too good to be true. Clear difficulty of the task given aside, it just sounded too good to be true.

Her eye then flickers back to the deer that is the avatar of her Lord, who slowly nods the deer head at her. That simple action relieves her of all of her worries instantly, so she bows her head once more.

"You should question your Undead friend about Saarthal." Vaermina suggests, ignoring the flinch from Hildr, "I'm sure he knows plenty about it, and the Artifact I want you to unseal."

Flexing her jaw, Hildr lets out a sigh through her nostrils before nodding, "Understood." Slowly, she stands and straightens herself and locks eyes with Prince of Dreams. "And once I manage to free this Artifact, you'll grant Leonidas the ability to sleep once more?"

"Indeed." Vaermina nods, a smile gracing her freckled face, "No tricks, no hidden agenda. Free the Artifact, and your friend shall be able to sleep once more, even as an Undead being."

Hildr allows herself to relax even further, a smile gracing her own features before she bows deeply, "You have my deepest thanks, Lady Vaermina."

A faint laugh leaves the Prince's lips, "Go on now, child. Just know that this task is far more difficult than you may realize." Hildr nods grimly, then bows towards the silent deer that is Hircine's avart.

Who, with a simple flex of his powers, sends his child back to Nirn, not even a second having passed there since her appearance within this simple domain created for this short meeting.

With Hildr now gone, Hircine turns to regard his fellow Prince with a scrutinizing gaze, "Why do you wish to free that thing?" He questions, remembering that Vaermina had a form of relationship with Magnus, the architect of Nirn.

Vaermina's gaze is distant, and when she speaks, her voice is quiet, "Don't you find it hypocritical of us?" The deer that is his current avatar tilts its head at her question, "The way we partake on Nirn, on its people, on its wildlife and everything else it has to offer… When we refused to even help in its creation?"

Hircine's thoughts halt for a moment due to Vaermina's words.

He still remembers that day, when Lorkhan came to them seeking to create Nirn, trying to persuade them with flowery words and grand promises.

Many agreed to that plan, and many more abstained from giving assistance… And in the end, Nirn was not completed.

Magnus realized the trickery, realized he was dying, and pierced a hole through the sky of Nirn to leave, becoming its Sun, while the others became the stars in the night sky.

Yet… Magnus had never truly given up on completing that work.

He did leave Nirn, and has long since disappeared and gone quiet… But he also left something behind.

A part of him.

His Heart.

That thing, releasing endless amount of Magicka, was modified in a way that it would keep working to sustain and work towards slowly completing Nirn, keeping it alive and flourishing.

Yet, it had been sealed away, so it wasn't working as efficiently.

And now that Hircine thinks about it… Magic had deteriorated greatly since that part of Magnus had been sealed. Way less talented magicians born, less breakthroughs in magical studies compared to before. He found it peculiar.

Perhaps, it was also Magnus's way to give the inhabitants of Nirn a gift. A part of his will, making sure his passion is shared and flourishes.

"You regret not accepting Lorkhan's request, don't you?" Hircine questions as he gazes at his fellow Prince, "...You miss him. Magnus."

Vaermina's gaze remains distant. Unreadable. Sometimes, the woman reminds him of Sheogorath with how her real motives and desires are basically unknown to all.

"I made a choice, so I must live with the consequences of it." Her eyes close, and a slow breath leaves her lips, "But remember this, Hircine… Without Nirn, we would be nothing."

"Our Domains are only relevant because of it." And with those parting words, Vaermina disappears within the blink of an eye.

Hircine hated how right she was.

Yes, there are countless other dimensions and planes of existence… But none really matched the beauty of Nirn.

All of his Hunters, all of his Hounds, all of his children and worshipers… They all come from Nirn.

The plane of existence he was in collapses as the Prince of the Hunt returns to his own hunting grounds, pride filling his form at the sight of his Hounds and Hunters feasting upon the flesh and organs of the filth that dared try to go after his precious Gretel.

Now he too was regretting not accepting Lorkhan's offer.

Though… Hircine's gargantuan form turns as he beholds his hunting grounds, the seemingly endless valleys and mountains and forests, rivers and lakes and oceans, all looking normal to him.

Yet he still felt like something was… off.

Turning once more to take in the rest of his domain, Hircine's form comes to a halt when his gaze lands on something that is not meant to be there. Something that all of his Hunters and Hounds also take notice off at the same time as he does.

There, in an empty valley, lay a mountain.

A mountain of molten cheese.

Shaped like an equine phallus.

Hircine felt like he might pop a vein as Sheogorath's insane cackling started ringing out all across his Realm.

This is because he interacted with Leonidas, isn't it?

Fucking Sheogorath…


xxxXXXxxx​


"Stalhrim?" Teeba-Gei, the Argonian member of the Whiterun Merchant Guild, questions softly at my request, "You wish to buy Stalhrim?"

I nod, robed arms crossed before my chest, "A good amount of it too, if possible." It's a material that is basically fit for me. I'm sure the effects here are way better than in the game.

In the game, Stalhrim made all Ice-Type Enchantments on gear and armor twenty-five percent stronger, stacking up with all the other buffs and stuff.

I couldn't find anything on it here, but that doesn't mean I cannot gain some and see how it fits me.

I want to request for a weapon, staff and armored robes to be made for me using that material, since my current stuff isn't of really high grade and capabilities.

My Magistone Staff is a great help, but I am still a squishy Undead that is very easy to break and snap like a twig. While I can't do much about it with armor, I gotta focus on pure Offense.

By boosting my offensive capabilities, I can protect myself even better. My now named Draconian Howl is pure firepower, but I should also start focusing a lot on my Cryomancy.

While Draconian Howl barely uses much of my quite large Magicka Reserves, it is not something that I can use when close to my allies.

I can deal with the Sonic Boom, their fleshy bits can't.

Plus, my Cryomancy is very versatile. Making it stronger will help me a lot in the long run.

Speaking of Cryomancy; I just got Winter's Wrath, but I feel like I might need to Evolve it already. It's… too messy, as it hits even my allies.

While I, like any normal dude, loves massive AoE Spells and destruction, I would also like to have control and not just place an environmental hazard that can fuck up even those that I do not want to hit.

Something to think about, especially since it'll require nine Souls to Evolve it again.

I can tell that Spell Evolution takes my thoughts and desires into account, hence why Winter's Wrath came out like that due to my wanting a large scale Spell that could hit a massive target like the titanic Dragon from Falkreath.

"I see…" Teeba-Gei's snake-like tongue flicks out to wet the scales of his lips as he hums in thought, "I believe you have been to Falkreath recently, yes?"

I tilt my head in confusion at the strange question, but nod nonetheless.

"The people of Solstheim are even worse than them." Oh for fuck's sake… "So we, unfortunately, have no Stalhrim in stock."

I sigh and sag my shoulders at that, "And it's not possible to get some?"

At that, Teeba-Gei gives me a fanged grin, "I never said that." There's a reason I like this dude. "Money can make move the greed of many seasoned warriors… And even rouse the greed of those that do not like outsiders."

"Then you can acquire some?"

"Give me a month, and I shall have a cart full of Stalhrim for you." Yeah, this dude is a fucking legend.

"You're the best, Teeba!" I clasp his hand in an eager handshake at his bold yet confident promise, "How many Septims are we talking?"

Teeba-Gei chuckles in a way that makes me feel bad. For the folks of Solstheim, that is. "Solstheim is entirely cut off from Skyrim, thriving on a self-sustaining economy from their own fertile lands, fishing and cattle… So prices there are laughably low."

Oh… Oh I can tell what he is plotting.

"I can get you a cart full of Stalhrim at a lower cost than a measly iron sword at a nearby blacksmith."

Yep, this dude is my best bud.

"Why haven't you done this before?" I question, and Teeba-Gei instantly looks sheepish.

"...I may have forgotten about this old plan of mine due to the whole Dragon issue."

Entirely understandable.

"Oh yeah, how's the situation with the merchant routes now?"

"Not bad, but not too good either." Teeba-Gei sighs, "The Empire has the roads leading up to Skyrim covered and well guarded, but beyond that… Trolls, bandits, and maybe even Dragons. Risks are rising, and so are prices."

And the fact that I cannot help irks me a little bit.

I'll have to check at the College, but I want to see if there's anything that allows teleportation over great distances. It could help a lot, if it's possible.

"That aside, is there anything else I may help you with, my friend?"

I hum, then stop myself before giving Teeba-Gei a negative response, "You sell Spell Tomes here, right?" I question, and the Argonian nods with a smile and flick of his tongue. "Anything on Ash Magic?"

"We do have some indeed." Teeba-Gei answers, though he does tilt his head curiously, looking very much like a scrutinizing snake, "But are you not a Frost Mage?"

I chuckle and wave my hand, "It's not for me, but for a friend who uses Fire Magic." A noise of understanding, then a nod.

"We don't have many – Five in total, if I remember one." I nod myself, "One of each, I presume?" He knows me well.

I might as well treat Hildr well since I'll be annoying her plenty soon enough.

Soon, I left the Merchant Guild with my new purchase, having barely spent much on all five tomes. Something tells me that Ash Magic isn't very developed just yet.

Still, the Spells aren't that bad. Ash Burst, a Spell to create a large fog of flammable ash to either cover sight or… well, set alight in a very explosive way.

Ash Bullet, which is similar to the Burst one, just weaker and able to be shot like a projectile. Packs a punch, especially since the ash is flammable, and also very hot.

Ash Blast, a far stronger and larger scale form of the Bullet one.

Ash Cloud, which is basically a far greater and more intense form of the Burst Spell. Then, finally, Caustic Ash, a very dense and thick cloud of ash that can be best described as a pyroclastic cloud.

You know, the thing that turned Pompeii into a graveyard of statues.

Good thing my dumbass is already dead, cause I know for a fact Hildr is gonna use this shit on me one of these days.

Almost without even thinking about it, my right arm reaches out to grab the back of Gretel's clothes, then effortlessly lift her in the air even as her little legs keep running.

"What are you doing?" I question flatly as her legs still keep running in the air, her gaze now focused on me. Her arms? Wrapped around a large pile of raw dry aged sausages.

She smiles innocently at me, "Going home after making a purchase, of course!" What a little shit.

"You don't look like someone who just made a purchase, but someone who did something else." Her smile only widens, pure honesty in her eyes, not a care in the world on her face.

"Are you accusing me of having committed a crime?" Gretel questions me, and goddammit is this stupid brat adorable.

"Did you do a crime?"

"Would you believe me if I said no?"

"Will you say no?"

"Nah, I totally stole this shit, and am proud of it!" I fucking adore her. So goddamn much.

"I'm pretty sure me and Aurelia gave you money to buy whatever you want, you know?" And it wasn't a small sum either, because we both could never resist the desire to spoil this adorable brat.

Gretel sniffs, then shrugs, "Why waste money when everything can be free?" A fine outlook on life- No, wait, I should be teaching her to be good!

...Who am I kidding. I'm the worst possible influence on her.

"Stealing is a crime." I point out.

"Only if you get caught." Gretel points out right back.

"My, those are some fine sausages you bought with your allowance!" I set her down and pat her head, making her grin brightly and let out an adorable giggle.

Meh, the Jarl can handle this shit. And if she gets caught, she has my permission to go full Werewolf on the guards and cause mayhem.

"So, where are the ladies?" I question the little brat, who had already shoved a dry aged sausage in her mouth.

And it only takes her a few bites before downing the whole thing, "Big sis is back home, probably doing a quick offering for Lord Hircine!" Ah right, it's a daily thing of theirs. "Aurelia went to the temple of Arkay for a quick prayer, but she should already be back home."

Home, huh?

I've been here for barely two months, but I already have a place I can call that.

Despite being thrown here against my own will, I adapted quickly and found a lot of enjoyment. And a lovely lady to boot.

So it is very nice to have a place that I can call home. A place to belong to.

Hence why I'll try my hardest to make sure Whiterun stands and thrives as long as I… Breathe? Rot? Exist? Cause problems? Whatever.

"What do you think about Whiterun?" I ask Gretel, who is mowing through the stolen sausages like a feral beast who hasn't eaten in days. "Enjoying yourself?"

She looks at me while she has five pieces of dry aged meat between her teeth, her cute cheeks all round and puffed up from how much she is devouring at once.

And once again, it takes her just a few bites to gulp it all down, "It's very nice!" She laughs softly, relaxed and very happy, "Far better than Falkreath. That shithole always felt like… like a prison. So stiff, so stuck in the old ways and beliefs and fears."

I pat her head, and she cutely leans into the touch, "Not that many folks for you to torture, huh?" She grunts and sniffs, as if confirming my question.

"I mostly hated that place due to how they treated Big Sis. She loves magic, and they treated her like she was fucking diseased." A low growl escapes her lips, containing all of her anger and disgust, "And then they had the audacity of being angry and confused when I'd shank a son of a rabid skeever at least once a week with a fuckin' rusty dagger."

I can understand her pain. Dealing with Nords can be very difficult. Most of them are basically dumb barbarians, and you'd surprised if one could do a simple two plus two or even count to ten.

They put fighting before education, and prefer swords to Magic. While hatred towards Magic isn't as widespread right now as I am sure it was in the past, it's still not something that is easily accepted.

There is fear, mistrust, hate and disgust, and it isn't even surprising that the major source of all of this for the Nords are actually the Thalmors.

Some move on, like the many people of Whiterun and those that fought alongside me against Krosis or Mirmulnir, and who now openly call me 'Brother' or 'Friend' when we walk by each other instead of 'Spell-Flinger'.

For Nords, respect and trust is earned through battle. By fighting alongside each other, and not standing behind an army and launching Spells.

And because I, a Mage, shoved my arm up a Dragon's asshole and blew it the fuck up, I gained the respect of all of Whiterun. To the point that now the soldiers use that as a strategy to win against Dragons.

I am not even sorry. I'm actually proud.

"Well, your sis won't get bullied with me around." I assure Gretel, "Pretty sure I'll have to fist fight her Familiar to get to whoever tries to talk shit to her, though…"

It shall be a mighty battle where I'll get folded within the first five seconds.

"You better protect her while you two are at the College, alright?" Gretel pretty much orders me, a cute glare in her eyes, "Anyone insults her? I want them dead in a ditch within five seconds. Anyone tries to hit on her? I want 'em- Meh, she ain't gonna get hit on."

Now that's just rude and evil. But I guess that's a sibling.

"Why do you say that? Hildr is very beautiful." And that is very true, Hildr is an incredible beauty.

Aurelia is more of that refined, cool and radiant beauty, while Hildr is that rough, snarky and violent gal.

Gretel gives me a weird look at my words, "You're a weird dude."

"You just realized that?"

"Nah, it clicked in when ya went all 'crackhead mode' on those fuckers back in Falkreath." She giggles happily at that, "You fuckin' tied one of 'em bitches to a horse! Hah!"

I snort myself, "I'm not the one that bounced on a certain bastard's nuts with utter glee."

"I shit you not, I swear I heard and felt one of 'em pop while I was stompin' on them!" Oof, that poor fucker… He should suffer through that a couple billion times more.

"You're a national treasure, Gretel." I chuckle and pat her head fondly, bringing another cute giggle out of her, "Never change."

"Just national? I must work harder then!"

I laugh at that, "Fuck domestic violence, let's go international!"

"You took the words right outta my fuckin' mouth!"

Yeah, this girl is a goddamn treasure.

"I meant to ask, but why do you swear so much?" I don't mind it. Every person has their own peculiar thing and whatnot.

Plus, in my opinion, this makes Gretel cuter.

"Apparently, it's a family thing." Gretel hums, then shrugs, "Trust me, my granny had such a foul mouth that Lord Hircine actually stopped speakin' to her. I'm not joking."

What in the actual fuck…?

"I've heard from one of our neighbors that when granny was young, a guard tried hitting on her, and she insulted him so badly that the guy left Skyrim the very next day. Like, just packed his shit and left."

What a goddamn legend… That woman could have thrived in the Call of Duty lobbies.

"You got one hell of a family, huh?" Gretel puffs her chest out proudly at that, another sausage locked between her teeth. Adorable brat.

Soon enough, we finally reach home, with the inside being filled with light chatter from Hildr and Aurelia, both women in the kitchen and preparing food for themselves and Gretel.

"I am back and ready to become a headache!" I call out, instantly evoking two loud groans from both women. A truly warm and lovely welcome home!

"My smile disappeared so fast." Hildr grunts out, lying through her teeth as I can see a fain smile on her face. Her gaze then flickers down towards Gretel, still holding a few sausages in her arms.

Both sisters stare at each other for a few quiet seconds before Hildr speaks up, "I'm spanking you later, you little shit."

Gretel lets out an indignant squawk, "He bought them for me!" She points a small finger at me, desperation within her eyes as she lies as easily as she breathes, not an ounce of shame on her face.

I give Hildr a thumbs up, "Yup, totally did."

The rust-haired woman gives me a very flat gaze, "Gretel only looks smug after stabbing someone, or after stealing something." Her gaze flickers towards the sausages that Gretel is now trying to hide behind her back. "She is holding the stolen goods right now."

I drop my thumbs up and look at Gretel, "You're on your own, brat."

"Fuck you!"

Hildr glares at me with her lone eye, "You're lucky you are already dead, else I'd be chocking you for lying to cover for her."

I gasp in excitement at that, "Crush my skull between your thighs and I'd be happy to die a second time!"

Hildr stumbles and crashes into the table of the living room at my words, her face going redder than her hair as she chokes on her, words failing her.

"LEO!" Came Aurelia's indignant scream, her head peeking out of the kitchen, her long hair tied in a high ponytail, "Stop being a degenerate!"

"You're asking me to stop being me, woman!"

"I will hit you!"

"Jokes on you, I can't feel that shit! And your God blessed me so I can't feel Holy Light either!"

The scream Aurelia lets out is downright feral, and I end up with a wooden spoon lodged into my skull not even a second later.

I just ignore it and turn back towards Hildr, who is coughing her lungs out and still recovering from my shameless words, with Gretel staring at her sister in utter shock, "First time I've seen her like this…"

I hum and pull the wooden spoon out of my skull, "Has she never been hit on?" I ask out of pure curiosity.

"Oh no, she has." Gretel nods and turns towards me, "Dude had big guts, called her beautiful and all, put his arm around her shoulders too. Big Sis just set him on fire."

Why does this family use violence to answer everything?

"W-We don't talk about that, Gretel…" Hildr coughs out, face still flushed as she throws a nasty glare my way, "Must you say such things in front of my little sister?" Would you look at that! A loophole in her words!

"Oh, so if we were alone, it would be fine?" A wooden fork is lodged into my skull this time, courtesy of Aurelia once more. I can see her breathe flames and glare lighting my way from the kitchen while making threatening gestures.

All of them are about killing me, of course.

Of course, my words make Gretel cackle as Hildr chokes on air once more, face going as dark as her hair again, "W-What the fuck is wrong with you!?"

"A lot of things." I shrug, "Want me to start in alphabetical order? We might need a couple days to go through everything though."

Seeing the embers spark to life in Hildr's hands, I am quite sure that she is about to throw a fireball at my face.

Quick! Discombobulate!

"Catch!" I shout and throw the books wrapped in cloth and thin ropes at her without warning, hitting her in the stomach and making her release an 'Oof!' noise.

Still, she grabs them before they could fall from the ground, her "What the fuck is wrong with you-" being cut short when she notices what is actually wrapped in the cloth. "Are these… Spell tomes?"

My shoulders sag at her soft, near fragile tone of voice. "Yup." I pop the 'p', my tone light and happy, "Ash Magic, very flammable. A good fit for your Fire Magic, if you can learn these Spells." Though I have a feeling she won't have much of a problem with that.

"Ash Magic?" Aurelia questions, stepping out of the kitchen while cleaning her hands, "I've never heard of that branch of magic before…"

I shrug as Hildr checks the books out with a lone wide eye, "It's probably new, or it just started spreading since it is from Solstheim. Apparently the people there are even worse than those in Falkreath." Both Gretel and Aurelia shudder at that, disgust etched on their faces.

Yep, nobody likes the old Nords. Maybe even their fellow Nords do not like them.

"Wait, where's this Solstheim?" Gretel suddenly asks, cute chubby face all scrunched up in curiosity.

"Kinda North-East of Skyrim, far out into the sea." I believe. It might be more East than North-East, but whatever. "Large island, used to be a part of Skyrim before a moron fucked around, found out, and got the shit beaten outta him so horribly that not only did he help create a new island, but he also had to get his ass saved by a Daedric Prince."

Miraak really went 'With this treasure I summon Daddy Mora!', what a pussy.

Still, he'll be a massive threat in the future, now that I think about it.

"These are amazing!" Hildr cries out, having gone through the general description of each Spell within this short span of time, her usually grumpy face now glowing with pure happiness and excitement, "They sound and look complicated, but they also fit me very well!"

That's good to know. Still, I wonder why the ash is flammable. A peculiarity of the magic, or perhaps it's just the ash of that volcano on Solstheim that is very flammable?

Something to figure out later on, I guess.

"Those are all the tomes the Merchant Guild had on Ash Magic, so if you want more you'll have to check if the College has some once we get there." I shrug and cross my arms, "Still, this should keep your mind occupied while we are traveling."

A lone green eye flicks up to meet my hidden ones, then narrows momentarily before Hildr sighs, arms and shoulders slumping, "You're an asshole."

I throw my hands in the air at that, "Why am I an asshole even when I do nice things?!"

"Just take it as a compliment like you always do, Leo." Aurelia laughs softly, giving Hildr a quick one-armed hug that the rust-haired woman leans into while hugging the spell tomes against her chest.

I scoff and childishly kick the ground. Meanies, the lots of 'em.

"Right, I…" Hildr starts, suddenly looking very nervous and hesitant, which draws my attention, "I have a question for you, Leonidas."

I tilt my head at her, curious but quiet, so I wave my hand to give her the go ahead.

"What's Saarthal?" I freeze at Hildr's question, "And what's the Artifact sealed there?"

I slowly uncross my arms, keeping my gaze firmly locked onto Hildr's nervous face as I do so.

She shouldn't know about this. About the Eye of Magnus. Saarthal might be common knowledge for all I care, but it might also not be.

So how did Hildr come to know about both of these things all of a sudden?

"Leo?" Aurelia speaks up at my silence, her voice tinged with a hint of nervousness.

I keep my gaze on the now very nervous Hildr as I tilt my head, "What did you do?" I question her, utterly serious, making her visibly flinch, "Gaining knowledge of Saarthal might be easy, but no one should know about the Artifact it holds." Aside from the Psijich Order bastards that take it for themselves while acting like holy saviors.

Aurelia snaps her gaze to Hildr, who wilts under our stares and starts to nervously rub at her left forearm with her right hand, "Hildr, what did you do…?"

A sigh escapes the woman's lips before she straightens herself, "I made a deal with the Daedric Prince Vaermina."

…

And I am the dumb fucking dude here.

I don't waste time with words. No, I just grab Gretel by the scruff of her neck, pick her up, then toss her towards Hildr with a "Gretel, I chose you!" cry.

Said girl instantly adapts, and with a feral cry of rage, she slaps her sister across the face with a half eaten sausage before they both fell to the ground.

Aurelia instantly looms over the downed and hissing Hildr, with Gretel using her weaponized sausage to wack her sister in the head repeatedly while hurling insults and slurs and other profanities. "Why would you ever do such a stupid thing, Hildr?"

With a grunt, Hildr shoves a hand in her sister's face and pushes her off so she could sit up, "I did it for Leonidas." I pause at that, pointing a finger at my face as she glares towards me, "By completing Lady Vaermina's task, she'll grant you the ability to sleep once more."

I freeze at that.

Sleep… I kind of gave up on being able to do that again. Or even eat, or feel things.

But I guess it was stupid of me to not try and reach out towards a Daedric Prince like Vaermina, who is clearly capable of fixing my issue.

They are clearly interested in me, and focused on both me and Aurelia both, so getting in contact with them should be easy.

Well, getting in contact with any that aren't Sheogorath. My brother from another mother is getting jumped by everyone to try and keep us two away.

It shall not last.

"Wow, you managed to leave Leo speechless…" Aurelia mutters aloud, a wide beaming and very happy smile on her face.

"I'm just thinking about the war-crimes I will unleash upon her flesh and mind."

"I take that back. Don't let Leo think. Never." Why must you look so horrified, my dear Aurelia?

Hildr snorts, "Your presence is torture enough, thank you very much." That's kinda fair too.

Still, I sigh and rest my hands on my hips. "You didn't have to do that, you know?"

The rust-haired woman nods with a frown, "I didn't have to, but I wanted you." She states firmly as she stands and straightens herself, "Lord Hircine may have rewarded for your help, but I wanted to repay you myself, one way or the other."

Gently, Aurelia rests a hand on Hildr's shoulder with a warm smile on her beautiful face, "We didn't do it because we wanted you to owe us, Hildr. We are just happy you and Gretel are both safe."

Hildr grunts, her face slightly flushed and her lone eye a bit red and teary, "It's not just that!" Her voice cracks lightly at the end, making her take a quick deep breath to calm herself, "It's everything else! All this! Gretel being able to do what she loves, and me being able to follow my dream!"

"You just can't grant our dreams like that and expect me not to want to repay you!"

With a gentle and warm smile, Aurelia easily moves in and brings Hildr into a tight hug, allowing the woman high on emotion to let out a light sob and hug her tightly right back.

If I could, I'd be smiling until my face hurt right now, so instead I settle myself with patting Gretel on the head.

She is quiet, but with the way she is playing with her skirt and looking down, I know that she feels the same way as her sister, but just has more trouble in showing it.

"What's this Saarthal place, Leo?" Aurelia asks instead as she soothes Hildr, letting the woman work off her bottled up emotions quietly.

"Ancient capital of Skyrim, founded by the first Atmoran settlers, progenitors of the Nords, Imperials, Bretons and the Nede." I recount off the top of my head as I cross my arms, "When they first settled here, they uncovered an ancient and powerful Artifact, and built a city around it."

"But the native Snow Elves of Skyrim, who either coveted it or held it dear due to their culture, led a massacre upon the city known as the Night of Tears and took it over… Though Ysgramor, one of the first Atmoran settlers, managed to escape, then returned with the Five-Hundred Companions."

"With the help of a powerful and talented Enchanter called Ahzidal, the Five Hundred Companions led what can only be called a genocide, slaughtering the Snow Elves in the ensuing war."

Ahzidal… Poor dude. Lost himself to revenge and hunger for power after his family in Saarthal was slaughtered while he was away, then even after helping Ysgramor and his Companions, he still couldn't give up his hunger for power and went mad.

Which led to him becoming a puppet of Hermaeus Mora.

Why does it feel like that bastard is actively building a damn army?

"So the original Companions led the Snow Elves to extinction?" Gretel asks curiously, then blinks in surprise when I shake my head.

"They are still alive, but you know them by a different name now." Hildr, now recovered, regards me with an equally curious look, "You call them the 'Falmers' now."

The sheer shock and horror at my reveal is nearly palpable. Weird, i thought it was common knowledge... Huh.

Seems like it's not really widespread knowledge what happened to the Falmers. Some well learned sorts might know, but not many in Skyrim actively read books.

Few probably know that the Falmers were the former Snow Elves, and that their loss against the Companions led them to willingly let themselves be enslaved by the Dwemers.

Then, when the Dwemers went 'Watch this shit-!' and popped out of existence, they left the blind Snow Elves to themselves.

Inbreeding, living underground, and who knows how many more problems and things led to them not even being able to talk and become crazed beasts that kill without a second thought. And do a lot more disturbing shit too.

"Those… horrifying news aside." Hildr gulps, then shakes her head to recover some color on her pale face, "What's this Artifact in Saarthal?"

I hum and lean back, "It's called the 'Eye of Magnus'. It is a large spherical object that releases an unlimited amount of Magicka without stop."

I know Vaermina is usually described as a mage, but why would she want the Eye of Magnus?

Aurelia gulps aloud, "A-An unlimited amount of Magicka…?" I nod, making her face grow even paler than it usually is. "I guess that could be why a Daedric Prince would want it, then…"

I go to nod, but Hildr instantly cuts in, "Lady Vaermina doesn't want this 'Eye of Magnus'." She reveals, stunning me a lot, but also making me quite happy. "She just wants it to be 'unsealed'."

Unsealed? I do know that it is locked in Saarthal, but I wouldn't call it sealed… Unless something is different here.

"Fuck, the Undead near that damn thing are going to be juiced up on Magicka…" I mutter aloud, cupping my chin in pure horror.

Swole Undead breathing and shitting out pure Magicka. Those bastards are going to be able to throw down with a Dragon and win without a problem.

"Where's this place, by the way?" Aurelia questions, making me perk up and throw away those terrifying thoughts.

"Oh, it's actually close to the College of Winterhold. I'm sure that they are already funding the excavation to find and reach the city at this very moment."

I saw no news on it being already found and discovered, so I'd say it'll take another month or two before the place pops up and we can go explore it, so to get a feel of how dangerous it is.

"Huh…" Hildr slumps her shoulder, lone eye blinking with surprise, "That's a stroke of good luck, I guess…"

Quite, though I wonder what Vaermina wants with the Eye of Magnus being 'unsealed' as she so put it.

Well, it is said that she has a form of relationship with Magnus, but I do not know the extent of it. And it just leaves me questioning her motives even more.

"Oh, speaking of the College!" Aurelia suddenly perks up, as if remembering something, "Remember the Dragon Priest that is close to it too?" I tilt my head and nod her way, "I ran into Farengar while I was out and asked him if he knew about any peculiar location in the waters close to the College, and he did mention something curious."

"He said that, visible from the College, is an island with clear ruins on it. According to him, it used to be an ancient Gaol dating back to the Merethic Era."

A prison, huh? That's peculiar. "It must've been left behind after the battle that shattered Solstheim away from Skyrim." I mutter to myself, though Aurelia speaks up again.

"It's not all though." Her face and voice grows serious, "According to Farengar, no one ever had the guts to approach it, as they feel as if there is a terrifyingly powerful monster in those ruins."

Ah, like Dinok? That doesn't bode well.

So is the Gaol meant to hold this Dragon Priest… Or is a Dragon Priest the one that watches over it?

"I'll have to check it out when I get there, then." I muse, then pause when a knock rings out from the door.

Gretel hops forward and swiftly goes to answer, and I prepare myself to atomize a Delphine out of existence if it's actually her- Oh good, it's just Aela.

"Aela!" Gretel happily greets the woman with a wide grin, receiving a grin right back from her fellow redhead who pats her head.

"Hey there, little pup'." The archer woman greets warmly before her gaze flicks towards us and she nods in greeting, "Hope I'm not interrupting anything."

Aurelia shakes her head with a warm smile, "Not at all! Come on in!" Gretel eagerly drags Aela inside, with the woman not bothered at all from the attention the young girl gives her, "What can we do for you?"

"Oh, I'm more here for Hildr there." Aela states, making the older sister perk up, "Since we are all happy to take care for the little pup' here, we actually wanted to know what to train her in and what not to touch."

Ah right, Gretel wants to join the Companions. I'm surprised that they are already thinking about training her, though.

Hildr lets out a noise of understanding, "You're a Werewolf too, right?" The rust-haired woman questions, "I can smell it."

Aela blinks, then nods, "Quite a few members of the Companions are Werewolves. It's not common knowledge in Whiterun, but the Jarl does know, and so do the other Companions."

Huh, I didn't expect that. So they are quite open here.

Hildr nods, a light smile on her lips, "Then do you mind taking Gretel out for hunts? It's a ritual in our family, where we hunt for Lord Hircine at least once a day and give him an offering." I don't miss the slight bit of guilt in Hildr's voice and on her face.

She probably hasn't been able to hunt for Hircine as often due to having to take care of herself, her grandma and Gretel at the same time.

"An excuse to go out and stretch my Werewolf legs? You have yourself a deal!" Aela chuckles, her gaze lowering down to Gretel as she does so, "You got any control over your transformation, girl?"

Gretel nods with an excited grin, "Yup! I hunted plenty of Brown Bears back home!" Even Aela whistles at that.

"And you're not even fully grown… You girls blessed or something?" Surprisingly enough, Hildr actually nods with a proud smile.

"Our family is very blessed by Lord Hircine. In fact, six of my Ancestors were Champions of Hircine."

Aela's eyes blow wide open, both respect and surprise in them, "Hounds or Hunters?"

"Mix of both." Hildr answers, then nods towards Gretel, "She wants to become a Hound."

I do remember Hircine telling me that my new Minotaur buddy was one of his 'Hunters', though I do not know what it means. "What's the difference between the two?" I question curiously, drawing Aela's gaze to me.

"The Hunters, despite their name, are the savage warriors of Hircine." The Companion answers, "The Hounds instead are those that do the Hunts. The best trackers, the best senses, the best stealth – There is no target that they cannot find."

Huh, that sounds quite terrifying, but also very cool.

Oh right, now that Aela is here, I might as well give her that thing I wrote down.

I quickly excuse myself and go to my 'plotting room' with the map of Skyrim, then grab the small notebook I wrote through the night and set aside. Almost forgot I did this.

Once in my hands, I turn around to leave and rejoin the others, only to walk into something- No, someone.

"I'm so happy for you." Aurelia whispers softly, hugging me tightly, the door to the room partially shut for some privacy.

I falter slightly, both from surprise and from not knowing what to say exactly, so Aurelia speaks again, her voice oh so warm and gentle, "I know the lack of everything has taken a massive toll on you, and I am overjoyed that you'll soon be able to rest."

"I just wish I could have done more myself." She sighs and pulls back, her beautiful face so close to mine.

For a few short seconds, I just let myself take in all of her features. Drink in all of her beauty.

Her pale skin and hair, her near violet eyes, her soft looking and glossy lips, her small and cute nose- She is just beyond perfect in my eyes. I'll never grow tired of staring at her.

"I think you failed to grasp something." I start, my voice just as gentle as hers as my hands come up to grasp the ones resting on my shoulders.

"The only reason I've been able to stay sane for so long is because of you." And that is the truth.

It's because I've simply given her my whole attention, and used all the quiet and long nights to just think about ways to better help her, that I've been able to just ignore the fact that I do not sleep.

It's stressful. I am tired. I just want to sit down, close my eyes and sleep for entire days, but I can't, so I can only try and make sure that my first friend here and someone I've grown to adore deeply survives and thrives.

Aurelia's cheeks flush and her eyes redden at my words, her lower lip quivering momentarily before she pulls me back in for a tight hug once more.

I enjoy her presence and action, and lean into her embrace despite the fact that I cannot feel it.

We stay like that for a short minute before she swiftly pulls back, face all red and cute, so she turns around and moves her hair so to cover herself from my sight.

I still managed to burn the view into my very Soul.

I grab her hand, give it a quick squeeze, then let it go and walk back out first to rejoin Aela and the sisters, so to give Aurelia some time to get her bearings back.

"-Mammoths are off limits for a while. You can bring Gretel to hunt them only when you feel like she is ready." Gretel pouts angrily towards her sister, but a single glare from Hildr makes the little girl look down and kick the ground.

Aela winches at that, "Yeah, those bastards go down swinging. The Giants guarding them makes it more annoying." Reaching down, she gives Gretel a reassuring pat on the head, "Still, I'm glad I don't have to restrain her too much and can bring her on hunts."

I take that moment to speak up, "I've also got something for you." Aela perks up and turns to me, raising a lone brow when I offer her the small notebook, "I wrote down anything that will be useful to the Companions."

"Like the locations of the Silver Hand camps and bases, and the location of the Wuuthrad fragments!" The huntress nearly drops the notebook, her eyes going so wide that they might roll out, "Plus, a way to heal Lycanthropy without having to ask Hircine."

Pretty sure I already shared that one with them, but I did it all of a sudden and caught her off-guard, so I wouldn't blame her if she forgot.

I've added all I remember of their questline from the game in the notebook, coupled with all the things they will need to finish Wuuthrad and give Kodlak what he wants.

"How do you even know all this shit!?" Aela cries out, flicking through the notebook with near crazy eyes, "Do you know how valuable all this could be?!"

I shrug, "Meh."

I think she is ready to punch me in the face.

"Are you sure you're fine giving this to us for free, though?" The huntress questions softly, and I chuckle.

"I do have a small request. It's at the end of the notebook." I point out, and Aela swiftly flicks there to check it out, both of her brows going up at the sight of it.

All the Stalhrim I bought will be useless if it doesn't get used by a good Blacksmith, and the Companions might as well have the best Blacksmith in the whole of Skyrim.

Plus, the best forge.

I've already informed Teeba-Gei that the Companions can get their hands on the Stalhrim when it arrives, so there shouldn't be a problem.

"Well, this is easily manageable…" Aela hums, then punches my shoulder, "Thanks, dumbass. If I didn't know any better, I'd think you were trying to bed me."

Why do I feel Aurelia glaring holes through the back of my head?

"Still, will you be alright with dealing with the Silver Hand?" While the Companions are powerful, they do not really have numbers on their side.

I'd say there's at least two or three hundred of them in Whiterun, and I do not know if the Silver Hand has more members under their banner.

Aela nods, a vicious smirk on her lips, "We'll just have to call back all the others across Skyrim and the Empire. It'll take a month or two before we can move on these bastards, but we are willing to bide our time."

Especially since they will all gladly gather to go after the broken remnants of their Ancestor's weapon and reforge it. It'll be their lives greatest honor.

"Also, do be very careful." I warn Aela, making her narrow her eyes, "Once you start pressing the Silver Hand, they won't have problems attacking you right here, in the middle of the city."

It happened in the game, and there they stole the gathered Wuuthrad pieces and killed Kodlak, so if I can make them put their guard up and avoid such a situation, then even better.

Especially since Gretel will be around here, and I refuse to let her come to harm.

"Damn bastards…" Aela clicks her tongue, then shakes her head and gives me a grateful nod, then sending one towards Hildr and Aurelia, "I'll get going now. Best inform the others about this."

The girl cry out their goodbyes as Aela goes to leave, her eyes trailing along the notebook in her hands, before she comes to a halt in front of the doors.

"Why the fuck is there a list for 'Warcrimes that Gretel can unleash on Nazeem' in here?!"

I don't have time to answer before said girl does it for me.

By unleashing an ungodly screech and flying across the house to latch onto the now screaming Aela's face.

Damn, Gretel became a Face-Hugger…



….​



"Of all the things I expected to do today, talking with a dead man wasn't among them."

Balgruuf truly did not know what to expect when Irileth talked about a 'secret meeting' with an important person.

Now that the grand hall of Dragonsreach was vacated, and only his court mage and Irileth herself were left, he finally managed to lay eyes on the one he was supposed to meet.

Someone who he was sure was dead, for news of his demise had reached his ears not too long ago. When the Imperials conquered Dawnstar.

"News of my death were greatly exaggerated." Skald the Elder, former Jarl of Dawnstar, gruffly states as he takes a seat, "All on purpose, of course."

Balgruuf hums, finding himself at loss for words. "Do I speak to the Jarl of Dawnstar, or to a respected elder?"

Skald scoffs, "You speak to a ghost, my friend." Those words made Balgruuf relax a great deal, yet also filled him with so many questions.

"Then to what do I owe this visit?"

Balgruuf knows that Skald was one of Ulfric most staunch supporters. One of the few Jarls who openly admitted it, even.

He stood with Ulfric when the he cursed the Empire for banning the worship of Talos.

Stood with Ulfric when the man refused to let that law stand within his Hold.

Stood with Ulfric when the man aspired to become the next High King of Skyrim.

Yet… Things felt different now.

Crossing his arms above the table, the bearded elder gazes at the Jarl before him with fiery easy alight with determination, "I seek your aid in putting an end to this Civil War, Jarl Balgruuf."

Balgruuf blinks, then leans forward, forearms coming to rest on his knees as he did so, "I thought you supported Ulfric?"

Skald nods, a nasty glower on his aged face, "I did." He spits those words out with pure hate and disgust, "Until that bastard refused to put the Civil War on hold in order to deal with the Dragons first."

"Riften has been attacked thrice, and he did not lend aid. Solitude faced two attacks not too long ago, leading to the deaths of countless innocents, and he laughed."

Balgruuf breathes out at that, eyes wide. So many attacks, and he barely even got news of them…

They are becoming more frequent, it seems.

"I've struck a partnership of sort with the new Jarl of Dawnstar, Brina Merilis." Balgruuf remembers the woman. Fine warrior, and good head on her shoulders. "The Empire has been trying to gain a ceasefire to deal with the Dragons. A momentary pause on the Civil War, to deal with a bigger threat."

General Tullius was in favor of this, and his word was law among the Imperials in Skyrim, despite what Jarl Elisif might think.

"Ulfric keeps ignoring the Moot summons." Balgruuf states, one hand clenching into a tight fist. Just how stubborn can one man be? "He is the only Jarl ignoring the Moot summons."

Skald nods, gaze hateful, "I know. He told me." His gaze then turns to Irileth, making Balgruuf raise a brow, "Show it to him."

Turning his head, Balgruuf watches Irileth walk towards one of the empty tables in the hall, where a large cloth lay.

Her glowing eyes flick to meet his as her hand grasps the cloth, "Jarl Ulfric has sent this to you, my Jarl." The cloth is pulled away, and a war-ax is revealed resting upon the table.

A declaration of War.

A declaration of War against the neutral Whiterun.

Balgruuf finds his nostrils flare, pure rage filling his being as his muscles swell and his knuckles creak. "Ulfric has become quite daring, it seems."

He clearly wanted to control the Hold in the center of Skyrim, with the biggest Merchant Guild in it.

Fertile lands, impossible to ambush, and a perfect strategic position.

"That is why I want to kill him, Jarl Balgruuf." Skald reveals, stunning Balgruuf to the point where he forgets about his building rage, "He thinks my family is dead, killed during the taking of Dawnstar."

"He thinks I came to seek refuge and I am on his side." A cold, cruel chuckle leaves his lips, "I am sure I can convince him to accept the Moot summons if I try hard enough."

Crossing his hands together, Balgruuf narrows his eyes at the older man, "But what is your goal?"

Skald the Elder breathes in, looking oh so old and tired, "We need to gather our strength to fight back against the Thalmor. We need to prepare, not fight and kill each other like idiots."

"Ulfric doesn't understand that. He'll keep throwing bodies at the Imperials until he gets what he wants, making us weaker and the Thalmor stronger."

"By killing him, I can assure you that there will be a temporary hold on the Civil War, and it'll last until the Dragons are gone."

Taking in a deep breath, aged eyes full of determination land on Jarl Balgruuf.

"And during that time… Please, become the next High King of Skyrim."


A.N. Dun Dun Duuuuun!

I know that Skald is very different from his in-game self, but there's a reason for that.

Nords are all about fighting and helping each other, yet Ulfric does not embody that. He says he fights for the people, but only makes things worse.

When Alduin landed in Helgen, all he thought about was running away, while the Imperials openly fought against Alduin to keep the people safe. Ulfric didn't.

So yeah, certain things happened, and Skald became a wise elder and not the usual stupid elder.

This chapter was bigger than I thought, and I just had to add news about the rest of Skyrim. It'll happen more often in the coming chapters too.

Anyway, this is the last lull chapter. Next one is the travel and getting to the College/High Hrothgar. I think.

Also, I cannot wait to write about the Dragon Priest near the College. You guys will love him, I promise!

And remember, if you wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of this one, then hop on over to my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta, Daniil and 1,707 others
Musashi-Chan
Nov 12, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 24
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Nov 27, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,858
You know, when I put the idea in my empty skull to find or think up new Race Modifications, I expected that endeavor to take quite a while.

Not five fucking minutes while reading a damn book on Draugr I grabbed at the church of Arkay. Which, for some reason, sells book on Draugrs?

Mainly how they come to be, how their meaning changed with time, and even how their purpose grew different, so on and so forth.

Oh, and of course, the different types.

In the game, the higher the level of the player, the more different the Draugr became.

First they were simple, without any clothes or armor. Then they had armor, then helmets, then heavier weapons, then better quality weapons.

Here it is the same thing, with weapons and armors indicating the status and ranking of said Draugr, and what role they had.

For example, the Draugr with tattered robes and with nothing else – usually also gathered together in a large room – used to be slaves. Simple workers, meant to remain that even in Death.

Then after that are the Draugr Fighters, sporting rusty weapons and ruined leather armor. They were soldiers, and like the slaves, they were also gathered together in a large room.

Then the Draugr start getting a lot stronger.

The Restless Draugr – one that appears even in the game – is called that due to being a patrolling and very powerful Draugr in the crypt, unable to remain dormant and making it a very ferocious fighter.

Then the types of Draugr start growing more different, with some leaning towards Magic like the Draugr Warlocks and Spellcasters, or more towards stealth, showing that they were the owner of the crypt's personal assassins.

Those are called the Death-Stalkers, with some even being known and feared for being capable of casting Invisibility Spells on themselves.

Honestly, there are so many differing types of Draugr that it's quite baffling.

The most ancient can be recognized through their armor that also have quite a few dragon scales on them, showing that they used to be followers of the Dragons in life.

After that, there was a period of time where those buried were left in a way that they could be challenged, and that was mainly for their descendants.

Apparently, those who could defeat their Undead Ancestor will be the leader of their respective House or Clan during their life, and then become the next Draugr when their time comes.

It was a great honor for them, especially since they viewed it as keeping their descendants 'sharp', or something like that.

This style – while not famous – seems to still be in use according to the book, though it used to be very famous back in the Second Era, apparently.

Either way, the more I find out about Draugrs, the more complex they become.

Some are like that because of the titles or status they held in the past, while others are different due to the way they were born.

Certain Draugr used to be humans with very massive Magicka reserves, as there are some cases of people being born with that condition.

And that condition ends up causing them to… 'Mutate', for a lack of a better term, once and if they are turned into Draugrs.

The immense amount of Magicka inside of them, on Death, gains the Frost Attribute – people are either born with an Attribute to an element, or sometimes even two, making them better at using that type of magic – which can either further Mutate them, or not.

If it does Mutate them, then sometimes these Draugrs become buried in a massive coffin of dense ice. Other times instead, their bodies become frozen and harder than even steel, making them very troubling enemies to deal with.

And then, finally, there is the worst type of mutation caused by this, called the Frozen Monstrosity. A Draugr that becomes something akin to a Frost Atronach, just far, far deadlier and harder to deal with.

Then there are the mutations caused by Magicka, but not due to the Frost Attribute it gains on Death.

Basically, the overflowing Magicka of the Draugr just… juices 'em the fuck up.

They become tougher, faster, stronger. Fearless Berserkers that can hurl boulders and not flinch under the strike of a greatsword. These types of Draugrs are, in fact, called Draugr Berserkers.

Now, imagine that… Just way stronger, and mixed with the second type of Frost Mutation due to said Magic Attribute.

Those are appropriately called the Draugr Death Knights. Absolute fucking tanks that either take an army to take down, or are best left the fuck alone.

And guess what?

I have them as Race Modification.


Unique Race Modification Unlocked!

[Draugr Berserker]

No thoughts, just violence. A simple Undead, overflowing with Magicka that enhanced its seemingly frail-looking body, thus making it a nightmare for many unlucky fellows.

(10/10)


Unique Race Modification Unlocked!

[Death Knight]

A body clad in near unbreakable frost, and overflowing with Magicka that enhances its physical capabilities to the utmost limit. An unstoppable force that feels no pain and only seeks to kill.

(0/20)​


I managed to grab the first Modification, but I am seven Souls short for the Death Knight one, which will be an enormous boost to my capabilities.

It always irked me the fact that I am basically a glass cannon, capable of unleashing an immense amount of power through Spells, but a stack of cards in close combat.

If it weren't for my creativity – and insanity – I would never dare to get in close quarters of even a normal human, because they could fold my bony ass with ease.

Well, they could have in the past. Now I am quite a bit stronger.

"Leo?" I perk up when Aurelia's beautiful face peeks in through the doorway, her long hair tied up in a ponytail that just makes her even more beautiful to my eyes. "You done packing?"

I nod and throw the large sack over my shoulder without problem, "Yep, got everything important." Mostly the map and my notebooks on certain things to do, topics and approaching threats and whatnot.

While I trust Farengar and the Jarl to not come peek in and search my stuff, I'd still rather be sure. After all, the knowledge I hold is very fucking dangerous.

I'd rather not have an army of morons go to the Forgotten Vale in search of the Auriel Bow and Shield, only to never come back.

Divines know how fucking dangerous that place is in this Skyrim.

"Is Hildr ready?" I question, moving towards the door, feeling kinda sad that I'll leave this room behind for quite a while.

Aurelia nods with a warm smile on her face as she fully opens the door for me, wearing a casual outfit instead of her new armor, which is placed in the sack thrown over her shoulders alongside her greatsword. "She is telling Gretel what not to do while we are away."

"...That might take a couple of hours, if she's gonna be specific."

I point out, earning a giggle from the silver haired woman as I step into the living room, just in time to hear, "-no stabbing, no murder, no psychological torture-"

"What about putting rats into people's beds? Dead rats, to be specific. Live ones tend to wake the fuckers up before I can leave."

"That sentence has so many things that you must not do, for the love of Hircine." Hildr groans, face in her hands, looking ready to just die on the spot. "Don't break into people's homes, Gretel."

The young girl huffs and crosses her arms with a pout, "Then tell 'em sons of bitches not to leave the fuckin' door open!"

"She's got a point."

"Leo!" A smack to the head tilts my empty skull to the side, "Don't encourage her!"

"My very existence encourages her to do bad." I shrug, and Gretel nods with a big proud smile, earning heavy groans from Aurelia and Hildr both.

Stepping forward, I pat Hildr on the shoulder, "Let her live. She's young only once, and she has the Companions taking care of her in case she goes overboard."

Hildr furrows her brows, clearly very worried as the older sister, but she relents after a few seconds of internal struggle. "You're right." She agrees finally, shoulders sagging while Gretel gapes in shock.

Squatting down and with a warm smile on her face, Hildr brings Gretel in a tight hug while kissing her forehead and cheek, "Be a good girl. I'll miss you so much, my lovely gremlin." Gretel goes to say something snarky, as is per usual, but her words choke in her throat as her eyes redden and swell with tears.

She is still a kid, after all.

Her own small arms tightly hug her sister right back, her sniffling face digging into the nook of Hildr's back, "Write back lots, or I'll be angry…" Gretel threatens, her voice soft and sad.

Sometimes I forget that Gretel is super fucking smart. She is young, yet she can already read and write without problem. It is something quite shocking in Skyrim.

Even Aurelia, by her own admission, said that she was confident in her writing only in her late teens, while Gretel already has got that down.

Props to Hildr, who taught Gretel how to do all that. The only children in Whiterun that can compare are probably the sons and daughters of nobles, or of Balgruuf himself.

Education here is basically something for the rich, unfortunately. It is more spread in the Empire though, where there are schools very similar to Earth.

Hildr chuckles, her own voice sounding quite hoarse, "Every week, I promise." Breaking the hug, Hildr plants another kiss on Gretel's forehead before pulling back.

Wiping her tears, the little brat turns to cutely glare my way, "Take care of my big sis, 'kay?" I chuckle at her, "And if someone tries to hurt her, fuck 'em up real bad!"

I salute the adorable gremlin, "Aye, captain." She sniffs and nods proudly, little fists on her hips.

Aurelia leans forward, sweet smile on her face and hands on her knees – and goddamn that view from the back "I left you plenty of your favorite snacks in the canteen, and that stew you liked in the kitchen. It's enough for today and tonight."

Gretel's smile starts downright glowing at that, and she swiftly moves to give Aurelia a big and tight hug, which the woman happily reciprocates, "You're the best, 'Relia!"

"And remember what I told you!" I remind Gretel, who perks up with a ferocious grin as she breaks the hug with Aurelia, both adult women now looking very worried.

"I do remember it!" Gretel sniffs, "Word for word!"

"Prove it."

Gretel nods and crosses her little arms, "So, when I find Nazeem, I'll call him a 'Spear chucking, vine swinging, koolaid drinking, big back gorilla looking, chicken bone sucking, hell cat driving, midnight disappearing, burnt elbows havin', colonized shop-lifting middle passage, big-lipped, bug-eyed big ass forehead havin'-"

"Okay, that's enough." Hildr starts dragging me away from the collar of my robes, and I cheerfully wave at the giggling Gretel, "I understood nothing of what she was saying, but I can tell that it's nothing good."

I snort and give Gretel a thumbs up. This was just to annoy Hildr, not to bother Nazeem.

That, I shall leave in her good hands.

Hopefully, Whiterun still stands by the time we come back.


….​


"You know, I never asked this before, but… From where do you two come from?" Hildr asks from her horse, the steed running alongside ours.

Her question makes me lift my gaze from the notebook I was holding, making me notice that we have already reached the pass between Shearpoint and High Hrothgar, with the horses now following the road straight towards the Valtheim Towers.

"Where we come from?" I repeat, and Hildr nods from her spot between mine and Aurelia's horses. Ah, she means our Nationality.

"Yeah. I can tell that Aurelia is definitely from Cyrodiil due to her accent, but yours… Never heard it before."

I never really took note of Aurelia's accent, now that I think about it. Well, to be fair, they can understand me and I can understand them despite the fact that I do not know their language.

Though, they both have a slight Slavic accent, now that I think about. Reminds me of home, kinda.

"Well, I am from a place called Norway." I shrug, "Born and raised there."

Though, my last years were spent in America, away from the family and home. As far as possible.

The accent Hildr probably hears is from the rare Kven Finnish Language. It probably slips out when I don't realize it.

"Norway…" Aurelia furrows her brows, "I never heard of such a place. Is it not of Tamriel?"

"Nope." I drawl out, stunning both ladies, "This bag of bones is very far from home." Like, in a whole other fucking Universe.

The flash of pain and worry in Aurelia's eyes does not escape me, but Hildr speaks up before I could reassure her, "Do you… miss home?"

I hum at her question, "I miss the sights, but Skyrim is very similar, so not really." I shrug again, "I was already far from it before-" I wave to my body, "-this happened to me."

"Huh…" Hildr sniffs, sagging back on her running horse, "What about you, Aurelia?"

The pale woman blinks and perks up, "I actually lived in a small village in Cyrodiil, in-between Hammerfel and Valenwood."

I tilt my head at that, "So you lived close to Kvatch?" I ask, and she nods with a large smile on her face.

"It was a few days away, but yes."

"How was the weather down there?" Hildr asks, a smile on her lips, "Bet not as cold as around here."

Aurelia shudders, "It's very humid where I was born. Lots of insects, always sweating, and Summers were literal hell." She laughs softly, gaze nostalgic and lovely, "My father used to love the warm weather there, while me and mother both hated it."

"Sounds like hell…" Hildr shudders herself, "No thanks, I prefer the cold weather."

"You say that just because you can warm yourself up with ease." I point out, and Hildr's answer is giving me the middle finger for pointing out her 'secret'.

"Still… What are you, Aurelia?" Hildr questions, tilting her head curiously towards the woman beside her, "I've never seen someone so pale, and you don't look like an Imperial."

Aurelia laughs nervously, "Well, my Father was a Redguard – Or Yokudan, if you will – while my Mother was a Breton."

"Then how the fuck did you come out so pale!?"

Aurelia shrugs, "I honestly don't know-"

"Huh…" I make a noise as it suddenly just clicks, drawing their gaze towards me, "You have Albinism." I point out, then cup my chin and tilt my head towards Aurelia, "Though, your eyes aren't blue, so… Strange."

"Albinism?" Hildr repeats, sharing a glance with Aurelia as she does so, "What's that?"

"A genetic condition one has since birth, where they basically are born with white hair and very pale skin, plus either reddish pink or bright blue eyes." I drawl out, "Aurelia seems to have that, but also not. Weird."

Right, of course they wouldn't really know much about these things. Far as I know, they do not really study human biology here, so certain things or birth defects aren't well known, or even named.

"So it's… Normal?" Aurelia asks, curiously, "My parents thought it was from some sort of curse…"

"It's very rare, but yeah it is normal. Even some animals can be born with this condition." I had a very cute picture of an albino porcupine on my phone back home, now that I think about it.

Aurelia huffs out, shoulders sagging and eyes wide in disbelief as she turns her head to gaze at the road ahead.

"I forget due to how stupid you act that you are actually also very smart and knowledgeable." Hildr muses aloud, making me preen at the compliment, "And now I am wondering if the one thing you took as compliment is me calling you stupid, or me calling you smart."

I cackle like a madman at that, as it is right.

"What about you, Leo?" Hildr changes the topic, making me tilt my head, "What did you use to be before becoming an insane skeleton?"

"A very insane human?" She looks ready to punch me in the face at that.

I chuckle at her glare, "To be fair, where I came from, we didn't really have Races – in my opinion, unlike what many other might say. We were all Humans, there were no Elves, no Orsimers and whatnot, and we did not practice magic."

"What we had instead of Races was Nationalities. Like, for example I am Norwegian, due to where I was born. Or even European, if you will."

Both ladies are now gaping at me, eyes wide in pure shock and disbelief, "W-Wait, you serious?" Hildr questions, and I nod with a chuckle, "Then, if you didn't practice magic, what did your people do?"

"We excelled in technology, far greater than the Dwemer." I boast without care, "We had machines that could cross the lands at great speeds, or some that could fly in the sky and from one continent to the other."

"Whoa…" Aurelia gapes, eyes nearly sparkling in wonder.

While Hildr, instead, frowns lightly, "...It's not all sunshine and rainbows, is it."

If I could, I'd smile at her, "We had weapons that could erase Whiterun off the map within the blink of an eye, and turn the surrounding land into wasteland for decades to come." And instantly all that wonder disappears into horror.

"My home was beautiful. The people? The Humans? They revolt me, and forever will." I'll never get behind the desire to start wars for resources.

To fight each other, to hold weapons that could lead our whole planet to a mass extinction event that will doom not all of us, but also all creatures on the planet.

So many of which we led to an early grave, to only be remembered by bones now hanging within halls of a museum or drawings upon a fucking cave wall.

"There might be Spells that can do the same as those weapons back home here, but I honestly do not care." In fact, I could erase a city off the map quite easily with a bombardment of Draconian Howls.

I shake my head at that, "Apologies for bringing the mood down, ladies."

Hildr shakes her own head, "It's alright. Honestly, it is expected when sharing knowledge. Rarely does acquiring more bring joy." That is… Very, very mature of her. And on point.

We fall quiet after that.

For about… five seconds.

"Leo, look." Aurelia speaks up, and points forward in a flat voice. Up ahead of us are the two towers, among my most favorite spots in Skyrim, where I love butchering the bandits on the scene. "Victims."

And, as Aurelia has said, there are victims!

Look at that shoddy roadblock with just a tree, like our fuckin' horses can't jump over that!

And the archers at the top of the tower, already taking aim with their flimsy bows!

"Yay! Death and destruction!" I have my horse speed up with a happy, childish cheer.

Next Race Modification, here I come!


….​


Gretel was bored.

The food left behind was amazing, and she made sure not to inhale it within five seconds, as she wanted to enjoy it.

Aela was busy with a Companion meeting, so she couldn't hang around the older woman, but a promise for archery teachings and going out for a Hunt soon enough quelled Gretel's desire to start problems.

So, instead, she just started exploring Whiterun. It was a new city, after all. A new home, much larger than Falkreath.

Much, much larger.

Despite both being Holds, Falkreath was more akin to a village with a population in the few hundred, while Whiterun was an honest city, with a population in the thousands.

There was so much for her to explore, so much to see, and so many targets to find for her to use to quench her boredom.

Sniffing, Gretel turns the corner with a bored look, and comes to a pause at the sight before her.

"-just leave me alone, Braith!" A young blonde boy yells at a Redguard girl while trembling on the spot and backing away from her.

But the Redguard girl just scoffs, arms crossed before her, "Or what? You gonna hit me? Gonna cry to your papa?"

The boy flinches and steps back, "Just go away!" He yells, even more scared, and Gretel scrunches up her nose.

A part of her wanted to leave, but then her thoughts went to her cool big sister stepped forward to help Whiterun against that meanie Undead that attacked it not too long ago.

She wouldn't be Gretel, the sister of the great mage Hildr, if she walked away from someone in need!

"Hey, back off the guy." Gretel grunts out gruffly, swiftly stepping in-between the two, surprising and elating the boy while visibly irritating the girl named Braith.

"Who the hell are you?" Braith sniffs, arms unfolding and small hands clenching into fists, "Did the sniveling baby pay you to protect him? Is that it?"

Gretel blinks in surprise, and raises a slightly confused brow.

Not at the girls words, no… But at the fact that she wasn't running away in pure terror.

And that's when it clicks in Gretel's mind.

They don't know me here… Every single elder and child back in Falkreath knew and feared her, plus her older sister. She was a nightmare, someone not to be crossed. Someone they had to give offerings to in order to keep pleased.

Here in Whiterun? She was nobody. She had no fearsome reputation, no 'achievements', no nothing.

And that made a near feral smile spread across Gretel's young face.

"You listening to me?!" Braith yells, shoving Gretel back, "Or are you already chickening out? If so, get lost! And leave any Septims on you behin-" Gretel does not punch the girl.

No. Gretel is a big girl. She is better than that.

Instead, what she does is something more… humiliating.

She slaps her across the face. Hard.

Braith yells, taking a step back in shock, eyes wide and shaky as she holds her right cheek, "D-Did… Did you just slap me-!" Another slap is delivered, but to the other cheek this time.

Then another, changing cheek.

And one final one, so to match the other cheek.

"You want more?" Gretel asks, waving her small hands with a grin of challenge.

Braith looked ready to tear her throat out with her teeth, but she was also visibly terrified.

Good, as she should be!

Turning back to the boy behind her, Gretel gives him a grin and thumbs up, "Don't worry, I got her!"

A scream reaches her ears, then a hand grabs her shoulder and forcibly spins her around.

The girl had grown the guts to pull back her fist to try and punch her! Oh my!

So Gretel headbutts her in the face. Hard.

Then kicks her legs out from below her.

Sniffing, Gretel stares down at the sniveling and downed brat before her… Then is hit by a bright idea! "Is there a water canal nearby?" She questions the boy she was protecting, who gives her a confused look.

"Y-Yeah…? But… Why?" Ah, poor child. He does not have a creative mind like her!

"Oh, nothing much!" Gretel smiles, grabs the downed girl by the scruff of her neck, then starts dragging her down the road.

"T-That's not where the water canal is!" The blonde boy yells after her.

"I know!" Gretel calls back with a wide grin.

She asked that just to know if there was a place the girl could clean herself up after getting her face shoved in cow poop, after all.

Now, there were some close to Jorrvaskr, if she remembers right?

Hopefully, her big sis and the others are having just as much fun as she is right now!


….


[A Soul has been absorbed!] x 11

[Death Knight]

A body clad in near unbreakable frost, and overflowing with Magicka that enhances its physical capabilities to the utmost limit. An unstoppable force that feels no pain and only seeks to kill.​

And there we go! New powerful Race Modification got! I feel so power- Just joking. I feel jack shit. Figures.

Bit miffed that I am now left with just four normal Souls and one Greater Soul, but that's alright I guess. The roads are sure to be full of bandits until the College. I'll stock up on the way.

"Did you have to destroy the towers, Leo?" Aurelia asks, arms crossed and gaze flat as she taps her foot on the ground.

I look at her, then look behind a the ruins of the two towers and the bridge, courtesy of a single well placed Draconian Howl.

I turn back to Aurelia, "Yeah!" She sighs and face-palms at my very cheerful tone.

I just couldn't help myself. It's fun to cause so much destruction!

"Hey, guys?" Hildr calls out, and I turn to see at what she was looking at. A large cart, close to the ruins of the towers, yet without horses and with a broken wheel. "These guys probably got a merchant before we arrived."

Aurelia frowns and moves to step close to the carriage, "No corpses?" Hildr shakes her head, and Aurelia scoffs, "Probably tossed down into the river below."

Yep, totally no remorse for removing that filth in such a violent way.

Shrugging my shoulders, I approach the carriage and hop on the back, then approach a random sack in the corner, "Might as well check out what they had-" I freeze when I prop it open.

Then instantly squeal with childish glee.

"L-Leo…?" Aurelia calls out as I dig my hands into the sack, then pull out-


"A NEW HAND TOUCHES THE BEACO-"​


"FUCK YEAAHHHHHH!" I howl right back as I hold the white orb high in the air, "I have found thee, Mommy Meridia!"

Aurelia and Hildr share nervous and disturbed looks at my words.

"Show me thine Godly Booty Cheeks, and I shall-"

Crack!

"Hm?" I pause, then lower the orb in front of my face to stare at the brightly glowing crack that suddenly appeared on it.

Crack! CRACK!

It starts glowing brighter and brighter, and brighter, while the cracks spread and spread all over it.

"Bismillah, I am finished…"

"L-Leo-!"


….​



Gretel pauses and blinks as a loud and powerful explosion far into the distance shakes the whole of Whiterun, bringing everyone to a pause.

Turning her head, she stares towards the two distant mountains.

Then tilts her head at the rising mushroom cloud between them.

Why did she feel like that was Leonidas's fault?

A.N. I am bacc! Sorry for the long wait, folks! I'll try to push out another chapter before the month ends!

Imagine Meridia's face when she felt an Undead touch her Beacon. Must've been glorious.

Anyway, next chapter will have the arrival to the College, a Thalmor catching hands, and Aurelia starting her training with Parthubro.

Then, the next arc shall start! I should probably give 'em names.

And if you wish to support me and read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead on this fic, then consider hopping on over to my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Until then, do take care, ya lovelies!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, BrendanS.A, Daniil and 1,695 others
Musashi-Chan
Nov 27, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 25
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Dec 7, 2024
Add bookmark
#2,995
Rarely do the Divines and Daedric Princes convene together for an extended amount of time.

And when it does happen, it is usually to preside over the events of yet another Omen coming true, with some – like Mehrunes Dagon – merely being there to see what they could gain from such events.

Now, the last part of the prophecy had come true.

The World-Eater is back, and the Last Dragonborn has appeared to face it.

And the Prophecy does not state that the Last Dragonborn shall come off victorious in the clash.

So the Divines and Daedric Princes came together to witness the events, waiting to see if Alduin shall end Mundus, or if the Last Dragonborn was going to achieve victory against impossible odds.

...And then an Anomaly appeared.

Anything they could have expected, or had planned, went right out of the window when the Undead appeared.

He couldn't be predicted, and any possible schemes had to be thrown out of the window due to his mere presence and close proximity with the Dragonborn.

He was such a weird existence that he managed to be blessed by Arkay, as an Undead.

"You have been oddly quiet, Sheogorath." A voice speaks across realities and divine domains to reach the ears of the Mad One, who perks up and draws his lips away from the teacup holding the finest delicacy in Oblivion.

Molten cheese!

"Akatosh! Buddy ol' pal! What brings you to my little very secluded and very questionable corner of Reality?!" Oh boy, he just had to go and take his rest in the Dementia side of his plane… Oh well, Akatosh has seen worse.

"Your silence." The Dragon God of Time and father of the biggest troublemaker ever states flatly through the minuscules wisp of Divine Essence he had sent over to communicate, "It is… worrying. When you are quiet, you are possibly plotting some sort of disaster."

"You know me so well!" The wisp of Divine Essence somehow manages to convey a very flat stare, "But no, not this time." Sheogorath shrugs, nursing his cup of molten cheesy delicacy for a short second, "I'm just waiting for a motherfucker to swing first so I can settle some things."

He hopes it's Molag Bal again. Putting that son of a bitch in a choke-hold was satisfying.

Akatosh sighs deeply, still somehow not used to Sheogorath's brand of insanity. "And what has stopped you from trying to breach your way into Mundus and meet your… best friend?"

Sheogorath shrugs, gaze distracted and distant, "Not my fault that you guys want to unleash another Alduin upon Nirn."

The Divine Essence from Akatosh stills momentarily, "Sheogorath, that young man won't become Alduin-"

"You're right, he wont." Sheogorath smiles kindly, "He'll become worse." Leave it to the God of Madness to actually become the voice of reason.

"They both grow stronger from Death, but while one relishes in it, the other is trying not to snap, because if he does – And trust me, he fuckin' will, then what he'll unleash is going to make my Dementia side of the Realm look like a fuckin' amusement park for children."

His teacup is utterly vaporized as his own Divine presence seeps out for a split second, but Sheogorath breathes in and quells his indignation with ease.

"And you, the Daedric Prince of Insanity, are trying to stop a man from going insane?" Akatosh sounded incredulous, his deep and powerful voice full of shock and surprise.

"Can you still see the future timelines?" Sheogorath suddenly questions, cheek resting on a closed fist and gaze bored while staring fixedly upon the golden star that is Akatosh's presence.

A small golden star that suddenly stills, something that Sheogorath does not miss. "Bingo." The Mad One snaps his fingers and uncrosses his legs, standing up and grabbing his cane to start walking away.

Akatosh's divine presence moved to follow, "It cannot be the young man-"

"Oh but I said nothing. You are the one pointing fingers – Or… Nails, claws- Whatever."

"It could be Alduin's-"

Sheogarth stops and points his finger at the glowing golden star, "Alduin never had that effect on you during the Merethic Era, and I doubt he'd gain such power now, since he is horrendously weakened from his trip to solitary confinement in time jail."

A sigh comes from the golden star floating in the air, "But that doesn't explain how he is such an enormous Anomaly."

Sheogorath smiles and twirls his cape, "Of course he'd be an Anomaly, when he is someone not born within the Dream." Akatosh stills once more, "So it would stand to reason, that he would cause no ripples in a timeline that is not his own."

The golden star that is Akatosh quivers, "And now it has made Alduin unpredictable. Nervous."

Sheogorath waves off those worries with a huff, "That fucker is always nervous. First thing he tried to do when he got out of his jail was try to remove the Dragonborn so he would stand unchallenged."

"He failed, now he can't see possible timelines, so now he is lost, nervous… And afraid." A fearsome beast with the World-Eater moniker, afraid for having lost its cheat 'future sight' ability.

It was a crutch that only the most powerful of Dragons can wield, but it does not make them invincible, as any sudden variable can send their 'visions' into disarray.

Like with how Alduin underestimated the mortals during the Merethic Era and got himself sealed away through the use of an Elder Scrolls.

Once he came back, he tried to be catious and swiftly gain the upper hand by eliminating the Dragonborn before they could awaken. But due to not having yet absorbed a Dragon Soul, Alduin only had a feeling for a general location, not a precise target.

Hence, the Dragonborn escaped, Leonidas appeared out of thin air, and now the World-Eater is confused and nervous.

"And I still do not understand where you are going with this, Sheogorath." Sometimes, he still hated being called that name. For it is not his.

He had a name, given to him by his mother and father, within the home where he was born.

But he shrugs that away, "Do you not understand how lucky we are that he is not furious with us? Yes, we had no involvement with him appearing here, but still!"

"Ripped away from his home, ripped away from a comfortable and functional living body, and stuffed into a skeleton… With the power to endlessly grow through slaughter."

Sheogorath frowns as he turns to fully face the Divine following after him, "Why do you think Mehrunes Dagon is salivating after him? Because he can be a destroyer worse than Alduin. He can be the greatest Champion for many of us."

"But we are fucking lucky that deep down, he wants to be a fucking Hero." Sheogorath scoffs at that word. Whole lot of good it did to him, becoming one. "If he could shoulder all the duties for that girl of his, he would within a heartbeat. He'd do it all even if his mind finally gives in."

He said it many times before, but Insanity is a mercy. A bitter one, but still a mercy.

For many, it is their mind opening to a greater world. For others, it is a moment of enlightenment… But in all great and brilliant minds, there exists a sprinkle of insanity that drives them forward.

"Sheogorath has never had a Champion before." Akatosh muses softly.

"I will, when he snaps." And he will. Sheogorath could feel it. The moment something bad happens to those few he befriended and allows to be close to him… Even Sheogorath wouldn't want to be in the boots of whoever causes that. "When it happens, he'll have my Blessing."

His cane taps on the ground close to him, before the Mad One tilts his head to stare at the golden star that is Akatosh, "You should see about finding a Champion too. Who knows, this might be the last Era, after all."

Hell, Sheogorath had a feeling that the other Daedric Princes might start finding their own Champions soon enough, so to make this Era and possibly final battle all the more chaotic.

"I probably should, yes." Akatosh muses softly, "I have had one in mind since the Merethic Era." Well now, consider Sheogorath curious.

Alas, his entire Realm shakes before he could probe out some details from the Dragon God.

Sheogorath pays it no mind and conjures a cup of molten cheese in his hands.

"What was that?"

Sheogorath just sips at his molten cheese without care.

His Realm trembles.

"Sheogorath?"

His sip turns into audible slurping… While he was speed-walking away.

Another tremble, and enormous fractures appear all over the skies of the Dementia Realm.

Then, a very furious screaming voice comes through.


"SHEOGORAAAAAAAAAAAATH!"​


Akatosh recognized that voice. Meridia.

What did the Mad One do now?

Sheogorath started whistling innocently even as Meridia kept trying to barge into his Realm with pure bloody Deicide as her goal.

Still, Meridia was overreacting...


~~XXX~~​


Meridia was close to tearing her hair out. Violently.

How?

How does that Undead bastard keep doing it!?


"Ayo baby mama lemme whisper in yo' ear-"​


A near blood-curling scream nearly leaves the Daedric Prince's lips when she feels the touch of that vile creature land on yet another Beacon.

How did he keep finding more?!


"Did you know I had Chlamydia-"​


Damn Arkay.

Damn that bastard for Blessing that filthy creature and making it immune to Holy energies!

Oh she was going to tear both of them apart, and she was going to enjoy it!

And then she feels it again. Another hand touching another fucking Beacon-


"If it hadn't been for Cotton-Eyed Joe, I'd have been married a long time ago-"

"Warning! Warning! Foo' comin' through-"

"Uhm, what the sigma?-"

"We've been trying to reach you about your car's extended warranty-"​


Again and again did the Undead's damnable idiotic voice reach her ears.

Again and again she blew up the Beacon he was holding.

Again and fucking again did he somehow find another goddamn Beacon in a split second and keep on going-

Sheogorath.

It had to be his fault. Has to be.

Meridia didn't even care if this wasn't one of the Mad One's pranks. She just needed a victim to release her stress on.

And so, the Lady of Infinite Energies sets off to unleash pure, unimaginable torture upon a fellow Daedric Prince.

Not realizing that this was exactly the Mad One's plan.


~~XXX~~​


Oh man, if I had lungs and a stomach, I'd have died twice over by now.

Both from asphyxiation and from possibly throwing my guts out from laughing so much.

Annoying a Daedric Prince to the point they try to nuke me with their artifact is just glorious!

Also, how the fuck did this carriage hold so many goddamn Beacons!?

The chest had at least a dozen, and each sack had one inside them. Each one has now blown up due to Meridia's desperate attempt to nuke me out of existence.

But alas, it was a skill issue, for I still stand!

The river below? Now it has an enormous 'lake' area due to all the constant bombings from me tossing the exploding Beacons down there when they reached the breaking point.

"I thought annoying mortals was his limit." I hear Hildr muse aloud with Aurelia as I recover from my bout of much needed laughter, "But apparently even the fuckin' Gods ain't safe from him…"

"Is it wrong that I find it funny…?"

"Not gonna lie, I cracked a laugh too. So you're good." Hildr pats Aurelia on the shoulder with a sympathetic gaze before turning back towards me, "Dude, there's still one more." She points out, raising the small sack holding the last Beacon.

Which I had her save on purpose.

"Okay, I'm good…" I shake myself, pat my robes, then let out a few more chuckles, "Time to get to business then, ladies." I dust off my gloved hands, take the bag out of Hildr's own gloved hands, open it up, then grab the Beacon and fish it out.

Instantly it starts cracking all over, so I act swiftly, "I wish to parlay!" The cracking halts momentarily, "I have a deal that might interest you, lady Meridia."

Aurelia and Hildr share a glance as the glow from the Beacon dies down, and a growling and very tense voice speaks through it, "I do not make deals with foul Undead creatures."

My cheeky dumbass couldn't help but point something out, "But Arkay has blessed me, so I am not that foul!" I'm just an annoying son of a bitch!

Meridia outright growls at me, "What. Do. You. Want." I wonder what has made her so irritated… Couldn't be me!

"I would like Dawnbreaker, please." I state my request directly, and I don't need to be observant to feel Meridia's shock at my daring request.

"And why would I, pray tell, give one of my strongest Artifacts to an Undead of all things?" I'd smirk if I could, knowing that I have her attention now.

"For one, I won't be the one wielding it." I start, waving a hand towards my lovely Aurelia, who perks up in surprise at my action and words, "The Dragonborn is a Paladin of Arkay, and hates the bad Undead as much as you do, so you'll be putting that blade in very good hands."

Meridia falls quiet for a few seconds, the light coming from the Beacon flickering faintly as she mulls over my words, "And the second reason?"

Again, if I could smirk, I'd have an enormous evil one on my face right now. "I am sure you know all about the servants of the Dragons, called the Dragon Priests. Powerful Undead, capable of raising armies of undead of their own, so on and so forth…"

"Your point..?" Meridia growls out, clearly already telling where I am going with this.

So, I shrug, "Would you rather have a one silly, yet lovely Undead who goes around doing some harmless tomfoolery… Or would you rather have armies of vile Undead mages capable of raising armies of Undead of their own walking around?"

Aurelia gapes my way at my daring while Hildr gives me a nod of respect and thumbs up.

Meridia's answer is a simple "Your existence irks me." that makes me laugh out loud.

"You're just mad that my proposal is tempting!"

"You are using me."

I shrug again, "Feel free to state your own terms, if it'll help you 'save some face' or whatever." I know I have got her hooked with this proposal of mine, so I see it as a win either way.

Meridia falls quiet once more, but her quiet only lasts for a few seconds, "Very well then." Her voice is far more relaxed, pleased even. "My conditions for the use of Dawnbreaker are two."

"When one of these Dragon Priests awakens and news reach your ears, you must swiftly move out to deal with them – If, of course, you are capable of doing so."

That can be done. Easily, even. It isn't forcing us to deal with them instantly, even though their awakening will of course need us to run damage control swiftly.

"And the second condition?"

"Molag Bal has a group of powerful minions in Skyrim. I want them dead."

"Ah, the vampires in the castle close to Solitude, gotcha." They were already a target, but now Meridia wants them dead too so removing them off the face of the planet is even more worth it.

Still, I expected this. Meridia has a lot of beef with Molag Bal, after all.

"Indeed." Meridia sniffs, voice haughty and regal, "Once these issues have been dealt with, I shall retrieve Dawnbreaker."

"But if I find need of your… assistance for other matters in the future, I shall let you know. And payment will be delivered."

The Beacon suddenly cracks and crumbles, releasing a bright and dense light that grows bigger, taking the shape of a long blade.

I pause when the golden blade of Dawnbreaker comes into view, the guard releasing a dense and strong light like usual, with it being surrounded by a bright halo.

It looks… bigger?

"I have modified it to better suit your style, Dragonborn. Wield it properly." Meridia announces, letting the bright Daedric Artifact float towards Aurelia.

The Paladin does not instantly take it, instead looking towards me nervously to seek advice, and only does finally reach out to take the floating powerful Daedric Artifact after I give her a reassuring nod.

The blade's glow intensifies once Aurelia grasps the handle, the bright and visibly hot light intensifying for a short few moments before Aurelia seemingly gets it under control, making Dawnbreaker's glow die down until it looks like a normal dark-gold greatsword.

"Pleasure doin' business with ya, lady!" I salute, yet receive no answer or annoyed scoff from the Daedric Prince. How rude, leaving without saying anything.

Still, glad that the plan I swiftly put together actually worked. "Welp, that's it ladies. Back on the road?" I question while Hildr and Aurelia gape my way.

"Dude…" Hildr starts, "What are you? First you annoyed a Daedric Prince to the point of wanting to annihilate you, then you managed to make her give us a Daedric Artifact… Like, what?"

I chuckle and wiggle my finger her way, "That is entirely due to the way I phrased the deal!

"You'd be surprised at how much Gods care about something as flimsy as losing face, especially before a 'rival's' follower." I state, waving towards Aurelia, "I worded the deal in a way that, if she were to refuse, it'll make her look bad, and if she were to accept, we wouldn't hold each other any favor."

"Still, she added her own two cents in, which I expected." I shrug and move towards my bag, "If she does seek our assistance in the future, we only stand to gain, and even if we do lose Dawnbreaker in the future, by then it'll have finished its job already."

So, as I said, a win-win. Struck a partnership deal with a Daedric Prince, got us to owe each other no favors, had a powerful anti-undead Daedric Artifact loaned to us, and Meridia will come to us when in need of something.

"You're fuckin' terrifying…" Hildr voices aloud, and I chuckle softly as I pick up my bag- Hm? Is it… heavier?

I can't really tell due to my new Race Modification giving me insane strength that I still need to fully check out and experience, but the bag does feel somewhat heavier… Something to check out later.

"Meh…" I shrug again and toss the bag over my shoulders, "You shouldn't think that Gods are smart just because they are Gods."

"Mind your words when talking to a God, and sometimes you can strike up a deal that benefits both without any loopholes to be used against you."

Like hell I'm going to let myself be used by a God for free.

Also, I am totally sure that the only reason Meridia so swiftly accepted the deal I made is because she feared I would annoy the fuck outta her if she didn't.

Which… Fair.

I totally would have.


~~XXX~~​


We'll split up once morning comes.

There is a fork in the road up ahead. Hildr and I will go straight forward, while Aurelia will take the path to the right so to reach the village below High Hrothgar.

I know this was coming, but… It's still making me feel empty.

I'm going to miss her, a lot. But this is needed. She needs this. She needs to grow.

And the only one in Skyrim that can help make her strong is Paarthurnax himself.

I have a feeling that once her training is done, Aurelia will be downright terrifying, and will be worthy to bear the title of Dragonborn.

And that is when the real Dragons will truly start showing themselves, ready to face a worthy adversary.

Still doesn't mean that I have to like being away from her.

She is the first person I met here, and I very easily got attached to someone so… simple yet innocent and lovely.

And she is probably the one who has kept me sane all this time. I cannot exactly tell if I am going insane, or if I am breaking, but sometimes my thoughts… They start to wander in way I do not enjoy.

"You know…" I start from my place near the fire Hildr started, with the two ladies on some of the food they brought along for the trip. Canned food is actually a thing here, hilariously enough. "I never asked what you two want to become in the future."

Hildr and Aurelia tilt their heads at my question, "What do you mean?" Aurelia asks, confusion lacing her tone.

I lean forward, glad that I can put myself in weird positions and not feel stiffness from them, "I mean, like… A dream to achieve. A mage of great renown or… Whatever positions your Paladin order gives out for higher ranking members."

Understanding dawns upon the two of them, and Hildr leans back with a distant gaze, "I've never really thought about it…" The redhead muses, "Though, since I've been young and gained my Familiar, my desire has always been to study and understand Spirits."

"There is still very little knowledge about them. Like how they come to be, what helps them form, what grants them intelligence, so on and so forth…" She shrugs, wistful smile on her face, "I don't really care about fame, but I'd love to be known and remembered as someone who put her all into studying Spirits."

There is quite a lot I have to learn and find out in this changed world, and honestly? I am quite looking forward to it.

I spent so long learning the lore of this world and whatnot, so doing it again will be fun. Wish I could enjoy a beer or some wine while doing that, but oh well, can't have everything in life.

"What about you, Leo?" Hildr asks.

So I instantly give her a thumbs up, "I shall become a problem for this whole world and its Gods."

"Yeah, forget I asked."

"Hey, I'm serious!"

"I know!"

Poor Hildr, I can't wait to bully her plenty more in the coming days!

The red-head sighs and shakes her head, then gives me a look with her lone eyes, "What about gaining a body back?"

I pause at her question, then sighs softly, "Alas, I have a feeling that it will be a useless endeavor." I muse aloud, bringing my bag closer as I do so, "It is an annoying thought, but…" I don't finish speaking, and instead opt to just shrug.

I just prefer to not think about it. As long as I can gain back the ability to sleep, then I should be… mostly alright, I think.

Hildr visibly wants to speak further, clear worry on her face, but decides not to do so, hence I turn my gaze towards the quiet Aurelia, "What about you, 'Lia?" I ask, using my new nickname for her.

Since she shortened my name, it is only right that I do so for hers too!

She perks up, a cute look on her face when she registers the nickname I used for her before her gaze grows… distant, "I… Do not know." She starts, almost hesitantly, "I don't think I've really thought about it."

I tilt my head her way, "Does your Paladin Order not have any high positions and whatnot?"

She makes a so-so gesture, "It is less of a Paladin Order, and more of a group loyal to Arkay. There are Paladin, who slay the Undead, and there are Priests, who go around making sure people have a proper burial, while also blessing cemeteries and the likes."

"The… higher positions you speak of are mostly those that retired veterans take, where they focus on simply teaching the new members before they set out." Ah, I see.

And retiring in such a rough line of work doesn't seem or sound that easy, to be honest. From my research, the Undead can get absolutely fucking terrifying.

Still, I hum softly, my gaze quietly lingering on Aurelia's form for several seconds. I don't like it. "I've always had this fear, for a while now." I start as I lean forward, "So, I just want to confirm this, 'Lia."

She blinks and faces me, confusion visible on her face and in her beautiful eyes lit up by the fire, "What fear?"

I remain quiet, wishing I had a lower lip to chew onto right now, but alas… "Deep down, I do not believe there is much you… in you." She startles, looking even more confused at my words, "I see little Aurelia, and more… other things."

Aurelia audibly gulps while Hildr furrows her lone eyes, "I… I do not follow, Leo…" My first and lovely friend starts, voice worried and uncertain.

"Bear with me for a while…" I start with a sigh, "Who are you, for yourself?"

I best nip this in the bud, for this is not healthy. I want my Aurelia to be more herself, and not someone following a duty.

Not a tool, or a robot.

And at my question, Aurelia blanches.

"A Paladin is what you are for your God and Order."

"The Dragonborn is what you are now for the people of Skyrim, for the Dragons, for the Greybeards, and for anyone coming forward."

"You are something, for someone else. Like how a Father is a Father for their children. A Husband is a Husband for their Wife, and a Friend is someone you are for your friends…"

"But who are you, for yourself?" Her eyes tremble, and her hands start shaking, visibly afraid that I am unraveling what I know she has been running away from, "Have you ever thought about yourself, and only yourself, even once?"

Her breath starts growing in pace, and Hildr visibly grows alarmed, "Leo, I don't think-" I raise my hand towards her, and her words come to a halt.

"'Lia, have you ever thought about just enjoying the little things in life?" I question softly, gently, while I stand up and slowly draw closer to the panicking young woman, "Tell me, is there anything you enjoy? A favorite sound? A favorite scent, or Season? What do you like?"

"And don't try to use logic, or your Order, or anything else. Use only your heart."

"Like the scent of rain after a storm. The sound of rustling leaves carried by the wind. A road stretching into infinity. The sound of rushing waters from a waterfall or a river."

"A sunset reflected on water. A clear screen of water that mirrors the sky above. So on, and so forth…"

I reach out, my voice a faint whisper as I grasp her shaking hand and give it a gentle squeeze, "The world has much to offer, but you clench your fists tightly, then try to look at it through the hole made by your curled fingers, thus seeing only the darkness and the bad."

Aurelia sobs, her eyes full of panic and fear, "I-" Her voice cracks, and her body shakes as she sobs once more, tears flowing down her cheeks, "I don't know? I-I can't think of anything!" The fear in her eyes is genuine, and it makes me grip her hand tightly.

Since I've met her and we stopped in Whiterun, all I have ever seen is Aurelia, the Paladin of Arkay.

If she doesn't train her body, she trains her Magicka. If she doesn't have a target to focus on, she spends her time finding another one.

Since I've met her, the Aurelia I have known is the Aurelia that just does her duty.

I've never seen her wonder. Never seen her find some food that she likes and want to eat a lot of it. Never seen her stop and read a book.

I've never seen Aurelia be Aurelia.

It's just duty, duty, duty and more fucking duty.

"I want you to spend time to wonder about such things while you are with Paarthurnax." I tell Aurelia as she clutches my hand tightly, leaning into my side for comfort as Hildr comes over to pat her back soothingly, "From now on, I refuse to let you focus only on work."

"No offense, but fuck your duty, and fuck the goddamn Dragonborn prophecy."

"Preach." Hildr grunts, "Not gonna lie, that shit always felt like a fuckin' chain to me the moment I learned of it."

"It's a chain only if you let it be one." I correct Hildr, "The prophecy never states that you will have to fight Alduin, or that you will win. Just that the wheel turns on the Dragonborn, whatever happens after is up in the air."

That brings both Aurelia and Hildr to a pause, and Aurelia sniffs softly, wiping away her tears as she speaks up, "You mean… We can lose?"

I sniff, "Oh nah, we're gonna fuck Alduin up the ass. Brutally."

"What's with you and Dragon's assholes?" Hildr whispers in disgust.

"They are a viable target to blow up." The soldiers back in Whiterun are more cultured than this fool. "Anyway, yes. The Prophecy never truly states that the Dragonborn will win."

Instead of growing dejected, Aurelia breathes in deeply, fully calming herself down, "Losing is not an option." She states heavily, gaze heated and full of determination.

If I could smile, I would, "That is for the future." I drawl out, then gain her attention through one last squeeze of the hand, "I hope that when we meet again, I'll get to learn more about who Aurelia is, and what she likes."

Hildr nods with a grin on her face, "Same here!"

Aurelia's gaze reddens as her lips twitch into a large, happy and loving smile, "I will do my best then." She sniffs softly, "I promise."

I chuckle and give her hand a shake, "I'll hold you to it, woman!"

That's when Hildr perks up with a smirk, "Let's make the promise more serious then!" Raising a hand, she stretches out her little finger, "Pinky promise!"

Me and Aurelia instantly laugh aloud at that- That is, until I double up and stretch out my own towards Aurelia, leaving her floored.

For about a few seconds, before she uses one hand each to shake both of our little fingers, "Fine! If I fail to keep this promise, may I fall off High Hrothgar!"

"That shit is barely gonna scratch ya…" Hildr drawls out flatly, earning a cute pout from Aurelia.

"Then what do you suggest?"

"You'll have to get bullied by Leo for a whole hour."

"You monster!"

"Now hold on a fuckin' second!" I shout, breaking the two apart, "When did I become a goddamn curse!?"

The two give me a flat stare that makes me twitch, "Leo, no offense, but you literally make anyone who earns your attention go insane. I dread the bullshit that will go down at the College…" Hildr flatly states, making me cross my arms with a childish huff.

"A man can't even commit a little bit of harmless tomfoolery nowadays…"

"Your 'harmless tomfoolery' has started bar fights that lasted hours, led to Dragons being dealt the most humiliating possible deaths in existence, and to the God of Insanity squaring up against all the other Gods because he wants to meet you. Personally."

Well, when you put it like that… It shows that I ain't workin' hard enough!

"Speaking of Sheogorath…" I start, and Aurelia nearly startles towards the fire, afraid that I might go ahead and do another sacrifice in his name like last time, "Relax, I don't have any cheese on hand…" She relaxes as I walk towards my bag and open it to retrieve an item that was not in there this morning.

"But I do got his book filled with the insane rambles from madmen of all Eras!" I announce as I hold the large Daedric Artifact Sheogorath somehow snuck into my bag during the chaos high above my head.


[Folium Discognitum – Daedric Artifact]

A book holding the insane ramblings and sometimes brilliant insights of many great fools, madmen and lunatics.

Modified by Sheogorath, this book holds only the magical side of all those oh so wonderful insane scribbles!​


Hildr and Aurelia pale instantly.

"We must burn that thing."

Aurelia stands slowly, arms stretched out, reminding me of that one Velociraptor scene from Jurassic World, "Leo… Listen to me, and please… Give me that thing…"

I childishly hug the wonderful book to my chest, "Over my dead body!"

Hildr, the fuckin' smartass that she is, dumbly points out "So we just gotta walk over ya...?"

"...I will commit the most unspeakable fuckin' crimes against your bloodline, woman."

Needless to say that I had to use the book as a bludgeoning weapon after that.


~~XXX~~​


I lower my hand as Aurelia swiftly disappears from sight atop her horse.

She was sad, obviously enough, but also in high spirits after I tore down her… issues, if they could even be called that.

I know there is a trauma related to her parents and her hate for the Undead that made her only focus on her duty, but it is not something that I wish to pry into just yet.

So I just tore down that duty-focused mindset of hers, and hopefully when I see her next time, I'll see and learn more about Aurelia and who she exactly is for herself.

"Is it wrong that I got attached to her so easily?" Hildr questions as she turns away from the road Aurelia took so to look in my direction.

I couldn't help but snort at her question, "Considering the company you had in Falkreath, getting attached to Aurelia is the right fuckin' choice."

She bursts out laughing at that before she snaps at the reins of her horse, resuming our trip down the road and towards Winterhold.

Once the road becomes less fucked up, we can push our horses, so we'll probably reach the College in two or three days at most.

"How's the study of the Spells I got you going, by the way?" Hildr perks up at that, face lighting up at the chance to chat about magic. Cute.

Her face kinda reminds me of Gretel when she smiles, now that I think about it.

"It's going well!" She exclaims, raising one gloved hand to conjure a cloud of dense smoke and floating, flickering blood-red embers, "I've already got two of them down, though the hardest part is how to ignite them from a distance without throwing another fire-based Spell at it."

I hum and cup the chin of my Krosis mask, "I should also think about adding a detonation effect to my Magic Missile, now that I think about it." Usually, in games, adding an explosive effect makes the penetrative ability absolutely worthless, as the projectile explodes before they can penetrate further.

But I know for a fact this won't happen here, and instead my Draconian Howl will instead explode each time it impacts something, so instead it'll turn even deadlier.

I need to make it pack more of a punch than it already does, because so far, we've only been fighting against the scrub Dragons. The worthless ones that have been hiding away this whole time like Mirmulnir.

I doubt Alduin wasted his time going around to bring back the cannon fodder of his army, and instead has very likely been going around grabbing his trusted aides, his generals, and his strongest warriors.

"I still find it absolutely insane how you can so easily change a Spell…" Hildr mutters beneath her breath, making me tilt my head to the side.

I do use Souls to cheat when I modify my Spells and Evolve them, yes, but…

I raise a lone finger and create the sparkling and humming star that is my Draconian Howl before Hildr's wide gaze, then just… will it to start spinning.

The glittering star, albeit slowly, does start spinning while the hum it releases becomes slightly louder.

This of course does not come without cost, as I feel the drain on my Magicka reserves grow bigger the faster I make the glittering star spin. Still, it is not a drain that is enormous or wasteful, probably due to my massive reserves.

"I really do not understand why you seem to find this hard." I muse aloud, then nod towards Hildr, "Conjure a fireball in your hand."

She doesn't question me and swiftly follows suit, creating a large, head-sized ball of crackling flames floating in the palm of her gloved right hand. "Now, do you know how to make fire hotter?"

Hildr furrows her brows at me, "By… feeding it wood? Or something to burn?" I chuckle and shake my hand.

"Oxygen. Or the very air you breathe in." Her eye widen in shock and surprise, "Breathe in and out, and try to have your fireball breathe in the surrounding oxygen."

Hildr keeps her gaze on me for a few seconds before closing her lone eyes and starting to take a slow and deep breathe, then lets it out slowly.

She does it again, yet no change.

But it happens on the third deep breath. As she breathes in, the fireball shudders and lights up, the air warping around it as it grows visibly hotter and brighter.

So much so that Hildr notices it and snaps her eyes open to stare at the glowing fireball in her hands, at least several times hotter than the previous one, "Holy fuck…"

Yeah, I've always had this thought. It's not that Skyrim's magic is not advanced, or that it's bad… But it's their studies and research into physics and these kinds of fields that are not as advanced.

They have many ways of making Spells stronger, like through chanting or the Magic Stones and equipment, but what they don't know is that the very world around them can help make their Spells stronger.

"How did that feel?" I question Hildr, who swiftly gets a hold of this new ability and makes her Fireball grow in size and heat once more.

"It's…" She starts, wetting her lips as she dispels the Spell, "A big drain on my reserves, but it is very easy once I get a feel of it." The excitement in her voice couldn't be hidden, and it does make me chuckle softly.

I didn't focus too much on these studies back home, but I can recall several things that can easily make Spells stronger by just changing one thing or two.

"I'll write down everything I can remember that can help you and you can study at your own time once we reach the College. If I forget, do remind me, please." Her face lights up at that, making me glad that I paid attention in class.

Honestly, even whatever else I can remember and put down won't be as worth as her being able to let her flames draw in oxygen. With that alone, she can easily grow to be a powerhouse once she masters it.

Imagine if she can mix that with her Familiar. That'll be terrifying.

Though, I remember that there is a type of fire that is invisible during the day… Something to think about later.

I perk up when I see Hildr frown and lift her head, sniffing the air a few times before glaring at the slightly cloudy sky, "Looks like we might catch some rain." She mutters aloud while I take notice of something in the woods far ahead of us.

"It could be worse!" I start cheerfully, making her look at me with a raised brow.

"We could get raided by bandits!" And that's when an arrow stabs into my chest, cracking and shattering when it impacts my massively reinforced frozen corpse.

A tree falls and smashes into the road, not really blocking our path as our horses can easily just jump over the damn thing, but… Free Souls!

"We surrender!" I call out cheerfully, hands high in the air as Hildr groans, already expecting the tomfoolery I am about to unleash upon these fools- Aww, it's just four idiots…

A big Nord wielding two axes taking the lead, a Khajiit following close behind with two daggers, a Breton wielding the bow, and a female Breton hanging behind him with what looks like a cheap wand for Spells.

I dismount my horse as the Nord stomps closer, nasty grins on his face that shows his yellowed and badly cared for teeth. "Man, ever heard of a toothbrush, pal?"

My question makes him halt right in front of me, then he turns to look at the Khajiit following behind for some reason.

I tilt my head as he turns his head, making me notice- "That a new fade my boy?" I couldn't help it. My hand moved before I could even think.

"I like ya cut, G!" My palm viciously slaps against the nape of his neck, and to add more 'Oomph' to the already nasty blow, I add a Draconian Howl to the mix.

A roaring sonic boom roars forth, shaking the trees and utterly vaporizing the distracted Nord before he could even process anything.

Did I evaporate the Khajiit too? Aw man…

"The fuck was that?" Hildr questions aloud as the last two bandits don't even get the chance to turn around before she tosses an enormous fireball their way, setting them alight.

I turn to her with a shrug, "A very Ancient and cruel Spell, capable of the most thorough humiliation together with giving the target a nice compliment on their new hairstyle."

"Well, he sure as fuck ain't feelin' anything right now…" Hildr deadpans flatly, gaze thoroughly not impressed. But her lips are twitching so I can tell she is amused.

"Semantics."

I hope we meet more victims on our way to the College…


~~XXX~~​


"Hildr, look! It's Windhelm-!"

"If you hit the Palace of the Kings with your Magic Missile from here, I'll sacrifice a wheel of cheese to Sheogorath."

"...You miss Gretel, don't you?"

"Yes, a lot. Now, fuckin' do it!"

Boom!

"Shall we run- And she left me behind…"


~~XXX~~​


"Are we lost?"

"Why do you think that?"

"All I see is snow. We haven't seen a road in like… five hours, and it's about to get dark."

"I mean, as long as the mountains are on our left and we keep going straight, then we'll reach Winterhold!"

"Leo… You don't have a map, do you?"

"...I may have forgotten to get it from Aurelia."

"I hate you."

"Have some faith, woman!"

"In you? Never."


~~XXX~~​


In the end, we somehow managed to reach Winterhold. Somehow.

It took one day longer than we expected, mostly due to having underestimated the sheer amount of snow on the way there, but Hildr got a workout by basically heating up the air around us for our horses.

I even called her a portable fireplace once, and got hit by a house-sized fireball as my reward, so I have learned my lesson and shall proceed to call her that more often.

Still… Winterhold is fucking enormous. I expected a small village, like Falkreath, not a full blown city built into the side of a mountain and towards the cliff where the college lay, standing above the ocean waters below.

I did not expect this, but I did learn from my previous researches that Winterhold is one of the main source of ores, raw materials and weaponry in Skyrim.

And I can see that now, with how they seem to have hollowed out a piece of the large mountain beside them – far bigger than the one in the game, now that I think about it – so to build further into it.

It looks very interesting, and I can't wait to explore the place a bit at a later date. And not only to find targets to terrorize when I have that craving for some civilians casualties.

"This is a city of blacksmiths…" Hildr muses as we walk down the road, having left our tired and famished horses at the stable so to let them rest as much as they want.

"Yeah… No shit they don't get along with the mages of the College." The population of Winterhold is surely all about brawn, while the Mages are all about the power of Magic and whatnot. I can respect both, as mixing them together can lead to incredible things.

"Will that be a problem for us in the future?" Hildr questions, slightly nervous, but also visibly excited as we draw closer and closer to the College.

"I don't think they'll turn us away in case we want to buy stuff." I muse, having already noticed a very large building for the Merchant Guild as we walked through the city. "But the College is known for having caused a great deal of disasters that harmed the city, so… We'll have to prove ourselves trustworthy."

Because leave it to the proud Mages not to find a secluded and distant area where there will be no casualties so to undergo their experiments and whatnot.

Turning around another corner down the street, we finally reach the gate that leads towards the bridge of the College, the enormous castle standing proud and far above the frigid waters below.

"Excited?" I question Hildr, who looks like she is shivering, shaky smile on her face as we approach the bridge.

"Aren't you?" How do I tell her that I've become the Archmage of this place so many times that it has gotten old?

By the way… Where the fuck is Faralda? Shouldn't she be waiting out here, all alone, in the cold, for twenty-four hours straight of every day, of every month, to have any new Magic student shoot a flimsy firebolt at the floor so to see if they are 'worth joining the College'?

No? We can just walk right in? Don't mind if I do then.

As we walk across the suspended stone bridge – which actively looks like it has been repaired and reinforced instead of the one that looked one bad storm away from collapsing – I turn my head to the right and towards the horizon.

I am so far up that I can see so many islands in the distance, but my gaze focuses on the biggest and the most distant one.

One I am sure not only houses the Serpent Stone… But also one of the Dragon Priests I know nothing of.

It is quite far from the College, but I'll find a way to go and check it out in the future. For now, I don't feel confident enough to go there yet.

Krosis was stupid and overconfident, so he got bodied the moment he lost his cool from me being me. Plus, my Draconian Howl gave me a massive edge against him.

But had he not played around, he could have probably killed Aurelia before I got there.

It's annoying, but it also opened my eyes to how truly horrifying the other Dragon Priests will surely be, and to not underestimate them.

I turn my gaze back towards the College just as we step through the main gates that lead into the square with the large statue in it and the entrance to the main hall and the dormitories.

It all looks so enormous, but it is also protected by the snow, seeing how the garden is glistening green with large trees growing fruits despite the snow still falling down all around us.

I perk up when I take notice of the people at the front of the statue, a group of teachers and students discussing things from the looks of it, and- Would ya look at that, Savos Aren!

And the golden man in black and gold clothing standing beside him is the Thalmor agent Ancano. I already dislike him a lot. Such a slappable face.

Me and Hildr pause, expecting someone to come and talk to us, but… Why wait!?

"Leo…?" Sorry lady, gotta make myself known. I cannot wait.

So I step forward and start walking towards Savos Aren, swiftly gaining his and Ancano's attention.

The relaxed smile on Savos Aren's face instantly twitches and grows stiff while I grow closer, while Ancano scowls in disgust and takes a step forward, gloved hand reaching forward.

"The College truly has fallen low to let even stray beggars in-" Ancano starts, mostly muttering beneath his breath, but his words barely finish as I take a step closer to him, tilt the right side of my body backward, stretch out my whole arm, spread all five of my fingers, then-

"Get yo' bitch ass outta my face!" - proceed to slap him across the face with the meanest, most humiliating bitch-slap that ever graced the land of Skyrim.

So strong it was – I had to hold back from not killing him, sadly enough – that teeth went flying, then his body followed, doing a wonderful spin and twirl just a few feet off the ground as he flies out of my way.

And I proceed to step up to Savos Aren, pat him on the shoulder, and ask him a very important question.

"Tell me, does my Mask evoke some kind of PTSD in you?"

And this is how you make the best first impression possible!



A.N. Gods, I need to speed up my update speed.

Hope y'all enjoyed this chapter! I'll get into explaining what the gift Sheogorath left for Leo for the next chapter, but it is quite easy to understand.

Next chapter will show what Aurelia's training will be like, and what she will train in besides the Thu'um, and other stuff.

Until then, take care y'all!

And remember, if you wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of this one, then hop on over to my !

p at re on. com / SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, BrendanS.A, Frost DeSanta and 1,765 others
Musashi-Chan
Dec 7, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 26
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Dec 19, 2024
Add bookmark
#3,132
"The atmosphere in the College is very, very competitive." Faralda explains as she leads the tour, "Everything is a competition. To classes, to duties, to researches, so on and so forth."

"There are empty rooms within the dorms of the Hall of Attainment that can be bought, though keeping them will be up to your ability. Some of the Mages in the College enjoy kicking others out despite having no need for another room."

"With your funds, you can also better decorate your room. Alchemy ingredients, an Enchanting table, so on and so forth."

"The College grants its students a lot of freedom, but do not abuse it."

So on and so forth went Faralda as she took us around the College grounds, a very pleased smile on her face clearly having put there from me slapping the absolute dogshit out of Ancano.

Dude's face was so swollen when they dragged him away, still unconscious from the likely concussion and brain damage I gave the guy.

"Why so much competition?" Hildr questions Faralda as we arrive before a large board with slips of paper hammered all over it. Some kind of missions board, right next to the Hall of Attainment.

Perhaps a way for the students to make money and experience?

"A save environment breeds nothing but lethargic Magicians going at everything with the pace of a snail." Faralda sighs out, stopping and crossing her arms with a distant gaze in her eyes, "Plus, there was still competition, it was just… More violent. Now? Now what gets hurt the most is pride, which people have a lot of."

I snort at that. Couldn't agree more, lady.

"But a more competitive environment instead forces everyone to keep on pushing themselves, afraid that someone overtakes them and takes away all they own." She inclines her head, rueful smile on her face, "It can get a bit much, but a Mage must learn how to adapt to any situation."

I nod lightly at that, "Gotta agree with your words, lady." It is one of the things I dislike about Mages, in fact. "Mages find security in standing at the back of an army, and somehow dare take pride in it and belittle the soldiers, yet dare not stand at the very front."

Faralda's smile grows at that, "I'm sure few would argue when these words come out of the man who fought a Dragon and-" She coughs into her fist with twitching lips, "-blew his ass up."

I perk up at that while Hildr groans aloud, "Oh dear, have tales about my tomfoolery reached this far?" I don't really care about fame and things like that, but I do wanna hear some songs about me from the Bards.

Mostly to hear what they come up with. I really should go and find some Bards around Winterhold when I fully settle down and find some free time on my hands.

"Mostly the battle against the Dragon outside Whiterun." Faralda nods, a grim look on her face, "Though we also received news of the recent fight against that army of Undead too. I'd love to hear more details about both battles once you are fully settled down."

Shaking her head to get herself on track, the near-bronze skinned woman turns her head towards the board beside the large doors leading into the dormitories, "Either way, this is the Quest Board. It gets updated weekly, with new requests for help coming from Windhelm, Dawnstar and Winterhold too."

"It is a way for the Mages of the College to travel, earn their living expenses, and also earn experience, as a majority of these Quests are all about taking care about the plenty of Frost Trolls around the area."

Now that has my full interest?

A nice, quick way for me to have access to locations for bandits and Trolls to kill?

My next Evolution should be a big one, and while I am not in a hurry, I'd rather start working towards it already than come to a point where I desperately need it yet am nowhere close to attaining it.

It's just one-hundred Souls, which is still insane, but with Bandits and Trolls within reach – and very likely Falmers too – I can easily reach that goal with a little focus and commitment.

"Is there a limit to how many one can take?" I ask Faralda as I eye the Quest Board as if it is a juicy steak. I'd rather not cause problems if I just go and yoink a dozen Quests at once.

Faralda smiles and shakes her head, "You can grab as many as you want, even if it is to just save them up. You'd be surprised at how many requests we receive each week." And I am surprised people want Mages so much in Skyrim.

But I guess one can put aside their dislike and prejudice if it is for a greater need.

I've seen it happen quite a few times, after all. The Companions are sworn to not take part in wars due to previous accidents where some of their shield-brothers would end up facing each other on the battlefield.

Yet, when the Dragon attacked Whiterun, they did not hesitate to pick up arms and join the battle, nor did they request for monetary rewards or the likes afterwards.

And the same happened against Krosis, where they willingly decided to join Balgruuf's army and stand at his back against the swarm of Undead creatures.

It was… An inspiring sight, really. People willing to set their rules aside so to do something greater than them.

"What about books and Spell Tomes?" Hildr asks, delighted smile on her face, "Where can they be acquired?"

"Depends." Faralda inclines her head, "Books about anything you can imagine can be found in the Arcaneum, which is accessible through the Hall of the Elements." She nods towards the main doors behind the massive statue of Shalidor. "The stairs that go downward lead to the enormous library we are very proud of."

"As for Spell Tomes, you go to the Master of the required school of magic." Her hand comes up to rest on her chest, "For example, I am the current Master of Destruction Magic. So you come find me when you wish to acquire some." And Hildr is already trembling in excitement.

She is so much like Gretel sometimes, I swear. Which is cute.

"Guess all that's left is grabbing a room?" I muse aloud, "I presume that the more we pay, the better and bigger the room?"

Surprisingly, Faralda actually shakes her head, "The rooms at the bottom floor generally cost less, as they are small, perfect for a table for Enchanting, Alchemy, a shelf for both and for writing, and a bed. All a Mage really needs."

"The bigger rooms do cost a bit more, but they can cost even less because the price can be split, depending on if two Mages wish to stay in it together."

I hum at that, and Hildr turns towards me, "Wanna grab a big one and split it, then?" I tilt my head her way at her offer. It could be useful.

I presume they are there also for the Mages that prefer having strength and confidence in numbers, because if one Mage wishes to kick them out, said Mage must defeat them both together.

Then, an idea strikes at me.

"Say… Where does Ancano sleep?" I question Faralda, making her eyes widen. Then her smile soon follows as she catches what I am thinking.

"Top floor of the Hall of Attainment – because of course he wants to stand above others – due to him being an… 'Advisor' for the Archmage, yet not really a teacher that all the others have approved off."

So, basically, because none of the teachers like his dumbass, they forced him to sleep among the students…

Wonderful!

I presume that is also because, in order to become a teacher and join their ranks, all the teachers or the majority must agree.

"So, what you're saying is… I can steal his shit?" Faralda's answer is a wide grin.

Hell, even Hildr is giving me a nice and vicious grin.

"Don't underestimate him. Arrogant he may be, but he is a very powerful Mage." Faralda begrudgingly admits, making me shrug.

I threw hands and utterly humiliated a Dragon Priest. Ancano is nothing compared to that monster.

"How do these challenges work, exactly?" I question Faralda, mostly because I do not want to be caught off guard by some stupid gimmick like the 'opponent picking a magic school' or the like.

"It is a duel. Magical might prevails, simple as that."

…

Guess I got this in the bag- Actually, I might make Ancano pop like a balloon? I can't really use Draconian Howl on his dumbass…

"Can I take him on?" Hildr asks, excitement in her voice, making me perk up and turn towards her.

"You sure?" She nods, determination filling her lone eye.

"I want to test some of those tricks you taught me." I hum, then shrug.

If she is sure, then I'll trust her. She isn't one to bite more than she can chew, plus I have faith in her Spirit and in her control over it.

"Guess we just gotta wait for our victim to wake up from his concussion." I muse aloud, then shrug again, "Thanks for the tour, Miss Faralda."

The woman inclines her head with a relaxed smile, "You are most welcome. If you need anything else, then look for those with robes that hold this symbol-" She taps a spot on her chest, where the symbol of the College lay on her dark gold robes. "-upon them."

With that, she takes her leave, allowing me and Hildr to take a seat on one of the nearby benches since we gotta wait for the fuckwit to wake up.

"You confident for the fight?" I ask Hildr as I set the bag down beside my legs and fish out a certain dark purple book.

She makes a so-so gesture as she hums, leaning back against the wall behind us to just take in the appearance of the College's main courtyard. "It took quite a while, but I was able to get that oxygen thing down with my Spirit too."

I perk up at that. She had previously bemoaned that it was quite hard because while she was mentally connected to her Spirit, the order she could give it are simple. Complicated ones just fly over it's head.

Decades old it may be now, but it still retains a simple mind focused only on fighting. Which is expected of a Fire Spirit, from her own words.

I hum and tap the book into my other open palm as I consider her words, "Perhaps you are training with your Spirit the wrong way." I muse softly, drawing her attention towards me, "What if you need to train it, while in it's favored environment?"

Hildr furrows her brows as she considers my words, "So… during a fight?" I nod.

"You said it yourself; Simple orders are best with him, but he does share your knowledge, no?" I point out, making her pause, "Back against that army of the Undead, I am sure you ordered him to target them and only them… So he had to have been able to identify what is an Undead, and what isn't."

Her eye widens, "Hence, if I were to give him a simple order related to making use of something I have knowledge off… He'll be able to easily pick up on it?" I snap my fingers her way.

"Simple orders with words you know the meaning off; Like, for example, 'Draw in the Oxygen around you.'" I tilt my head and shrug, "Now you know what Oxygen is, where it is, and how to draw it in. I am sure he'll find it quite easy to replicate that effect."

Hildr leans back and cups her chin in thought, "I'll have to put this theory to work. Thanks!" I wave off her thanks, earning a light punch to my shoulder as she grins. "Any other advice?"

I muse softly, "Perhaps try not to rely on your Spirit too much?" I propose, making her blink, "Some defensive Spells, or offensive close quarters one like a flaming sword. Things like that."

Hildr sighs and nods, "Yeah, I was thinking about that too. Just…" She flushes faintly, making me tilt my head her way, "I just… gotta put some weight on first."

I pause, then look her up and down, making her flush even harder, "I'm sure you already turn heads everywhere you go, but… alright?" I shrug again, and receive an embarrassed slap to the back of my head for my efforts.

Still, am honest. Nearly every woman I've seen in this world is quite the beauty.

Aurelia is downright breathtaking with her gentle and captivating charm, while Hildr has more of that sexy, strong and rough on the outside but sweet on the inside charm.

"Do you spout such things to every woman!?" Hildr growls, face flushed and teeth bared my way.

"Nah." I sniff, "I do like giving compliments without really having ulterior motives and whatnot, but I shall freely admit that I only do it towards those that I truly find stunning." And again, both her and Aurelia stand above all the other women I've seen so far.

Hildr grunts, face flushed cutely and nose scrunched up my way, "Whatever…" Heh, shy now, are we? Guess she doesn't handle compliments well.

"Still, I presume you have been slightly malnourished?" I question, and earn a faint but nervous nod from her.

"The clothes hide it, but I am basically all skin and bones beneath."

I hum at that, "Yeah, it's not good, especially with this current weather." I bump my shoulder against hers, "Take your time. You aren't lacking in funds."

I feel like a sugar daddy, now that I think about it…

"It just feels wrong to use your money over and over…"

"It actually is Ulfric's money." I point out, and Hildr very, very slowly turns to look at me.

So, I proceed to tell her about the Crown we sold and the amount of money Ulfric threw at it.

All of her guilt disappears into thin air after that. I am actually surprised at how much she hates the guy, especially when she doesn't support the Imperials either.

Actually, I think she hates them both equally? Probably because of how many problems they are causing.

Well, I haven't heard of any big battles between the two factions so far, but I highly doubt Ulfric will stand by and let Dawnstar lay in Imperials hands, especially with how close it is to Windhelm.

"What are you planning on focusing on learning?" I ask Hildr as she leans back, looking quite relaxed but also very travel weary.

She hums softly at my question, a lone gloved hand going up to run through her long dark-red hair, "I'll finish mastering the Spells you bought for me, then get down that Ward Skin Spell Aurelia showed to me before."

"After that…" She muses, rolling a single lock of hair between her fingers as she thinks about it, "Probably a Healing Spell, as it will never hurt to have one, then I'll grab three Destruction Spells that will suit me and focus on those."

"Hm… I wish I could teach you Anodyne." It is a powerful Healing Spell, especially since it creates a large field.

Hildr's eyes widen at my words, "Wait, that enormous dome you created outside of Whiterun!?"

"Oh nah, that's the stronger version called Sanctuary. Anodyne is much, much smaller." Hildr gives a nervous chuckle at that.

"Yeah, I doubt I could cast that enormous dome with my reserves…" Yeah, mine are absolute bullshit now that I think about it.

Still, I do need to find a way to try and teach others my Spells. Mostly because I have a Spell in mind that should be easy to make and share with others, and I want to spread it all over so to better reinforce Skyrim for the future Dragon invasion.

Especially since not everyone can learn the Flesh based Alteration Spells, mostly because according to Aurelia, they are not only hard to learn, but can be fatal too.

One mishap can lead to a magical explosion either outside the body, or even inside it. And the second one is assured to be either lethal or crippling.

And while the higher tier Restoration Spells can regrow limbs, such treatment is not cheap.

"I could try and mimic that Frost Spell of yours, now that I think about it…" I perk up, returning my attention to Hildr as she cups her chin in thought, "The giant dome you created against the enormous Dragon. I could recreate it with my Fire Magic."

I tilt my head, "That's definitely an idea. Can be useful to deal with large groups of targets, especially if you can control the size." I will have to either upgrade my Winter's Wrath Spell or actually do away with it.

It is powerful, yes, but it is something best used against large amounts of targets grouped together, or a big enough target.

Though any Dragon can easily escape the dome, and the titanic Dragon we fought just shrugged it off like it was nothing.

I know I can remove it and change it, I can feel it. The stronger I grow, the more I feel like I can understand the System better.

It has given me a lot of freedom so far, and I am not tied to the Spell Slots in terms of arsenal. I can safely wield my Restoration Magic and Frost Magic without problem, create new Spells without much trouble.

Spell Slots are just there for me to modify a Spell to inhuman levels, like my Draconian Howl.

"...Do you think I can copy that busted Magic Missile of yours with my Fire Magic?" I pause at Hildr's question.

"I've actually thought about it before." I reveal, much to her surprise, "And you'd be surprised at how easy it can be."

It is simple Thermodynamics, if I remember right. "Though it'll require some testing, as I do have some ideas that you can grab and tweak at your own leisure."

"Like?"

"Pressure." I reveal, much to her confusion, "Let's say you were to suddenly appear at the bottom of the ocean- Like, the very, very bottom. The pressure there will be so great and immense that it'll squeeze you into literal powder within a split-second."

Her face blanches at that, but I push through, "So do the same to a fireball. Create it, then compress it, and keep compressing it as much as possible. Once it impacts against something or someone, the lid will come loose, and the force it will unleash will be immense."

It is actually something that I want to do with my Draconian Howl in the future, but it is still a Spell I shouldn't really mess around with too much currently.

I have made it far too strong. Thinking back on the Bandits we encountered a few days ago, the sight of them being completely vaporized by my Draconian Howl was… insane.

One of them wasn't even the target, and he just disappeared due to the shock-waves it releases on take-off.

So yeah, I do not see a reason to push that dangerous Spell even further currently.

"You just keep on giving me more stuff to think and try out…" Hildr sighs out, though not out of annoyance. I can tell that she likes to have stuff to focus on, especially Magic based stuff.

I shrug with a chuckle and cross my legs, setting down the Daedric book on them as I do so.

Receiving this out of nowhere was quite unexpected, but most definitely not unwanted. It is possibly one of the best treasures that can fit me, currently.

"What's the big deal about the book, anyway?" My red haired friend questions, bumping her shoulder again as she leans over to peer at the closed book, "I didn't think the God of Madness would have a Book of all things as an artifact."

I hum softly at that, "Delving too deep into Magicka researches can drive one into insanity." I point out, making Hildr still, "Either because they refuse to give in, or because the answers they find are… a bit beyond them."

And this book, as I have come to find out, doesn't hold the scribbles of those researchers and magicians that went insane and wrote down their findings within this book.

No, this book records them all by itself. As long as a Mage holds this book, everything they learns will be recorded within it.

"But who would seek such a thing?" Hildr questions, and I chuckle softly as I use my foot to point in a certain direction.

She blinks, then follows the direction my foot is pointing towards. She finds her answer, and goes completely white in the face. "Shalidor held this book?!"

I nod, "He made a deal with Sheogorath – the previous one – and gave up the island sanctuary for all Mages on Tamriel in exchange for this book." Though the island is back now after the battle during the Second Era. A place worthy for a trip in the future, I believe.

All for Glamoril, which should still lay in Labyrithian. I do wonder what it is, as I believe the lore I've read up on never went deep into it.

There were speculations, but I care little for those.

I have so much knowledge at my very fingertips, but there is one thing that I must focus on. One thing that few can handle, because it can make their very brain collapse.

A new type of Sense. The Magicka Sense.

It was discovered by a mage during the early First Era. A sixth sense of sort that allowed one to feel everything around them by expanding a dome of Magicka.

Feel. As if touching.

It was a passing thought while I opened the book, but that is exactly how the book works. The moment I think of something, pages holding such answers appear before me.

I am sure the book holds some form of mental effect, something to make people either addicted to it and go wild from the knowledge and whatnot… But either Sheogorath has spared me from that, or my Undead state makes me unable to fall to mental manipulations.

So now I have found something to focus on. My aim is to master this Magicka Sense, then go from there, see what I can find or think up so to further develop it.

Or, if it becomes a Skill, grab a Dragon Soul so to evolve it.

I do not enjoy being so desperate for something, but… I need this. I want to feel myself touching something, even if it has to be a goddamn wall.

I tap the book on my knee as I hum, then my thoughts stray towards another subject that I find myself interested in.

Scrolls.

"Say, are Spells Scrolls pricey?" I question Hildr, who tilts her head at my question.

Still, she nods, "Quite so, though there is a type of Spell Scroll that costs a lot more than the other type." She leans forward, resting her forearms on her crossed legs, "The normal Spell Scroll is one that is for single use. Once activated, it cannot be used again, so the price for these can vary, especially for far more powerful Spells."

"The other type instead, while quite weaker than the single use Scrolls, costs a lot more due to being able to be used over and over again as long as it isn't back to back. These are called Sorcerer Scrolls, and while the Spells woven into them is at least half as strong as the one woven into a single use Scroll, it gives one the assurance of multiple uses."

I cup the chin of my mask and hum softly, "Fascinating…"

Truly, a good way to spread some Healing Spells around. If I can wove Anodyne or even Sanctuary in one, I can sell them to Balgruuf and the Companions for very little, as a way to make sure that they have some of my support even from far away.

"How are they even made, by the way?"

Hildr shrugs, "I heard it is through Daedric Runes, like Enchanting, but I do not know about the 'how'."

Huh… Even more stuff to look up, I guess.

I sigh deeply, and Hildr mimics me right after.

"When is that dumbfuck waking up-"

"YOU DAMNABLE MONGREL!"

"Hildr! I chose you!"


~~XXX~~​


Climbing to the top of High Hrothgar was both difficult and annoying, Aurelia had to admit.

The sheer amount of Frost Trolls she bisected or kicked down the mountain was mind boggling, though it also helped her get used to Dawnbreaker.

The weapon was warm to her, yet blazing hot to the Frost Trolls. It kept her nice and warm, melting all the snow around her with the heat it left off.

And her heart warmed a great deal at the thought that Leonidas annoyed a Goddess that hates the Undead just to get her this powerful Daedric Artifact.

Damnable, annoying and far too charming man…

And now she left him alone with Hildr. Should she start considering her a rival already? Should she just do away with this training and just catch up to them and keep them separated?

A part of her really wanted to. She already deeply longed for Leonidas, his presence and his voice, and his usual idiocy.

Hell, he'd have probably strangled the Greybeards instead of just giving them a nasty glare like she did when she reached their temple/mansion.

Still, her trip to towards the Throat of the World left her very much alone with her thoughts, and the only thing she could think about, besides Leonidas, was something he told her recently.

"Who are you for yourself?"

Who is she for herself indeed… For as long as she could think of, she always thought of just putting her meager strength to the use and benefit of others.

Protecting people from Bandits, slaying vile Undead threatening to spill out into the world, protecting caravans and clearing areas of wild beasts.

Things like that always kept her occupied. Day in, day out, since the day she left her home.

It was the only thing she could do, and she kept on doing it, or else her mind wandered back to that day-

She shakes her head and breathes out, finding her steps growing heavier the closer she gets to the top of the enormous mountain.

Aurelia walked through clouds, and walked past ancient shrines that she doubted had been visited by many since the Merethic Era.

She walked and walked… Until finally, her head breaches the upper cloud layer, and she finds herself standing atop a fast expanse of flat stone right atop the cloudy sea.

Her eyes widen at the admittedly breathtaking sight, and she finds herself just stopping to enjoy it, something that a few days ago she would have never done.

She enjoys the view of the cloudy sea, of the sun high in the sky, of the bright sky above. The sight of it all filled her eyes, and she found herself having to force her eyes away so to take in the rest of the flat expanse of stone that is the Throat of the World.

The first thing she notices is a Word Wall, looking very, very ancient yet still standing tall on the other side of the rather massive wide open area.

Then she takes note of Paarthurnax, yet he wasn't alone. The same gargantuan Dragon she, Leonidas and Hildr had fought outside Falkreath was standing with him.

"Welcome to the Throat of the World, Dovahkiin." Paarthurnax speaks up, his voice just as powerful yet kind as she remembers.

Aurelia swallows heavily, then steps forward to approach the two ancient Dragons, "Sorry for the wait." She couldn't help but apologize, even if it really hadn't been a long time since their first meeting.

Paarthurnax chuckles deeply and bows his head, "Time is but a meaningless thing before us Dragons, young one." Right, children of the God of Time. She should remember that.

Turning towards the giant Dragon whose name she still does not know, Aurelia's gaze softens lightly, "Have you found the answers you were looking for?" She asks gently, and the Dragon lowers his gaze.

"The answers are easy to find." The ancient Dragon states softly, "It is accepting them that is the hard part." Her heart ached for the giant gentle beast before her.

Aurelia finds herself being very, very glad that there is more to Dragons than just mindless beasts that seek domination, supremacy, and slaughter.

"So…" Gulping again, and glad that Dawnbreaker was a big source of heat for her while resting over her back, Aurelia speaks up once more, "What will my training be about?"

The two ancient Dragons share a look, with the giant one giving Paarthurnax a low nod. So, Paarthurnax sighs and bows his head, "First, you must understand that the situation is dire, young one."

"Alduin, while massively weakened due to him being banished across time, will recover in due time. He will rebuild his forces, and won't be as foolish or as arrogant like in the Merethic Era."

The ancient Dragon's gaze bores into Aurelia, "There will be no third chance. No more Dragonborns. You are the Last Dragonborn, whether we win or lose."

This time, it is the giant Dragon that speaks up, "Hence, you must grow. You must master the Dragon Tongue, and master yourself."

"Only then will you be able to stand as an equal against the World-Eater."

Despite the nervousness deep within her bones, despite her self-doubt, her fears and her desire to have the one that had quickly become her pillar stand beside her at this point… Despite all that, Aurelia clenches her fists and stands strong, a determination filling her eyes.

"Where do I start?"

The giant Dragon bows his head in respect, "This training shall be hard. It will push you to the point of breaking. Mentally and physically."

"You will learn all the humans – the Greybeards below – have mastered through the years. Then…"

"You shall master it all through combat."

Aurelia's brows furrow at that last part, "Combat?"

Paarthurnax nods, "I will tell you the names of the Dragons that support Alduin. You shall call for them, issuing a challenge here, upon the Throat of the World."

"They will answer. You will battle. And you will grow stronger and master everything through combat."

Her body trembles at that. This was truly… A very, very dangerous kind of training that puts everything she did in her life before to shame.

Yet, a part of her actually… relished in it. So much so she didn't even see the slightly nervous, yet excited grin on her face. "I understand. I will do my best."

Paarthurnax chuckles deeply, "I know you will, young one." Flicking one of his wings, the ancient Dragon turns to face the old Word Wall, "Come, I have a gift for you."

Aurelia steps forward, and she could instantly feel the deep call coming from the wall. Ancient words and knowledge whispering within her mind and ears.

Nothing like all the other Word Walls. This one alone stood above the few others that she encountered before.

"This wall holds all of my many, many years of knowledge and wisdom of the Fire Breath Shout. I gift them to you, young one."

The energy within those lone three words carved into the stone by the faint whisper of a mighty Dragon seeped into her flesh and bones, carving themselves into her very mind and Soul.

Aurelia gasps and blinks as she snaps out of the tense trance she had fallen into.

And then she breathes out as she feel the essence of the very Sun itself resting upon her lips.

Behind her, Paarthurnax's gentle voice rings out, "Let it out, young one."

And so she does.

A faint whisper flows past her lips. Her Soul lets out a sigh of relief.

And the clouds disappear as the sky is scorched red for the rest of the day.

As the sight of the power she just unleashed fills her eyes, Aurelia couldn't help herself but let her thoughts wander…

...And hope that Leonidas wasn't causing any chaos, wherever he was.


~~XXX~~​


"GetitoffgetitoffgetitoffgetitoffgetITOFFGETITTHEFUCKOFFMEEEE-!"

"I say he is overreacting. What a baby." I scoff, arms crossed as I turn away from the pathetic sight.

"Huh, my Spirit's flames just turned blue… Cool." Hildr speaks up, the howls of her Spirit and the roaring of his flames filling my ears.

Blue flames? Oh dear…

"P-Perhaps we should put a stop to this…?" I hear someone state, sounding very nervous and afraid. They are either a teacher or a student, as we do have quite the crowd for this 'duel'.

"I don't hear a surrender though?" I shrug, then tilt my head, "Hey Ancano! You wanna surrender yet?"

My answer is a girlish squeal followed by another bestial roar of madness and glee, followed by further crackling flames.

I turn towards Hildr as the 'battle' keeps on going, "It was hilarious, wasn't it?" The woman turns to me and lifts a lone brow, "He really went 'You have no idea the kind of power I wield!' and then started using the Sparks Spell against your Spirit!"

Hildr instantly keels over with a loud wheeze, nearly crumbling down to her knees as she gasps and wheezes out choked laughter.

I laugh myself. Until the words of a spectator bring me to a pause, "Archmage! Why aren't you putting a stop to this?!"

"Archmage?! Where?!" I pounce around, eyes stalking every inch of the large hall – made specifically for battles between Mages – in search of the cowardly Archmage.

My eyes soon land on his form, now speed-walking towards the large doors of the spherical room.

"Come over here, Savos Aren! Look me in the eyes!" I instantly pounce his way with all the gait of a very angry gorilla.

The man stops speed-walking, and actually starts fucking running.

"Why are you running?! Why are you running!?"

You know, maybe not having Aurelia around is quite dangerous for… Well, anyone my eyes land on.

…

Fuck it, we ball.

I'll become a Cognitohazard, I swear to fucking God-


A.N. The Gods are all begging for Aurelia to go back and restrain Leonidas at this point.

And it ain't even been a week.

Anyway, I have shown a bit of what the Daedric Book can do, and what Aurelia's training will be like.

More will of course be shown in the coming chapter, together with more stuff.

And remember, if you wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of this one, then hop on over to my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed it, folks!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, BrendanS.A, Daniil and 1,689 others
Musashi-Chan
Dec 19, 2024
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 27
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jan 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,223
"That is enough." Paarthurnax instructs, and Aurelia does her best to not crumble down on her ass as she groans.

Her throat burned and ached in ways she could never have imagined.

Five times. That was the limit on how many times she can use the Shouts before her throat started hurting like hell and she'd end up losing her voice for the entire day.

Even Healing Magic doesn't work! It's like her Healing Spell is trying to fight against something and horribly losing the fight.

The pain doesn't last long, of course. From a few hours to a whole day, depending on the strength of the final Shouts used, but she still found it very vexatious to be so limited.

"I feel like I am doing something wrong." She grumbles aloud, voice hoarse, a palm casting a simple Healing Spell held and rubbing against her throat, just to bring her some minor comfort.

"You have just started your training, Dovahkiin." Paarthurnax chides gently, shooting her a gentle look with his massive eyes, "And currently we are simply searching and studying your limits. Do not be discouraged by that."

Aurelia grumbles, knowing that he is right. The Mini-Leo in her head was also throwing a fuss at how she kept trying to find an issue to bring herself down.

"But it still feels like I am bashing my head against a mountain and hoping to get through." She points out, nearly kicking her feet in a childish manner. She was not pouting.

"The way you use the Thu'um is wrong." The resurrected titanic Dragon speaks, his enormous form lounging down on the flat ground of the Throat of the World. "But that is natural, as you have not been taught how to properly wield it."

"And because of what you are." She furrows her brows at that.

"The Dragonborn?" The dragon shakes his head slowly, confusing her even more.

"You are a Dragon in Soul, but not in body." He points out, making her eyes widen, "The way a Dragon and a Race of Men use the Thu'um is fundamentally different."

Aurelia realizes that the Dragon is right. She doesn't have the body of a Dragon, even if devouring the Soul of one increases the strength of her body by massive levels that no amount of training can match.

"Tell me, what is the difference between your Fire Breath Shout, and the one wielded by a Dragon?" Paarthurnax questions, earning her narrowed gaze.

She mulls it over for a few seconds before tilting her head, "Mine is not a constant stream of flames." She points out, remembering how Yolosqah's Fire Breath was a constant stream of intense flames.

While hers is an enormous wide-spread blast with immense range, heat and literal firepower.

Paarthurnax nods, "You see, the constant stream is something a Dragon must achieve first. It is not something we do naturally."

"And sometimes, not all Fire Breath Shouts are the same, for not receives the same form of enlightenment when pondering upon a Word."

"Sometimes it can be a constant stream of flames. Other times, the Mastery can go as far as change our own forms, granting us flaming manes. So on and so forth."

"The Mastery of each Word makes a Dragon stronger, and more wise. Those who have mastered many are known as Sages, among our kind."

Aurelia bites at her lower lip in nervousness at that. She could tell that in the future, she'll have to fight some of these Dragon Sages, for there surely are some that sided with Alduin.

The thought sent a shudder down her spine… But then she relaxed, for she knew that she had a terrifying monster on her side too.

A silly undead monster ready to utterly humiliate those Sages with utter ease.

"Then what happens if I Master a Word?" She questions curiously. She still couldn't really wrap her head around what exactly 'Mastery' of a Word truly meant, as Paarthurnax's words were too vague.

Pondering and understanding the meaning of the Word… She'll have to think quite hard about this.

"For us Dragons, Mastery means greater Power." The titanic Dragon answers, eyes closed as his head rests on the flat stone surface, "For Humans? Mastery means Control."

Aurelia crosses her arms at that while her eyes blink. Control… What kind of control?

Like changing the shape of the Shout? The power put behind it? Its reach?

Or everything?

"So I'll have to Master each Word, then?" She asks with a groan, earning a chuckle from Paarthurnax.

"You will find it easier than you think, young one. You just need not over-complicate it yourself." This time Aurelia does pout at the ancient Dragon, throwing a mild glare his way.

Still, his words helped her relax a great deal.

"Still, I am surprised that you guys can release that single blast with a Shout too." Aurelia muses aloud, head tilted to the side, "All the Dragons I've faced have been able to use the constant stream." Especially Yolosqah.

His breath attack was still the strongest she ever faced. Mostly because Paarthurnax had interrupted the Dragon currently lounging on the cold and hard stone surface from using his own Shout.

The one still hadn't gotten to using or testing out.

"We can turn the blast into a constant stream as soon as we master a single Word." Paarthurnax states, moving so that his imposing and mighty form sat right beside her, his head held high and gaze locked on the ocean of clouds before him. "Mastering the next words will simply add greater power to it, and Mastering more may allow one to modify the Shout in unpredictable ways."

Aurelia hums and nods, understanding that Yolosqah held mastery over two words of the Fire Breath Shout due to how insanely powerful he was.

Plus, his form irradiated heat, and Paarthurnax did state that further Mastery may lead to changes to one's Dragon body.

"As a human, the constant breath attack might be out of your reach… But you will be able to do so much more." That earns her attention, her wide eyes flicking towards the ancient Dragon sitting beside her, his mouth pulled back in what looked like a fanged grin of sorts.

"What do you mean?"

Paarthurnax chuckles, "The Humans and other Races have something similar to the Thu'um, no?" Aurelia's eyes widen even more, then her brows furrow in thought.

Something similar to the Thu'um? To the powerful Reality Bending effects of the Dragon Tongue?

What could be similar to such powerful words-…

"You mean Chanting…?" She whisper that last word with pure shock lacing her voice.

After all, Leonidas had the idea of fusing the Dragon Words with Chanting, so to empower Spells to horrifying levels.

So much so that rarely did she see him employ that tool in his arsenal. Even Krosis didn't require him to abuse that power.

Paarthurnax nods, stunning her, "Think on how the Fire Breath Shout works, then on how Chanting works."

Aurelia does exactly that, and she finds her answer near instantly.

The Fire Breath Shout Words are exactly 'Fire, Inferno, Sun'. Each word a great form of the previous one, overlaying over the other to add greater and more formidable might to the Shout.

Chanting works the same way, though it has a risk of causing the Spell to overload and go out of control.

Like the Shouts, Chanting works in starting from a simple word that matches the Spell, then speaking another that is a stronger form of the previous one.

She doesn't know exactly how it works, but each Word added to the chant increases the Spell's power by a great deal. She had heard of some Archmages capable of using six or seven words in their chants, turning even a simple fireball into something akin to a meteorite.

With each word, the power grows, doubles and swells, demanding immense if not perfect control over one's Magicka and the conjured Spell lest the Spell overloads and explodes in the Mage's face.

She never thought that the two could be tied together…

"So someone created Chanting through by taking inspiration from the Dragon Language?"

Paarthurnax nods, "It was through the efforts of a Dragon and a Human woman, in fact." That surprises Aurelia, "I believe this woman was the Second Archmage of the College. Quite the wonderful and intelligent individual, I must say." Paarthurnax praises deeply, head bowed in respect.

The second Archmage of the College of Winterhold… She had never heard of her, but Aurelia never went out of her way to research history.

Still… "She befriended a Dragon? Or became their disciple?"

Paarthurnax chucles, much to her confusion, "Oh no. They were lovers." Aurelia blinks.

How would that even work?

She really wanted to ask that question, but she held herself back. After all, she kinda was in the same situation…

"Lah was always an eccentric one." The titanic Dragon speaks up from behind them, making Aurelia snap herself out of her thoughts as she suppresses the flush on her cheeks.

"Lah?"

"The name of the Dragon I just spoke of." Aurelia feels a shudder go down her spine as Paarthurnax states those words.

The Dragon's name literally meant 'Magicka'.

"He was known as the 'Great Sage' among our kind. Few dared question his might. None survived challenging him." Aurelia suppresses another shudder at that.

There truly were a lot of monsters among the Dragons, and that just made her more nervous as time went on. But it also made her determination burn brighter and stronger.

Biting on her lower lip, Aurelia finds her curiosity hard to hold back as some recent memories resurface back up. Some about things that she kind of needed to know.

And with an ancient Dragon like Paarthurnax close to her, well… "Say, Paarthurnax." She speaks up, drawing the Dragon's gaze towards her much smaller form, "Can I ask you a question? It's… about the Dragon Priests."

The Dragon nods without any sort of annoyance visible in his large eyes and on his scaly face, so Aurelia takes in a deep breath, and asks her question.

"Who are Dinok and Konahriik?" Paarthurnax stills.

Arulia feels even the titanic Dragon lock up from his spot on the ground, and she instantly grows very nervous.

"First…" Paarthurnax starts, voice flat but gentle, "Where did you learn or come across those names?"

Aurelia furrows her brows at that, but she gulps and gestures with her hand towards the general direction of Whiterun, "Well… Dinok is there, sealed beneath Whiterun." She refused to believe that monster was truly sealed.

Aurelia feels it deep within her bones. That thing can break out whenever it wants, but doesn't for… some reason she just cannot grasp.

"I see…" Paarthurnax mutters deeply, his own gaze narrowed, "I thought she had been slain… How did she survive that battle…?" Aurelia could tell that there was a big story there. One she probably wasn't yet ready to learn of.

"What about Konahriik?" Paarthurnax questions, and Aurelia clears her throat.

"Leonidas brought the name up against Krosis, and… The Dragon Priest instantly became terrified after hearing it." It had baffled her, at the time.

But it also made her wonder about this 'Warlord' Dragon Priest, and why Leonidas asked about them.

Paarthurnax sighs deeply at her answer, "What a peculiar young man… His existence is truly…" The Dragon sighs again and shakes his head, not finishing his words despite Aurelia's desire to hear them.

Leonidas's past was still a big mystery to her, like hers was to his.

She could never bring herself to ask him about his past, when their first ever meeting was him waking up for the first time after dying.

As for herself… She never really found the courage or desire to bring her own past up, especially to him. It was still something she found hard to face, or think about.

"To answer your question…" The Dragon starts, and Aurelia listens.

"Konahriik and Dinok were- are, sisters. Twins, to be exact." Paarthurnax reveals, gaze distant, lost in ancient memories, "They are blessed by the very Gods. As children, they held might greater than many Dragons."

"Dinok mastered the Thu'um with laughable ease, while Konahriik mastered Magicka and all the Elements before she was ten years old."

Paarthurnax sighs. A sound filled with pain and regret.

"Konahriik was… Is, my Dragon Priest. My prized student and beloved disciple."

Aurelia feels her stomach drop, and dread starts building up within her chest as her lips open.

"...And Dinok?"

She knew it was coming.

Yet it still terrified her to her very core.

"She was Alduin's."


~~XXX~~​


"Okay so, let's write down everything we – and I mostly mean you – know and see where to go."

I start, slamming down an empty notebook on the large table in our new, massive, well-furnished room. Ancano truly is a kind man.

It's quite literally enormous, with a massive closet – which was filled with Thalmor clothes that swiftly got stuffed into the fireplace into the room and set on fire – a giant bed we had to split in half because Ancano really put two king sized beds side by side for some fucking reason.

There is an Enchanting Table similar to those in the game, an alchemy table with bookshelves and chests filled with ingredients and potions, and even some of Ancano's own notes and studies.

To not count the bookshelves filled with Spell Books mostly focused on Lightning Magic, which apparently is the rarest and obviously the most powerful due to its Anti-Magicka capabilities.

Aside from that, there's plenty of tables, couches, a bathroom with a literal magical bathtub because of fucking course the Thalmor must feel like a damn God even in a fuckin' College, and… That's it, yeah.

And now it has all been kindly donated to us!

I honestly expected the guy to put up a fight against Hildr, as he is obviously an experienced Battle Mage… But nope. He got folded and cooked by Hildr's Spirit within five seconds.

He probably underestimated her, probably didn't and he is just that weak, or it might be me overthinking things, but oh well. I've got my eyes on him, and he won't like that one bit.

Hildr yawns as she takes a seat in front of me, wrapped up in a thick and fluffy robe after having spent the better part of an hour taking a bath in the massive magical bathtub so to 'celebrate her victory'.

"Despite how long I've had my Spirit, I don't really have much of an understanding about him." Hildr states, dropping her chin on her palm as she leans against the table.

I hum and grab the colorful pencil given to children to draw – because I will not fucking use a goddamn ink and quill – and open the notebook.

"Let's start with the basics then?" I propose, and she raises a lone brow my way, her other destroyed eye visible now that she discarded her eyepatch, showing the closed eyelid and the nasty and wide scar cutting down on it from the middle. "For example; How much Magicka does it take to Conjure him, to keep him around, things like that."

Hildr makes an 'aah' sound and leans back against her chair, "I dare say… That Conjuring him always takes half of my reserves, give or take, but keeping him around instead requires no upkeep." I hum and write that down on the notebook, "He only draws on my Magicka when he fights, or when he needs to 'heal' himself."

Again, I write that down too, "Does he not absorb Magicka from the surroundings like we do?" I question, and Hildr's lips part open… Then they close as she frowns.

"I don't think he does?" I write it down with a question mark written beside it.

"Might be worth looking into. Maybe you can use the same principle of drawing in the oxygen like you did before." She nods and smiles as I write the idea down. "How hard was it, by the way? Going through with the technique but through your Spirit."

"Not that hard, but it does drain my Magicka reserves quickly." Hildr states, then tilts her head, "Though I noticed that I do not need to keep it up. Once my Spirit's flames went blue and I stopped the absorption of oxygen, he didn't instantly lose all that heat."

Huh… I write that down too and draw a star next to it, because it is indeed a very valuable discovery for her. "I guess one thing you need to do is raise your Magicka reserves, which comes with time." She nods, and I tap my pencil on the table in thought, "And also have your Spirit learn how to draw in the surrounding Magicka. That might effectively remove any Magicka cost he inflicts on you."

Like so she could assist in other ways, instead of being a passive participant in the battle.

"I also want to see if I can teach him some Spells." Hildr muses aloud, making me tilt my head her way, "I mean, aside from throwing fireballs and breathing fire. Something more complicated than that."

Ah, fair point. Perhaps less learning Spells and more learning how to weave and control his own flames, then.

I write it down and lean back with a hum, "Anything else?"

The redhead drops her chin back into the palm of her head in thought, "Chanting." She states after a few seconds, "It is something I want to focus on a great deal once I have some Spells I can call on. It's probably among the best tools a Mage has access to."

That is fair, hence why I made the Dragon Tongue version of it. I also really want to run into some unfortunate Dragon and power that up too. At least enough that I can use Three Chants.

"What about you?" Hildr asks, leaning forward on the table, and I flick my gaze away when the robe slips enough to show a bit too much cleavage. My momma raised no bad boy. Only a crazy lunatic ready to throw hands with God. "What Spells are you gonna focus on?"

"Both of my giant dome Spells. The Frost Spell is not what I am looking for, so I plan on changing it. Into what, I have no idea just yet." Hildr nods as I close the notebook and slide it towards her, so that she can keep those ideas on her at all times.

"What about that Healing Spell?"

I rap my fingers on the table in thought, "The range is fine. For now. I want to make the Healing and Buffing effects stronger. Much stronger." Battles like the one outside Whiterun will, unfortunately, surely become quite common soon enough.

So having a Spell that can give those on my side an enormous boost is a very welcome choice.

"I've also been thinking of creating a new Spell." I muse aloud, making Hildr raise a brow in interest, "One inspired by the Flesh Spells from the Alteration Magic School, just… constant. Kinda permanent."

"A sort of body reinforcement Spell. One that requires only a modicum of refined Magicka control to activate."

"Flesh type Spells unfortunately have the side-effect of being fragile. A few good hits and the protective layer disappears together with the boosting effect… But with this Spell, one only requires focus."

It is a Spell that could do wonders, and massively reinforce our odds against the incoming Dragon invasion.

So far they've only taken potshots at us. Measured our strength, our numbers, our unity. The Dragons are fools.

Arrogant, yes. But fools? Some, but not all.

And I fear that Dragons won't be the only thing that we'll end up facing. It is impossible that we'll take down all the major threats before they pop up, so Skyrim will soon be torn apart.

I fear that few Holds will remain standing by the end of the year…

I shake away those dark thoughts, much to my distaste. There is not much I can do, unfortunately.

I can give warnings, but few – if any – will bother heeding them, so why waste time?

I just have to do my best and help fix the damage and avenge those that fall. Simple as that.

"You always think about the bigger picture, huh?" Hildr muses softly, a beautiful warm smile on her face as she easily guesses my reason for wanting to create this new Spell.

I shrug, "When you know the things I know, you can't help but do just that." So many threats, so little time, such lacking strength and assurances and connections and everything else. The odds are stacked against me… But I guess I can thrive even in such conditions.

"You're not alone, you know?"

I nod with a light chuckle, "I know, but I wish I could just avoid dragging you all into this mess." If I could bear the burden for everything, then I'll gladly do it. Even if I'll snap under the pressure.

Aurelia does not deserve any of this.

Hildr doesn't deserve to be dragged into this.

And little Gretel deserves to grow up worry free, not in a nation about to be dragged into more war and danger.

"Well, I am glad I am here." I tilt my head at Hildr's words, her lone good eye closed and a relaxed smile on her face, "I got to meet two wonderful people and see my little sister smile oh so happily in such a long time."

"Ain't nothing better than that."

I look away from her bewitching smile and sigh deeply, "So now I'm a wonderful person, huh?"

Hildr chokes on air and nearly falls off her chair, "You have your moments, alright?!"

"'Tis the charm of being the most handsome follower of the grand Sheoggorath, of course!"

"...You're a walking bag of bones."

"Two-hundred and six, to be exact! Two-hundred and seven, when very happy!"

"...I'm going to put this table through your fuckin' skull, I swear to Lord Hircine."

I scoff and wave off her threat, "With that attitude, you'll never see that two-hundred and seventh bone of mine!"

Hildr scoffs, then smirks cruelly, "I'll make sure to mention that to Aurelia when I write her a letter."

I point a threatening finger her way, but she remains smug and lifts both of her middle fingers towards me.

Damnable woman. I have been defeated this time.

With a scoff, I stand up from the table and set down the colorful pencil, "Either way, grab some rest. Bet the big ass beds are comfy as hell." Hildr snorts and nods, then yawns cutely and stretches, forcing me to look away once again.

I think she may have forgotten she is wearing only a bathrobe.

"What about you?" She question as she stands, her voice now sounding audibly tired.

"Gonna take a trip into the city. There's something I want to check out." She hums, then nods and moves towards the bed.

"I'll leave you to it then." She states as she starts moving towards one of the now separated massive beds.

I chuckle softly and turn around, then make my way towards the doors as she slumps on her bed.

"Leo?" I stop and turn my head to look towards the bed, where she is resting on her side and with her cheek on her open palm.

Her smile was tired, but very, very warm and happy.

"I'm glad we met."

If I could blink, I'd be doing it over and over right now.

And if I could smile, my lips would be hurting.

"I think I am the one who should be glad here." I state softly before exiting the room.

A corpse unable to satisfy any of my human cravings I may be…

But life can still be good and satisfying.


….​


"You a new one in town, ain't ya?" The innkeeper and bartender asks while polishing a large mug with a towel.

Tall, one eye looking in a completely different directions, thick beard and bald head that reflects the lights of the lantern, and with arms bigger than my skull.

What the fuck do mothers feed the Nords for them to grow up like this? The fucking milk of a Troll laced with steroids?

"Just arrived in town, yes." I nod as I take a seat and cross my arms above the counter.

It's not late in the afternoon, but there's still quite a few people inside the hall of the inn. Quite a few drunks too, with two of them throwing hands outside.

"So, what can I get ya, then?" The old Nord grunts, lone good eyes flicking up and down my form, "Big ol' mammoth steak? Ya fuckin' mages could do with puttin' some meat on yer fuckin' bones…"

Quite literally, in my case.

Also, what colorful language. "Does information have a cost?"

The old man snorts, "Everythin' does around here, boy." I fish a lone Septim out of my pouch and place it down on the counter, making the man smirk, "Watcha wanna know?"

"The island." I state flatly, "The big one. Far off the coast." The old man's smirk instantly disappears and his gaze grows serious.

"Curious about it, huh?" The man grunts out, "Many come from hearing rumors about that place." His gaze flicks down towards my robes, "Specially them Mages."

"Majority end up biting more than they can chew, of course." I tilt my head at that.

"Is the island dangerous?" Farengar told me a bit about it, mostly on how no one is able to approach it.

"Aye." The old man nods, "Whatever the fuck is on it terrifies everythin'. Whole fuckin' mile around the island is dead waters. No fishes, no horkers, no fuckin' nothing."

Fucking hell… Some sort of malicious aura? Like the one Dinok releases and that Aurelia and others can feel while I can't?

That means this Dragon Priest is powerful, then. Very powerful.

"Anyone tried to force their way over?" I ask, placing down another Septim as I do so, mostly out of courtesy.

The Merchant Guild acts like a bank too, so I have no problems in retrieving more funds from their quarters.

"Some have." The old man nods, "All ended foamin' at the mouths before reachin' the island. Some were scared so badly that they jumped off the boats and into the freezin' waters."

That's… actually even worse than Dinok?

Dinok caused immense fear, yes… But not to that point.

Is this Dragon Priest even stronger, or is there something else at play?

Another Septim lands on the counter, "But do you know anything of the island? Stories passed down by the ancestors, stuff like that."

The man's face frowns heavily, and for a second I worry that I may have pushed things a bit too much, but his form soon relaxes, "We got stories, alright. Of when Winterhold was bigger. Greater. Whole."

"Of the Guardian, who assisted the first settlers." I perk up at that.

"The Guardian?"

"Aye." The old man nods, gaze distant, "Said to be as tall as a giant, but bigger than 'em. Clad in the armor made from the scales and bones of Dragons themselves, and wielding a greatsword made from their fangs."

"A monster among Men, yet with a heart of gold." Then, the old man shrugs, "That's all I know. The story is old as hell, that I can assure."

So, this 'Guardian' might be my Dragon Priest?

But it doesn't sound like it. I'm so confused.

The story portrays them as someone kind and protective, yet the island releases such a malicious aura that keeps anyone away.

So perhaps this Guardian is just someone else. Someone wielding weaponry and armor made of Dragon materials, probably gained after the Dragon War.

I sigh softly, but nod my head, "You have my thanks, old man."

Said man snorts and grabs the money off the counter, "A Mage thankin' me? Feels as horrible as expected!"

Yeah, fuck you too, old man.

"Just give me a mug of mead before you keel over, yeah?"

"That I can do!"

One minute later, I step outside of the inn with pure chaos echoing behind me, my hands holding no mug of mead.

I hum a happy tune as a body is launched through the wall on my left and across the street before I start walking.

Said drunk man that got launched across the street shouts a slur and rushes back in. By smashing a hole into the wall right next to the hole he left behind when he got launched out.

Nords are so fuckin' excessive, man…

I shake my head and mull over what I gained from the old man at the inn, yet I only find myself with more questions than answers.

My gaze strays towards the horizon, where the massive island lay.

Just what the fuck is that place?


A.N. Aurelia happens upon some lore, and some big hints on what I am about to unleash upon y'all!

Plus, some big AU stuff cause I wanna be creative, of course.

The next several chapters will be quite short, so they'll be written quickly, but I also want to push out some snippets I have planned on QQ the next month!

Either way, quite a bit of stuff is incoming folks!

Buckle the fuck up, chucklebutts!

And remember, if you wish to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead of this one, then hop on over to my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, BrendanS.A, Bored_Sailor and 1,503 others
Musashi-Chan
Jan 3, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 28
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jan 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,326
SLIGHTLY IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!

Some months ago, i kinda did a thingy mostly out of my own desire to decorate my phone and computers.
So i commissioned an artist to make Stickers. Of who, you might ask? Leonidas, of course.
Then the artist requested if she could sell them, and i thought... Why not?

So, i bring to you all Leonidas Stickers to decorate your stuff!
I make no money from this, by the way. My income from Patreon is more than enough, and this is just me helping an Artist out!
So go check it out on Etsy, and lemme know what you think!

Show the artist some love!

(Click above to go to the page) Let me know if the stickers run out, because i can always tell the artist to raise the limit. She is kinda being a pessimist...
So run yo' pockets!

Hope y'all enjoy this surprise!
Lemme know what you think of the stickers!
I might be biased, but i love 'em!
Toodles!
​



You know, sometimes I feel very, very dumb.

I failed to notice something – mostly because it didn't cross my mind – even when it is right in front of my eyes.

From my previous conversation with Hildr, I learned that her Spirit heals itself by using Magicka, remaking its destroyed body of flames that way.

And who else does that?

This fucking dumbass right here!

And the thing is that no other fuckin' Undead can do this. Aside from me.

Even Krosis, after I turned his arm to atoms, didn't 'heal' or recreate it. Because he couldn't. But I can.

My broken bones heal, my destroyed body reforms through Magicka, and I know all this because I just spent the past minutes turning one of my frozen and insanely hard bone-fingers into dust and watching it regrow within seconds.

The healing rate is faster the more Magicka I feed it too, giving me another weapon to use in the future.

I can now use my arm to beat a motherfucker to death and not be afraid of permanently losing it. Fantastic.

Still, what does this all say about me?

I am an Undead, yet my body acts more like that of a Spirit. I cannot study my Soul, though I dunno what I could do with that information. Especially when I do not know what to look for just yet.

I know I have a form of Patron Deity due to the System, and I have an inkling on who it is, what I do not know is the why.

I shake my head with a sigh – never thought I'd miss the ability to breathe – and lean back into the large comfy chair Ancano so kindly left us in his- I mean my new room.

I'd rather not let this new discovery about my weird body distract me from my current studies, though it has helped me learn of some new things.

For one, the fact that my body is so weird is also a massive boon. It is the reason why my control over Magicka and Spells is so utter bullshit.

Because I am basically a being made of Magicka. To me, wielding Magicka comes as easy as breathing, but I just never noticed- No, I did, I just thought that the System was doing the majority of the hard work.

But the System only locks in the Spells that I want to change and modify to make more powerful. It doesn't stop me from learning other Spells, especially if I want to copy the Frost Magic Spells from the game.

I still do not know if I can learn and wield other elements too – water, earth and wind magic are a thing here, just super rare – so that I can try and put Lightning Magic under my thumb.

It is a powerful weapon that is a must for the future. The Anti-Magicka features are a massive boon against any opponent.

The other thing that I learned about myself is that, due to being a natural at wielding Magicka… I also suck massively at it. Because everything comes to me with ease, so I do not know the basics.

Sometimes being too good also makes you bad, so I am kinda suffering from success.

Luckily, it is easy to fix once I know the problem. For the majority of my time, I just winged things, never having truly been pushed to go all out. To get creative in my Magicka uses.

It would have made me grow overconfident if I didn't already know that what I've faced so far is but the fodder of the true Dragon Army. Even Krosis, while powerful, was a fucking joke due to his own dumb pride.

Either way, these discoveries helped me achieve what I wanted for quite a bit, and I also gotta thanks Sheogorath for the Folium Discognitum, as it helped put all the small bits together by researching through it.

I just need to close it, think about what I want to read, and then open it to find the pages filled with my request. All bits and pieces taken from the fools and Archmages that held this book since the Merethic Era.

I'm sure that even some Dragon Priests held this thing in the past.

Due to my lack of senses aside from seeing and hearing, I've been in need of a way to remove this weakness or circumvent it, and I found it inside the book a while ago.

It's called Magicka Sense, also known as the Sixth Sense for the people of this reality. It's like a radar and echolocation fused together.

I have no fucking idea how they came up with this shit, or who was insane enough to test it – I am reading his fuckin' notes, so I know this dumbass existed – but it relies on sending a wave of Magicka through the Soul.

And since I am basically a Soul inhabiting a skeleton… I just gotta release a wave of Magicka in all directions and-

[A new Skill has been created!]

[Mind's Eye] (Active)

Magicka Sense, also known as the Mind's Eye, is a famous yet highly dangerous Skill few Mages dare test and master. Anything the Magicka that is sent out as wave touches constructs a map within the mind of the caster, allowing them to 'see' their surroundings without actually seeing them.

Alas, the immense amount of information and feedback received back can lead to a deadly brain aneurysm.​

...So that's why the dude's notes inside the Folium Discognitum cut off midway through his explanation. The fuckin' book literally recorded his death too, goddamn…

Still, because I lack a brain, this holds no danger for me, so I lean back into my chair as I activate the Skill and send out a pulse of Magicka in all directions

The moment I do so, my head instantly lights up. Everything inside my room, the surrounding room, dormitory and side of the College instantly appears brightly in my mind, allowing me to 'see' every last bit of it at the same time.

Holy fuck this is amazing…

It's like those LiDar games I used to play back home sometimes. The image doesn't fade from my mind unless I allow it too, but it doesn't change, it remains the same, so if things were to move, I'd need to 'update' the mental image through another scan.

I believe the only problems I will face are through the Magicka density of the surroundings, making it so that my range is far more limited, or that to increase the scan range I'll need to use a great deal more Magicka for it.

Which kinda sucks since I am in a Magicka rich place. According to Shalidor's notes, Skyrim is basically a Magicka dense land, being tens of times richer than many other places.

Hell, the College itself is set up in a location very close to what he dubbed as 'Magicka Vein', an area insanely dense with Magicka, the favorite places for many Mages to set up their temporary quarters to dabble in rituals and whatnot.

I have a feeling that this Magicka Vein is either related to the Eye of Magnus, or it exists due to it.

Which reminds me of the Dragon Priest that is somewhere near Saarthal. But there are no ruins that are visible in that area…

Maybe it's either in Saarthal itself… or below it?

Why the fuck would a Dragon Priest be in Blackreach? There's also a Dragon down there, now that I remember it.

But why? What would a Dragon Priest need there- Oh. Fuck.

Could it be the Dark Heart? The Artifact of Namira, a piece of primal Void. People can draw strength from it, gaining a new kind of peculiar powers and abilities.

No, it can't be that. The Dragon Priest – if he is there – most likely was left there during the Merethic Era, and the Dark Heart made its way into Blackreach much, much later.

Still gonna put it into the list of things I need to fucking do as soon as possible.

I shake my head and sigh softly. At least I learned how the Mind's Eye works, and using it isn't much of a problem for me.

I let out another pulse of Magicka, 'updating' the mental map in my head. It even perfectly captures people into its scope, as Hildr is sculpted quite well in my mind, clothes and what's beneat- ...Huh.

Damn, what an ass-

"Leo, what the fuck are you doing?" Hildr questions from her own desk on the other side of the room, and I stop slamming my skull into my own desk.

I cough, fix my mask and robes, then answer, "Trying to give myself some brain damage-amage-amage-amage."

A pause.

"Sounds like you fucking succeeded… Somehow."

I update the mental image again, but make it small enough so that Hildr isn't within its scope before relaxing.

This is a dangerous weapon indeed…

Wait, why the fuck am I complaining!? I can't even get horny!

~~XXX~~​

The College has classes three times a week, with a class for each school of magic lasting one to two hours through the day, from morning until night.

Of course, these classes aren't always held. People might be busy, either the students or the teachers, so there is a board right by the entrance to the teacher's dormitory.

There, a student can leave its signature to show their presence for the class. As long as there is even one student, the teacher is willing to go through with the lesson. Though sometimes they might not, as it can depend on their mood.

The Destruction Magic classes are, obviously, the ones the majority attends to. With Alteration and Enchanting Classes being a close second.

Restoration? At the bottom. I've been here a few days already, been present for two days where lessons are held, and in one of those two days literally no one wrote their name down for the Restoration Magic classes.

Made me feel like the Restoration Master of the College now has a reason to be disgruntled and disappointed over people not taking the Restoration school of Magic seriously.

In the game, it felt more like she was paranoid and anxious, as there was never proof of her words about being hated by her colleagues and the bad notes left on her bed.

It is kind of vexatious, I shall be honest. Seeing people squander such capabilities is very disappointing.

Farengar was right. Most Mages only care about power.

I guess some believe that a simple Healing Spell is more than enough for them, huh?

I lean back into my chair, quite liking the way classes are held in the middle of the courtyard, right in front of Shalidor's large statue.

Dozens of chair were set before Faralda as she paced back and forth, reading both from her notes and speaking while staring at the roughly three dozen students before her.

Behind her are some of the teachers too. I faintly recognize the Conjuration Master, the Altmer that makes Faralda her rival, Ancano – who is glaring hatefully my way – and Colette Marence, the Restoration Master.

I also faintly noticed Savos Aren, but the dude speed walked away the moment he noticed me. PTSD is one hell of a bitch, huh?

I am also quite sure that he knows of my Undead status. Someone as powerful as him cannot be blind to it.

A hum flows out of me as I tilt my head towards Hildr, sitting to my right. Her long legs were crossed, and she was using her raised thigh to rest her notebook on, which she was writing everything Faralda was saying, drinking in everything that is being spoken like a sponge.

She looks cute like this, really showing that some bits of Gretel exist inside her too.

Man, I already miss that feral child… I hope she is having fun in Whiterun.

The other students range from teenagers to even people in their thirties or forties. There's some Argonians, a few Nords, some Dunmer, a few Khajiit and a few Altmer too. Oh, and a single Bosmer.

Not everyone has their hoods down, of course, so there might be other Races too.

Probably one of the few places in Skyrim that willingly houses all Races without some form of racism.

Gotta say though, after going through just a bit of Shalidor's notes through these recent day, I've gotta say that some of the things Faralda is speaking about are very… basic.

How did Magic even deteriorate since the Merethic Era?

Shalidor's notes always highlighted the fact that there were many grand mages, and he was fascinated with the many breakthroughs that were being made for each school of magic.

That era sounded like the Golden Age for Magic, then… It all stagnated and went downhill, for some reason.

I feel like something's afoot… But what?

"-and I must stress this matter again; Trying to learn another Element is dangerous. You are born already attuned to one, or two if lucky, so you'll face little difficulty in wielding it or them- But learning a completely new one?" Faralda pauses and shakes her head with a deep sigh, "It is incredibly difficult and dangerous. Lightning Magic is powerful indeed, but it is also the most unstable Element."

"I've seen many of my students within this very College die because they thought themselves good enough to learn and practice with it without supervision." Her eyes move across the crowd of students, some even lowering their heads when her gaze focuses on them for a few seconds, "You cannot be healed from death, so do not be stupid or overconfident."

As soon as Faralda finishes speaking, a voice pipes up from behind her, "Listen to her. I am quite tired of having to be called for emergency healing nearly five times a week." Colette warns aloud, a glare in her eyes.

A snort comes from far to my left, "We already know how to heal ourselves." One of the students with a hood over their head sneers, though the voice is distinctly female, "That's all Restoration is good for."

I nearly balk at the sheer idiocy coming from the woman's mouth. Like, goddamn! Spouting this shit in front of Shalidor's statue no less? That dude must be rolling in his grave right now.

"That's the dumbest fucking sentence I've ever heard." I state aloud, unable to help myself as I give the woman far to my left a nice series of loud claps, "Props to you, lady I do not know. You win the 'I am fucking stupid' award!"

Hildr holds back a snort from beside me, turning her head away to cover it with a fake cough while Colette looks stumped that a student has come to her defense. Which… sad.

"How is it dumb!?" The woman snarls aloud, and I distinctly hear the sound of her chair hitting the ground as she stands up, "Anyone can just throw a few Septims away to buy a tome of Basic Healing, and that's all one will ever need through their life."

I nod my head, "Sure." I agree, "If all you want to heal are scrapes, small paper cuts, or light bruises. You can't even heal a burn with the weakest Healing Spell."

I raise a hand to stop the woman from speaking further as I tilt my head her way, "What do you use to block a Spell? A Ward. Where does a Ward come from? Restoration Magic."

"What do you use to heal broken bones? The Mending Bones Spell. It comes from Restoration Magic too, by the way. Shocking, I know."

"Where do you go when you need to reattach a severed limb? You go to an Expert Restoration Mage. Same for regrowing a new one, even."

"Hell, what do you use to detoxify yourself from poison? Restoration Magic. To fight the Undead? Sunfire, from Restoration Magic. Purify water? Restoration Magic. Clear poison from food? Restoration Magic."

The woman whose face is now visible due to her staring my way, revealing her Breton heritage, flushes harder and harder the more I speak and tear her down. "Shocking how Restoration Magic does more than just Basic Healing, no?"

The woman's mature response is to scoff, let out a muttered curse, then storm away.

I simply shake my head at that before turning my gaze towards the amused Faralda. "Apologies for the show. I just dislike people that squander a school of Magic like idiots." My words, obviously, are aimed towards whoever else in the crowd holds the same opinion as the dumb woman that just left.

Skyrim needs to build its strength for the coming war, so if I need to shove Restoration Magic knowledge and skills into the brain of some dumb cunts, then I fucking will.

"No apologies needed." Faralda nods with a smile, "People are here to learn. It matters not if it is from teachers, or fellow students." Yeah, but few will mind learning from those they consider kind-off their 'equals'.

"Now… Questions?" Hildr's hand instantly goes up.

And her other one swiftly slaps the back of my head when I snort at her.

….​

"Hey, old fuck, where do I go if I want some letters delivered?" I ask as I take my seat on the stool at the front of the bar. This place got fixed real quick after the brawl I caused last time.

Old Rob, as people call him, sniffs and uses his good eyes to fix me with a glare, "Old fuck? Talkin' 'bout me, ya cunt?" How eloquently vulgar as always, "Ain't seen 'em bitches livin' down the road yet, have ya?"

I tilt my head at that, "Who?"

He scoffs again, slamming the clean mug in his hand on the bar counter hard enough to make a mug all the way on the other end actually fucking bounce, "Bah, them fuckin' fossils. No teeth, no sight, and stinkin' worse than death itself."

"Are they dead or…"

"That's the thing!" He shouts, throwing his large arms in the air, "They still breathe- Barely, but they do! I say bury 'em already."

"They are alive though."

"I don't give a shit, bury 'em old fucks already." He grunts out, "We could do with the food they can't even fuckin' chew."

I snort, "You don't even have trouble with food." I point out, then tilt my head as he throws the clean mug my way.

"We could always do with more food." He snorts out like an angry bull before eyeing me up and down, "'Specially sons of bitches like you."

"Must you bring my lack of bulging muscles up each time I come around?"

"Yes."

"Start using your other eye, and maybe I'll start bulking up." Old Rob's face scrunches up, his other wild eye spinning around in his pupil as he tries and fail to make it work.

Alas, the old man gives up after just a few seconds, "Fuck this shit, one eye is all I need!" I shake my head in amusement, having taken quite a liking to this wild old man handling the bar and Inn.

He is honest, direct, and wild. Basically, a proper Nord.

"So… About the letters?" Old Rob perks up and latches onto a way to ignore the previous topic.

"Leave 'em here with fifteen Septims, five each." He gruffly states, grabbing another mug to clean, "Where do you need 'em sent?"

I place them down and show the numbers written on the paper, "One and two go to Ivarstead, number three to Whiterun." He nods, and I swiftly place the pay for the delivery on the table.

The first two are from me and Hildr for Aurelia, while the third one is for Gretel, written by both me and Hildr.

Aurelia and Gretel will then send their own after they receive and read our letters, then the back and forth will begin, which I look forward to.

"You got anything for me?" I ask as I lean back, letting the old man gently put away the money and letters.

"A request." He grunts out, "From me." I tilt my head in surprise at that.

"What can I do for you?"

His good eye looks me up and down a few times before he sighs out heavily, "You don't do what I do for decades without learning how to read any fuckers that steps through them doors with a glance." He starts lightly, voice less gruff than usual, "So I can tell ya ain't just some two-bit Mage… Especially when ya got one of them things on your face."

I lock up slightly at his nod towards my Mask.

I hum and trace my gloved fingers along the piece of equipment, "Should've expected some of the old folk to actually recognize this thing." Even if the Dragon Cult is from a long time ago, knowledge about it still persists, especially in places that honor their history.

Old Rob nods lightly, "With ya wearing it, I can tell that ya fought one of them monsters and won… So I can make this request without fear of sending ya to your death."

He leans forward, huge arms folding over the top of his bar, "Two of the recent merchant caravans going towards Dawnstar never made it to their destination. I got some folks lookin' into the area, and we know its the doing of some rat bandits…"

I hum and nod, "Want me to clear 'em out?" They must be a large camp if Old Rob wants to send someone that has taken out a Dragon Priest to handle.

"Aye." He nods right back, "Might be four to five dozens of 'em rat bastards. I can pay-" I lift a hand to halt his words.

"No need to pay me. Consider this a favor." The Souls will be more than enough, after all.

Old Rob grins, "Finally a Mage I can like!" He straightens himself back up, "I'll send ya word when my boys have located 'em, alright?"

I nod and raise my hand in a lazy gesture, "Then I wait for the information." I drop my hand on the bar counter and lean back, "Anything else?"

Old Rob pauses, then works his jaw a few times before sighing, "A Dragon was seen last night." I instantly grow tense at that.

"Where?"

He gives me a long, silent look. My hands clench into fists, "The island?"

He nods, "Big one too. Guards saw the fucker cause it was covering the stars with its large body. It circled the island a few times before fuckin' off."

Fuck.

I groan aloud and palm my mask, "This ain't good…" I need to know what's on that island, so to know if I need to blow that shit to kingdom come or… something else. "You know any bastard that can row a boat close to the island?"

Old Rob's eye stares a hole through me, "You sure, kid?" I nod, and he sighs deeply.

"Get that fuckin' bandit matter handled first, then I'll find you a son of a bitch that can."

I have a feeling I can always trust this old man to help me out with things. Kinda feels he has more reach and control than the actual Jarl of Winterhold…

Must be the strength and advantage of being old. The majority of Nords deeply respect their elders, after all.

Either way… I need to swiftly upgrade myself and my Spells.

There's this feeling of urgency that has been building up inside me that I now cannot ignore.

Guess I'm gonna have to raid the shit out of the College Mission Board…

~~XXX~~​

"You feel like you shouldn't focus much on your Magicka training?" Paarthurnax questions, and Aurelia nods as she wipes away some sweat from her forehead.

She had already grown used to the cold temperatures of the Throat of the World, so now it felt just a bit chilly. Nothing hard to handle for her current self.

"I do." She speaks after a second, "I'm… Not really getting anywhere with it, and the Spells I wield are best for the Undead, not Dragons." Paarthurnax lets out a low rumble, something he does when he is mulling over what to say.

His large head inclines lightly, one of his enormous eyes studying her deeply, "Perhaps… We are focusing on the wrong aspect of your Magicka training." The ancient Dragon rumbles out, eye narrowed in thought, "Your scent… Tell me, child… Might you perhaps be a Yokudan?"

Aurelia's eyes widen at that, "I… Yes? My father was a Yokudan… Why do you ask?" Paarthurnax lets out another low rumble at that.

"As I thought… Magicka might not be your forte, child… But what about the Shehai?" Aurelia furrows her brows in confusion at that term.

"What is this… Shehai?" She probes, actually very delighted to have a teacher as ancient as Paarthurnax. It was like having another Leonidas around, just minus the chaos and headaches.

"A power like the Thu'Um', that thrives on the strength of one's Soul, Will and Understanding." The ancient Dragon explains, "It was wielded by an ancient Yokudan order known as the Ansei many ages ago. They used this power to create swords able to cut anything."

Aurelia bites on her lower lip, her gaze narrowed, "And you think I might be able to wield this?"

Paarthurnax chuckles deeply at her words. "Tell me, child… As the Dragonborn, what is your greatest strength?"

Aurelia's eyes instantly widen in understanding. "My Soul." For she had the Soul of a Dragon, capable of growing stronger through devouring the Souls of other Dragons…

If there was one thing she might excel at, it might actually be something her very ancestors wielded. "I can give this a try." She shrugs, an excited grin on her face, earning her a deep chuckle from her scaly teacher.

"Then it shall be your final gentle training before we start the more… violent form." Calling forth other Dragons to challenge them on top of the Throat of the World.

So far, the Greybeards taught her the basics of each Shout they could, then Paarthurnax helped her deepen her understanding over them.

He changed her view on Shouts, but trying to put those teachings in use was hard for Aurelia.

Hence why she must battle Dragons, for Paarthurnax stressed that the heat of battle could help one master many things at an accelerated pace.

And Aurelia those words, for they were coming from a Dragon that lived through a long war and several Era filled with many more.

"When do we start?" She questions, rolling her shoulders and letting out a low breath.

"Take a short break." The Dragon states gently, giving her a certain look, "I am sure you have waited enough to read the letters from your friends." Dumb scaly Dragon being far too sharp for her liking sometimes.

Still, Aurelia forces down her blush and nods before hurrying away towards her large bag tucked away against the used Word Wall.

Taking a deep breath and sitting with her back against it, Aurelia swiftly fishes out the two letters and holds them against her chest, feeling the hammering of her heart as she takes in deep, calming breaths.

Already more than two weeks have passed since she parted away from them. From him. And still she wasn't used to his absence.

Sometimes she still turns her head, expecting to find him standing beside her, but reality always kicks in.

The quiet is… unnerving, sometimes. If Leo was around, she'd always be aware of his presence due to how disasters and Leo go hand in hand.

Shaking her head, Aurelia lifts one of the two letters and turns it around. Seeing that it was from Hildr, Aurelia smiles and tears the envelope open to retrieve the slip of paper.

Turning it around, she flicks her gaze through the first few lines and- "Hildr, why must you goad him into this stuff…" Of course the news she heard about Ulfric's palace having been attacked had to have been Leo's doing!

And Hildr was the one to goad him into that?! She should know better- Ah who was she kidding… Aurelia knew that Leo was very likely going to put a Spell through that palace either way.

Sighing deeply, Aurelia returns to the letter.

'Took longer than expected to reach the College… It's a nice place… Leo slapped a Thalmor agent flying within the first ten seconds of having stepped into the College, as is natural… got challenged by him… roasted him with her Spirit… Stole his belongings and now we share a room-' A vein starts throbbing on the Dragonborn's forehead as she reads over that line, a stiff smile on her face.

She reads the line again. Then again. Then five more times. It did not change.

Aurelia takes a deep calming breath and stops herself from tearing the letter apart. "Must I consider you a rival, Hildr…?" Aurelia growls out to no one, finishing the latter with a glare in her eyes before gently putting it away.

She nearly tears Leo's letter open with her teeth, but stops herself as she swiftly pulls out his slip of paper.

"First of all, I fucking hate writing with ink and quill. The desire to blow this bitch up started rising within five words."

Of course… Leo did mention something about the wonders of these 'pencils' from his homeland a few times.

Her eyes, now more relaxed and warm, trail over the rest of the letter, containing quite a few things Hildr had mentioned in her own letter. Minus the fact that he was now sharing a room with the redhead.

"Hiding that fact from me, are we Leo?" She was going to snap a few of his bones next time they meet.

Though, as she read the letter, Aurelia also noticed the lack of something.

Leo had promised he'd let her know of any knowledge he'd gain of the Dragon Priest near the College, yet… He made no mentions of any discoveries?

He didn't even write out about having found nothing… Meaning that he likely knows something, but does not wish to worry her. The fool…

He does mention having learned something called the 'Mind's Eye' so to help him with his lack of spatial awareness due to him being an Undead.

Having lack of feelings over his body often had him bump into things without realizing, or stumbling because he wasn't making a conscious effort into making sure his legs were actually moving.

So for him to have finally found a way to mostly help with that warms her heart and makes her very happy for him.

Still… Aurelia's smile also grows sad as she reads the letter. The words written, despite being from Leo… Didn't feel like they were his.

Leo – Her Leo, is a goofball. A man that will handle his problems with a laugh, or outright ignore them to focus on what he will insist is more important things.

The one who wrote the majority of this letter is not her Leo. This was a Leonidas she rarely so.

So rarely that she could count the amount of times on one of her hands and have fingers left over.

The Leo writing this letter was the Leo that missed his home. The Leo that is tired and wants to sleep. The Leo that is stressed by all the things coming their way.

The Leo that she wanted to be there for.

A sigh escapes Aurelia's lips, her eyes falling on the last few lines written at the bottom.

"I've had the thought of possibly gaining a high standing in the College, so to have the power to move things around a bit. Skyrim needs all the strength it can muster for the incoming war."

Always thinking about others than himself.

Her thumb rubs along the dried ink of the paper, her eyes lingering upon the words written by the man that plagues her mind each day.

Does he think of her too?

Her heart ached, not knowing if she even wanted to know the answer as she started to fold the letter- Only for her eyes to catch something at the very bottom of it, scribbled into the bottom right corner.

Two small and a small arrow aimed at the corner of the paper, with the words 'Fold me!' scribbled at the back of the arrow.

Aurelia tilts her head with an amused smile, expecting one of Leo's usual pranks to jokes to await her as she complies either way, and her eyes soon land on three small words scribbled on the back of the corner she just folded.

'I miss you.'

Aurelia's breath hitched, and her heart started hammering against her ribcage as she pushed her face against the letter in her hands.

Dibella truly was a cruel Goddess sometimes.

~~XXX~~​

His name is Valmir, a member of the illustrious and grand Thalmor governing council, proud Altmer, the race that stands above all others.

He, like many of his grand brothers and sisters, had infiltrated the filthy, run down region of Skyrim in order to grasp the ancient artifacts buried beneath its dirt.

Artifacts meant for the grand Altmers part of the Thalmors, not for the foolish, monkey-like Nords that walk these frigid, ugly lands.

The powers of the Dragon Priest Masks would further raise the might of the Thalmors, allowing them to greater might to wield against those fools of the Empire who dared to worship a non-existent God.

He, the grand Valmir, had been tasked to retrieve the Mask studies says is buried in ruins near the filthy Hold of Riften. The recent attack the city faced from the Dragon only made that cesspool prettier, in his eyes.

Alas, he was not so prideful or confident to believe that he could face a Dragon Priest in combat and come out on top. Especially after going through whatever traps and awaiting horrors lay within that crypt.

So, he played smart. He threw mercenaries at the crypt, promising large amount of Septims for when they came back with what he requested.

Those losers swiftly fell to their greed, uncaring that the offer is coming from their hated Altmer of all people.

None of the many groups of useless morons ever came out from the crypt alive, not truly bothering him that much.

Of course, when the Imperials and Stormcloaks started to pry into his business, he got creative. One missing soldier from both sides, two sets of armor acquired, and now he could act as a member of either faction depending on who was coming to investigate.

So many moor fools fell for his skilled lies, clearing his way deeper into those ruins.

Each lost life, each skilled lie, each fake promise- It all brought him closer and closer to success. To perhaps even wielding that Mask for himself and gaining a greater standing within the Thalmor order.

Oh, how he could already see the might flowing past his fingertips with that mighty artifacts resting upon his handsome face…

Or at least he would have if disaster hadn't struck.

Another lie, another group of fools falling for the greed of money, and another long wait expecting their inevitable demise.

That is, until one of them came out running and screaming bawling out of the crypt. A truly horrendous sight.

For this fool lacked eyes, tongue, teeth and arms. He flayed and screamed and ran until he fell down to his death by slipping off the tall hill where the ruins lay.

At first, Valmir was confused.

Then It came walking out of the open doors, and Valmir learned what terror feels like.

A tall, imposing Dragon Priest, wielding not a dragon-like staff like he had read about, but a massive zweihander as big as he was tall.

Adorned in rusted scaly armor filled with spiked dragon fangs and gauntlets resembling dragon claws, the imposing Dragon Priest halts before the doors as if to bathe under the sunlight being cast down upon his form.

Then, Rahgot's lime green mask slowly lowers to regard his trembling form.

And then, the Thing spoke.

"FUS-"​

Valmir couldn't cry out, even when he felt the world squeeze down on him and turn his bones to powder.

The whole hill cracked beneath the sheer force of a single Word.

"-RO-"​

His skin was flayed off his muscles. His tendons and ligaments popped.

His teeth were pulverized and his organs collapsed.

The hill and the ruins popped like a balloon filled with water bursting from the poke of a needle.

"-DAH!"​

And then the last Word came, rumbling across the Heavens like the furious bellow of a God, casting down their wrath for all mortals to see.

The hill collapsed with a deafening rumble, the shock-wave that rippled forth reaching Riften a few seconds later and turning glass into powder, sending the water inside the canals flying everywhere, and causing cracks to cover the foundations of each house.

Everything within entire miles from Forelhost was flattened out, leaving behind only an enormous crater that resembled a gate to the deepest Hells.

Above, the skies were cleared of clouds for miles, letting the sunlight be cast down below, towards the deep pit filled with swirling dark waters.

Waters blacker than black, releasing a powerful stench of rot and death.

Above those waters floated Rahgot, blade in hand, and gaze directed towards Riften.

He spoke no words. He gave no orders.

He only lifted his blade and aimed it towards the distant city.

And from the depths of the rotten hell below him came the devils. Screeching and wailing and squealing like feral animals, using their decayed limbs to drag their frail looking forms dripping with black water out of the pit before pouncing forward towards the distant city.

A tide of corpses soon rose from the depths of hell, filling the air with a chorus of a thousand tormented Souls.

And among the chaos, a lone green mask watched it all as if enjoying the scenery.

A.N. And Rahgot finally makes his appearance. Who is gonna kick is ass, I wonder?

Also, another Dragon Priest will be introduced next chapter. Kinda. It's the one I am very eager to write about!

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my Patreon! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Either way, I'll try and make it up to y'all!

Look forward to next chapter!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, BrendanS.A, donstar260 and 1,396 others
Musashi-Chan
Jan 11, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 29
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jan 15, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,390
P.S. Just to clarify and avoid confusion, the current events of this chapter are all happening at the same time as Rahgot waking up.

Hildr lets out a low breath as a shiver runs down her spine from the cold.

Even with the magical wards around the College not allowing the glacial air in, the air was still cold enough to be felt, and she didn't really have pure Nord blood flowing in her veins.

Which she disliked. She'd love to have their natural resistance to the cold, where they could walk out into a blizzard bare-chested and barely even feel the chill.

Thankfully, her element was Fire, so it helped stave off the cold.

Her Spirit lets out a rumbling sound as his flaming form swells, warping the air with the heat he releases, warming her up with ease.

The crackling of the flames eased her nerves too as she tried to steer her thoughts away from her little sister. Never before did they spend even a whole day away from each other, and now it was nearly over two weeks since she last saw the wild beast that is Gretel.

Hildr shudders at the thought of the atrocities she unleashed upon Whiterun so far, especially after having been in contact with Leonidas.

Shaking away those thoughts, Hildr returns her gaze to the large practice room she had taken for herself. There were quite a few, all with magical wards capable of withstanding insane amounts of power thrown at them so to let the students cut loose in their practices.

These rooms were also used for duels, and there were enough of them that Hildr never had to wait for one to be free so to have it all for herself.

Embers flicker around her gloved fingers as she calls on her Fire Magic, warming herself up even more while giving her back a stretch.

She tried to practice Chanting and see how much each Chant empowered a Spell, and it was… Weird.

She didn't really understand how it actually worked, just that it somehow did. She could feel it, each time she whispered a Word that matched the Spell, its power would swell.

At first, just a little bit, then a lot more near-instantly, making her understand why it was something so hard to master and could lead to Spells just going out of control and exploding on their caster.

This reminded her of that trick Leonidas taught her, one she spent quite a while practicing and mastering too.

To her, it felt the same. Drawing in oxygen or Magicka basically did the same thing, just in two different ways.

Letting her flames suck in the surrounding oxygen was much easier, as it was constant and in a stream she learned how to control.

Chanting instead was different, as she needed to keep fine control over the flow of Magicka, and swiftly fix it after a Chant lest the Spell goes out of control.

She had no trouble with that so far, but it did get way too hard at the Sixth Chant, where the Magicka flow had been way too to her expectations and swiftly overwhelmed her.

Luckily, her Spirit just gulped down the near human-sized fireball before it could explode, treating it like a nice snack.

Either way, she learned a lot from that. By the Fifth Chant, her simple fireball had grown five times stronger, and then she could let it drawn in oxygen and compress it to further power it up.

For now, she did not wish to touch High-End Chants. At least, not until she hasn't mastered Ward Skin, or have Leonidas with her as extra assurance.

Still, the fact that she could turn such simple Spells into such powerful weapons did put a smile to her face. She just needed to learn how to power them up in as little time as possible, then she'll be set.

The only problem she faced was Ash Magic. She couldn't get it to work with Chanting, as it was too chaotic. She had to keep the overflowing smoke and heat under control, which meant focusing on two things at once.

The failures disappointed her a bit, but nothing that ruined her mood. Ash Magic still worked wonderfully as an environmental hazard that could explode with a snap of her fingers, so it was still an easy to use weapon in her arsenal.

"Having trouble, buddy?" She asks her Spirit, receiving an angry growl mixed with the crackling of raging flames.

Sometimes, she really is glad that she formed a relationship with this guy when she was young, as she knows how violent and aggressive Fire Spirits are.

Her buddy is like that too, but at least he listens to her.

And it was a good thing that there was no one around, else they'd be used as stress relief by her very angry flaming Spirit.

Having it learn how to draw in Magicka by itself was… Hard. There was still no progress, and Hildr really didn't know if she was missing something, or if her explanation and advice was lacking.

"It's alright, we'll figure it out in time." Her flaming Spirit growls, his flames lighting up with greater heat in a clear show of annoyance, but soon die down as his form slumps. "Take a break, big guy." A burst of embers from his nostrils is her answer before the massive flaming beast disappears in flickering flames.

Hildr scrunches up her nose, wondering if it is time she leaves the College for a bit so to hunt something down. Frost Trolls are very, very common around these parts, and they could be good targets for her to let her Spirit unwind.

Shrugging her shoulder, the red-haired woman swiftly makes her way out of the practice room, the sounds of Spells being fired and tested reaching her ears as she turns her gaze to the other doors in the hallway, each having a rather large practice room beyond it.

They were quite the commodity, she had to admit, especially since they all lay right below the dorms, just a staircase away.

She soon ascends the stairs, wondering if she should check if Leonidas is around before checking the request board out front, but her thoughts are interrupted by someone speaking up.

"I thought I smelled the stench of a mutt." A scratchy voice reaches Hildr's hear, making her turn around and narrow her eyes at the hunched over robed figure standing by the stairs going to the second floor of the dorms.

Even with the hood covering her features, Hildr can easily make out the vile sharpened features below it. Long, pointy and curved nose, wrinkly skin, and a face that is extended like a bird's beak.

Recognition hits Hildr instantly, making her hands curl and her lips nearly pull up into a snarl, showing her sharp canines, "Didn't know they allowed Hags near civilization." She growls out, embers flicking between her gloved fingers as she glared bloody murder at the Hagraven before her.

The Hag laughs, an ugly scratchy sounds that was not human and that shook her whole hunched over figure, "They let stinking feral dogs like you linger around, so why not an accomplished Witch such as me?" The Hag's words made Hildr's snarl grow, nearly making her drown the hallway into a sea of flames just to hear the bitch before her squeal.

Hagravens used to be servants and devout worshipers of Hircine entire Eras ago, but the original ones, granted immense power by the Daedric Prince at their own request, ended up betraying his desires, demands and expectations.

So they were cast aside and cursed, ripping away all of their senses aside from their sense of smell and hearing, and forcing their bodies to be old and weak.

The worst part of this Curse is that Hagravens cannot warn others to not undergo the Ritual to become one. Knowledge of the Curse cannot be shared, and only those loyal to Hircine are even aware of it.

Hagravens know of it, but are stopped from giving warnings, forced to watch others fall to the lure of power and be stuck with a disgusting appearance and weak body, unable to savor food or see well. Even their hearing wasn't that good, in fact.

Like so, the Curse never dies out, for it'll keep existing until there are living Hagravens. A cruel punishment Hildr finds very fitting for these useless old things.

"An 'accomplished' Witch that practices Black Magic." Hildr sneers, but the ugly Hag lets out another peal of horrid laughter at her words.

"Necromancy is Black Magic too, yet it is taught here, you stupid mutt." Hildr snarls, losing her cool, but she suddenly stops and blinks instead of lashing out as she notices something behind the hunched over Hag.

Or, well… Someone.

"Talks the ugly ass bitch with a face uglier than a horse's asshole." Leonidas cuts in, his voice jovial, yet it sends shivers down Hildr's spine.

The Hag instantly whirls around at his sudden intrusion, and a horrifying scream soon fills the hallway right after the disgusting sound of bone snapping.

"Keep your voice down, please." Leonidas chides, clenched fist squeezing down on the long nose of the Hagraven, now turned into a bloodied pulp within his grasp, the whimpering Hagraven quivering and whimpering in his grasp. "I heard the very… unpleasant words you used to describe my lovely friend here…"

"And now I am looking for a reason to not turn you into a bloody stain on the wall." Leonidas leans down, his robes ruffling and his masked face moving so to better stare into the Hag's pale eyes, "It won't hurt, I promise. There will just be bits and pieces of you over here, there and up above."

A squeeze of his fist earns a yelp and whimper from the trembling hunched over hag, "We don't want that, do we?" The Hag shakes, trying and failing to speak or even move her head with her shattered nose in his grasp.

"Good!" Leonidas cheerfully states, letting go of the shattered nose to pat the Hag on the shoulder, wiping her blood on her own robes as he does so, "There is also a very big drop so close by, and I'd love to hear you scream on your way down!" He threatens with a tone one would use to discuss the weather, making a smile spread on Hildr's face.

"Now, don't let me keep you! I'm sure ugly bitches like you got a stable to return to, no?" He straightens himself and fixes his robes…

Before bitch slapping the hag to the side with a "So fuck outta my way, torta." call, nearly sending the stumbling Hag down the stairs as he skips ahead towards her with a jovial "Hildr!" call that has her snort.

"Ah, finally!" He exclaims as he stops before her, "Something beautiful to stare at!" And Hildr instantly flushes and chokes on air at his jovial words, "Lemme tell ya, I just ran into the ugliest thing in the world! Nearly died of a heart-attack, ya know? Would've been a real shame…"

Hildr really wanted to punch this asshole, but she knew it would be useless. He'd probably taunt her more if she did!

"You're growling at me?" Leonidas question, tilting his head like a curious cat while the glowering and furious Hag swiftly makes her escape, "How cute!"

Hildr's flush gets ten time worse, and she bares her teeth furiously at the idiotic man before her, "Leo, I am going to bite you."

Her threat is ignored.

"Is-" Leonidas starts as he raises an arm and a finger, then stops himself momentarily… Only to resume with a nervous voice, "Is that 'cause I am a bag of bones or-" He stops talking when Hildr conjures a fireball in her hands.

Slowly, his hand goes back down to his side, "...You kinda did walk into that one." He childishly sulks while kicking the ground like a scolded child.

Hildr dispels her fireball and drags a hand along her face while letting out a long, deep sigh. And also to cover her smile, while reminding herself that punching Leonidas will just hurt her hand.

Shaking her head and dropping her hand, Hildr gives the still sulking idiot before her a warm and fond look before speaking up, "Thanks for helping me with the bitch." She starts, nodding towards the stairs, "I lost my cool there."

Leonidas swiftly recovers and waves her thanks off nonchalantly, "Bah, don't mention it." He states with a shrug, "I'm surprised those things are allowed in here, but oh well… Want me to-" He halts his words and instead lifts his hands, making a show of tying a rope before pulling to tie a knot.

Hildr's lips twitch into a smile, "Thanks, but I'll handle her." She just needs an excuse to turn the ugly crone into ashes. One that does not implicate her stay at the College.

Leonidas shrugs again, "I'll introduce her to just a tiny bit of my… harmless tomfoolery." Oh, Hildr was fully on board with that.

The feral smile on her face couldn't grow any bigger, but alas, that was a mistake.

Because Leonidas instantly pounced forward with an excited gasp, "Sharp canines! So cute!" He exclaims, one gloved finger shakily reaching forward to poke at her teeth.

Hildr screams, flush coming back full force as she swats the gloved hand away, "Will you fucking quit it?!"

"Never!" The bastard whines like a child, "Let me annoy you, woman!" And then the fucker starts poking at her sides mercilessly.

Her ticklish sides.

Hildr shivers, snorts, then screams again and puts the dumb bag of bones in a choke-hold, "I swear upon Lord Hircine that I will slam your empty skull against the wall!"

Leonidas gasps, arms stretching wide to the side, "No! Don't do it!" He cries out in fear, surprising Hildr, "You'll hurt the wall!" Hildr stops and looks down at the idiot in her clutches.

Said idiot tilts his head up to stare right back at her through his mask, and Hildr could still somehow see and feel that annoying innocent smug smile on his non-existent face.

That's when Hildr becomes super aware of their proximity, and what Leonidas's head is resting against… But thankfully she remembers that he can't feel anything, so Hildr lets go of the building embarrassment together with Leonidas.

Who snaps back straight like a spring being released, "Huh… My head did not meet the wall. Shocker."

Hildr's knuckles pop, "I can rectify that."

"A hug will suffice!" Her lone eyes gives the idiot another flat look, making him drop his arms with a fully body pout.

Still, the interaction does bring a smile to her face, "I was actually coming to look for you." She reveals, making Leonidas right back up.

"Two great minds think alike, it seems!" He exclaims, and she nearly punches him just for insinuating she is as crazy as him, but lets it go. Because she is nice. Yes.

"You were looking for me too?" She questions, and Leonidas nods.

"Just came back from a trip to the city, and went back up to the room to see if you were around, kinda forgetting that I can now just… see where everyone is. Kinda." Right, that crazy thing he told her he mastered, and warned her not to do.

"Either way, I just grabbed…" He pauses, then fishes into his large sleeves and pulls out a massive stack of paper. He takes a few seconds to count them, before shrugging and giving up, "I just grabbed all the requests on the board outside. Wanna join me? I gotta deal with a bandit problem nearby too, so the company would be lovely."

Huh… Hildr now kinda hated the fact that they did in fact have the same thought.

She'll never reveal it.

"Why not, my Spirit is getting itchy for a fight, and I'd love to stretch my legs." Yes Hildr, act like this was not what you were planning all along. He'll never know-

"Plus, you can use this chance to hunt for Hircine." Leonidas points out as he moves towards the doors leading outside and opening them for her.

Hildr swiftly moves outside, mostly to use the cold to force down the flush on her cheeks, and ignore the nice feeling in her chest.

She actually hated how he remembered how due to having to take care of Gretel, she couldn't hunt and give offerings to her Lord as much as she liked.

It was something she mentioned in passing. Weeks ago.

And he remembered it.

She really wanted to punch him for that.

"Yeah, that'd be nice." Hildr instead forces her voice to be calm, while hoping her face is back to normal as the humming Undead picks up the pace so to walk beside her. "Though… I do wonder if he likes Frost Troll meat…"

She did hear that some people liked it, as it had a lot of fat and could be fried, making for a nice delicacy, though it had quite the strong flavor.

She had to try it for herself. Meat has always been her weakness.

"That's a fair worry." Leonidas points out, then just shrugs, "Let's just ask the guy then!" Hildr blink her lone eye and turns towards Leonidas, mouth opening to question how he was going to exactly that-

Only for her to watch as he brings out a squealing rat from inside his sleeve.

Why the fuck did he have a live rat in his sleeve…?

Absolutely shocked and out of words, Hildr watches as Leonidas lifts the squealing fat rat up, then uses his fat hand to tap away on its belly while making 'Beep, beep, boop' noises.

Then he lifts the rat towards his ear, "Yo, Hircine! My homie! My buddy ol' pal! Do ya like Frost Troll meat or is that a no?"

Hildr moves to speak, finding immense amusement in the scene before her, but she still wanted to tell Leonidas that there was no way this could work-

"Must you contact me in such a way?" Hildr gapes as her Lord's flat voice comes through the now quiet rat with glowing blood red eyes.

Leonidas pulls the rat away from his 'ear' to stare at it before shrugging, "Don't tell me you don't like my Rat Phone idea. Handy, quick to use, and they are everywhere!" The fuck is a phone?

"I have no knowledge on what this 'phone' is…" Her Lord sighs out, "But it is handy indeed. I shall keep this in mind."

Hildr throws her arms in the air in exasperation. Her Lord was being corrupted by Leonidas!

"You are welcome, buddy!" Any mortal daring to call a Daedric Prince buddy would usually be erased out of existence.

Leonidas instead just gets a flat look from a Divine Possessed fat rat.

"So! Frost Troll meat! Yes or no?"

"It is an adequate delicacy. I do not mind." Hircine sighs out, and Hildr swears she saw the fucking fat rat shrug, "I would not mind some Horker meat either. You should try it yourself too, my child." And with those last words, Hircine's faint presence disappears, and the rat starts squealing in fear again.

"There we go! Knowledge gained!" Leonidas exclaims, tossing the 'Rat Phone' aside, its squeal of fear growing fainter and fainter as it falls down the massive drop leading to the frigid waters below.

Hildr stares at Leonidas as they walk.

He quietly stares at her right back.

Then suddenly freezes for a short second before bolting to the side of the bridge and looking down below, "Fuck! Remy, no!"

...He even gave the rat a name…

"Alright, where were we?" And the idiot was back at her side.

Hildr snaps, "Will you fucking quit with these mood swings!?"

"Apologies, it's that time of the month…" He bashfully states, nearly making Hildr pop a vein.

It took the willpower of every Divine and Daedric Prince out there for her to not drop the bastard so that he could join his goddamn rat.

Why must she suffer like so?


~~XXX~~​


Gretel kicks her legs while gnawing on the table in front of her, eyes droopy from how bored she was feeling.

Why did Aela drag her here again?

Ah right, she tied that drunk idiot that yelled at her to two horses, and had them run in two different directions.

The guy was screaming as if he was being torn in half. Some people really over-exaggerate the situation they are in…

Still, Gretel decided that maybe listening in on the meeting going on in Dragonsreach could be worth it. She had a feeling her sister's letter was coming soon, so if she sent back some useful information she'd feel very satisfied.

"So the Moot will finally take place?" She hears the leader of the Companions question, a tall and imposing older man called Kodlak Whitemane, "I fail to believe that Ulfric finally accepted the invitation."

Gretel draws her teeth back from the table and instead drops her chin on it, eyes narrowed in mild interest now.

Aela was sat right beside her, at one of the massive tables filled with food inside Dragonsreach, with several of the Companions higher members and the Jarl Balgruuf trusted aides.

Now, if the Dunmer woman would stop glaring her way, Gretel would feel better.

It ain't like she goes around causing trouble for all of Whiterun!

"I believe he did not accept it so to put the Civil War on hold." Balgruuf state, heavy frown on his face, "During the Moot, everyone who opposes him will be there, after all. From every Jarl to their closest aides."

Oh… Gretel instantly realizes why Ulfric would want to be there then. All of his opposition gathered in one place, within reach of a sword or arrow.

Or a Shout.

"By Talos… He has truly lost his mind." Kodlak sighs deeply, and Gretel held her mouth. She really wanted to point out how he had lost his mind a long time ago.

After all, he did break the Oath the Graybeards forced him to take in order to learn how to wield the Thu'um.

He broke the Oath of the Graybeards. The elders who are nearly worshiped by all of Skyrim.

Gretel wonders how Ulfric still even has a following.

"Do we know how many Jarls are taking Ulfric's side?" A man dressed in fine clothes questions, and Gretel doesn't even bother trying to remember his name. She does know that he is with Balgruuf, though.

Balgruuf leans forward on his throne in thought, "Markath is a maybe. Dawnstar was recently taken by the Imperials… So only Riften? His previous capture did weaken him massively."

Gretel hums, trembling in place for a bit before she couldn't hold herself back, "Falkreath too!" She calls out, drawing many eyes towards her, but she doesn't shy away from the attention.

Instead of chiding her, the Jarl raises a curious brow, "Why do you say that, child? The current Jarl supports the Imperials. Of that I am sure."

Gretel nods, having met the pathetic and lazy dumbass on many occasions. Mostly due to some of her nastier pranks. "He does, but no one really listens to him." She points out, "Everyone in Falkreath supports Ulfric and the Stormcloaks, and the Jarl's uncle – the previous Jarl – is the one they actually listen to."

It was actually something quite easy to notice, especially if people simply paid attention when going around Falkreath.

The place was very focused on the old ways, especially the worship of Talos. Gretel had seen many carry necklaces or trinkets of Talos around even recently.

So it was natural that all of Falkreath simply and blindly supports Ulfric only because they do not want others to dictate who they should or shouldn't worship.

Hence, Gretel knows very well that Ulfric just needs a few charming words to convince the whole of Falkreath to take his side and join his troops.

Which she hopes doesn't happen, as her granny is still there, spending the last bit of her old life away.

Kodlak rumbles out a low hum as he strokes his beard, "Yes, the child speaks truth, my Jarl." The senior Companion states, "Siddgeir is new, and is only loyal to money, while he does not hold the loyalty of the people. His uncle Dengeir instead…"

Balgruuf sighs heavily, leaning back against his throne and palming his face, visibly aging dozens of years in seconds, "Why must everyone be so difficult during such dire times…" The Jarl grumbles, earning the sympathy of those within the meeting.

Gretel scrunches up her nose as she steals a cut of cheese from the table before her, making sure to remember to inform Leonidas and the others about the Moot finally being set as she does so. She'd have to find out the exact date too.

"We must simply brace ourselves, and prepare Whiterun for the storm that is to come." Kodlak Whitemane sighs deeply, faint worry within his voice, "And pray that if all goes well, someone better than Ulfric takes the title of High King."

Gretel snorts, then scrunches up her nose at the potent taste of the cheese, "Ain't that hard, really." She grumbles aloud, drawing her hand back before throwing the slice of cheese into the large fireplace in the middle of the large hall, "Even Sheogorath would be a better High King than Ulfric."

The cheese lands into the fire, and the fireplace instantly swells, the flames turning dark purple and releasing insane cackling laughter for a few good seconds before going back to normal.

Everyone slowly turns to stare at Gretel as she sighs and drops her chin on the table, a bored look in her eyes, "See? He agrees with me."

As one, all present decided to just ignore what just happened.


~~XXX~~​


"Well, I guess now we know why there were so many sightings of Frost Trolls around the area." I should have thought about it, really.

There were literally more than a dozen missions about Frost Trolls at the College, each one a sighting of one not far from the city.

And yes, some of the missions could be about the same Frost Troll having been sighted more than once… But I know for a fact that it was not that this time around.

Why?

I pat Hildr's back as she screams into her gloved hands, clearly wishing she could set her remaining eye on fire together with her brain.

We found the Frost Trolls. All of them, together.

Having one hell of a fucking orgy.

It's mating season for them, apparently. Their sighting near the city is because they smelled a female human and wished to… well, abduct her, but got scared by the sheer numbers of people in the city and swiftly retreated.

So they started fucking each other. In a massive opening between two shattered ice caps.

And we walked in on them.

Needless to say that Hildr set them all on fire while screaming like a banshee and throwing her Spirit at them, leading to a rather… brutal massacre.

There is blood quite literally everywhere.

Still, aside from wishing I could bleach my eyes after seeing that horror, this encounter was actually quite… fortuitous.

There were roughly eighteen Frost Trolls having fun down there, and each one had was a Greater Soul.

So now I have eight normal Souls, and nineteen Greater Souls.

This is fucking amazing. Hence, I won't stand on courtesy.


[Conjure Beasts]

Proud Beastsof nature, seasoned warriors of many hunts and battles among their kind. Reach into Oblivion and the Hunting Grounds to Conjure them to your side and let them feast on your foes.

(Current available Beasts; Flaming Familiar, Dire Wolf, Hunting Bear, Scout Crow)

Modification/s:Minion Up! X6 Strength Boost! X2

(5/5)


Spell 'Conjure Beasts' has been Maxed!


Spell 'Conjure Beasts' has Evolved!


[Conjure War-Beasts]

From proud beasts of nature, to trained beasts of war bred and taught within the harshest regions of the Hunting Grounds, meant to become the strongest Hunters and Hounds of Hircine once fully grown.

(Current available Beasts; Flaming Werewolf Familiar, Werewolf, Werebear, Man-Eating Werevulture)

(0/10)​


...My Thermonuclear Wolves became Thermonuclear Werewolves.

Hircine, you're a fucking homie.

I now have… sixteen Greater Souls left, and eight normal Souls.

Enough to Evolve two of my other Spells.

First, Sanctuary.


[Sanctuary]

A grand field overflowing with Holy Light, deployed with the caster at its epicenter. Injuries are healed at an accelerated rate within, Undead are set alight with Sunfire, and allies physical parameters are greatly empowered within its radius.

Modification/s; Radius! x4 Buff Strength! x8 Healing Speed Up! x4 Holy Power Up! x4

(10/10)


Spell 'Sanctuary' has been Maxed!


Spell 'Sanctuary' has Evolved!


[Terra Santa]

A Spell of immense size and power, granting nigh-immortality to those within its scope together with immense strength. Only a stab to the head or decapitation can bring one down when under this Spell, and reattaching limbs becomes as easy as breathing within its scope.

Weak Undead find themselves pulverized under the Holy Light of this Spell, while those that can resist find themselves massively weakened and under constant Sunfire assault.

(0/20)​


Oof… Holy – literally – fucking shit… This became a lot more overpowered than I thought.

Not that I am disappointed. I am actually very happy, I just hope that my reserves are enough for this monstrosity of a Spell.

I also have a strange feeling that soon enough, I won't be able to use Souls for Evolving Spells normally. Or at least, normal Souls.

I'll surely start needing either Grand Souls, or even Dragon Souls.

Oh well, that's a problem for future me. I've already had a feeling that soon enough, normal Souls won't be enough to help me Evolve.

Either way, time to focus on the one Spell that will make it or break it.

I hope this crazy gamble works.


[Winter's Wrath]

A Domain of glacial, biting winds with no mercy, and sharp, deadly icicles flying around faster than the eye can perceive.

Once cast, this Spell does not differentiate between friend or foe.

Modification: Domain Size! x12,

(10/10)


Spell 'Winter's Wrath' has been Maxed!


Spell 'Winter's Wrath' has Evolved!


[Fields of Cocytus]

This Spell deploys a vast domain where Soul-chilling temperatures prosper. No amount of resistance to Frost or Cold will help those standing within its scope.

All manners of Frost Magic Spells employed within this vast domain are massively strengthened, enemies find their own resistance to Frost Magic massively lowered while allies will find themselves more resistant to its effects, and enemy Fire Magic is massively weakened.

Within its scope, any hostile creature finds themselves constantly assailed by the deadly chill that assails the body, the mind, and the Soul.

(Requires 0/1 Dragon Soul to Evolve further.)​


Holy fuck, gambling is indeed good!

Also, I called it. I need a damn Dragon Soul to further Evolve this Spell, but honestly? It can stay like this for a long while.

Still, this proves that my needs do indeed change and modify the Spell during its Evolution. Winter's Wrath became something I could hardly use into something that will be among my greatest weapons.

It's amazing, and it did not disappoint me one bit.

Phew, I was scared there for a second…

Now I can basically Conjure a literal small army, make them nigh-immortal and a lot stronger, and massively weaken my enemies.

And I can throw Thermonuclear Werewolves at people now.

I might be unable to Evolve myself now, but honestly? It is quite worth it, I believe.

"You okay now?" I ask Hildr as she stands, her lone eyes looking dead and depressed.

She turns to give me a haunted stare that nearly makes me chuckle, "I will never recover from the horrors I just witnessed." This time I do chuckle as I pat her back.

"On the bright side, we still have the bandits left." I point out, making her perk up, "So you have some available targets to unleash your wrath upon."

I send a short prayer towards those bandits when Hildr gives me a very feral grin.

Hot, but scary. Which… makes it hotter. It's confusing, really.

Looks like I love me some violent women with a sweet side, huh?

"Is it just the bandits left?" Hildr asks, arms crossing below her bust as the air around her starts warping from the heat of her magic as she starts warming herself up. "You did grab all the missions on the board after all."

I nod at her words, "Yeah, but the majority were about the Frost Troll sightings." She shudders at that, but I keep going, "There were some about Ice Wraiths, but finding one in this snow valley is basically impossible." I shake my head, turning my gaze to stare at the honestly breathtaking landscape before me.

We were in the large valley between Dawnstar and Winterhold, right below the massive mountains cutting the majority of the cold winds coming from the sea here.

It's a very windy area, and it is clearly a bit hard on Hildr, which makes me feel bad.

Still, I wish Aurelia was here to see this. This place is breathtaking.

The thick layers of snow glowing a near-blinding white, the distant ocean waters rushing towards the beach, and I can even see Dawnstar near the horizon.

Sometimes, places like this really make me forget how tired I am.

"Leo." I hum and tilt my head to stare at Hildr, who is staring at the landscape in front of us with a warm smile on her face, "Thank you for bringing me here."

I pause for a short second before chuckling softly, "Anytime." I rest my hands on my hips – literally – and simply enjoy the scenery, "Couldn't really leave ya and the kid in that shit-hole. Reminded me too much of home."

Hildr perks up at my words, "How so?"

I shrug, "People stuck in the old ways, and forcing their views on their children, and the children of their children. My father was like that." Despite my rocky past with him, I couldn't help but slightly miss the man. And my mother, too.

I hope they are alright.

"He planned out my whole life before I was even born, meant to follow in his footsteps and excel where he failed." I shake my head with a dry chuckle, "He wanted me to shine like a star, be more of a puppet than… Well, me."

Hildr frowns heavily, "That sounds like a shit father, no offense." I chuckle and shrug, not really angry at her words. "You didn't stick with what he wanted you to do?"

I shook my head, "Never did. Got called a disappointment and fuck-up for not following his dreams and wants, then got kicked out… And now I am here."

And honestly? Despite it not being my choice, and my body being like this… I really like this place.

It's beautiful, even with the fact that the literal apocalypse looms over the horizon.

"Well, I'm glad that you are here." Hildr hums, bumping her shoulder against me with a slight smile on her face, "Because I got to meet two wonderful people that changed my life."

I chuckle and wrap an arm around her shoulders, then give her a light shake, "I could say the same! Though I should thank Hircine, as it is through him that I got to meet two amazing sisters."

Honestly, Hircine has been an amazing source of help so far. I should really see if I can do something good for the guy.

A God that can make reality his bitch he might be, but I do want to repay him. Something to think about.

Hildr grumbles, a slight flush on her cheeks as she escapes my grasp, still clearly not used to taking compliments, "Yeah yeah, whatever." She scoffs, refusing to look my way, "So, where are these bandits?"

I cross my arms and just stare at her quietly for several long seconds. At least until she starts fidgeting in place. "You will not be able to always escape from compliments, young lady."

Hildr outright growls my way with a flush on her cheeks, "I can and I fucking will!" Look at her, baring her teeth my way. Such a cutie! I'd squish her cheeks, but I'd probably get set on fire. "Now, where's the fucking bandits? I need victims."

I pause at that, "That sounds like something I'd say…" Hildr stiffens, and I swiftly take the chance to let out a sniff and wipe away a non-existent tear from my Krosis mask, "I am so proud."

Hildr's mature response is to kick my ankle, then reel back with a curse as she gets hurt instead, "The fuck are your bones made out of?!"

"Calcium and crackhead energy."

She growls at me again as I turn my gaze towards the distant mountains directly South of us. "Come on, let's get back on the horses." I am quite glad that despite Evolving the Conjuration Spell, I still hold access to the previous minions I could summon.

The crows are quite useful, especially since I can kinda share their sight.

"You found the bandits?" Hildr blinks and perks up, giving her injured foot a light shake before setting it back down.

"Yup." I pop the 'p' with a low hum, "There's a lot more than I was told too. I'd say… More than five or six dozen for sure." This is a very big group, which is weird.

They'd need a lot of stuff to survive out here due to how dangerous the area is, plus the food requirements. Giants prefer keeping their mammoths around the large valley where Whiterun is settled, not here, so those cannot be their way of gaining food.

And Winterhold does not trade much food produce with Dawnstar, only… Weaponry, ingots and raw ores.

"That's quite a lot, yeah." Hildr muses softly, moving to retreat back to our horses, the air around her warping once more as she starts to warm herself up, "Still, I can't see any smoke, nor a camp… Which should stick out with all this snow."

That's because they have pushed the snow into a large circular hill around their campsite, obscuring them from view. As for why there is no smoke… Probably the constant wind dispersing it before it grows visible.

I mount my own horse and lead the way across the snowy terrain filled with massive ravines where the ice caps cracked apart, our large steeds navigating through it all without any problem.

I do not know what Nords feed their horses, but goddamn are they strong beasts that can tank even a blizzard and not flinch.

"You're quiet." Hildr points out after a long while of riding on horseback, "I dread what kind of horrid plan that is currently being formed within that empty skull of yours."

If I could smile, I'd take off my mask to give Hildr the most feral and insane grin in existence.

"Have you ever heard of the words 'Orbital Bombardment'?"


~~XXX~~​


Needless to say that unfortunately, Hildr – fine uncultured lady that she is – has never heard those words before, nor does she exactly know their meaning.

Beside the fact that it does not bode well, since I am the one that brought the whole thing up.

So I explained it to her, and she had the audacity to gape and pale in pure horror at my plan.

It's not even that bad! Just some harmless shenanigans! A bit of reckless tomfoolery! A silly little childish prank!

Basically, the Werevulture that I recently gained is very, very big and capable of flight, and is also able to grab and take me high up in the air.

And once very high up and above the bandit camp, I start my little plan.

And Conjure nearly sixty or so Flaming Werewolves high in the air, and let them plummet down towards the earth while howling all the while.

This does take up half of my Magicka, but when my reserves recover at near blinding speed it isn't really a problem.

So I just watch as the howling Flaming Werewolves plummet further and further down, then go 'kaboom!' all over the bandit camp like a good ol' fashioned Orbital Bombardment.

And of course the bandits sure as fuck were not ready for the sudden attack.

Each Werewolf exploded with immense force, ravaging more than half of the camp and taking who knows how many lives and nearly crippling who knows how many more bandits.

The force behind each explosion could level a two story building with ease, which delighted me a great deal.

My wonderful suicidal Familiars have grown so much stronger! I am so proud!

Alas, that isn't even the end of the first attack either. The Werevulture starts bringing me down so that I could join the fray, and from how high up I am I can see the gargantuan fireball that Hildr had just conjured right above her head while her horse runs towards the camp.

Soon, she hurls it forward. The fireball that is quickly turning a brilliant blue is hurled through the air, looking bigger than a whole house and with heat that instantly melts all the snow in a dozen meter radius around it.

The massive Spell flies across the camp and smashes down right in the middle of it, creating an immense blast that sends a shock-wave that shakes the whole valley.

The echo carries on for what must be miles, and will surely cause the nearby mountains to experience an avalanche.

Still, the fireball explodes into a powerful blast, the brilliant blue flames swelling and soon gathering so to form the immense demonic werewolf figure of Hildr's Spirit.

The flaming beast lets out a mighty bellow that is akin to a howl and roar mixed together before belching out a massive stream of brilliant orange flames all around it, setting half destroyed tents and people on fire.

I land as the chaos reaches its peak, and I am very, very surprised to see a lot of Magic being thrown around. That's… Peculiar.

I turn my gaze towards one of the closest downed bandits, and find both the weapons and clothing very familiar.

"These guys are Forsworn…" What the fuck are the Forsworn doing so far from The Reach?

...Wait, could this group be stocking up on materials and armor for their next attack on Markarth? It would make sense, since they have been attacking the caravans here.

And it would explain the why those sent to deal with them never returned. The Forsworn are quite the terrifying fighters and Mages, after all.

Either way, there is a whole lot of Magic being thrown at Hildr's Spirit, and it is clearly struggling to recover and handle everything perfectly.

Might as well give it plenty of back-up since I am at it.

More howls fill the air as three dozen massive werewolves march into the camp from a crack in Reality, followed by the massive form of good ol' Marius.

"It is a pleasure to see you again, Ser Leonidas!" The Minotaur greets, large fist slamming against his broad chest as he inclines his head.

I tilt my head as I stare at the very big guy, "Did you get bigger, my friend?" The Minotaur lets out a snort, seemingly happy that I noticed his growth.

"My Lord granted me more strength after that fantastic battle you allowed me to take part in." It's also probably because of those Dragon tail offerings he took back.

Oh well, that's very good for him. "Well, go on ahead. Consider these werewolves your army."

The massive Minotaur snorts, a feral grin spreading across his jaws, showing his very sharp teeth, "No prisoners?"

"Kill and feast all you want." My words made the war-ax wielding Minotaur roar loudly, the werewolves around us letting out howls of their own before they all pounce forward like ravenous beasts.

Soon, the screams and curses filling the air grown even more as the battle gets more chaotic and… well, one-sided.

I don't bother using Terra Santa, as it'll be just too much to deal with these guys, so I just lean back and await our success.

These guys burrowed themselves very well into the side of the mountain, I gotta admit. Used the snow and the wind to their advantage, knowing that tracks are useless with all this wind and that their fires cannot be seen.

The piled up snow instead covers their camp, finishing the pretty much perfect cover.

They clearly planned this very well… I did forget about them, to be honest. Their whole Markarth thing wasn't something I focused that much on.

And honestly? As much as it pains me to say it, making sure Markarth doesn't fall to the Forsworn is very much a non-priority for me. I got bigger issues to deal with right now.

I perk up when Hildr soon walks up right beside me, a strange look in her eyes.

I lean into her field of view like the annoying fuck I am, unable to stop myself, "So, what did ya think of my wonderful Orbital Bombardment?"

Her green eye flicks up to my face, then her cheeks flush slightly as she turns her gaze away, "...It was kinda cool." She whispers softly a few seconds later, making me gasp and reel back.

Yes! I am corrupting her!

Soon, Gretel will be able to unleash horrors on people with her sister!

A sound akin to a thunderclap makes me jump and flip around, my Mind's Eye soon activating and stretching across the whole bandit camp to find the source of- "Is that an Hagraven?"

Right, Forsworn and Hagravens do stick together sometimes. The Hagravens are also those that create Briarhearts, the very powerful Forsworn.

Still… She maybe shouldn't have made her presence known?

I wince at Marius near deafening roar as he runs forward, leaps high into the air, tanks a massive thunderbolt to the chest, then brings down his massive war-ax with every last bit of strength he can muster and unleash.

The whole camp quivers from the impact.

Jesus Christ, they really hate Hagravens, huh…?

I don't think there is even a limb left of that old crone… And Hildr's satisfied grin is kinda sexy too.

I do wonder if this Hagraven had ties with the one at the College. Something to keep an eye on.

"This was quite the massacre." Hildr points out, and I turn to stare at her giant Spirit.

Who, without care, was currently slamming a dude that tried to run away into the ground. Up and down the Forsworn went, having probably died half a dozen slams before.

I slowly turn to look at Hildr. She just shrugs at me, "He's been pent up." I turn back towards the Spirit and watch it rip the Forsworn in half, look sad that he broke his toy, then toss it aside and start looking for another.

Well, Fire Spirits are indeed quite violent, so I guess that's fine.

It doesn't take long for the rest of the Forsworn to get mopped up, with the Werewolves being so fast and strong that none could try to get away, especially with Marius being a fantastic leader and commanding them all with ease.

"I think it's best we burn the corpses." Hildr points out after a bit, "I'd rather not leave so many would-be Draugrs so close to the city." Yeah, she brings up a good point.

I have the Werewolves gather the corpses – the intact ones – into the middle of the camp where Hildr launched her Spirit and left behind a decently sized crater behind.

Of course, not all corpses are gathered there, as I let the Werewolves grab one or two before sending them back.

Marius refused, looking satisfied enough with the fact that he turned an Hagraven into atoms. I really like the guy.

Hildr has her Spirit create a massive fire in the crater, setting the corpses on fire with bright blue flames that will surely turn everything to ashes soon enough.

And now, with everything handled, I can finally check my gains-


[A Soul has been absorbed!] x 67

[A Greater Soul has been absorbed!]​


Huh… Well, goddamn. That's a lot – not enough to get stronger, but I am still satisfied.

I am just a bit away from being able to Evolve myself, but honestly, I'd rather not wait any longer.

"Hildr." I call out softly, making the woman hum and turn away from the bonfire that her Spirit is handling, "I'm… Going to do something dangerous soon enough. Once we get back."

She blinks her lone eyes, before it narrows, "I'll come-"

"No." I cut her off, putting my food down before she can insist. "I am the only one that can resist the effects coming from the island, and I'll be damned if I'll let you risk your life."

She frowns heavily at my words, biting harshly on her lower lip as he keep going, "So just… Stay sharp. If things get bad, don't hesitate on running away."

Hildr turns her gaze away, but I step into her field of view to press the issue, "Promise me, Hildr."

Her shoulders slump in defeat, and a heavy sigh soon leaves her lips, "I promise." Her lone eye soon hardens and locks onto my masked face, "But you better come back."

I chuckle and bow my head, "I promise to do my very best to come back, then."

Hildr nods, small smile on her face, satisfied with my words.

Despite that, I cannot shake how nervous I am about this.

But it's time to move my ass and pay that fucking island a visit.


~~XXX~~​


"Understanding a Shout is different between Humans and Dragons." Her ancient Dragon teacher had told her not too long ago, and Aurelia felt like she had wasted a great deal of time trying to understand something by going at it the wrong way.

But then it clicked for her. The difference.

Dragons understand Shouts through power, through the meaning of the Words within said Shout.

Humans, like her… Aurelia believes it works through emotions.

On several occasions, both during her training and before, did her emotions change how the Shout came out. Either stronger, or weaker, or more uncontrollable.

Anger fed Shouts power, but made them unstable.

Joy made them stable, but weaker.

Sadness made them weaker and end faster.

Each emotion manipulated the final result of a Shout, giving it a boon and drawback.

And so far, Aurelia leaned towards the emotion of Anger. Despite making the Shouts more unstable, she can ignore that issue as long as she aims it away from comrades.

Though, of course, by mastering her own emotions she can master the Shouts too.

Each Shout also worked better with different emotions.

The Fire Breath worked perfectly with Anger, the Unrelenting Force Shout worked well with Disgust, the Time Stop with Calm, so on and so forth.

As long as she finds the perfect emotion for each Shout, she can just master it to perfect both.

Which, obviously, is easier said than done, especially when her own control over her emotions is quite horrendous.

To not speak about how now she also needs to learn how to call upon the mystical force that is the Shehai.

A power that can heal, strengthen the body, and create constructs on par with Divine Armaments. Of course such a thing isn't easy to call upon and master.

All Aurelia knows is that it has to do with the Soul, and that she has to figure the rest by herself. Paarthurnax did not wish to hold her had for everything.

But of course, something had to happen during her training.

"Dragonborn." Aurelia startles, nearly turning towards Paarthurnax's massive form before she realizes that the voice is female, and is coming from the blade in her hands.

Aurelia blinks and stares down at Dawnbreaker's brilliant form, "Lady Meridia?" She questions, momentarily confused, "What can I do for you?"

The Daedric Prince did not waste a second before replying, "Our deal." Aurelia's eyes widen, "A Dragon Priest has awakened near Riften. Do not disappoint me."

Aurelia's takes in a sharp intake of air before her eyes narrow in anger, "Paarthurnax!" She calls out, and the ancient Dragon bows his head.

"You can go, young one." He reassures her, "This challenge has come at a good time. Use this battle learn." He advises, both confusing and delighting her.

Still, she hurried towards her belongings, mostly to retrieve the helmet of the armor Hircine had forged and gifted her.

Maybe if she abused the Whirlwind Shout, she could get to Riften as quickly as she could…

"Come, Dragonborn." Aurelia pauses just as she was about to leap off the Throat of the World, her gaze turning towards the enormous form of the Dragon whose name she still does not know.

The titanic revived beast lowers a lone massive wing, offering it to her so she could climb on his back.

Even Paarthurnax seemed surprised by the action, but soon a low chuckle leaves the ancient Dragon's jaws.

Not one to look a gift horse in the mouth, Aurelia swiftly hurries on the titanic Dragon's back, using the spiked scales along his spine to hold herself as the giant wings start beating. "Thank you!" She calls out as they take flight and depart.

The Dragon remains quiet, diving down below before rising, using the momentum to shoot across the skies at immense speeds that shouldn't be possible due to his sheer bulk and weight.

Moving across his back, Aurelia soon moves to stop on top of the Dragon's head, her eyes staring into the distance with a very heavy frown, "Thank you." She repeats as she holds the warm and bright Dawnbreaker close.

Damnable Undeads…

She shakes that anger away, her thoughts straying towards the one Undead who she longs for.

"I have some words of advice, if you wish to hear them." The revived Dragon speaks up, his loud voice audible even through the rushing wind blowing against them.

Aurelia blinks, then leans forward curiously, "Of course. I'll always welcome some advice."

The Dragon lets out a rumbling noise akin to a hum, remaining quiet for a few seconds as if to mull over the right words before speaking up, "You are afraid." He states, surprising Aurelia.

"You believe you are not strong. That the strength you currently wield is not enough to face this Dragon Priest." Aurelia clenches her fists around Dawnbreaker's handle.

"Am I not wrong to have such thoughts?" She questions softly, looking down in shame.

"It is, and it is not." The Dragon comforts, "You are both Human, and Dragon. Your Human side is very sensitive to emotions, while your Dragon side only shines if you let it."

Aurelia blinks, then tilts her head in confusion, "How do I let that side of me shine?"

The Dragon chuckles, "When your Human side is afraid for a battle, then let your Dragon side take control."

"For a Dragon, a worthy battle is everything. Death can have us proud Dragon when it earns us."

"So view this Dragon Priest as a worthy opponent, not as a being you should fear. A whetstone to grind yourself again, and make the sharpness buried deep within you come to the surface."

Aurelia grits her teeth. The Dragon was right.

She couldn't let fear hold her down. Her trauma from the past kept her nervous and always afraid towards Undead, even those she knew were weaker than her.

But this was a Dragon Priest. The strongest and most trusted soldiers of the Dragons.

And she's supposed to view it as a whetstone?

That thought… That thought excited her. She liked the idea of it.

A filthy and cruel Undead such as that deserved to be treated as not a threat, but as a training dummy.

The mere thought nearly made Aurelia laugh, the nervousness and fear now at the back of her mind.

She could do this. She had to.

"What can you tell me about this Dragon Priest?"

The Dragon below her lets out a cold snort, "Rahgot, a mad attack dog that was not afraid to do the unthinkable. He loved torture and senseless slaughter, and was feared for his immense physical strength. I do not know what power his Mask holds, unfortunately."

A physical fighter? Aurelia relished at that. Krosis was a Mage and kept her at a distance and deprived her of the Thu'Um, but now this Dragon Priest wielded her own greatest strength.

A fine whetstone indeed.

Perhaps this is what Paarthurnax wants? For her to sharpen herself, grow out of her fear, become more confident in her own strength.

And to use this battle to learn. Perhaps to draw on the power of the Shehai, or to master her Anger, or maybe both or none.

The ancient Dragon always confused her when he wasn't direct, but it did not anger Aurelia. She couldn't have everything handed to her.

Breathing in, Aurelia strengthens her resolve… Before her mind wanders momentarily as one of her hands rise towards her bust.

Tucker away beneath the breastplate was a small slip of torn paper. One holding three words that always warmed her heart, and made it ache oh so much.

"I miss you."

The memory fills Aurelia with unimaginable strength, a massive smile spreading across her face beneath her helmet.

She was going to grind Rahgot to dust, then show off to Leonidas! He'll surely praise her lots!

"We are there." The Dragon below her speaks, and Aurelia perks up.

Her gaze narrows and sharpens as she stares far into the distance, towards the destroyed landscape and the massive pit into the earth.

A pit filled with disgusting and vile looking black sludge that overflowed, and released an army of horrors upon the earth.

Aurelia shudders in disgust at the sight, never having thought that she'd see one of the vilest Necromancy practices before her.

The Pit of Damnation. An ancient and forbidden Necromancy ritual that requires decades if not centuries of effort, and thousands of sacrifices.

A huge pit is dug into the earth, and then victims are hung above it and made to bleed into it before dropping them down into their own blood.

More and more corpses and sacrifices are added, together with disgusting poisons from all over.

As time passes by, the blood changes, diseases fester, and those thrown into the pit come back as Undead abomination dripping with poisoned blood.

Seeing the army of Undead creatures rushing towards the clearly and visibly damaged and recovering city makes Aurelia draw in a sharp intake of air as her chest burns with her rising fury.

"Fly me above the edge of the city, please." She requests the Dragon below her, not wishing to waste time as she can see the guards panic while the army of Undead draws closer.

She won't let it. That city visibly suffered enough.

The Dragon dives and flies low, and soon Aurelia steps off and lets herself fall down below, uncaring of the height she was at.

She falls down like a meteorite, her knees bending to better disperse the impact she didn't even feel, and soon her form straightens as she rises and steps out of the crater to face the incoming horde of squealing and screaming abominations.

Aurelia breathes in, and the Dragonborn breathes out.

Dawnbreaker lights up with near blinding light and heat that warps the air around her, and her right foot stomps forward.

The land cracks as she breathes in through cracked teeth.

She had never used this Shout before. Not once since the titanic Dragon gifted it to her after their battle outside Falkreath.

Earth, Stone, Wrath. A Shout aimed towards the land below her feet.

Both hands grip the handle of Dawnbreaker.

The army draws closer.


"GOL-!"​


The Earth cracks open.


"GOLZ-!"​


The very valley shudders as she spins on her heel, Dawnbreaker cleaving through the air in high slash that rises, then falls towards the ground.

The heated blade carves a molten trench as it flies by.


"BAH!"​


The blade slashes skyward, and the very earth is sheared off the bedrock below on its passing.

The very valley howls and screams as the Dragonborn commands its very bowels to rise from the deepest depths.

An earthquake of unimaginable magnitude splits the earth apart, jets of magma erupting skyward and raining down on the land below as a rain of death.

Gargantuan spires made out of compressed stone and bedrock stab skyward, skewering anything in their way to paste.

Ravines, geysers of magma and spires of earth cover the landscape before the Dragonborn.

With a lone Shout, she called forth the anger of Mother Nature upon the filth before her.

Now, to reach Riften, the ravaged army of Undead abomination will need to traverse an unforgiving land of death. An impossible task for their minds incapable of intelligent thought.

The Dragonborn breathes out and brandishes Dawnbreaker, then lifts her furious gaze towards the sky above, so to stare at the floating masked figure.

Her blade rises and is pointed towards Rahgot, a clear sign of challenge.

The flying Dragon Priest visibly clenches his hands, displaying the very signs of his name. Anger.

Uncontrollable anger.

So he silently accepts the challenge by simply starting to descend from his flight, his greatsword forged from the bones of dragon held within his shaking grip.

And as he descends further below, the roars of countless Dragons fill the air.

Four winged beasts rise into view from four different directions, each of different sizes and colors, yet each with one goal in mind.

To challenge the Dragonborn now that she is away from Paarthurnax.

Dawnbreaker is slowly lowered, its heated tip resting on the ground below.

Aurelia breathes in.

Her thoughts stray back towards a conversation she had with the one she longs for the last night they spent together.

"There is a Shout made by mortals. The very first one made by them, in fact. It was made to combat Dragons."

His words ring within her mind, and her hands clench into fists while roars fill her ears.

"It weakens them, forcing them to experience mortality. A Shout meant to harm a Dragon's Soul. It'll be your greatest weapon in the future… And I honestly do not know if you can master it by just knowing the words, but oh well!"

The Dragonborn breathes out.

And then three words are spoken with a tone laced with indifference.


"JOOR-ZAH-FRUL."​


The roars of Dragons soon turn into howls of pain.

Their forms, once flying proudly in the air, now plummet towards the earth like stars plucked out of the sky.

And the Dragonborn stomps forward, blade in hand, ready to reap the lives of masters and servant alike.


~~XXX~~​


"This is as far as I can take ya, young man." I turn my gaze away from the now very close island and towards the jittery and pale old man rowing the boat.

He was sweating profusely, and shaking a great deal, eyes dilated in utter terror.

"It's alright, I can take it from here." I rise and step over the edge of the wooden boat, my boot falling on the calm waves below and falling on a frozen platform.

My other foot soon joins as I freeze a great deal of water below my feet to stand on, "You should go back now. I can make my way back." The old man nods, looking very thankful, "You and the old bastard have my thanks for this."

"Bah, ya took care of them fuckin' bandits." The hunched over old man waves away my words, "Just… Be fuckin' careful, ya crazy bastard." I chuckle and nod, then turn around and start walking as the old man swiftly rows away.

I try to extend my Mind's Eyes, but the Magicka here is so fucking thick that I can barely map out the area five meters ahead of me.

What the fuck is this place?

I draw closer and closer, entire minutes flying by with just the sound of waves filling my ears until I reach the edge of the island.

It looks kinda like a bowl, so I force the frozen platform to rise so for me to reach the very top, which is dozens of meters above me.

It is a bit messy and difficult due to how much the platform starts swaying due to the water, but it's the only way for me to do this for sure.

I'd rather not take a risk with a Werevulture having an attack and dropping me while its flying due to whatever the fuck makes this island and the area around it a literal dead zone.

No fishes, no birds, no nothing. It's quiet. Eerily so.

Soon, my shaky platform reaches the top, and I swiftly step on it. The moment I set foot on the island is the moment I start taking it all in.

It does indeed look like a bowl. The edge of the island I am standing on is literally at the edge of what appears to be an immense crater, though it is not empty.

In the middle of the crater stands a massive structure. A building that appears to be a temple.

Tall, broken pillars line the road leading to the main doors of the temple, with said road being made of enormous bricks that survived the test of time.

Hell, some of the pillars are still intact and standing, and very few of them are broken or gone.

The road leads to a set of stairs that rises to the edge of the island, though the rest seems to end into nothing.

Clearly this island was pushed into the sea and broken off from Skyrim, probably due to the battle where Miraak got his ass beat black and blue.

I walk along the edge until I reach the stairs, then start walking down as I look around the rest of the crater.

Aside from the temple-like structure, there is nothing else. Clearly this place seems to have some form of importance.

Enough so that even after all this time, it still holds the black color of the walls surrounding it, with the structure having been made and adorned with what appears to be Dragon teeth, scales and even bones.

A temple for Dragon worship, maybe? Some kind of offering site?

I halt when I reach the road leading to the still standing and closed main doors, a strange feeling filling my very being as I look down towards the temple.

Unable to help myself, I call forth a dozen Werewolves and Marius just in case, their fur instantly standing on end as soon as they come out.

"Ser Leonidas." Marius greets, brandishing his war-ax with a visible frown, "This place… A great beast lies in wait." The Werewolves growl in agreement at his words.

I don't answer, just… stuck staring down the road and towards the temple.

"Ser Leonidas?" Marius calls out, making me snap out of my daze, "Are you alright?"

I shake my head, then breathe in, "Yeah, just…" I fall quiet, mulling over my words, "Just got hit by a sense of… Nostalgia."

Marius tilts his head at my words, then looks around at the surrounding crater, "Have you been here before, Ser?"

"That's the thing…" I point out quietly, "I have not."

What's going on?

This place… It feels familiar. Nostalgic. Like I've been here before, but also haven't.

I shake my head and step forward, "Be on guard and check the area, a Dragon might pop by anytime soon." Marius nods and steps away, leading the Werewolves to do a sweep of the crater as I walk down the road.

So close I am to the brick I am walking on now that I can see the wear caused by people walking on them, together with the scratches left behind by Dragon claws.

The road is big and wide enough for even Dragons to walk on, but why would they? What is this place?

As I draw closer to the immense doors, I realize that the temple is enormous, far more massive than even the titanic Dragon I fought outside Falkreath.

It stands tall and proud. No cracks or tears or any form of damage time and storms could have done to it.

The massive doors made of metal and having rusted slightly despite how much time has gone by have been carved into.

The drawings show Dragons, humans, Dragon Priests – This is not the war… This is…

People rising against the Dragons, fighting against them, and the Dragons… The Dragons tempt them, having them kill each other for their amusement before granting them power. The Masks.

There are dozens, if not a hundred different stories carved into these doors, and each one… Each one shows how Dragons granted others their Masks.

What they did to find those worthy to wear those artifacts and turn them into their loyal soldiers.

Accomplishment, amusement, battle, murder, cannibalism, betrayal, treachery, strength – So many ways Dragons used to find those they gifted their artifacts and turned into their servants.

But… But if this is true, why are there so few Dragon Priests around Skyrim?

Is the map we gained wrong? Or did the rest all fall during the Dragon War?

No, that's… The resistance never had such strength to fight an army of Dragon Priests.

So where exactly are all the other Dragon Priests?

Shaking away those thoughts, I lift my hands and rest them against the doors.

A loud metallic groan shakes the air as I push them open enough for me to slip in and step into the hall beyond.

Statues line the wall on each side. Statues of Dragon Priests, with a Dragon Skull hanging right above them.

Each statue is at least two dozen meters tall, and each Dragon Priest wields a different weapon or object.

A tome, a staff, a sword, a dagger, a mage, a sword and shield – Each Dragon Priest is different. Armor or robes, heavy or light.

My steps echo across the hall as I walk past the dozens of Dragon Priests statues on each side, until I finally step into the massive circular room at the end of the hall.

At the other end of the room lays a set of stairs going downward, while the room is lit up by a circular hole in the ceiling above, letting the light flow in.

The light illuminates the worn down mural covered by dust and snow below, which I ignore as I step forward.

And only come to a stop once I stand a few meters away from the enormous figure kneeling in the middle of the room.

A man wearing thick, and heavy armor made out of Dragons. Thick plates made out of Dragon bones lay on top of a full-body armor made out of scales and held together by Ebony.

Even when kneeling and hunched over, the man stands a full head taller than me, with a body more than twice my size and arms as thick as my waists.

A massive greatsword as tall as I am is stabbed into the ground beside the armored man, curved and clearly fashioned out of a Dragon's spine, it too holding a modicum of Ebony within it and along the blade and guard.

The helmet of the man is shaped like the skull of a Dragon, the jaws of the skull open enough to show the Mask beneath, it too having been made out of Dragon bones.

This man… He is an Atmoran. Like Ysgramor. I am sure of it.

Progenitors of the Nords, Imperials, Bretons… And the Giants.

Still, what draws my attention about all of this are the chains.

The glowing golden chains stabbed into… nothing. They fade into the air, as if anchored into Reality itself.

The man's harm are bound, stretched and held high to his side, bound heavily by the glowing golden chains and wrap around all of his arms and shoulders.

I breathe out and step closer, and as I do so, I notice something on the chest-plate of the bound man before me.

I pat away the dust that gathered on it to reveal the words. A name, in the Dragon Tongue.

A name that for some reason I can read very easily.

My gaze flicks up to stare at the mask hidden beneath the jaws of the dragon skull helmet.

And through the open eye-sockets of the mask, my eyes meet the blood-red eyes of the still alive and awake Atmoran bound and kneeling before.

"Nice to meet you, Deinmaar."

Deinmaar. Guardian.

This is the man who legends say has helped Winterhold be established.


A.N. And finally, we meet the one character that I am excited to write about!

I have planned so much for Deinmaar that I am jittery with glee.

You guys are gonna love him! I promise! Or… I hope.

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on.com /SamuraiCheem

Lots of love and huggies for all the support y'all give me!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, BrendanS.A, donstar260 and 1,541 others
Musashi-Chan
Jan 15, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 30
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jan 20, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,488
Swordmanship is all about dancing. That is what her dearest mother always told her.

Be nimble on your feet, dance around your opponent, always move and never come to a halt, lest you grant your opponent an advantage.

Though, despite all that, Aurelia found herself unable to follow in her mother's footsteps, and instead followed her father's.

She picked up the greatsword, like he did, and started swinging it. Over and over, until her arms tired out.

She built muscle. She kept swinging.

She felt like something was missing. She kept swinging.

She trained and trained, wishing to be as strong as her parents. To join them in their adventures. To be like those characters in the bedtime stories her mother and father would read to her every night.

She wanted to be liked her parents… Yet, she couldn't.

Her mother was good at Magic. Aurelia wasn't.

Her father was good with a greatsword. Aurelia just relied on brute strength.

Her mother was good with dual blades. Aurelia felt like it did not match her.

No matter what she tried her hand at, she always came up short. Something would feel off, or her training would bear no fruit even after months of hard work, or she just didn't have enough Magicka.

She trained, and she trained and trained. And she kept training.

Her one desire, her one focus, was to simply be able to stand alongside her strong parents, and be a worthy daughter that could follow in their footsteps.

All she wanted was to fight alongside them, and protect them.

Yet, what she got was hiding away in the mud, tears streaming down her eyes, and filling her mouth with dirt to not let out broken sobs as she watched a Necromancer gut her parents and torch the village.

A ritual, he had said. A test for a new puppet he had made, that is all that was.

Dozens dead, just for a test. Out of pure curiosity.

Aurelia vowed revenge. Aurelia wanted to scream and curse and hate the Necromancer.

But said revenge was stolen from her when a Paladin of Arkay ended the filth right then and there.

Everyone was gone. She had lost everything. She had even lost her one chance at revenge. At perhaps making something of her life.

With that gone, she clung to that hatred, and she let herself be taken in by the Paladin.

She joined the order. Trained harder than everyone else. Still ended bottom of her class for her poor capabilities, but she passed.

Blessed with the Light of Arkay, and given an outlet for her hate and anger, Aurelia set off for countless years, hunting down Necromancers and Undead.

That was her life. If she wasn't hunting down a Necromancer or Undead, then she was hunting down information about them.

If she wasn't doing that, then she was taking a break to further train her body, having found herself lacking in the most recent battle.

Over and over she kept going with this same cycle. Never once did it change. Never once did she want it to.

Never once did she see herself living a normal life ever again.

And then a gut feeling sent her to Skyrim. A faint whisper shared between two elders in Riverwood sent her to Bleak Falls Barrow.

And a stupid voice singing without a care in the world in the middle of a crypt filled with Undead led her to Leonidas, and Aurelia's world was never the same again.

For some reason, she held her hand against the strange Undead before her, and that one action held immense consequences.

She found herself laughing a lot and very often, something that rarely happened. She found herself slowing down her life, actually taking her time in doing things, and…

And she wasn't thinking of finding the closest Undead or Necromancer to kill.

For the longest time, those thoughts never entered her head.

For her whole attention was captured by Leonidas. A man with a unique mindset, and that loved being open and direct with everyone, even if he appeared silly or stupid.

If her eyes couldn't rest on his form, then her mind wouldn't stop bringing him up.

Somehow, the very thing that ruined her life… Taught Aurelia how to live again.

He beat down her walls, dispelled her fears, brightened up her life, and made her stomach ache with constant laughter, or made her temples ache from the constant chaos he would unleash within seconds.

For the first time in her life, Aurelia experienced love. The love a woman would feel towards another man.

And she, funnily enough, fell for an Undead.

The very thing she swore to hate and hunt down until she died, somehow started making her heart beat quicken and her cheeks burn.

But also made her smile. Constantly.

Just one thought, and she is all smiles.

A content sigh leaves her lips, and Dawnbreaker roars within her grasp.

The ground collapses beneath her feet, and the wind screams by her ears as her form blurs across the ruined valley. Yet another battlefield that needed her presence.

A battlefield that needed both the Dragonborn and the Paladin of Arkay.

Dawnbreaker's brilliant blade slices through the air mercilessly, the overheated blade warping the air around it slicing through scales, flesh and bones effortlessly, sending a Dragon's head flying with laughable ease.

Its Dragon Soul is soon devoured, but Aurelia easily ignores that feeling as she rushes to the next Dragon.

Four in total, three remaining. A brilliant sky-blue aura was attached to their forms, digging into their flesh and tearing at their very Souls like a terrifying parasite.

It was a most terrifying Shout. One borne from the hate countless Mer and Men Races experienced as Dragons enslaved them, and used them for entertainment and mere snacks.

And this unyielding Hate was aimed straight at the Dragons immortal Souls, making them experience what mortality is like.

What being weak felt like.

Their wings failed them, and they plummeted from the skies with roars of disbelief. Of pain.

Of Fear.

Her new target that crashed into the earth powered through the pain despite its broken and snapped wings bent at unnatural angles.

The proud scaled beast roared in defiance, jaws spread wide open for a Breath attack… Yet nothing came out, making the Dragon snap back in shock, confusion and more fear.

A blade sliced through its skull, and its Soul was consumed soon after.

The third Dragon was too consumed by the pain tearing its Soul apart to see the blade coming.

The fourth had tried to draw closer to the Dragon Priest slowly descending from the air, but it was too blinded by the pain to see the blade coming until it disemboweled it.

And with that, there were no more Dragons standing between the Paladin and the Dragon Priest.

Aurelia's sharp gaze lingered upon the armored form of the floating Dragon Priest, his form slowly descending down from the sky, greatsword in hand and held in a tight, seemingly shaking grip.

Her free hand moves to join the other in gripping Dawnbreaker's handle, but yet again, Aurelia feels like its wrong, so she keeps wielding it with one hand.

Greatswords weren't heavy for her anymore. Her strength had become utterly absurd after devouring so many Dragon Souls, so now the usual comforting weight of a greatsword is gone. They now were as light as a feather in her hands.

As if all the training she did to build muscles across the years was all for nothing.

Yet, Aurelia did not feel bad about it. This was due to her Dragon Soul. Her power. It was a part of her, so she shouldn't be angry about it.

Her posture relaxes, and her head turns to regard the distant pit still releasing a vile air of Necromancy, together with the constant army of Undead.

Luckily, the environmental hazard she had left behind proved to be too much for Undead lacking intelligence, so-

Her instincts suddenly flared, the hair on the back of her neck standing on end as she whirls around, Dawnbreaker cutting through the air without second thought.

Two greatswords clash against one another with immense force backing both blades, which was released as an enormous shock-wave that flattened the earth and made Aurelia's ears ring from the near deafening metallic ring.

Her whole arm came back numb from the clash, both her and the Dragon Priest having been forced back from the exchange, with the tall and imposing masked Undead now standing on the ground.

Aurelia hums and rolls her arm, flexing her numb hand a few times to get the feelings from it back before turning towards Rahgot and tilting her head, "...You're kinda weak."

That slash she used to parry his blow… She didn't put her back into it.

While Rahgot used both arms to deliver that blow.

Aurelia felt… disappointed.

Yet at the same time, she was surprised. Was she really this strong? Could she have handled Krosis if she wasn't scared?

Her words made Rahgot freeze, his massive form coming to a sudden halt, as if he couldn't believe what he had just heard.

Then his hands shook, and finally started shaking. His arms soon followed, then his shoulders.

Aurelia tilts her head further at the sight, "You having a stroke over there?" She questions, feeling the corrupted side of her – Leonidas's fault – come to the surface for some reason.

And the first and last time it did was against Krosis, when she joined Leonidas in utterly humiliating a Dragon Priest.

Aurelia snaps back into focus when Rahgot releases a noise that no animal or Human – or any of the existing known Races – would ever be able to replicate.

Still, it was some kind of scream, mixed with a bellow of pure anger, followed by an overhead slash that came for her skull and life.

Aurelia just sidesteps it with a low hum, Dawnbreaker slicing through the air and nearly taking Rahgot's head off as soon as his blade smashes into the ground, sending a surge of broken earth and dust high in the air.

The swipe is dodged with a simple tilt of the head, and Aurelia clicks her tongue, mentally admonishing herself. She should have gone for a shoulder or arm, not directly for the head.

Still, being in such close proximity to her was not advantageous for Rahgot. Dawnbreaker's radiance set his form on fire, the brilliant platinum-gold flames of Sunfire eating away at his robes and armor tainted with Necromancy.

Twisting the blade, the Dragon Priest wrenched it out of the ground while stomping to the right, dragging his weapon and ruthlessly hacking it through the air, aimed straight at Aurelia's hips, hoping to slice her in half.

Aurelia twists the Daedric Artifact, but knew she wouldn't be able to move sword wielding arm fast enough to meet the wild slash.

So she slammed her kneecap against the flat side of Rahgot's greatsword while leaning her upper body back, and she soon watched the blade go wide and miss her by a massive margin.

So much so that Rahgot stumbled from having the attack go wide in such a manner, the view making Aurelia release a light snort as she straightens herself.

Damnable Leo. She was starting to become unable to take things seriously now!

Another wordless howl of anger flowed out of Rahgot as the imposing Undead flipped around, swinging the blade in his hands down like a sledge-hammer.

Aurelia likened his actions to a tantrum from a child, making her wonder if this man had everything handed to him. Had everything go his way.

And when it didn't, he'd just go insane with anger, hence his name.

She sniffs, uncaring to find out the truth of her assessment as she lowers her stance and grabs Dawnbreaker with both hands before slashing it upward to meet the incoming downward slash.

The impact was near deafening, her form stumbling and nearly loosing footing as their clash ruptured the earth, making it burst upward like a wild geyser.

Aurelia clicks her tongue and narrows her eyes, the intense power behind the clash having sent Dawnbreaker flying out of her grasp.

She still wasn't used to her strength…

A wordless howl snaps her back into focus, with Rahgot's masked form bursting out of the thick cloud of dust and debris, blade still in his grip and once more coming for her head.

She side-steps the slash, then her fist smashes straight into Rahgot's masked face, sending his whole skull reeling backward together with his upper body from the force of the blow.

His right hand comes loose from the greatsword, freeing one arm, which she ruthlessly grabs and yanks with ease, lifting the towering Undead over her shoulder before slamming him into the earth.

A rumble echoes across the valley as she craters a pit into the earth with the Undead's body as a tool, her armored boot lashing out to swiftly kick away the now discarded greatsword, her gaze taking that chance to flick around to seek her own.

She saw it, dozens of meters away, stabbed into one of the earthen spires she conjured with her initial Shout.

She clicked her tongue again, then soon leap away from the rumbling debris filled pit she smashed Rahgot into just in time for her to dodge the upheaval of the very earth.

Another tower of dust and debris rose high into the sky as Rahgot came crawling out of it like a beast crawling out from the pits of Hell, his gaze never leaving Aurelia, not even bothering to seek his sword.

Slowly, the Dragon Priest stands, covered in dust and from still falling pebbles, hands clenching into tight and trembling fists.

The Undead rolls his neck, then his shoulders. A glowing pitch-black aura soon engulfs his form, and Aurelia curses beneath her breath as she feels her body be covered in goosebumps.

Ebony Flesh.

'I need a weapon.' She thinks, knowing that she wasn't that good in hand-to-hand combat, yet she still clenched her fists and raised her arms.

The Shehai. It was all about creating a weapon. One able to cut through anything.

A power that comes from the Soul.

But how the hell does she call it forth?

With gritted teeth, Aurelia stomps forward and swings her right arm – Her eyes widen slightly when Rahgot easily grabs and halts her fist, the impact of her punch against his palm releasing a muffled shock-wave.

With a click of the tongue, she stomps closer and swing her other arm while leaning her head back.

Rahgot audibly sneers, free arm rising up and grabbing her wrist before her punch could connect with his skull- And then said skull reeled back when she head-butted him. Hard.

His form stumbles back, releasing her wrist and fist, and her foot soon crashes into his chest with enough force to kill a normal man- Yet all it did was lift Rahgot off the ground and send him back a few paces.

He lands on his feet and dusts himself off, the protection offered by Ebony Flesh being far too great for her current physical strength to overwhelm.

She'll lose in a hand-to-hand fight… So she thinks on what Leo would do in such a situation.

The answer is instant.

Play dirty.

She kicked at the ground, sending a wave of dust forward, then flicked a bright ball of light straight through it and towards Rahgot, then she rushes forward as the cloud of dust lights up from the blinding flash that erupted from the other side.

She comes through to Rahgot's form stumbling back, as Undead being always make the mistake that they cannot be blinded.

They can, if Holy Light does the blinding.

"TIID-!" Time slows to a crawl, and her fist slams into the side of Rahgot's head, snapping it to the side.

It felt like she tried to punch a mountain, but Aurelia powered through.

Chest, stomach, liver, cheek, throat- She rained down at least three dozen blows in quick succession before time started flowing normally, and released a surge of shock-waves layered upon each other in a split-second soon after.

Aurelia shakes her arm as Rahgot is sent flying, armor torn apart and fully destroyed, the protective and empowering light of Ebony Flesh faltering and growing visibly weak.

But Aurelia curses under her breath when she notices Rahgot was sent flying straight in the direction of his discarded weapon.

His form flips through the air, feet, knees and clawed hands digging into the dirt to halt his momentum before he swiftly rises, "FUS-!"

Her eyes widen as the earth cracks, and she feels the world squeeze down around her.

"RO-!" The squeezing became near-suffocating, the air cracking and popping as it tried to tear her apart.

"DAH!" The Reality howled as it was commanded to PUSH, pulverizing anything in its wake.

"FEIM." Aurelia whispers beneath her breath, and smirks when the immense Unrelenting Force shout flattening the valley just flies straight through her ethereal form as she moves forward.

Erasing the distance in a single leap, her form turns material once more just a split-second before her fist, cloaked in surging Holy Light, smashes straight into Rahgot's skull with every ounce of strength she could muster.

His form his lifted off the ground and smashed into the earth, Ebony Flesh shattering from the impact.

It was one of the reasons why Aurelia never invested in Flesh Alteration Spells. A few blows, and they'd break, wasting useful Magicka.

Even Ebony Flesh, possibly the most powerful variant, still had such a glaring weakness.

Her boot, also cloaked in blinding Holy Light, slams into the downed Rahgot's stomach, kicking him through the torn earth, using his body to carve a trench as a pained grunt left his form.

Not afraid now that they were once more evened out, Aurelia stalked closer as Rahgot leaped to his feet, keeping him focused on her and not on his nearby discarded weapon.

Her senses extended, and she found Dawnbreaker. Behind her, but far to the right.

Aurelia fixes her position as Rahgot pounces forward. She ducks beneath the wide haymaker and punches him in the stomach hard enough to shake the ground, the Holy Light cloaking her body making the Undead experience and falter from pain.

But he recovers swiftly, and she grunts as his elbow digs into her spine, slamming her into the ground.

She doesn't try to stand and instead rolls to the side, avoiding the stomp aimed for her throat. Her fingers dig through cracked earth, and she whirls herself around, legs stretched out and lashing out.

Rahgot jumps to avoid having his feet kicked out from beneath him, giving her time to jump back to her feet, but the dark glow of Ebony Flesh cloaks his body once more.

Not as intense as before, but it still frustrated her to no end.

And from the way Rahgot was leaning, Aurelia could tell that he had taken notice of his weapon and was planning on grabbing it soon.

'I need a weapon.' Aurelia reminds herself, hating how light her arms felt.

Her fist weren't enough. She didn't like using them. She preferred a blade. One that could cut.

She snaps back into focus when Rahgot stomps forward, wide haymaker aimed at her head coming from the left.

Her arm comes up, blocking the blow, but she chokes out a gasp when Rahgot's knees her in the stomach.

It hurt, but not insanely so. She had grown a lot tougher, and the armor Hircine rewarded her with also blocked a great deal of the blow.

Still, she wasn't one to give up on an opening such as this.

Her free hand comes down and grabs the raised armored ankle, and a snap echoes as she shatters decayed bone and rusted armor with her strong grip.

She whirls around with a grunt, dragging the Dragon Priest with her, and wielding him like a flail as she smashed his body into the earth.

Then she spun around again, dragging his form along, and once more smashed him into the debris of the ruined valley that is their battlefield.

Again and again she slammed his body into the ground, pouring Holy Light through her limbs and into his body to make him experience pain, and to tear at the durability of Ebony Flesh.

With a final slam, his leg comes loose, which she swiftly turns to dust with her overflowing Holy Light.

Alas, she slammed the bastard right next to his blade, which bounced in the air from the constant crater-making impacts, giving Rahgot the chance to swiftly snatch it out of the air and turn his head in her direction.

Her boot smashes into his stomach just as calls forth another Shout- "FUS-!" And both of their forms were instantly sent hurtling into the distance, but in opposite directions.

Aurelia smirked right after a quick grunt as she was smashed into a certain earthen spire, the one with Dawnbreaker lodged into.

The force behind the Shout wasn't that great, so she easily pulled herself free and swiftly wrenched her Daedric Artifact out of the hard dark stone it was sent flying into, then giving it a twirl.

Aurelia breathes in and stares down at the once more glowing blade, radiating greater heat and Holy Light than before now that it was back in her hands.

Her fingers clench around the handle, her eyes sharpening as once more she feels that feeling that it's wrong. That she wasn't fighting the way she should.

It vexed her. This feeling just kept nagging her, and she just couldn't quite place the why…

No, it was something simple. Something silly, even.

Her other hand… It felt empty. Just hanging there, being useless.

She could grasp Dawnbreaker with both hands, but Aurelia felt like it would be useless, and she felt like it wouldn't match her current level of strength. It would be too overwhelming, it would easily throw her off balance. A missed swing would spell disaster, an opening she couldn't afford.

It had happened to Rahgot too, right before her very eyes.

Aurelia breathes out, and her traitorous mind conjures the voice of her mother, past teachings of her ringing in her head.

"Wielding a greatsword is like being a bear. Constantly on the offensive, pure raw power behind each swing. You are the beast, powerful and ferocious… But also a big target. Each swing needs seconds to recover. Precious seconds that can spell life or death."

Staring down at Dawnbreaker, Aurelia gives it another twirl… Before passing it to her left hand, and holding it in a reverse grip.

"Dual Wielding instead gives you a weapon for attack, and one for defense and counter-attack. Both are light, giving you more freedom, allowing you to more."

Breathing in, Aurelia looks up as a wordless howl rings across the ruined battlefield, shaking the very air.

She feels an immense wave of heat slam against her, a pillar of roaring flames surging skyward, unleashing an immense conflagration that spread like waves crashing upon a beach.

The white-orange flames surged, popping and crackling like powerful explosives, and from within that storm of flames she could see Rahgot.

His mask was glowing a radiant white color, flames overflowing out of it and into his body, changing and morphing it.

His back was hunched over, his form bigger and more imposing from before, his limbs cloaked in hardened molten magma that dripped on the ground below, a powerful flaming dragon-like tail stretching out from his back.

His limbs had grown wider. Thicker. His hands became flaming claws, the nails a radiant white color that showed the heat overflowing out of them.

His blade glistened with the same heat, a coating of hardened flames wrapped around the edges, to perhaps overpower her own blade and ruin it.

Rahgot's appearance seemed… demonic. Aurelia could easily tell that the power of his Mask was some form of physical enhancement mixed with some kind of Flame Magic.

She could see the magma overflowing from the mask, hardening around Rahgot's form like a suit of armor, even giving the Dragon Priest another leg to replace the one she tore off and destroyed.

Her reverse grip over Dawnbreaker hardened as Aurelia changed her stance.

Her father taught her how to fight, how to find weak-spots and create openings, and how to cover her own and or use them to her advantage, taking a blow to deliver a more devastating one.

Her mother instead taught her how to move, and how to properly wield weapons.

"Right foot in front of the left one." Aurelia closes her eyes, the memory of her young self standing before her old home and being taught by her wonderful parents surfacing in her mind.

She could see their smiles, and this time she did not ward the memory away. She welcomed it, finding a form of… acceptance.

The hate for Undead and Necromancers was still there… But it didn't blind her anymore. It didn't lead or manipulate her life anymore.

Funny, how the one being that ruined her life, also managed to somehow fix it and change her.

She wondered if her parents would be proud of what she accomplished in life.

But she also had a lot more to achieve.

Her stance shifts, her right foot moving to stand before her left one. "Slightly bend your left knee, leave only the front of your left foot touching the ground, and lean on it. Like so, you can launch yourself in any direction."

She follows suit, and twists her body to replicate her mother's stance when she wielded her two blades.

Dual-wielding greatswords… She wondered if anyone ever did such a crazy did in the past…

Her right shoulder moved forward, hiding Dawnbreaker, held in a backward grip with the blade resting behind her arm, from view as its brilliance needed.

Her eyes remained close, but she could feel and hear Rahgot pounce forward. A disaster rushing through the earth in her direction, a roaring conflagration following in tow.

Right hand still empty, Aurelia's thoughts land back to the Shehai.

The power of the Soul, shaped into a peerless sword of her making.

The power of the Soul.

And her Soul is that of a Dragon.

Her empty fingers curl as she breathes out, all sound vanishing as she views herself holding the handle of a blade.

"Yol-Toor-Shul." She calls forth Reality, and Wills it to bend and shape the power of the very Sun to her whims.

Of course, something as overpowering and as domineering as the Thu'um is not meant to become controlled. To be tamed and cowed.

Dragons trained it by granting it greater power. By becoming more attuned to it, letting it radiate out of their scales, changing their mortal forms to better attune themselves to that wild, unrestrained power.

Yet Aurelia felt it. She felt it rampage against her, but something joined in. Something gentle, warm, like a mother's kind embrace.

It formed blueprints of what she desired. What she needed. It laid down the foundation, and used the surging power she called forth from her very Soul to make it take form. Giving it an outlet.

A weight settles in her empty hand, and Aurelia swings it without opening her eyes, meeting the falling blade with a casual slash of her new weapon.

A Sun bloomed into existence, and Rahgot felt like a meteorite smashed into his form.

The land melted, a dazzling heated brilliance that hurt the eyes blooming forth like the Sun rising over the horizon, dispelling the darkness once and for all.

But this light was greater. Intense, wild, rampaging. The roar of a Dragon could be heard coming from it, shaking the very Heavens.

Aurelia felt like she wielded a part of Paarthurnax in her hands. A part of Yolosqah. Their very Will, the understanding and wisdom they left in her.

She felt Yolosqah's pride. His desire to become more. Greater. Become one with the Thu'um.

She also felt his respect in her. His joy in being defeated in battle. In having been her greatest opponent yet. One she overcame.

Then she felt Paarthurnax's overflowing wisdom. His patience. The immense power he tamed while mastering his nature and changing his ways.

The brilliance faded. The ground stopped melting, and her boots carried her out of the pool of molten slag surrounding her.

Rahgot had become a meteor, his form sent smashing through hills and earthen spires both, bouncing on the earth like a pebble skipping on water.

All from a casual swing of her new blade.

Aurelia looked down, eyes wide, her head throbbing in a violent and horrid headache.

In her hands lay a long greatsword, seemingly made out of glowing white-orange glass.

Paarthurnax told her that constructs made from the Shehai were transparent, and held no weight.

Yet Aurelia felt like she was holding a mountain. The weight pleased her, and the heat radiating from it and flowing through her arm comforted her.

A handle seemingly made out of scales rested in her grip, with a guard being a Dragon skull, jaws parted open to let the long blade flow out.

The heat radiating from it was immense, yet restrained within, ready to flow out with a simple swing of it.

Aurelia could tell that the power of the blade was finite. Each swing would consume more and more, but the power she'll be able to unleash makes it more than worth it.

This wasn't the Shehai. Not yet, at least. Aurelia could tell that she used that power, but it didn't come out as perfect, it merely acted as a stabilizing force for this creation of hers.

Still, for a first try, Aurelia was quite proud of the result, even if it tired her out a great deal.

Brandishing her new heavy blade, she smiles beneath her helmet, a low whisper leaving her lips- Before she vanishes from her spot.

Rahgot had just finally stopped his momentum by plunging his flame-coated greatsword into the ground, and used it to slow himself to a halt and lift his bulky form back up.

His head rises up just in time to see his opponent blink into existence, the strange crystal-like blade cutting down towards his skull, forcing him to hastily side-step.

The tip of the blade touches the ground, and a blinding flash erupts. A wave of immense heat is instantly released, causing the air to expand near-instantaneously in an immense compressed shock-wave that could be seen for miles.

An expanding dome of white that purged the clouds from the skies above.

And then the bone-rattling sound reverberated across the land, causing avalanches from the mountains surrounding the regions and glassing the earth below.

The once present environmental hazard left behind by Aurelia was scorched clean, leaving behind glazed and glassed bedrock.

At its epicenter, Rahgot felt Ebony Flesh be shattered once more, the bones of his ribcage hidden beneath his being nearly vaporized, leaving behind only his cracked spine.

Still he pushed forth, as he did not feel it, and he swiftly swung his blade to behead the bent over and open Dragonborn, capitalizing on that clear-as-day opening.

But the glowing golden blade that intercepted the blow with ease, held in a reverse grip and flicked out at the right angle to jab against the flat side of Rahgot's greatsword, sending the blow astray.

Aurelia spins her hunched over body, twirling around and cutting out with the crystallized flame-blade in her grasp, the vicinity forcing Rahgot to use his left arm and gauntlet to block the blow.

Contact with the blade instantly unleashed another devastating explosion of heat and force, but one tens of times weaker than the previous one.

Yet still strong enough to pulverize his arm and shoulder with little to no resistance.

He stumbles backward, liquid flames and molten rock flowing from his mask and across his body to reforge a new arm.

As he does so, he watches in glee as the crystallized blade shatters and fades into particles within his opponent's grasp, and he pounces forward once more, the constant humiliating failures and injuries only fueling his anger.

The golden Holy blade switches from one hand to the other, and their weapons clash once more, a metallic clang echoing through the air from the impact.

Rahgot growls like a beast as their blades drag against each other, sending showers of sparks raining down on their forms as they split up, then rushed in for another exchange.

Their blades were a flurry of steel and sparks, clashing together dozens of times in a matter of seconds, and with each clash, Rahgot grew angrier and angrier.

It was humiliating.

He was losing.

The Holy blade being so close kept tearing away at him, slowing him down by setting his form alight with Holy Flames, weakening him constantly as he experienced PAIN. Constant, horrid pain.

And each clash rattled his bones, cracking them further and further, putting him on the losing side as his decaying body couldn't handle the strength he used to wield in life.

But would it have mattered if he still had his body of flesh and blood…?

That traitorous thought made him come to a momentarily halt. A short one, yet a moment of weakness that is instantly capitalized on.

His world explodes into horrendous pain as a dagger made of Holy Light is stabbed into his exposed neck faster than he could react or recover.

He stumbles back, the pain almost blinding, leaving him unable to think.

"FUS." Aurelia chants once more, her headache growing worse while her throat starts aching, yet another crystallized blade appears in her grasp, same as the previous one, but now a dark-blue in color.

And she brandished it in a backward grip while rushing forward, planning on finally ending this battle once and for all.

Rahgot howls in anger, a wild predictable slash aimed at her neck. A desperate attack to put some distance between them, so that he could work off the pain flooding his senses.

Aurelia doesn't let him. Dawbreaker hacks down mercilessly, and a hand is sent flying through the air together with the sword in its grasp.

The howl of anger becomes one of pain, and Aurelia twirls around- "Insolence-!" The Dragon Priest finally speaks, but his words do not have the time to end before the sharp edge of a crystallized blade impacts with the side of his mask.

An ear-splitting popping sound rings out as the crystallized blade collapses from just one use, Rahgot's body bending at an unnatural angle as the flames around his form sputter out.

He is nearly sent stumbling over, his arm and leg made of molten slag collapsing into powder as his mask is hurled off his face from the sharp impact.

Aurelia smirks at her successful gamble, but curses herself for having done such a thing so late into the fight.

Still, she powers through- "ZUN-!" Aurelia blinks when Dawnbreaker is forcefully sent flying out of her grasp… But she just clenches her now free hand into a fist and punches the absolute shit out of Rahgot's face, sending rotten teeth flying and dislodging his jaw.

"As someone I dearly love once said to Krosis…" She speaks, a smirk into her voice as she stomps forward, left hand clenched into a fist, "You ain't shit!" She cackles out, uppercutting Rahgot in his freely hanging jaw.

The bone is pulverized and fused with his nose, lodging the few left-over teeth into his nasal cavity while his form is lifted several meters off the ground.

Jumping up, Aurelia grabs at the Dragon Priest's scorched robes and falls back down with him, landing on one stretched out knee and smashing Rahgot's spine into it.

A sickening crack fills the air as the spine shatters, and Aurelia mercilessly rips the filthy bastard in half, setting the lower part alight with her Holy Light while tossing the upper part on the ground.

She breathes out, feeling the adrenaline pumping through her body slowly come to a halt as her body relaxes.

The battle is as good as over now.

Aurelia straightens herself and rolls her neck, a faint smile on her face, "I must thank you." She starts, feeling a strange sense of… freedom.

Of acceptance.

Of… Finality.

Her hands rise to remove her helmet, and she lets out a breath as she shakes her head, ignoring how Rahgot is trying to desperately crawl away while whimpering.

She wasn't worried. The previous immense explosion had even evaporated the Pit, so it was all over.

"I hate your kind." Her boots move, bringing her towards the fallen glowing Dawnbreaker. "I forever will."

"But I won't let this Hate blind me anymore." She crouches down and grabs the blade, its glow resurfacing once in contact with her. "I won't let it hold me back. Let it create fear in me."

"So I must thank you." Aurelia turns and starts walking back towards the crawling Rahgot, one lone arm desperately clawing at the glassed earth, and towards his discarded Mask.

"Your weakness opened my eyes to my strength." Her boot falls down on his back, pinning the half-corpse to the ground.

"My duty does not scare me anymore. I welcome it. I embrace the challenge." She grins. A proud, toothy grin that reaches her bright eyes, "Like a Dragon should."

Her boot lashes out, and she kicks the Dragon Priest on his back, allowing her to stare into his flame-like eyes.

They are blue. Not green.

They are cruel.

Not wonderful, like his.

"You've been a decent enough grindstone, Rahgot." Her blade plunges down, stabbing clear through the Undead being's chest.

He howls. He howls and screams and trashes as his being and Soul are set alight with blinding flames.

She lifts his form up, holding him high in the sky, against the light of the sun shining down on them.

"But I hope you suffer." Aurelia coldly and ruthlessly states. "I hope you face eternal torment. That the gates of Sovngarde slam shut before you, and that you experience unspeakable horrors for each innocent life that you took and ruined."

Rahgot howls. A sound of madness, anger and pain. A sound filled with desperation.

His arm, lacking a hand, lashed out desperately, hitting at her face and shoulders and whatever it could reach.

Aurelia didn't even blink or twitch from the weak blows, watching as the limb disintegrated into sparkling dust with each passing second.

"And remember this, as you pass on…" She smirks cruelly, staring straight into those blue flames as she does so.

"You ain't shit."

She twists her blade, and a blast of Holy Light disintegrates the Dragon Priest.

A quiet falls on the battlefield as Aurelia's arm slumps down.

She lifts her head and closes her eyes, feeling the warmth of the Sun against her face.

'Tell me, is there anything you enjoy?'

She remembers that question from Leo. He wants to know more about her, and Aurelia… Aurelia finally feels herself free enough to learn more about herself.

She opens her eyes, and the world looks… Brighter. Wonderful.

"I like the feeling of the Sun's warmth on my skin." She muses softly, a gentle gust blowing against her face, dragging with it a scent that comes from the forest.

'Do you have a favorite scent?'

"This scent…" She breathes in, her smile blooming, "I like this one. The scent of the forest."

'A favorite sound?'

Her ears perk up, the roaring cheers coming from the people of Riften reaching her even from this distance, the populace of the city having watched the battle from the walls.

"This." She smiles, closing her eyes and enjoying the sounds of happiness filling her ears, "I like this sound."

Aurelia slowly lowers herself until she sits on the ground, resting Dawnbreaker to her side as she leans back to enjoy the sun and the air.

And for the first time in many years…

Aurelia takes a moment to enjoy what the World has to offer.


A.N. People wanted a chapter where Aurelia shines.

I wrote that, and more.

She's finally letting go of the shackles binding her form, and all because Leonidas just… exists.

Also, hope y'all enjoy her new power! I've mixed the Shehai with Dragon Shouts, creating what I've dubbed 'Dragon Blades' 'Dovah Tuz' – still seeking a cooler name – which are basically Shouts, but condensed into the form of a Blade.

Trust me, this shit will get even more OP. Aurelia is gonna be insane in the future.

Leo is also gonna go all monke mode when he sees her again. Poor dude.

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on.com/ SamuraiCheem

Either way, hope y'all enjoyed this!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, donstar260, Levky and 1,508 others
Musashi-Chan
Jan 20, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
1
2
  Next
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
26 more messages…
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty
This thread is more than 43 days old.
Your message may be considered spam for the following reasons:

Posting in story or quest threads that have been dormant for more than 30 days is a violation of Rule 7. You may only post in this thread if you have significant new content to add.
If you wish to reply despite these issues, check the box below before replying.
Be aware that malicious compliance may result in more severe penalties.
I am aware that replying to this thread may be considered spam, but I still want to make a reply.

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Vexin98
 [NSFW] Lord Kvatch (The Elder Scrolls/A Song of Ice and Fire)
Vexin98 Saturday at 05:46 Words: 18k a song of ice and fire elder scrolls isekai
Replies28
Views5K
Today at 06:07
veekie
[NSFW] A Different Kind of Vampire(A Vampire Dairies/ Elder scrolls fanfiction)
Godofthunderui8 Jun 8, 2026 Words: 20 elder scrolls v: skyrim mage but not as we know it skyrim au
Replies22
Views1K
Jun 17, 2026
Godofthunderui8
Vergil1989 Crossover King
 [NSFW] Shout at the Heavens (Eventual OP OC Dragonborn 'wizard' in Fairy Tail)
Vergil1989 Crossover King Jun 5, 2026 Words: 119k 1 ... 4 5 6 decently smart mc elder scrolls v: skyrim eventual overpowered protag
Replies172
Views33K
Aug 12, 2026
Vergil1989 Crossover King
Vergil1989 Crossover King
CaedmonCousland
[NSFW] Who We Worship - An Inevitable Journey [Pre-Canon Skyrim SI]
CaedmonCousland Jun 5, 2026 Words: 9.6k adventure elder scrolls elder scrolls v: skyrim
Replies14
Views2K
Jun 6, 2026
GooseElite
GooseElite
Lord_Indoril_Nerevar
[NSFW] That Time I was Isekai'd into Skyrim as an Orc
Lord_Indoril_Nerevar Feb 14, 2026 Words: 14k crossover elder scrolls elder scrolls v: skyrim
Replies16
Views6K
Mar 8, 2026
Lord_Indoril_Nerevar
Lord_Indoril_Nerevar
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit


Questionable Questing
 
Forums 
What's new 
Members 
Heliel43
New posts 
Watched 
New threadmarks 
Mark forums read
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
[NSFW] I, Draugr
 Thread starterMusashi-Chan  Start dateFeb 23, 2024  Tagsconversation make author happy elder scrolls elder scrolls v: skyrim female dragonborn also waifu male protag minor harem? maybe? possible multicross reviews make author giddy serana is waifu
Prev  
1
2
 
Ignore
Unwatch

Thread Tools
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Threadmarks Chapter 31 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jan 26, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,581
It is rare that I find myself at a loss for words.

When one can't feel anything other than emotions, they focus on their own mind and just start thinking, and thinking, andthinking.

It is all I've been doing since I've appeared in this world.

Thinking about the challenges ahead. About the why I was sent here. About who sent me here. About the how.

Thinking on how then strength needed to survive is one that cannot be described.

Two of the strongest Dragon Priest fighting reshaped the land and cracked Skyrim apart, splitting a piece of it and sending it far into the ocean.

And that level of power won't allow me to survive.

I dare not imagine the level of strength Alduin wields, and I am wondering why he hasn't just started laying waste to the continents as a whole.

Is it because it bores him? Because he'd rather not waste his time? Because he'd rather aim straight for Sovngarde the moment it has an army that can stall for him?

The answer I came up with that is due to a certain line from the game that one may hear when they meet Ulfric in Sovngarde.

He regretted his actions, because only in Sovngarde he realized that all that death was making Alduin stronger.

So the reason behind Alduin's inaction is not that he does not want to, but because hecan't.

He is too weak right now, likely weakened from his trip to time jail at the top of the Throat of the World. So now he won't waste strength uselessly beside when he tried to preemptively end Aurelia in Helgen, but failed for not having a clear target.

Hell, he doesn't even have to do anything, just let his army go around and cause chaos.

After all, I doubt he grows stronger from the deaths that happen only in Skyrim.

How many wars are going on? How many villages are being destroyed by crazed lunatics? How many bandits are slaughtering innocent caravans?

How much death is going on right now, and is all currently feeding the World-Eater, who just relies on Men and Mer nature to kill each others so to regain is strength?

All these thoughts are terrifying. Me and Alduin are similar, growing stronger from death, but we are also different.

He leads senseless slaughter to gain it, while I do not.

I am at a disadvantage. I will always be. One way or the other, I need to find a way to catch up. To hinder him.

Or, to make up for my shortcomings.

As much as I wish I could bear this burned all by myself, I know that I cannot. I am just one man, even if gifted with a rather busted power that can so easily be abused.

So, the only other way I could think of is to gather allies. Help people reach a level that even if they cannot stand toe to toe with Alduin, they can still hinder him.

Hildr… She is a stroke of luck. Aurelia hasn't noticed it, but I did after hanging around the red-haired woman for a while.

She is blessed with ungodly talent in Magicka.

Lacking in reserves she may be, but Hildr picks up Spells ten times faster than anyone else. I heard Faralda has instructed some of the current students at the College on a certain Spell foryearsnow.

And I watched as Hildr broke the Spell down into her notebook as Faralda gave more tips to those students.

To not speak about how easily she manipulates her Magicka.

Finding someone like her is like finding a needle in a haystack, and funnily enough, I originally entertained the thought that maybe, ignoring how the game works, Hildr might be the one to become Archmage of the College in this world.

After all, the Dragonborn can't really become everything here. The duties would just pile up, plus they'd need to be masters in basically everything they do.

Hence why I am glad we met and befriended Hildr, even if it was by chance, and it was mainly done through a request from Hircine himself.

I need allies. Powerful allies. Powerful enough to stand against the strongest of the Dragons. Against their army and their Dragon Priests.

But they don't grow on trees. I cannot have the same luck I had when I found Hildr. And I refuse to find disposable people, treating them like tools to further my own survival or that of Aurelia and Hildr.

So, when I heard that story, I latched onto it.

The story of the Guardian, the man who by his lonesome helped Winterhold form. From a small settlement, to a massive city.

A man who is said to be capable of reshaping the land with his horrifying strength. A man feared by Dragons and their servants both.

Of course, stories are usually very overblown. The feats inside them can be scaled to however much the fanboy sharing the story wants them to.

But there is always a modicum of truth in these stories.

For one, the Guardian does exist. That much I can confirm now.

The rest, like questions about his allegiance and the likes? Those I cannot confirm.

I stare into the brilliant red eyes staring back at me silently, no words spoken after my greeting as the massive man simply lays there.

Knelt on the floor, and bound in glowing golden chains stabbed into the air.

The majority of the Magicka that disrupts my Mind's Eye is coming from those very chains, telling me that whoever made them holds a horrifying level of power.

But I doubt that the Magicka coming from the chains is what causing the people that approach the area to shrink back in fear or have heart-attacks.

And I doubt it's the man before me too.

Deinmaar. It means Guardian, if translated from the Dragon Language.

Is he a Dragon Priest? He wears a Mask beneath his dragon-skull shaped helmet, after all. And one of the marks on the map gained from Bleak Falls Barrow did have a mark here.

My faint hopes do crumble a bit at the sight, but this does not confirm his allegiance.

After all, why would he bechainedhere, instead of simply buried like all the other Dragon Priests?

This feels more like a punishment.

Plus… He is alive. He is flesh and blood, with a working heart and body. This makes no sense.

How is he alive? How has he survived with no sustenance since the Merethic Era? Is it the power of his Mask, or something else?

So many questions, and no answers.

"Not much of a talker, are we?" I muse while tilting my head, a low sigh escaping me, "I'm not Krosis, in case you knew the guy." I tap my Mask, visible beneath my hood, "I killed him some time back and stole it for my own."

No reaction, but his eyes do follow me with each movement. Never blinking or faltering.

My shoulders slump slightly, and I let my gaze rove around, "Why are you trapped here?"No answer.

"Who did this to you?"Nothing.

"What is this place?"More nothing.

I sigh again, then stand up, but his head doesn't move to keep staring at me, it remains bowed low, like it was when I entered the place.

The circular room he is trapped in… Other than the artwork on the floor – which is covered in dust and cannot read – there is nothing else here.

Other than the set of stairs going down behind Deinmaar, of course.

I step around his form to go towards them, and finally there is a reaction from him.

His relaxed hands clench into fists.

I ignore the reaction and take a step past him. His arms start shaking.

A few more steps forward, and the golden chains start creaking loudly.

I come to a halt with a loud sigh, "You don't want me to go down those stairs." It is not a question.

I turn my head, the rattling and shaking of the glowing golden chains echoing loudly in the empty room.

That's… not anger. No, it's that and something else.

Shame.

What did you do, Deinmaar?

I sigh again, and throw a look down towards the stairs, the darkness coming from them seemingly calling towards me, my curiosity piqued.

"If you don't want me to go down those stairs…" I start, and turn back towards Deinmaar, "Then just open your hands."

The rattling of the chains stop, as if he is surprised by my request, so silence once more filled the hall.

Then, in the silence, I watch as both of his hands slowly relax and open.

If I could smile, I would right now. But I just let out a chuckle and start moving back towards Deinmaar, "Very well."

I stop in front of him and drop down on my ass, his eyes now slightly wide in faint surprise and confusion as they stare at me, "I'm curious, but I won't push it." I shrug, then turn my gaze back to his chain, "That did answer one of my questions though."

"You can break these chains whenever you want, can't you?"

Of course, I do not really receive a response, but I do not need to. I lean back with a hum, crossing my arms before my chest as I mull over what to do, "You must've been lonely."

I don't dare imagine what it must've felt like for him. Thousands of years just chained up here, with probably no visitors.

"We are two-hundred years into the Fourth Era." I start, then lean forward once more while cupping my hands together and gathering my Magicka.Time for a test,"And Alduin is back to finish the job."

Deinmaar's eyes widen slightly, before being tightly shut as a deep sigh comes from him.

Is that remorse? Sadness? I can't read him well through only his eyes.

Had he tried to break the chains after hearing that, I'd have poured all of my Magicka into a Draconian Howl to obliterate him on the spot.

But this… This shows that his allegiance isn't fully with the Dragons. I'll keep my guard up still, but I shall also hold some hopes.

Hopes that this man is everything the people of Winterhold believe he is, and not a mere servant of the Dragons.

"Winterhold still stands, too." His head perks up at that, "They call you 'The Guardian'. I'm sure you are the guy that helped the city form and stand on its own two feet." He stares at me for a bit, before bowing his head.

Again, if I could smile, I would.He is thanking me for the information.

"Man, you missed a lot of things since the Merethic Era." I chuckle to myself, "For one, the Dwemer deleted themselves from existence." His head shoots up at that, eyes wide, "No, I ain't joking. They really did."

The sheer confusion in his eyes is amusing. He isn't talking, but I doubt it is because he is mute.

Oh well, I'll get him to talk with time.

"Let's see, what else… Ah, two people ascended to Godhood. One is an Imperial man now known as Talos, and another is a dude that… had sex Molag Bal and had some kind of spiritual awakening or something. Weird shit."

"Mehrunes Dagon tried to invade Nirn during the previous Era but got his shit kicked in by Akatosh."

I just sat there for what must've been an hour or so, just sharing events that I could remember off the top of my head to Deinmaar, catching him up with everything and… Well, amusing myself with the weird and shocked and sheer confused looks he kept throwing my way with each event I kept sharing.

"And, most recent of all, Alduin came back, Krosis woke up and got killed by me and a friend after he tried to destroy a city, and well… Now we're here." I slump with my shoulders, then tilt my head towards Deinmaar, "Now, do I gotta tickle you to make you talk, or what?"

His right hand clenches into a fist, and his eyes deadpan into a 'Try me, bitch.' look that I really wanna challenge.

In the end, I must relent, but I do wave my fist his way, "You're lucky that I gotta go now. I've spent too much time here, and a dear friend must be worried sick now." I sigh and stand, patting away the dust on my robes.

"I'll come back to visit." I tell him, because honestly… I do not wish to leave him alone any longer than he already has. "Every night."

At least I'll have something to do beside being alone with my own thoughts in a dark room.

Deinmaar's head lowers, not reacting to my promise as I turn around.

This simple act, after all, may be the one thing that stops him from joining the side of the Dragons once more.

I shake away those thoughts and walk down the hallway filled with Dragon Priest statues, all staring down at me as I walk past their broken and still forms.

I stop by the doors and turn my head to look back towards the chained giant, his head now lifted to stare towards me.

With a nod, I step outside and let out a heavy breath, my gaze flicking towards Marius's massive form, leaning against the wall to the right of the giant doors.

"Sorry for the wait." The Minotaur shakes his head and straightens himself as I let the werewolves hanging around go back.

"It was not a problem, Ser Leonidas. The area is clear, and only this temple stands within this crater." Marius reassures me, his head moving to take in the imposing building. "Have you gained the answers you were seeking?"

I hum softly, "No. Just more questions." This feeling of Deja-Vu, this nostalgia creeping up at me… It confuses me a lot, more than I already am.

Before I send Marius back, I throw the doors one last gaze, "Say, Marius… What do you make of the murals on the doors?"

The Minotaur's gaze moves to said murals, his eyes narrowing faintly, "Rituals the Dragons used to recruit servants. To recruit Dragon Priests."

I hum again, glad that he sees the same thing I do.

The doors are enormous, and the murals aren't that big. On both doors, there are at least hundreds of these murals depicting these scenes.

All these events that allowed one to become a Dragon Priest.

But if there are so many ways for a nobody to elevated to the rank of Dragon Priest…

Why the fuck are there only a dozen of them in Skyrim?


~~XXX~~​


Hildr is suddenly startled awake by loud, metallic bangs that echoed in the large room a kind Thalmor gifted her after she helped him discover how nice fire feels on his flesh.

Her lone eye widen in panic as she jumps up in her bed, ready to set whatever has disturbed her sleep on fire from the inside out-

"Wakey wakey!" Leonidas hollers while smashing two pans – she could already tell the fucker stole them from the goddamn kitchen – together, "Wake the fuck up, Samurai! We got a city to burn!"

Her panic dies down and is replaced by cold, rage and exasperation, "Leo…" She starts, dragging a hand along her face as she breathes in deeply, "What in the actual fuck?"

The robed skeleton huffs and puts his arms on his waists, "Watch your fuckin' language!" He chides her, earning himself a near murderous glare, "Giddy up, we're going for a run."

Hildr blinks, completely stumped as Leo throws the pans aside without care, "...What?"

"We are going on a run!" He repeats, voice jovial, "Time to put some meat and muscles on those bones!" What's wrong with her current body?

...Right, she's still too underweight, but she is slowly fixing that issue.

"May I ask why, at least?" She sighs out, giving up on going back to sleep as she throws her legs over the large comfy bed, uncaring that she is wearing nothing but a long shirt.

Damn Ancano literally had sheets enchanted to be warm and super comfy. Using those made Hildr have the best naps and sleep she could have imagined.

"...I've had some time to think since yesterday." Leonidas answers after a while, having flipped around the moment he took notice of her state of undress.

A part of her wanted to tease him, but she feared that he'd easily flip the situation around.

The guy had Aurelia salivating over him, after all. She wasn't blind to the looks the Dragonborn used to throw towards Leonidas whenever he wasn't paying attention.

And to be honest? Hildr highly doubted she'd be able to resist if Leonidas were to push advances her way.

Never before did she see someone get along so perfectly with her little sister. Never. Not even her Gradma was able to fully handle the small bundle of pure feral energy and violence.

Yet Leonidas did not struggle one bit. He matched her energy, and even overwhelmed Gretel, to the point that Gretellooked up at him.

Seeing her sister so happy to have someone that understands and matches her energy… It warmed Hildr's heart far easier than any flame could.

Hildr found it hilarious. How the most charming part of Leonidas is how genuine he is in everything he does. Especially the craziness he unleashes upon any poor victim he encounters.

So, despite known what is beneath those robes and that Mask… Hildr cannot fault herself for feeling a small bit –quite a bit– of affection for the foolish Undead.

"Things never end well when you think." Leonidas snorts, though Hildr frowns minutely as she stares at his back.

It has been a while since he caused chaos or did his usual 'tomfoolery'.

She didn't like this sudden quiet form him. Not because she didn't want to see what sort of chaos he was going to unleash, but because she feared for his mental health.

She had to inquire the College's teachers about any field trip for studies that are approaching. If it'll take too long, she just has to convince Leonidas and Aurelia to lead the way to Saarthal and go there post-haste.

"Harmless fun, I assure you." Hildr snorts this time at Leonidas's words. Yeah, 'harmless'. Only Sheogorath would believe that excuse.

"Yeah, nobody believes you." Throwing her hair over her shoulder, Hildr fixes her pants, then swaps her shirt for a much heavier one. Of course, she does not forget the gloves, for she does not wish to lose her fingers to the nasty cold outside. "So, what's this about?"

Turning around, she fixes her eyepatch before running a hand through her wild hair. She'll brush them later. Much later.

"Several things, really." Leonidas starts, flipping around –and Hildr squashes down the self-consciousness that hopes he likes what he sees– and sighing heavily while crossing his arms. "But first, your physique."

"I have plans for a Spell that can strengthen the body far better than Flesh Type Alteration Spells could, but it'll take a while to get it down." The robed Undead reveals, speaking about making Spells like it is second nature for him. And Hildr actively believed him.

After all, he is the man that turned a children's Spell into a Dragon Slaying weapon of unquestionable power.

"But it'll be a crutch, and it'll also actively enhance what is already there, and I am sure it'll also heavily strain the body."

"So I need to build muscles to better handle that strain." Hildr concludes, her lone eye narrowing slightly in realization, "Setting a foundation for this Spell of yours."

Leonidas nods and snaps his fingers towards her, "That, and I do not want you to be a glass cannon and have no stamina in case you need to run." That was a fair concern from him.

One that did warm her heart quite a bit. The fact that he worries about her and her safety is… nice.

"This is going to take a while…" Hildr sighs, but Leonidas chuckles.

"Oh no, it won't take long." A lone brow rises up at his words, "I'll abuse Healing Magic. Growing stronger means tearing your muscles apart, then letting them heal so that they grow stronger. But the body heals slowly… Magic heals near-instantly."

He gives her a big thumbs up, "You'll be a fit and proper beauty in a month or two. Trust me!"

Her lips rise out of sheer amusement, but she did believe the robed fool before her. "If I'm going through this hell, then I want you to coach me on magic."

"Foolish of you to think I wasn't planning on doing that too."

Hildr's smile falls, and her eye widens in horror. "I'm going to have a horrible time, aren't I?"

"Yes. Yes, you will." Hildr's stomach drops, then Leo drops another horrid bomb on her, "Hircine approves, by the way."

Her God has forsaken her to the madness too now…

"Now! Training montage time!"

"Fuck my life…"


~~XXX~~​


"Think of a big black man chasing you!"

Leonidas 'cheered' from the side, encouraging her to run faster, and to keep on running despite her lack of breath.

He, of course, lacking a body, was just hopping along, swinging his arms side to side while keeping up with her with laughable ease.

"I- fuckin'- hate- you-…" Hildr curses out in-between each gasped breath, her legs feeling like they were made of lead, and her chest feeling both cold and hot at the same time.

The people of Winterhold threw confused glances their way as Hildr ran past them, but she felt too tired and too heavy to even care about any stares or words directed their way.

"Bah, you look like you're out of breath! Just breathe, dummy!" Oh, she's going to give this fucker a body back then shove a fireball down his throat.

"Let me tell you about the time Keith tried to deep-fry a turkey." The robed, damnable Undead speaks up as he runs along a bit behind her, "Third-degree burns over ninety-percent of his body-"

An inhuman screech erupts from behind her, and Hildr's lone eyes widens when she sees Leonidas fly above her head and launch himself towards a Khajiit wearing the robes of the college.

He did mention wanting to find and murder a Khajiit in the College for 'Explosive Anti-Undead Spells' some time ago…

Hildr considers stopping the assault as she hears the vile curses and insults and sees Leonidas use the poor Khajiit as a weapon, swinging him around while hollering…

But instead she shrugs and keeps on running.

The Khajiit's sacrifice to keep Leonidas away from her for a while won't be forgotten.


~~XXX~~​


"I'm not even that good…" Leonidas whines in a very annoying, child-like voice to mock her while she sits on the ground, head lowered. "The desire to create a frozen hammer and break it on your skull is strong, woman."

Hildrdoes not poutat Leo. She just glares murderously at him.

"You stupid sandwitch." The robed Undead sniffs, and Hildr pauses at the weird insult that made no sense, "Gods, I am so mad right now!" He huffs and stomps the ground, then freezes, "I'm gonna tickle the fuck outta you."

"Don't you fucking dare!" Hildr screeches, crawling back with pure horror on her face, flames bursting out from her hands and feat as she nearly calls her Spirit out to defend her.

Leonidas menacingly points a trembling finger towards her, looking very expressive despite wearing a mask, "I will go and grab Gretel, bring her back here, load her with coffee and sugar, then lock you in a room with her."

"Youmonster…"

Finally, Leonidas relents and leans back, sighing deeply while crossing his arms, "Do you know how many Chants our fellow students can do at most?"

Hildr gulps at his question, "No…?" She did not fully pay attention to the lesson about Chants, just that they were powerful and useful. And the book about it she found in Ancano's room –his own research notes– held mostly the best Chants to use for which element.

"Two. Or three, at most." Leonidas reveals, voice flat, and Hildr's eyes widen, "You got to six on your first try, Hildr."

His robed form approaches and squats down in front of her before her shocked gaze, "I don't think you realize how bullshit your Magicka control is."

The training room they were in falls silent after that, and her heavy gulp nearly echoes in the air as she straightens herself. "I-I thought it was normal…?"

Leonidas sighs deeply and shakes his head, "I forgot you haven't really been outside Falkreath until recently…" He drawls out before straightening himself, "Still… This is probably your greatest weapon. One you must hold dear."

"I haven't done many tests with them just yet…" Hildr reveals lightly, earning a nod from Leonidas.

"We'll have to check and quantify the power increase after each Chant, but we can do that another time." He waves the idea to the side before standing tall and offering her his gloved hand, "Come on, let me teach you something."

She takes his hand with a smile and rises up, and Leonidas nods towards the other end of his room, "Let's make your own bullshit Magic Missile, how about it?" Hildr could hear the massive grin in his voice, and she couldn't help it… She grinned right back, the thought exciting her a great deal.

"Now, my Magic Missile is as bullshit as it is for two reasons. Speed, and Kinetic Force." Leonidas starts explaining as he lifts her arms up, aiming them towards the other end of the training room, "With you, we'll focus on pure firepower. No speed."

Hildr tilts her head curiously at that. She had questions about this 'Kinetic Force' thing, but she held them back, instead she asked something else, "Why no speed?"

Leonidas snaps his fingers towards her, "You can control your flames even when they are far away from you, can't you?" Hildr blinks at that, then nods.

"I fuel them with my Magicka, so yes." It was also the way she used to call out her Spirit. Her original idea was to create a fire near an opponent, then have her Spirit come out from said fire to catch them off-guard.

"So why focus on speed when you can unleash the Spell directly on your target?" Leonidas points out, and Hildr grins a nearly savage grin.

With his instruction, she releases a massive wave of flames that fills the other side of the training room.

"What do I do now?" She questions, and Leonidas leans back nonchalantly.

"Now? Now you condense all those flames into a sphere, and keep compressing that sphere more and more." Hildr blinks at his instruction, then narrows her lone eye as she sticks with it.

The crackling flames followed her command with ease, all of them sliding across the floor and towards the center of their miniature conflagration.

There, a small wisp of flames rose up and started gathering itself into a head-sized sphere.

The more flames she poured into the sphere, the smaller she squeezed it, sweat starting to form on her brows once the sphere of flames became smaller than her fist.

Yet, she noticed it. The air trembling and warping around it, the heat of it growing stronger and stronger the more she compressed it.

"Have it suck in oxygen." Leonidas adds another instruction suddenly, and Hildr follows suit without a second of hesitation.

The roar that follows suit surprises her as she watches a storm of air rush towards the now brightly glowing white-gold sphere, which she kept squeezing and squeezing more and more until- "This is as much as I can, Leo!"

Her voice is strained as she glares towards the sphere, now the size of a baby's fist, the heat radiating from it now downright horrifying as more and more oxygen rushed into it.

The glow had also become near blinding, leaving spots in her eye, and even closing it did not help her much.

Lifting a hand, Leonidas conjures an enormous Ward between them and the trembling and whistling sphere, the sound being akin to a quiet but very sharp, hurtful to listen whistle.

"Cut your connection to the flames. Just release everything." Hildr was confused by that instruction.

When she does that, her flames just disperse and die out instantly, like they were never there.

The same will happen now…right?

With a gulp, she follows Leo's instruction, and she is nearly blinded by the ensuing flash, the whole room shaking from the catastrophic explosion that cracked the enormous Ward conjured by Leo.

So powerful was the blast that Hildr felt her organs and bones rattle, her form stumbling back from the shock-wave and nearly falling on her ass while her ears ring loudly and painfully.

But she powered through and ignored all of that as her mouth hangs open in shock, completely in disbelief at what had just transpired.

Of all the things she expected to see happen, an explosion of horrifying strength was not among them.

"What the fuck was that…?" She questions towards Leo, her mouth completely dry as she looks at the scorched black area where the sphere of flames used to be.

"A Thermobaric Spell. Kinda." Leonidas muses with a shrug, "Heat and Pressure being released all at once."

"When your flames are dispersed, they don't hold much power. But gather them all together, and squeeze them down into a tiny sphere. All of that heat is now compressed, too many flames into a too little space, and with them having become a vacuum that sucks in oxygen no less."

"The moment you released that pressure keeping the sphere in place, all of the immense heat dispersed forth. It created a blast wave that reached supersonic speeds, which is followed soon after by a blast of wind that sucks everything back in due to the air rushing in to fill the vacuum created."

Leonidas makes a clicking sound, the air around him being quite smug and satisfied, "Pressure is one hell of a thing, ain't it?"

Hildr gulps again and wets her dry lips as she takes in the difficult to understand information like a sponge, utterly drunk on how interesting and fascinating it all is.

"...That barely took any Magicka at all…" She reveals in stunned disbelief.

Then, of course, Leo points out the obvious, "Now imagine that, but boosted with Chants."

Hildr shudders at the thought, "So… This is my version of your Magic Missile?"

"Yup!" Leonidas nods and pats her on the back, "Congrats, now you can kill Dragons even without your Spirit." Now wasn't that one hell of a rush…

"Though, I am a bit disappointed that I cannot explain things well to you, else I'd be able to help you do even more powerful things." Her friend muses, disappointment clear in his while Hildr's brain short-circuits at the mere idea of him having more powerful Spell ideas than the one they currently did.

"Things like using Hydrogen, or Fusion, or Fission… Should've paid more attention in school." The man whines, childishly kicking the ground as he moves away while sulking deeply.

Ignoring him for now, Hildr looks down at her gathered palms and starts conjuring more flames, then condensing and squeezing them into a tiny ball.

Unlike before, she wasn't planning on releasing it all and making it explode, instead she had another brazen idea in mind.

The air rushed in, the heat of the compressed sphere sky-rocketed, and then Hildr released the lid on the immense pressure squeezing down on the sphere.

But not from all sides, but from a small tiny point aimed straight at the wall at the other end of the room.

Escape route gained, heat, force and pure power rushed forth at what Leonidas mentioned was 'supersonic' speed, a blinding beam of light cutting through the air with an ear-piercing screech that left her head aching.

The explosive force pushed Hildr back, her arms still outstretched as the concentrated blinding beam of energy swept from left to high in an instant due to her lack of control, mainly from the sheer amount of force it released all of a sudden, leaving her unable to aim it properly.

It lasted for just two or three seconds, but this time Hildr was able to see the Wards inside the training room shoot up to maximum strength to contain the power of her Spells, the Runes on the walls glowing brilliantly as the beam of heat carved against them uselessly.

When the Spell ended, Hildr slumped, eye wide, once more utterly stumped at how little Magicka that took.

Such a small, unthinkable change… could truly bring forth such horrifying power?

Slowly, Hildr turns her lone eye to stare at Leonidas, who is quietly staring back at her.

Then, he speaks, "I'm not even that good…" He childishly mocks her again before scoffing, utterly exasperated as her cheeks flush heavily, "Now, imagine having the assistance of your Spirit when you unleash these two new Spells in your arsenal. With Chants."

Gulping heavily, Hildr straightens herself, a feeling of… fulfillment enveloping her whole.

She knew that she still had a long way to go, but she finally did not feel like a complete burden. She had ways to fight, and not entirely rely on her Spirit.

Still, this was a start in a good direction. "Shall we move onto Restoration Magic?" Hildr questions with an excited grin, eager for more.

With a nod, her Undead friend moves closer, "Yeah, let's switch to your Ward. What problems are you having with it?"

"Well, for one, it basically blocks nothing. I think it's too thin?"

And so, Hildr spent a few more hours being coached by Leonidas with her training –she also nearly had a heart-attack when the Undead idiot used that insane book of his to find a solution to a problem she was having– and found herself having a broader mind at the end of it all.

A different perspective truly helped her –even if it came from an insane Undead that started throwing hands with her Spirit half-way through her training– and she found many of her questions and problems solved within a few hours, leaving her with much less work to focus on.

So when they exited the training room, she was both tired, but also very refreshed.

Maybe this 'Training Montage' of Leonidas wasn't as bad as she thought-

"-told you five times already that the Magic Circle has no problems! I quadruple checked it!"

"Then why is it not working properly?!"

"I don't know! I'm the one in charge of making sure the Magic Circle is set properly, and it is! The activation is not up to me!"

An argument from an open training room draws Hildr's attention, a trio of Mages arguing over a large and inactive Magic Circle scribbled on the ground.

By the looks of it, a sort of Fire Rune meant for traps. Hildr had to wonder if the Mages even knew that it was a trap Fire Rune, not a Flame Atronach Conjuring Circle.

The two were similar, but the giant Fire Rune in the middle was slightly different. It was easy to mistake one for the other.

So, Hildr wanted to point out that the Magic Circle is working properly, and that they just set a highly explosive trap on the ground. One wrong step, and it explodes in their face.

Her mouth opens- "I know what's wrong with it!" Leonidas cuts in, striding into the room confidently as she blinks and keeps walking out of pure surprise.

"Ain't got no gas in it-!"

BOOM!

High-pitched screams filled the air as waves of scorching flames overflowed out of the open training room door, followed soon after by Leonidas running out, looking completely unarmed.

Yet, Hildr paused as she watched him run, his legs bent and spread wide apart, arms spread beside him and bent upward, opening and closing like they were crab claws.

"Woop-woop-woop-woop-woop-"Were the noises coming out of her idiotic friend as her rushed past her, getting away from the disaster he had caused as screams filled the air.

Hildr stumbles as laughter bubbles out of her at the utterly idiotic sight, relief filling her at seeing Leonidas act 'normally' once more.

At the expense of others, of course.


….​


Hildr stares at the package in her hands with a blank stare.

The letters from Gretel and Aurelia had come at the same time, together with a small head-sized package.

She opened it after giving Leonidas the letters, and now they were both staring at the contents inside.

A mask lay in there. A Dragon Priest Mask.

Leonidas brings up the letter written by Aurelia, the words 'Oh, I also beat up Rahgot! It wasn't that hard!' were written at the end of the letter with pure, smug energy that overflowed out.

Also, they were written in very, very small letters. Minuscule, even. Clearly, despite being written with a smug air, the idiot Dragonborn was fearful of their reaction.

A redhead and an Undead look back at the package, then share a look.

"I'll hold her down and you tickle her?" She offers, but alas, Leonidas has a far darker, more twisted mind.

And when he speaks, only the worst kind of torture imaginable overflow out.

"I'll grab Gretel, overload her on caffeine and sugar, unleash her on a tied up Aurelia to tickle her, and then I'll dunk her bare feet in sugar water and let a goat lick them."

Far away from them, and atop the highest peak in Skyrim, a certain silver-haired woman feels a shudder go down her spine, thoughts about leaving Skyrim entering her mind for some unknown reason.

Meanwhile, in the middle of Whiterun, a red haired child lifts her gaze towards the sky and breathes in, a manic grin on her face.

"My time has come…"


A.N. Small interlude chapter after the events of the previous one.

This is mostly because I needed to put some time between the events so to set up the next Arc.

What to expect from it? Lore on Deinmaar, Alduin finally showing up, lots of Falmer, lots of lore on the College plus more focus on it, and more focus on Hildr too.

The Arc after the next will have the group reunite for Saarthal, which I am still thinking about how to make it unfold.

The next arc will be very long, probably double the length of the current available chapters? So yeah, am looking forward to writing that!

Hope y'all have enjoyed the story so far! I plan on making even better in the next Arc!

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, donstar260, Levky and 1,418 others
Musashi-Chan
Jan 26, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 32 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Feb 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,667
Back on Earth, I would rarely feel the passage of time. I was always so distracted reading, gaming, or doing other things that by the time I came back into focus, the Sun had already set, and it was time for bed lest I fuck over my sleep schedule once more.

But now… Now that I am unable to sleep, and I am so thoroughly mentally exhausted, I feel each second go by with the speed of a snail.

It is… Vexatious. Tiring. Annoying. But I fight that exhaustion and annoyance with further distractions.

Luckily, the College boasts an immense library with what must be tens of thousands of books, and Urag Gro-Shub lets me hang around all night long as long as I treat the books properly.

And just like that, two months flew by. Very slowly, of course, but they did.

After Aurelia killed Rahgot, the Dragons kind-of retreated back. There were three attacks after that, with one being against Riften once more, but it was mostly a scare.

The Dragon flew by, set a patch of ground outside the city on fire, then flew away. It probably was afraid that Aurelia would come by and kill his ass.

Another one was actually against Windhelm, and came from the sea. A Dragon wielding Water Magic surfaced, destroyed two large merchant ships and killed the dozens of folks on board, then left.

The last one ended up with the Dragon getting killed. It attacked Markarth, and it ended up fucking around and finding out.

That place has a lot of Dwemer stuff hanging around… So the folks there pulled out some giant Dwemer ballistae, and put five arrows bigger than I am into the Dragon that attacked the place.

After seeing how effective those weapons are against the Dragons, I've seen them be commissioned and be stationed upon the walls and around the biggest buildings of each City.

Winterhold has been massively fortified in these past two months, and the letter I recently received from Farengar revealed that the same has happened to Whiterun.

Balgruuf did not hold back one bit in using every last bit of money he could to fortify his City and make it as Anti-Dragon as possible. Farengar did express regret in the fact that the civilians are being heavily taxed for this, and he expressed even more regret when no one complained.

A lot of young men and women had joined the army, with the Companions helping around with the training to prepare as many people as possible for what is to come, giving them greater chances to survive.

This is basically the calm before the storm. An attack is coming, and I can't say when. It irks me that all I can do is just wait and prepare.

Alduin needs as much death as possible to gain strength, so he clearly wishes to cause as much destruction as he can with this attack.

And I know that one thing is for certain, unfortunately.

One or more Holds are going to be razed to the ground in this attack. Because neither me or Aurelia can be everywhere to help.

Speaking of that wonderful woman; Her training apparently is growing harder.

In the past two months, she killed around forty Dragons on top of the Throat of the World, with their remains being sent to Whiterun by the titanic Dragon we fought outside Falkreath.

The letter I got from Faregar questioning me on why the fuck a giant Dragon just keeps on dropping Dragon remains at their doorstep made me cackle for a good few minutes.

Still, this is also helping them a lot. The Dragon scales are being used to make arrows that punch through even the hardest metal, and the bones are being used for weapons, armor, and the giant arrow ammunition for the ballistae.

With such equipment, Whiterun basically has the strongest army in Skyrim. I just wish all that gear could be properly Enchanted.

Hence, Aurelia is basically tiring herself out, challenging as many Dragons as she could so to make sure Whiterun has a great deal of materials. I just wish she could take better care of herself.

As for Hildr, she too experienced a great deal of growth in these past two months. So much so that I know for a fact the current Hildr can demolish Krosis with laughable ease, even if he were to use his Mask.

Honestly, that woman is terrifying. She is absurdly talented, learning and modifying Spells with laughable ease as long as she understands the 'how', and breaking the process into steps she can easily follow.

Her only problem are her small Magicka reserves, but she gets around that by modifying Novice Class Spells into overpowered bullshit like I did with my Magic Missile.

Honestly, I feel like this is my fault. She saw that it worked well with me, so she is copying my ways of using as little Magicka as possible to bring out the greatest potential of a Spell, and is excelling at it even better than me.

The simple Flame Novice Spell that releases a gentle stream of flames? Turned into a gargantuan beam of immense heat.

The Flame Dart Spell? Turned into a piercing projectile that while not as bullshit fast as my Draconian Howl, it is still close to breaching the Sound Barrier.

The Fireball Spell? It now is a big 'Fuck you and your surroundings' Spell. She either turns it into a beam of heat that cuts through anything, or into an explosion that puts even my Thermonuclear Werewolves to shame.

Spells of Expert and Master Class are still a bit beyond her. She tried using an Expert Class Spell once, but it basically drained her reserves in one go, so they are out of her reach for now.

It is a good thing that she gained Faralda's attention, because the woman is lavishing Hildr with all the teachings and information she may want or need.

Expert and Master Class Spells, for example, can only be studied if the Master of said School of Magic allows so. Hildr gained access to them after just a month, outclassing all of the other students.

I myself have access to the Master Class Frost Spells, but I haven't bothered learning them after giving them a cursory glance. I've been focused on… Other stuff.

A sound akin to glass shattering is soon followed by a scream of pain, then a curse as I sigh and snap my book close. "Rodnis, walk into Anodyne and take a short break." I call out sharply, causing the student to sulk and nod.

This was his fourth failure in the past hour, and it obviously irks at him. "Got any questions?" I tilt my head as he walks into the perpetually existing Anodyne Spell, the green sphere swiftly healing the tears across his arms and body in seconds.

The student, a young Nord from Windhelm that recently joined the College, sulks lightly before speaking up, "I do not know where I am going wrong. I have mastered Oak Flesh, yet… I fail to even properly activate Reinforcement."

I hum and let my gaze wander around the other dozens of students. Even the Hagraven cunt is among them, and is also thoroughly failing to activate the Spell I recently created.

Some are having a modicum of success, not knowing that I am merely treating them as guinea pigs before I send the Spell over to Faregar so to hopefully teach it to the army protecting Whiterun.

"Why do you think I requested you all master Oak Flesh first?" I question the student right back, making him furrow his blonde brows in confusion.

Luckily, he has a good head on his shoulders, and he mulls over the question for a few good seconds before answering, "...I do not know, sir."

I chuckle softly at that. At least he is honest. "The Spell I am teaching you all makes your body stronger. Tougher, faster, stronger- The Flesh Spells offer the same, but are easy to break."

Uncrossing my legs, I stand with a low sigh, "The reason I asked you all learn the Oak Flesh Spell first is so that you feel the effects it has on your body. Feel how it makes you stronger, faster and tougher… The take that, and replicate it without the Spell."

"That is the way to learn Reinforcement." The young Nord nods in understanding, "Now, do you know where you messed up?"

He sulks back down, "I overloaded the shield created by the Oak Flesh Spell around my body." He palms his face at that, so I pat his shoulder in comfort.

"Be more careful. I cannot heal you from instant death, after all." There have been some nasty accidents, like hands blowing up or fingers going 'pop', but nothing that a Master of Restoration Magic can't fix with a wave of her hand.

That woman is now getting so much respect thanks to all the work I am making for her, hilariously enough.

Still, teaching these folks really puts into perspective how utterly bullshit talented Hildr is. These guys have shit control over their Magicka and harm themselves once or more times a day.

Hildr mastered Reinforcement in five seconds.

I am just using these students as a test to see if Hildr is just an outlier or if I can hope to teach this Spell to even folks that do focus on Magic.

I should really ask her to help me make a 'For babies' guide on how to learn this Spell, because Farengar is gonna need that to help the army learn it…

Of course, that is when the Hagraven bitch nearly blows up her end, and I do not bother hiding my snort. Of course, she glares bloody murder my way as she steps into Anodyne to heal herself, but I don't really care.

Reinforcement has come along nicely. A flow of Magicka through the body, mainly through the muscles and flesh and skin, that massively strengthens the body.

Tolfdir, the Master of Alteration of the College, told me that it was comparable to Iron Flesh in terms of strengthening, just minus the cost.

It takes a bit of concentration to keep active, but once one gets used to it, they can keep it active all day long without noticing it.

The strain is minimal, and the boost is massive, and it does not run the risk of draining one's Magicka completely since the cost is somehow even smaller than the Novice Class Flame Spell.

It is through creating this Spell that I was basically offered the chance to become a 'Professor' of the College, taking the title of Master Frost Mage from Faralda's suggestion.

It is quite the good position, and through it I've been subtly pushing towards the expedition to Saartharl with each meeting between teachers that goes by.

The excavation of the ruins has been going well, and some students have already been sent to clear the area of some Skeever and a few Draugr stragglers, but they are still at the outskirts of the immense city.

Savos Aren recently stationed himself there, mostly to set up a large barrier around the place meant to help keep Frost Trolls away since the excavation team got attacked five times in a week by those fucks.

Still, it was surprisingly easy to become a Professor at the College. I think the teachers suspect me of being some traveling Archmage from outside of Skyrim, as some have subtly questioned me about my past, and me being mysterious about everything just for fun makes them even more interested.

Apparently, creating a Spell out of nothing is some big feat. Especially such a powerful Alteration Spell, so I was granted the pleasure of becoming a Professor.

Faralda mainly suggested taking the Frost Magic Master title because Tolfdir is the current Alteration Master, and everyone loves the elder Mage in the College.

And honestly? I've only taken the position because it gives me some power in deciding some things, and pushing others. Otherwise I wouldn't have bothered.

I still find it amusing that they gave me such a position for Reinforcement of all things.

What would their reaction be to it's two Upgraded forms?


[Reinforcement]

Magicka is a power known to grant life. When woven the right way, it can heal the most fatal wounds with laughable ease.

And when weaponized, it can empower the body, making it tougher than majority of weaponry.

Modification: Boost Up! (3), Cost Down! (2)

(5/5)​


This also taught me that I can lower the Magicka cost of a Spell through using an upgrade slot. Of course, I am only limited to doing it two times, but still… That is still lowering the cost of a Spell by half. Twice.

Another thing I also learned is that the upgrades I do to a Spell… They also appear for other people.

When I created Reinforcement, I shared it to Hildr right after. Then I upgraded it.

She learned the Spell, then when I Evolved it, she noticed that the Spell was a lot stronger than usual for some reason.

The Evolution only mattered to me, but Hildr now has the fully boosted and modified Reinforcement available. It surprised me a lot, honestly.

I learn more things about my System as time goes by.

Still, it is a good thing that the Evolution mattered only for me, because Hildr cannot handle the Evolutions that came after.


[Fortification]

From reinforcing, to fortifying. From a simple flow of Magicka, to a raging river.

A normal human cannot handle the immense strain created by this Spell that pushes their bodies to their very limit.

One's strength and defense are enormously enhanced, to levels only monsters may hope to match.

Modifications; Cost Down! (2) Boost up! (4) Defense Up! (4)

(10/10)​


My previous Race Modifications made me less of a glass cannon, and this Spell makes me much harder to kill in one hit. A blessing.

And then, finally… The monster that is the third Evolution of Reinforcement.


[Juggernaut]

Unstoppable. Indomitable. Invincible.

A surge of immense Magicka of the wielder's attribute, cloaking them in dense armor of overwhelming strength, pushing their physical might to horrifying levels.

(Requires 0/1 Dragon Soul to Evolve further.)​


Yep.

It's bullshit.

I already tested the insane boost it gives me, and I am frankly sure that I can tear a Dragon apart with my bare hands now. Well, the weaker ones… But still.

I cannot even imagine what horrifying level it will reach once I give it a Dragon Soul and Evolve it further.

Coming to the College was truly the right choice. It gave me access to a way for me to farm Souls without guilt, by simply sending me the way of bandit camps or areas with monsters like Frost Trolls or Ice Wraiths.

Like so, and with just some patience, I was able to swiftly gather enough Souls for me to Advance my Class once more.

And since my System kinda answer to my needs… I kinda manipulated the roll in my favor.


[Storm-Bringer]

A flick of the wrist, a clap of thunder. A target given, lightning strikes mercilessly.

The storm answers your call, leaving all its horrifying power at the tip of your fingers.

[0/1000 needed for the next Advancement]


[Destruction Path – Harbinger of Storms]

The indisputable strongest Element in existence, capable of disrupting and nullifying Magicka as a whole.

Those who wield this power are rare. Those who can properly use it are even rarer.​


The new requirement for the next Advancement is utter bullshit… But something tells me that this is the last. Not definitive last, but the last Advancement that needs normal Souls.

I believe that soon, I'll need Dragon Souls to Advance further. Like how my Spells do after a while.

But I am not bothered. The enormous increase in strength this Advancement granted me is utter bullshit. I can't even tell by how much my Magicka reserves have grown even after countless days of testing.

Still, this Advancement unlocked two new Spell Slots for me to use and abuse, and one has been taken by the former Reinforcement and now Juggernaut.

The other one… Well, it started as a simple lightning strike, and then an 'oopsie daisy' happened, and I was left with-


[Vasavi Shakti]

A gargantuan spear of lightning, bearing all of its heat, speed and power.

It mercilessly strikes down upon the earth and its target, remaining lodged there and striking any and all trespassers with mighty lighting until its energies are spent.

(Requires 0/1 Dragon Soul to Evolve further.)​


-this.

...I really shouldn't have been thinking about the Nasuverse Series while I was Evolving this bitch, but… Yeah.

I had my thoughts wander towards Fate/Apocrypha and how epic the entire thing was, and then boom, I got another Spell as bullshit as Draconian Howl in my hands.

Why do I always do this shit?!

Still… I can't wait to drop this bitch on a Dragon. I've been irking for one of them to come around and try me, but aside from some sightings, none have come to become Dragon Souls for my needs.

None have even tried to approach the temple with Deinmaar in it either, strangely enough.

Speaking off the chained-up man, I should really find another book since I finished the last one I was reading for him.

The guy still hasn't spoken one word, even when I tried to tickle him once because come on, I'm a little shit. But I don't mind that, honestly.

As long as he doesn't go psycho, I'm fine with just keeping him company every night or every other night, when I am not burying myself in the College library.

My hum and thoughts are interrupted when something shakes my body, with me having returned to my comfy chair that I dragged outside from Ancano's room.

Not the first one we stole from him, but the seventh one. Me and Hildr kept bullying the bitch until he spent all his money and now he sleeps in a shitty room in a shitty inn in Winterhold.

Where, of course, he is also served shitty food. All on purpose.

I turn my head to gaze at what moved me, and I pause when I notice that it is my second favorite redhead herself. Gretel is the first, of course.

I heard from Farengar's most recent letter that Gretel shanked a Stormcloak messenger five times then stomped on his nuts. Of course, these are all accusations from said messenger.

There were no witnesses, after all. Even at the market, before the Merchant Guild, during rush hour.

How strange.

"Ah, look who has come to grace me with her beauty!" I drawl out as I lean back, letting Hildr claim the right armrest of the comfy chair as she scoffs and blows out a strand of her hair out of her face.

These two months have been a blessing on her, because goddamn do I find it hard to keep my eyes away from her recently.

She's gotten taller, and a lot more full now that she dealt with her malnourishment issues. Her hair look more vibrant, her lone eye resembling a pool of liquid emerald, and her lips always holding that delightful smirk of hers that I find very sexy.

Redheads are dangerous, I tell ya.

She is curvier than Aurelia, that is for sure, and even a bit taller, and her tight-fitting clothing just make it all stand out, while Aurelia preferred hiding everything beneath her armor.

Tall heeled brown boots, form-fitting black leather pants, a brown belt, and a fluffy long-sleeved white button up shirt Enchanted to keep one warm in this cold, with several buttons undone to keep her cleavage visible.

Which… Noice.

Hildr's smirk grows – because she somehow knows when I am appreciating her figure – as she crosses her long legs, "What? Missed me?"

I shrug, "Didn't see you at all since yesterday, mostly because we must've missed each other." I had gone off to visit Deinmaar during the night, and Hildr woke up before I came back and left to do her own things.

Probably went to find an Horker to kill and sacrifice for Hircine, now that she is hunting for him again.

Hildr scrunches up her nose in annoyance at my words, "Yeah, it took a while to find that damn Ice Wraith that was reported on the road to Dawnstar." Yeah, those fucking things know how to hide. I know the pain.

With a scoff, the redhead throws her long wavy hair over her shoulder and leans close, dropping her elbow on my shoulder as she turns to gaze at my students. Some of the guys turn their heads away as soon as she looks over, which is hilarious, but understandable.

Hildr has basically started to turn heads wherever she goes, especially since now she has gained a lot more confidence, so she shows off what she knows she has.

"Anyone got Reinforcement down yet?" She questions, and I keep my gaze focused on my students despite boobies being visible just by glancing to the right.

Damn woman, doing this on purpose. I'ma tell Aurelia, and cause a fucking fuss to happen! Hmph!

"Nope, but they are getting better." Which is true. A lot less injuries are happening, after all. "Ancano did blow up his arm and left."

Hildr gasps and turns to me, "I missed that!?" I cackle at the pure fury on her face, "I was wondering what the fuck was up with all that blood there!"

Yeah, the dude didn't even bother cleaning up the mess he made. I wonder if Colette will even bother to help him regrow his arm back...

Shaking her head, Hildr sighs deeply in obvious regret, "Either way…" She starts and tilts her head towards me, "Wanna come into the city with me? A situation kinda rose up."

I lean my head back at that, "What's up?"

"You know how they have been digging into the side of the mountain for stuff?" Hildr asks, nodding her head towards the mountain that stands Winterhold between it and the ocean below. "Apparently, this morning they found a cave. Master Faralda sent some of the students in to check the area out when I came back, and I got curious."

A cave, huh? I doubt it is connected to Saarthal, but it might be worth checking out, as this place is known to have very good Magicka Stones laying around.

I still gotta find a good one for Farengar, after all.

"Yeah, why not." I shrug and grab the book I was reading to distract myself, "It's a date."

Hildr chokes on air and nearly falls on the ground from my surprise attack, which is super-effective.

"Like hell it is!"

Ah, good ol' bullying.


~~XXX~~​


A simple swing of a pickax brought down a massive wall of stone, revealing the dark tunnel beyond.

It led two ways, one forward and one twisted towards the right, with them being tall enough to allow a fully grown man to walk through as long as they watched their head.

The moment it was discovered, the miners called it in and ceased all work just to be safe, requesting the presence of the mages from the College just to be safe.

Frost Trolls were known for making cave tunnels their homes. Them and Ice Wraiths both… But also the Falmer.

The last of the three were like nightmares. Curses used to keep children in check, telling them to behave or a scary Falmer would drag them off in the night.

Because that happened far too often, no matter where in Skyrim. The Falmers were like roaches, too hard to kill or pin down.

A nest might be destroyed, but as long as one survived, it would just kidnap and rape more so to rebuild it. And they breed fast, the twisted cruelty within their bones coming to light as soon as they are children and find a chitin dagger placed in their hands.

Then it becomes their turn to pillage and kidnap and rape some more. A never-ending twisted cycle that the people of Skyrim must suffer through, despite their many tries to lead extermination missions against the stain upon their proud land.

Despite blind, they were still masters of Frost Magic and all kinds of weaponry, even bows. Their ears evolved enough to replace sight, enough so to allow them to dodge by hearing alone and hit their shots with ease.

The dark was their ally, and they knew that very well. Many Jarls tried to bright the fight to them. Many fell and lost many good men and women while doing so.

So when the dark tunnels appeared, the miners quarantined the area. The guards set up watch, and Faralda was the first to answer their call together with some of her students.

Soon, four Mages were sent to explore the tunnels. Two went to the right, and two down the other path.

Both were meant to simply go forward for a few minutes before turning back, just to check for any Falmer presence, obvious by their constant use of chitin-forged walls, statues or symbols placed around at random.

"Why the fuck did we volunteer for this again?" Among the four mages, the two that had been tasked with the right path were taking their sweet time, their legs taking seconds to take a step forward.

"Because it might help us gain more attention from Master Faralda." The older of the two, a tall Breton man, gruffly states, "You've seen how she has been focusing only on that new redhead chick, and we've barely gotten anything done these past months due to that."

As he talks, he lifts his arm up high, a large rumbling flame covering his whole hand, using it as a light to ward off the thick, eerie darkness ahead.

A scoff comes from behind, a much younger Breton teen being his partner for the task, "I fuckin' hate when teachers play favorites and forget about the others."

His older partner hums softly, eyes narrowed and focused on the dark path ahead, "I do too, but I can understand the why."

"You're defending her now?"

The older and taller Breton turns to glare back at his friend for a short second, "I am not." He bites out harshly and coldly, "I simply understand why. We take weeks if not months to learn something. Hildr instead? She takes seconds if not minutes or hours to do what we find taxing and hard. She is in a league of her own."

"And Master Faralda is the type of woman who yearns to have a student excel under her."

The young Breton grumbles softly beneath his breath, "She just got blessed with talent, is all… And that fucking bullshit Spirit." Both shudder at the thought of that flaming beast.

They had seen Hildr spar against Master Faralda countless times, and the sheer power that Fire Spirit wields nearly granted her a victory several times. And the gap between Master and Student was rapidly shrinking with each passing day.

"I'd still rather not put myself in so much danger just for Master Faralda's attention…" The older Breton man just sighs and shakes his head at the constant complain. Grumble and shuffle a lot too, for some reason.

"Let's just take a few more steps, then we can go back." He assures, and he takes the silence as answer enough.

That is, until his next step makes something clatter against the ground.

Looking down with narrowed eyes and using the light of his flame, the older Breton pauses when he sees… A pickax? "I thought the miners didn't come in here?" He questions aloud as he crouches down to pick the object up.

And it wasn't until it was up-close that he noticed that it wasn't made of metal and wood. But bone and chitin.

A chill goes down his spine at the realization, "Fuck, this is Falmer shit!" He drops it and stands, yet… Silence greets him. Turning around and raising his hand, he finds only darkness to greet him, his companion being nowhere to be seen. "Did that bastard fucking leave without me?!"

His nostrils flare, and he swears revenge as he turns to grab the pickax back as proof- Only to find himself face to face with someone else.

A pale face, squinted pale eyes, a sharp nose, chapped lips and wrinkles of malnutrition and age cover the face of the hunched over creature, the light of the flame in his hand making it appear ghastly and nightmarish.

The Breton's eyes widen in horror and realization, and his mouth opens in a scream.

A scream cut short when a chitin dagger plunges through his lower jaw, through his tongue, and into the roof of his mouth, lodging it shut and making the flame go out.

All that followed was but a wet, squelching sound of a blade cutting through flesh, and of blood dripping on the ground.

Outside of the tunnel, and far away from the excavation site, out of the boundaries of the quarantine zone, Faralda nervously nibbled on her nail as she tapped her foot on the ground.

The moment she had seen the cave, she had already regretted being the first to answer the call with her students.

The miners weren't nice people towards Mages, so had she requested the presence of a guard to be with her students they would have flipped and caused a ruckus.

And since they are the backbone of Winterhold, had they decided to stop working because of her simple request, the whole of Winterhold would have snapped at the College.

And with the relationship between the College and the City being already so strained – though recently it had grown a lot better, probably due to Leonidas's presence – she didn't wish to be the reason everything fell apart.

She should have waited for Leonidas, since Hildr had gone to pick him up for this issue.

He had a way with words, and a great deal of people in Winterhold liked the man a great deal despite being a Mage.

The stories from the bards about the way he fought against Dragons outside Whiterun helped, but what cemented in the fact was his unique personality.

He never put on airs, and always acted like a fool, and rarely brought out the wise part of him that made her and her other colleague believe the man is a wandering Archmage.

Tolfdir had also theorized that the man might be as old if not older than their current Archmage, Savos Aren. His knowledge of certain things… Faralda truly lusted for his mind.

To not speak about the horrifying ways of changing Spells he had taught to her newest and prized student, Hildr.

"They still haven't come out…" One of her other students states softly from behind her, her voice filled with dread and fear, and Faralda curses under her breath.

If she just lost four people because of the fucking miners, they were never going to live it down. Of that, she'll make sure.

A distant scream snaps her out of her hateful thoughts, her gaze moving past the gates marking the entry into the excavation sites, past all the discarded equipment and tents, and towards the rather small hole far into the distance.

From it, one of her students ran out as if being chased by a hound straight out of hell. Faralda couldn't see their face from such a distance, but she could tell that it was filled with pure horror and fear as they ran and stumbled- "It's the Falmers-!" The distant scream, dripping with terror, was cut off by a spear of ice shooting out from the dark tunnel and plunging straight through the chest of one of her students.

The corpse fell to the ground, and silence fell among the watching miners and guards.

Faralda was about to snap and scream at them all, but a flicker of movement from the tunnel makes the word die in her mouth.

A Falmer- Two- Dozens of them overflowed out like ants from their nest, all clad in thick chitin armor and wielding weapons made out of the same material.

"Fuck!" A guard curses loudly, swiftly drawing for his bow at the sight before them, "Call the guards and soldiers! Now-" His order is cut off by a loud, bone-chilling sound of a horn being blown.

A Falmer among the rapidly expanding group had blown the horn, and Faralda's hands were already ignited with roaring flames- But a 'Crack!' resounds, and her gaze snaps up.

Then widens in horror as she watches pieces of the mountain side fall down.

Opening after opening is punched open, swiftly numbering in the dozens if not hundred, with more joining the fray with each passing second.

And each opening has Falmers peeking out of them, bows and Magic at the ready.

Pure dread fills the onlooker before a scream tears through the air, "Get to fucking cover!" Faralda roars out just as arrows and Frost Spells started raining down upon the sleeping quarters of the miners.

Her own Spells were useless, as even if she hit the mark and made a fireball explode in one of the many beehive-like openings in the excavated mountain side, more Falmers would just take the place of the slain ones.

'How the fuck did so many Falmers get so close to the city!?' The Master of Destruction screams in her mind as she hurls Spells across the air, explosions and screams echoing all around her as javelins of Frost rain down all around her.

The realization hits her hard. It was the Miners. The constant excavation, all the noise… It basically led the Falmers to Winterhold, with both sides digging towards one another, and only one of them being aware of it and doing it on purpose.

More guards with bows gather, with the majority focusing fire on the gathering army overflowing out into the excavation site. After all, they'd need good aim to hit the Falmers within the holes in the side of the mountain.

While those Falmers can just randomly throw Spells, and they'll still hit something.

For a short second, Faralda considered unleashing a Master Class Spell. It'll drain her, but it'll also melt that side of the mountain and likely exterminate a great deal of the Falmers.

Yet, the loud reverberating sound of a bell ringing echoes across the city makes her pause, her body suddenly swelling with strength and energy.

A colossal lime-green sun appears high above the city, casting its radiance down upon it, and Faralda can see injuries heal almost instantly on the wounded around her.

Then a sharp whistle follows, and a good chunk of the mountain-side explodes. Then another whistle, then another- Faralda winches and covers her ears as the whistles become non-stop horrifying roars that shake the air and land below her.

Yet, her eyes remain wide as she watches the mountain side be pulverized by obscenely fast projectiles she can't even see or track.

The debris rain down, burying the gathered army of Falmers below it, and only then does the storm of projectiles stop.

"Master Faralda!" The High Elf woman turns her head at the call from a familiar voice, relief flooding her at the sight of Hildr's tall form approaching her with Leonidas in tow.

The masked and robed man lowers his outstretched hand, and Faralda feels a chill as she realizes he was the source of those attacks.

Such powerful Spells launched over and over, with no strain… He truly wasn't any normal Archmage.

"Thank the Gods you got here quickly…" Faralda sighs, allowing herself to relax as the situation was visibly handled, "That could have gotten bad." Her gaze flickers towards the powerful Spell still existing above the city.

Was that from Leonidas? Was he a Restoration Magic Master too?

"Evacuate the quarters." The robed and masked Mage orders a nearby guard, who doesn't even question him and just nods before rushing off with other guards in tow, "Be on guard, it's not over." Faralda jolts at that, and her gaze snaps towards the destroyed side of the mountain.

At first, she thought that Leonidas was just worrying too much, but as she focused, she could still hear the cracking. It was growing louder with each second, and soon more pieces of the mountain started falling.

From the middle, a massive crack started opening, nearly splitting the mountain in half.

Spells were clearly hammering against it from the other side, and Faralda tensed while Hildr cursed under their breath, "That sounds like a lot of them…"

Leonidas hums, stepping forward without care of fear, "There are a lot of them. Hundreds, if not thousands." The Master of Fire Magic pales at that.

"How did a Falmer nest grow so big…?" With so many extermination missions being led at least once a year, the Falmers should have never had the time to breed so much and gather so much manpower.

But that explained why they were so brazen as to attack a whole city directly…

"What do we do, Leo?" Hildr questions, looking tense yet relaxed with him present, "If they crack that massive thing open, we'll have an army on our hands."

Leonidas hums and cups his masked chin for a short few seconds, the enormous crack starting to grow bigger and bigger, the darkness beyond lit up by flashes of Frost Magic hammering against the dense stone from the other side to make it collapse faster.

"...There is something leading them." Leonidas suddenly states, and Hildr falters. Then, she turns towards Leonidas when he didn't say anything else after a while.

"Leo?" She speaks up, gently reaching out to shake the men despite his laser focus on the mountain.

"...It's nothing." Faralda doesn't buy that, but she decides to not press for answer just yet, "Either way, it is best that we stall them for now. We cannot blindly take them on, else we'd just be fighting a battle of attrition."

Faralda crosses her arms and furrows her brows, the enormous crack in the mountain growing bigger with each passing second. Another few minutes, and it'll probably fully reach the ground. "How do we stall them, though?"

Leonidas shrugs, "Like this." He states simply before swiping his arm across the air.

Temperatures plummets, and dense frost covers the whole of Winterhold as snow starts raining.

Faralda shivers, feeling cold like never before. One that even the warmth of her flames couldn't drive away, as it dug deep into her very being like a sickness.

And when she lifted her gaze, her stomach dropped.

"That'll buy us plenty of time." Leonidas states simply even as Faralda and Hildr both gape at the sight before them.

The entire mountain was frozen, encased in a thick, jagged layer of seemingly unbreakable ice.

"Leonidas…" Hildr starts, then gulps heavily, "What in the actual fuck."

The robed man comes to a pause and tilts his head in genuine confusion. "Did I do something wrong?"

Faralda wanted to scream.


~~XXX~~​


"Apologies for the wait." I lean back as Savos Aren enters the large hall at a brisk pace, a stormy frown on his face, "I came back as fast as I could once I heard of the situation. How bad is it?" He questions sharply as he gets to his spot on the large round table that fills the room.

The room is nothing fancy, just a large hall meant for the Masters to use either to eat or read in peace, or for important meetings such as this.

I'm still surprised that Savos Aren allowed me to become a teacher when the position was offered to me.

Faralda stands to answer the question, so I push my thoughts aside, "It could have been much worse were it not for Leonidas's intervention." I tilt my head as Faralda nods my way with a grateful smile, "His Healing Spell kept the casualties beneath the dozen, and his Spell barrage stopped me from having to resort to a Master Class Spell to resolve the issue."

Savos Aren breathes heavily while the other teachers hiss at Faralda's words. Master Class Spells are basically city-wide Spells akin to Nuclear Weaponry.

Had Faralda used a Master Class Spell, she'd have molten the mountain, but also a portion of the City. She'd have racked up more casualties than the Falmers themselves.

"You have my thanks, Leonidas." Savos Aren states while looking directly my way, and… Wow, first time he has spoken to me. Finally. "But I believe the issue is not yet handled?"

I take the lead to answer this time with a shake of the head, "The mountain is hollow in the middle, and is full of Falmers." An overcharged Mind's Eye helped me swiftly check things out… And find out something worrying. "While a head-on confrontation against them would be heavily in our favor, something about the whole thing just irks me."

Ancano, from his spot behind Savos Aren, sneers heavily, "And how would you know that the mountain is hollow inside?"

I don't even deign to gaze towards the man, "Please think before opening your mouth. You make every living being this side of the planet dumber each time you speak." I chide him with a jovial tone, making him gnash his teeth before I refocus back on the Archmage, "Ever heard of the Mind's Eye?"

Savos Aren's eyes widen at that, "...Yes, I have. A rather dangerous yet ancient Spell. A Magicka Sense, of sorts." I nod, and he leans back and sits down while cupping his chin, "I see… But what irks you about the situation?"

"Everything." Is my instant and flat answer, "Falmers are known for their stealth tactics. They fight dirty, in the dark, never directly in an open confrontation unless forced it upon them."

"They could have used the tunnels as a way to tear through our numbers, weaponized them like they always do… Yet they threw it all away instantly, and revealed themselves openly."

"That is not a Falmer tactic." Especially their push to crack the mountain open so that they could flow out in force.

That just makes no damn sense… Until I overcharged the Mind's Eye and felt something that did make me worry a great deal.

The Archmage rubs his chin thoughtfully, "First, the area will need to be fortified. We cannot risk a barrage attack like the one I've been told off." He starts off, voice soft yet loud enough to carry across the table and its occupants, "Second, we must make sure that the mountain isn't their only nest."

Phinis Gestor sighs aloud, rubbing his fingers along the creases of his forehead, "How in the hell did a nest so big go unnoticed?"

I lean back with a hum, "Probably because they came from somewhere else." I drawl out, earning everyone's attention once more, "The Falmer have made Blackreach their home since the Dwemer disappeared, and Blackreach is connected to all sorts of caves all across Skyrim."

So it would stand to reason that one such cave and tunnel led to the inside of the mountain right beside Winterhold.

Though… I do lift my gaze when everyone is just gaping my way, "What?" Why are they staring at me like I am a lunatic despite having done nothing crazy just yet?

"B-Blackreach?" Faralda repeats, "T-That place… That's a legend… Right?" What?

"No, it isn't?" Pretty sure Hildr and Aurelia did not have such reactions when I mentioned the place in the past- A right, one isn't a native of Skyrim and the other was very secluded for a while. "I've been there quite a few times, after all."

Well, not in this life, but I went there often in the game. Confusing as fuck place with a shitty ass map, but still fun to explore.

"You've… Been to Blackreach?" Savos Aren asks, fighting against his jaw to not have it gape openly at me.

I slowly nod, "Yeah? There's an entry not even that far from the Wayward Pass. Hell, there's a lot of entries to Blackreach all over Skyrim." And a lot of caves with fucking Falmer in them.

Gods, the fucking jumpscares when I played in the dark and one of them just appear out of nowhere… Beating the shit outta them bare-handed was never satisfying enough.

Also, why am I surprised about their reactions? Mages never really travel that much, so of course they haven't visited Blackreach. Not that anyone should visit that shithole, but still…

Savos gulps loudly, before he shakes his head and recovers himself, "That aside… Warn the students, and please remain vigilant. For now, we shall wait and see how the situation develops first."

Fair. The Falmer won't be able to break through my ice nowhere near soon, so just waiting to see if they have any other holes available is the best option.

Collapsing the mountain on them is also one, but that could damage Winterhold too, so… Yeah. Less destructive option it is.

I watch the teachers file out of the room, with Ancano begrudgingly doing the same too after a sharp look from Savos Aren, and I tilt my head as when I see someone else in the room.

A young woman, short of stature, but with a face I can only describe as adorable. Bright blue eyes, freckled cheeks, and long, curly brown hair resting upon a fluffy and dark coat.

Is she a teacher too? I've seen her around quite a few times since I've been here… I thought she was a student, yet why was she in here?

I shake away those thoughts and focus back on Savos Aren, idly noting that the girl is still there, just observing us quietly, arms crossed before her as she leans by the wall of the door.

"Finally done avoiding me?" I jokingly start once the door closes, receiving a flat stare from the Archmage, "I couldn't resist picking at your trauma the moment I saw you. Apologies."

The Dunmer just stares at me for several long, quiet seconds before sighing deeply, "How do you even know about such a stain on my past?"

I shrug, "There is little I do not know." I reveal mysteriously, making the man's glowing eyes glint with curiosity, "Don't worry, I won't judge you for what happened in Labyrinthian."

That genuinely surprises Savos Aren, as he reels back in surprise, "You won't judge me about how I betrayed my last surviving friends to save my life?"

I tilt my head and stare at the man, and I realize that the guilt stops him from seeing the bigger picture. "Your 'betrayal' of your two friends very likely stopped one of the most powerful Dragon Priests with one of the most powerful Artifacts in existence in his hold from conquering Skyrim."

And that is the genuine truth. Because the Staff of Magnus, here, cannot be anything but utter bullshit.

And in the hands of a Dragon Priest, such a weapon just spells disaster.

The Archmage gulps heavily, then palms his face, looking as if he aged several centuries at my words, "Thank you… I… I needed to hear that." I nod lightly at his words, "And I apologize for avoiding you for so long."

I shake my head at that, "It's alright. Gave me time to… Calm down." Mostly because I am too fucking tired to even be an idiot. It has genuinely started to become taxing, but sometimes I still manage to do it, and it still helps me relax a great deal.

"Now, onto the more serious topic…" I lean forward with a sigh and rest my arms on the table, "The Falmers are being led by a Dragon."

Savos Aren stills before his back straightens and his gaze becomes heavy and serious, "The Mind's Eye?"

I nod, "At the very edge of it. I saw its wing, side and tail, and… Sometimes, a Dragon's size also means strength."

The Archmage breathes in through is nostrils, readying himself, "How bad is it?"

I clasp my gloved hands together before answering, "Just its wing alone was bigger than the biggest Dragon I've faced so far."

"...Fuck." Yes, 'fuck' indeed.

This sudden push and attack from the Falmers is probably a way for the Dragon to gain a foothold on Skyrim, yet making it so that it doesn't draw the attention of the Dragonborn.

Probably to save its strength? But for what? Or is it even hiding from Aurelia of all people?

"For now, we can only wait and see." The Archmage states heavily before standing, then throwing a light smile my way, "I'm sure we can pick a better time to talk more in-depth." I chuckle and nod, not really against picking at his brain despite having the knowledge of Shalidor himself at my fingertips.

Different types of opinions and views can help a lot, after all.

I stand as Savos takes his leave, and I turn my gaze back towards the young woman, "And who might you be?" I question, unable to help my curiosity. Especially since Savos did not even glance my way.

The girl perks up at my question, and her gaze flicks around before looking towards me. Then, very slowly, her eyes widen when she realizes that I am looking straight at her.

"Are you…" She starts, her voice sounding very cute and soft, almost like a faint whisper, "Are you talking to me?"

I tilt my head at her question, then cross my arms with a sigh, "Yes, I am talking to you." Her eyes widen even further, and I finally understand what is going on.

"You can see me?!" The very short young woman nearly shouts, visible delight on her face.

"Yes, I can." I sigh once more. Wait, delight? "Are you using Invisibility to sneak where you shouldn't?" If so, how the fuck can I see her?

My words, strangely enough, only evoke more delight from the young woman, who pounces forward with a near-squeal of giddiness, "Oh by the Eight and the Daedric Princes! You can see me!"

I uncross my arms, just… speechless at her reaction. "Could it be because you are an Undead? Or maybe the Dragon Priest Mask- No, Lah said that Krosis's mask had the power of Cold Flame, so that can't be it. Maybe a unique thing about Undead beings? Or your absurd growth? Your Magicka reserves did spike by more than ten times around a month ago, and you have more Magicka than that Savos brat, so maybe the reserves are the why you can see me-"

I take a step back as the young woman just starts talking non-stop, both shocking me at the fact that she knows about what I am, which I believe only Savos knows so far, and at the fact she knows about Krosis and his mask so well-

...Wait a fucking second… Lah?

Lah, the Great Sage. Aurelia told me about him, after Paarthurnax told her.

A Dragon feared for his perfect mastery over dozens of Shouts, and known to have a fascination with Magic.

How does she know that name?

"How do you know that name?" I cut the woman's rambling off with a sharp question, making her pause and stare up at me in confusion, "Lah. That name. Where did you learn of it?"

Wait… Wait, wait, wait… Her words were 'Lah said-'… Who the fuck is she-

"It's my husband's name?" The young woman states as if it is the most obvious thing in the world, before she slaps her own forehead with a curse, "Right, I have not introduced myself, apologies for my bad manners!"

Jumping back and smoothing out her dark robes, the young woman offers me a brilliant smile and her hand, "My name is Kara, it is a pleasure to meet you and finally be able to talk to someone after so many Eras!"

Kara… I've read that name before…

Yes, I have. In Shalidor's notes. He mentioned his wife leaving him… With his daughter, Kara.

"You're Shalidor's daughter…" She is the second Archmage of the College, Shalidor's successor…

And the woman who married a Dragon, and created the original Draconic Chant, together with the Chants that uses normal words.

Kara's smile turns sharp, a hint of disdain in her bright blue eyes.

"Yup. The one and only descendant of that piece of shit two-bit Mage and son of a fucking diseased Skeever fucked by a cockroach with-"

Okay, calm down, Satan.

...I like her already.

And why can I fucking see ghosts no one else can?!


A.N. Honestly, I had considered hinting at Kara's existence for a while.

Some mentions of Leonidas noticing a curly haired woman walking around, a mentions of a Kara in Shalidor's journal…

But then I feared none would notice it or question it, so I decided to go along with the surprise drop.

Lah and Kara are going to be very important characters down the line, and yes they are both AU, of course.

Also, they are some of the most OP motherfuckers I've ever created, not that it really counts since everyone is OP in this fic…

Either way, hope y'all enjoyed this chappy!

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, BrendanS.A, donstar260 and 1,397 others
Musashi-Chan
Feb 17, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 33 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Feb 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,776
"I am actually surprised that my father even thought about me once."

I take a seat beside the minute, curly haired ghost-woman. A seat that faces a deep fall into frigid waters below.

"It was just a remark that the Folium Discognitum recorded." I drawl out, kicking my legs a bit as I settle back.

In the privacy of the roof of the College, and away from prying eyes, I finally allowed myself to relax enough so to have a proper conversation with this woman whose existence has not been recorded anywhere.

There are mentions of the second Archmage of the College… But nothing that goes too deep into things. Not what she did for the College, what she taught, what her main Magic was- Nothing.

Then I gained the information through Aurelia's letters some time back, about this 'Lah' and about Kara. It left me with more questions than answers, honestly.

"Oh?" Kara perks up at my words, freckled nose scrunching up in distaste as she turns to gaze at me, "That is one too many for him."

I chuckle at that, "It was merely him making a statement about his wife leaving with his daughter. That's it." A cold bark of laughter leaves the minute freckled woman.

"The mere fact he even thought about that for a fraction of a second just baffles me." She snorts coldly, but soon shakes her head and sighs out deeply, "He cared more about losing that fucking island of his to the Mad One than my own birth."

Yeah, the lore never failed to show that Shalidor was… A shit man, to say the least. Forgot about his wife all to just focus on his Magicka studies, and now I can even add deadbeat father to the mix.

"It must suck for you, having to see many mages bow before the statue in the courtyard." Kara shrugs.

"When I presided over the College, I blew that bitch up." I cackle at that, and her own lips quirk up in amusement at the memory, "I don't know who the fuck put it back, but I'm shoving a meteor up their asshole."

Gods, I adore this woman already. "So then, what's up with this situation of yours?" I questions, mainly nodding towards her form.

Kara blinks, then looks down at herself, and I see the very moment that the 'little shit' energy enters her form. So she sighs deeply and sags her shoulders, "I know, being born beautiful and perfect is hard."

I just stare at her, "Your father's genetics, I presume?" The indignant squawk that comes out of her is pure music to my ears.

"I'll kick your fuckin' bony ass over the railing, don't tempt me!"

"I won't even get hurt."

"I just want to inconvenience you by making you swim back." She bares and snaps her teeth at me, reminding me so much of Gretel. These two would become best friends with just a glance.

"But to answer your question…" Straightening herself, Kara… Shrugs? "I kinda don't fuckin' know?"

Okay, what? "Magical fuck-up?"

"Eh… Maybe?"

I sigh and palm my masked face, "What exactly happened?"

Jumping up, Kara gets off the railing and starts walking. On air, right above the big drop with the ocean below. "For one, I am not a ghost." She states, a smirk on her lips, "This is actually an Astral Projection."

I tilt my head at that, "Then you are alive?"

Another shrug, "Eh… Maybe?" Again with that? What the fuck, woman...

"What exactly happened?"

"That's the thing; I don't remember." Kara huffs, pacing back and forth in the air, "Leaving my body to become an Astral Projection was easy for me. Hell, I made the Spell!"

"The last memory I had when I woke up stuck like this was me becoming an Astral Projection to…" She coughs, and suddenly her cheeks flush, "Well, do things to my husband, but we don't talk about that-"

"No no, go ahead." I cross my legs and steeple my hands above them as I straighten myself, now very interested, "I really want to know how a human woman shows a Dragon a good time. I am very interested."

Kara gives me a flat stare, "Them are the same fuckin' words Sanguine told me one time, ya know?" I couldn't help the surprised burst of laughter that erupts out of me at that reveal, "Had the guy outright grovel at my feet, wanting to know how to fuck a Dragon, 'cause he never fucked or got fucked by one before."

As expected of Sanguine, the God who sees a hole, and will fuck it without a second thought. Or he will become the hole, he is wild like that.

Still, I decide not to pry further. I don't want to make Kara uncomfortable, "So then, you became an Astral Projection, then… What?"

"Then… Darkness." Kara shrugs, looking confused and miffed, "I woke up around one-hundred years later, still as an Astral Projection, in the middle of the courtyard down there."

"No one could see me, and I had to restrain myself lest I fade away." She sighs deeply at that, looking thoroughly depressed, "I went through entire Eras with the only magic studies I could do being Theory. I am very displeased."

Yup, an adorable nerd. I like that. "Will you fade away if you use Magicka?" I probe, and she nods seriously.

"Our Magicka reserves recover fast, especially in such a Magicka rich area like the College, but as an Astral Projection?" She bites her lower lip, gaze distant for a short second before she speaks up once more, "The amount of Magicka I'd use to throw a fireball will be fully recovered in roughly three decades."

Jesus fuckin' Christ… "What about Lah? Shouldn't he be around?" At that, her gaze grows sad, and her eyes instantly redden.

"He should be…" She sighs deeply and walks back to sit beside me, "I've felt his presence throughout the years, all across Tamriel. With the limited amount of Magick at my disposal, even with my absurd reserves, I… I cannot contact him, lest I fade away in the process."

And she'll probably die for sure if her Astral Projection fades away, so it is better not to risk that.

I lean back with a hum, "What if I could help?" I ask, making her perk up, "Is there a way I could reach him for you? Or help you reach him, somehow?"

Kara's eyes sparkle with delight and happiness at that, and with the overflowing love of a wife that craves the presence of her husband, "By the Eight, I would be truly grateful."

I just chuckle and wave off her thanks, "Honestly, this also helps me. I… Kinda need some allies, if you will." Kara pauses at that, then gives me a thoroughly confused look.

"You feel so insanely strong to my senses. What might you need allies for?"

"The World-Eater." Kara's face pales, and she takes in a sharp intake of air.

"Fuck… He got out of its prison?" I nod, and she curses again under her breath, "When, exactly?"

"Roughly three months or so ago." I answer, then tilt my head when Kara sighs in relief and sags back, "Why?"

"The last time I felt my husband was four months ago." She states, and I get why she was afraid now, "I felt his Magicka surge for but a few moments before it went quiet again."

I hum at that, "Do you know what he is doing?"

She shakes her head, "He spent the entirety of the Second Era going around our research laboratories, then I felt him tear his way into Oblivion during the Third Era-" Did she just say 'Tear his way into Oblivion'?- "-and I've only felt his presence twice during this Era."

"So… No. I don't really know what exactly he is doing?" She then shrugs, "But that's basically Lah. That goofball was unable to focus on one thing for more than five damn seconds, yet he could also hyper-focus like no one else. Smart, handsome scaly son of a bitch-"

I tune out the gushing over her husband to just think about the possibility of there being a Dragon with ADHD out there.

A Dragon wielding the power of Autism… I hope to Akatosh there ain't one out there.

"Anyway… How do we contact him?"

At my question, Kara becomes a bit sheepish, "We can draw him back here, but… It might just be very, very dangerous."

It takes me just a second to realize what she plans to do, "I'm gonna be put into a lot of danger, aren't I?"

Kara chuckles nervously, "You'll very likely face a very, very furious Lah." Facing a furious Dragon literally called 'Magicka'. Yeah, how bad can that shit be?

"What exactly is the plan?"

With a hum, Kara points down to the waters below, "One of our labs is deep underground. I can feel that my body is there, sealed away. That seal is stopping me from getting it back."

I lean back in surprise, "Wait- Sealed? Did-" I pause, but I can see Kara's lips go thin as she realizes what my next words are going to be, "Did Lah seal you away…?"

The minute woman remains quiet, her gaze distant and lost, "...I think so." Gods, I have so many damn questions…

But I shake them all away, "So then, I break you out of your seal-"

"-Lah will feel it, and will come running back, ready to erase Skyrim off the map." She pauses, then tilts her head, "Maybe Tamriel too." Just how fuckin' powerful is this guy…?

"I presume it'll take time for you to wake up once out of the seal?" Kara nods, a very heavy frown on her face.

"I've been out of my body for a long time, hence regaining motor functions and carefully controlling my brain to make it so that the income of memories of nearly four entire Eras doesn't fry it completely… So yeah, I'll need time."

"Time I gotta buy by throwing hands against a very pissed off Dragon called 'Magicka'." I sight out, just a bit miffed.

Kara laughs and pats me on the shoulder, "Oh, silly boy." She shakes her head and gives me a gentle, kind look, "There is no 'fighting' when facing Lah. Just 'surviving'."

Yep, totally eager to face this guy.

"What if…" I start, and jab a thumb towards Deinmaar's 'prison'. "I were to recruit that guy?" Kara blinks, her eyes widening in realization.

"Deinmaar, huh?" She muses softly, gaze gentle, telling me that she managed to visit him too during her time, "Is he still being quiet and avoiding conversation?" I nod, and she sighs deeply, "Lah spoke highly and fondly of him."

Now, that is something I want to know about, "Can you tell me more about Deinmaar? I kinda want to try and help the guy out, but I can't if he won't let me."

A small hand cups her chin, "From what Lah told me… Deinmaar is loyal. Once he makes a promise, he'll stick to it no matter what. He has a strong sense of justice, and loves helping people."

"What about his Dragon?"

"Jill." Kara corrects me, surprising me a lot. "His Dragon was a Jill." Oh.

Oh damn. A Jill, female Dragon, usually known as the… Well, the better children of Akatosh.

Off the top of my head, I can remember that they have gone to war with the Hist, and that they usually fix the shit that Dragons cause.

"Thanks for the information…" I shake my head with a sigh. Gods, our conversation jumped from one topic to another very quickly.

"Okay, so… The course of action is to prepare before we try to draw Lah back." I start, turning around so to get off the railing, and Kara swiftly follows suit, "I presume you cannot approach your seal?"

Kara shakes her head, hopping forward before twirling around to face me, "I am bound to the College, and the laboratory is just a bit out of its bounds." I nod at that, and she puts her small hands on her hips, "Drawing my husband back shouldn't be a priority…"

Slowly, she turns her head to stare towards the mountain I froze, the one containing an army of Falmers within, ready to ravage the city as a whole. "But considering that Vulthuryol is showing his ugly mug again, bringing Lah back would be the right choice."

Vulthuryol… That's the name of the Dragon in Blackreach. My guess was right, then.

The mountain is indeed connected to Blackreach.

"Is he powerful?" I question Kara as I stop beside her, my gaze never leaving the frozen mountain in the distance.

Kara hums, as if mulling over my words, "Less powerful, more… Annoying." She clicks her tongue, obvious distaste on her face, "He found a way to weaponize his Immortality. It doesn't matter how you destroy him, his flesh body just reforms and grows back."

I hum at that, "So it heals fast, and now has an army of Falmers at its back and call."

"He is a powerful Necromancer." The minute freckled woman points out, "So make sure you destroy the bodies of the Falmers when they are slain, lest he just brings them back."

That's a good warning, and I am grateful for it. Terra Santa should be more than enough to handle that, though. "I presume you and this guy have history?"

Kara grunts at my question, "The fucker nearly killed me in the past. It is how me and Lah met." Turning around, the Astral woman lets out a dreamy sigh, "Vulthuryol hates Lah deeply, and we had to repel him several times throughout our relationship."

I turn to give the Archmage a look, "How did you get him to back off for so long then?"

Kara shrugs, "Me and Lah just stopped sandbagging." She then winches after saying that, "Ended up punching a hole all the way down to Blackreach during our scuffle… A hole I kinda hid by putting a mountain over it."

Slowly, I turn towards the frozen mountain. Then I turn back to Kara, who is just grinning at me, "No shit we are having a cockroach leak then if you left a big ass hole open, you dumb woman!"

A foot stomps on the ground as the Archmage screeches at me, "Listen, I did not want to lose access to Blackreach, okay?! That fuckin' place is so damn interesting and so damn rich in resources!" She throws her hands in the air at that, "No shit those dumb Dwemer got so mad at me for punching a hole down to their would-be home… Ain't seen one of 'em ugly fucks around in a long while though…"

"Probably because they deleted themselves from existence."

Kara blinks at me, then nods, "Yeah, that checks out." She shrugs, "I told 'em not to fuck with certain things, but oh well…"

I chuckle at that, "How rich in resources are we talking about?" My question earns me a very, very serious look from the minute woman.

"Enough to feed all of Tamriel for Eras." I freeze at that, "The Dwemer barely tapped into the resources Blackreach offered, and I am not talking about just minerals and ores. The very soil there helps Alchemy ingredients just grow so fast, and with such purity…"

Now that… That could help the preparations for the incoming invasion.

Alright, Vulthur-whatever, you gotta go. Get ready for a very painful anal experience, my boy.

"Alright, we need to make a list of things to do in order." Kara jumps, then nods in agreement as she floats up and around me, "First, I need to start preparing for Vulthuryol. But it is the same issue as preparing for Lah. I need things that will give me an edge, and that will further help me down the line."

Floating and twirling in the air, Kara hums softly as she cups her chin, "Good thing you have one of the best mages in history here to help you out then!" She grins down at me, but honestly? Having her as a teacher is a blessing that I am grateful for.

Between her and the Folium Discognitum, I can start learning things incredibly quickly and finally have more stuff to my arsenal.

Mainly, Enchanting and Scroll-Making.

"Speaking of good mages…" Kara turns to send a glance down towards the courtyard below, now mostly empty since lessons are over for the day, "I've watched each new generations of mages just grow worse and worse through the years…"

I tilt my head at her cruel but rather honest observation, "Does it anger?"

Her head turns towards me, and the look in her eyes surprises me, "It worries me." She stresses, face heavy, and eyes full of worry, "This is… It is not natural. Back in my day, even a new Mage would sometimes achieve a breakthrough once a year, or discover something grand… Yet these new recruits struggle to even put up a basic Ward."

The only thing I could do was shrug lightly, "Maybe everything has already been discovered, and the new mages just aren't as talented…" I honestly don't know what else to say, for I am a cheat among this group of people.

I get by easily, and even learning something that isn't through the use of the System and the Spell Slots is easy for me. Which… Weird, but alright.

"That's bullshit, and you know it." Kara flares her nostrils and floats closer, "There is no 'Everything' when it comes to Magic. The more we discover about it, the more doors become available to us. It is a path with infinite possibilities and branching paths that will have no end."

"Existence as a whole will come to an end before a Mage discovers everything about Magic."

I lean back and stare quietly at the floating, distressed freckled woman, "You think this is not natural?"

"If this is truly natural, I'll stop thinking about Magic for a week straight." Now that is a harsh punishment for a Magic geek such as her.

Still, I sigh lightly, "No use pondering on something that will yield no answer, but let us keep it in mind." But still… What could possibly affect the literal growth and intelligence of Mages throughout the years?

Clearly, the Merethic Era and First Era were the Golden Age of Magic, but then things started getting worse after then.

So what exactly happened during the First Era, or at the very end of it, that started the downhill progression of Magic discipline as a whole?

And what could affect it like so? The works of a Daedric Prince? But who would dare do something that could earn the ire of Prince of Knowledge? Hermaeus would absolutely loathe such a thing.

I shake away those thoughts for now, but I'll make sure to write such a thing in my notes. Honestly, this… It excites me. I've spent so long basically memorizing the lore of this world, yet now that I find myself in it and come to discover so much more that I did not know about… It delights me.

"Okay…" I start and breathe in while putting my hands on my hips, "I think I'm going to need a lot of paper and ink."

Kara merely grins eagerly, clearly happy to finally teach magic once more.

~~XXX~~​

"So each symbol is its own element?"

"Yes." Kara nods, floating over my shoulder and tapping down on my notebook, "Daedric Runes are used to enhance an Enchantment. By adding a Fire Rune to a Fire Enchantment, its power will increase by a certain margin."

"And adding more makes it even stronger?"

"Yes, but consumption of Magicka also goes up. And the more Magicka it consumes, the more the Enchantment deteriorates."

I hum and lean back on my chair, "Are there no permanent Enchantments?" Kara nods, and I perk up at that.

Her small fingers jumps up to point at my face. Mainly, my mask. "Dragon Enchantments. They weave Reality itself into a weapon or tool, and it is permanent."

Huh… I guess there is a type of Enchanting that uses Dragon Words the same way with how there is the normal Chanting, and my Draconic Chant.

I write it down with a hum, but in another notebook. The one I am currently writing in is going to be sent to Farengar, so to hopefully have him better arm Whiterun due to all the gear it has recently started to pump out thanks to Aurelia's dragon-killing spree.

I'm sure he has many students he trusts and that are deeply loyal to Whiterun, so creating a group of Mages that follow the Enchanting teachings and tips of a Mage on par if not greater than Shalidor should do us very well.

"What about making Scrolls? How does that work?"

Kara floats down and sits on the other side of my desk, "That works on different principles than Enchanting. You see, Magic is all about weaving Reality, writing to it what you want to make and do. It is like a simple step to step guide."

"The Dragon Language is different, for it outright tells and orders Reality to this and that, skipping the many steps Magic carefully has to take and plan out."

With a hum, I consider her words for a short few seconds, "Then each Spell has its own Word, or Rune." Kara grins and snaps her fingers my way, basically telling me that I got it right. "How does one go about finding this Rune, then?"

The freckled woman sighs and leans back, "Now that's the difficult part for many." She states heavily, "You must… Well, for a lack of better word. You must look within."

Raising her hand, I watch her weave her Magicka in dozens of different Runes of all kinds of colors and elements. Fire, Ice, Electricity, Wind, Earth, Water- Each one a different Rune for a different Spell in her immense arsenal.

I tear my gaze away and lift my own gloved hand. A Draconian Howl rumbles to life in my palm, sparkling like a star and causing the air around it to quiver.

I cannot close my eyes and look within, as she said, but… I focus. I put all my focus on my Spell, and the way my Magicka flows towards it.

A follow the flow to the cent of my palm, where it weaves in millions of different ways. But it all follows a pattern, given tracks like circuits, as if Magic is just a big computer.

But it also isn't, for it is alive. Somewhat sentient.

I follow those patterns and circuits, creating a mental map of it all, and using my free hand to scribble it down over and over again. Until, finally, the Rune is written down, and I replicate it through letting my Magicka flow into that shape.

A glowing white symbol that I cannot even come close to describe or understands blooms into existence in the same spot where my Draconian Howl used to be.

It radiated incredible power, even greater that the Spell it came from. It felt more… Original, more pure. As if it didn't go through the many different steps that would have turned it into a Spell.

Still, I am thoroughly transfixed with the Rune, so many ideas flowing through my mind at the sight of it.

A Draconian Howl rumbles to life above the Rune, then several more Runes follow, creating a pattern around the Draconian Howl, a string of Magicka attaching each of them to the glittering Spell.

I feel the formation take shape, and whatever I've done causes the Draconian Howl to become a thousand times brighter and shake with enough force to make the whole room- No, this whole side of the College shake.

It woke me up from my trance, and I swiftly dispel the Spell and formation that granted it immense power.

Kara is watching me with great fascination, a smile slowly spreading across her face when I look back at her, "Now that is a Spell I've never seen before." She hums, her eyes glittering with a hunger for knowledge that could make other Mages wet their pants, "How did you manage to weave a Dragon Word into your Spell, I wonder?"

This goes to show just how bullshit smart and how great of a Mage she is. She saw right through my Draconian Howl with but a glance and could tell everything about it like I wrote it down for her. "Never did something like that in your life?"

Kara shakes her head, a glint of fascination in her eyes, "I created a Chanting that required Dragon Words, but never did I think about weaving them directly into the structure of a Spell." She cups her chin, gaze growing distant as she mulls over the Spell, "Lah would adore you. He was an even bigger Magic geek than me."

I chuckle at that, "He does sound like a wonderful Dragon to know. It is a refreshing change." Kara puffs up her chest in pride at that, even though I am complimenting her husband, not her.

"Either way…" Conjuring that Original Rune back in my hand, I study it for a short second before looking at Kara, "Is it possible to Enchant this into equipment?"

Much to my disappointment, Kara shakes her head, "Original Runes can only be woven into Magicka Crystals that go on top of a Magic Staff." I write that down too, but it is not a profitable route to follow for now.

Magicka Crystals are still incredibly rare, especially those of higher quality and purity. The better, the more rare, and the more they cost when sold through an auction.

"So I guess only elements and other esoteric Enchantments can be placed on equipment." I hum and lean back, then pause and if could, I'd blink in realization.

"What's wrong?" Kara questions when she notices me still.

"Just remembered something…" Moving my head to check my desk, I move through the many papers and books strewn around until I find the slip of paper I was looking for.

A drawing, to be exact. One sent to me by Farengar after I requested it. Finally, it'll finally become useful.

"Say, Kara…" I slap down the slip of paper showing a suit of spiky armor and weapons made out of Dragon bones and scales. The very gear that is now being given to the guards in Whiterun. "How would you like to make the best Enchantments possible for this gear?"

The Second Archmage of the College leans forward, eyes widening as she realizes what the gear is made out off, before an enormous grin spreads across her face, "Do you realize how good Dragon materials are when it comes to Enchanting them?"

I tilt my head at her question, a crazed light within her eyes, "They are so overflowing with Magicka even when dead, that any Enchantment placed on it becomes at least ten times stronger." Her grin gets downright feral, "You want the best Enchantments for this? Fine! Let's make some immortal sons of bitches, shall we?!"

I lift my hand and offer it to her, and she cackles as she gives me a very eager high-five, "What do you suggest?"

"Vampiric and Strength Enhancing Enchantments." Reaching over, she taps the weapons section, "The Vampiric Enchantments works best if placed on a weapon, as even a simple graze will sap away one's vitality."

I cross my arms with a hum, "Strength enhances work best if placed on the chest-place, I presume." Kara nods with a grin, "What about the helmet?"

"Fortify Impact." I tilt my head at the name of the Enchantment she just mentioned, "It is an Enchantment that dispels the majority of the force behind a blow, be it from a sharp weapon or blunt impact."

"The gauntlets – both of them – should have Fortify Stamina. Dragon Gear is naturally heavy, so mixing with with a Fortify Carry Weight makes one feel nimble and full of energy despite wearing incredibly heavy gear."

I nod, "So they'll hit hard, move fast, can get hit, and if they get hurt, they can heal… Holy shit."

Kara cackles, "My guy, this is just the first layer of Enchantments!" Oh right, the Double Enchantments, kinda forgot about them.

This world doesn't follow the game mechanics, as any Enchantment can be placed on any piece of gear, no matter what.

Placing a second one is more difficult of course, but thanks to the incredible guide I'll help Kara write out, Farengar will have no issues making such things.

"Then what do you have in mind?" My questions earns me another peal of crazed giggles from the nerdy Mage sitting on my desk.

"Fortify Speed on the boots, Fortify Stamina Regeneration on the chest-plate, Fortify Health Regeneration on the gauntlets, and finally, my Magnus Opus-"

"Chaos Resistance for the Helmet, and Chaos Damage on the weapons."

Okay, holy fuck, I can already envision how bullshit each soldier is going to be. They'll need to be careful who they hand this gear to, because they'll basically become one-man army soldiers.

But… This is needed. I am willing to put my trust in the Nords if they can be honorable and make the right choice just this once.

Though, I also do have a question, "Does it matter how big the Elemental Rune is?" Kara shakes her head, "So just how many times it is placed." Of course, it cannot be placed randomly around.

It all has to be connected a string of Magicka, and if one of these strings crosses another, then it'll all come undone. Sometimes in a rather explosive way.

But Original Runes, which come from the essence of the Spell, can magnify the power of said Spell by so many times that it baffles me. At least now I have a new trump card up my sleeve.

A 'Fuck everything in that general direction!' Spell. How lovely.

"Can I just use any type of paper to place the Original Rune on?" It kinda sounds like bullshit, because how can a simple slip of paper hold so much raw Magicka… But Kara nods with a shrug. "That makes no damn sense."

"I know right? Lah went crazy over that shit in the past. It got worse when he placed a Master Class Original Rune Spell on a feather… And it worked. My hubby started slamming his skull into a mountain right after." Yeah, I'm with Lah on this.

Magic is so weird that it makes me want to tear my hair out. Good thing I ain't got any!

"I'm gonna need a lot of paper…" But first, I better find the Original Rune about Terra Santa. That is the main Spell that I want to send back to Whiterun.

Before I could write down everything, I am interrupted by the door to my room opening. Hildr's striking figure steps in, stretching her back as she does so, making her curves stand out quite a bit.

She blinks when she notices me, but then smiles warmly, "So that's where you disappeared off to." The red-haired woman drawls out as she steps close, with Kara floating around her with a pout, clearly a bit sad that Hildr can't see her. "What are you up to, hm?"

I shrug, "Writing stuff down about Enchanting and Original Runes." Grabbing my notebook, I offer it to her, "You'll find this stuff about Original Runes quite lovely, and something that you'll find easy to master and weaponize."

With her insane control over Magicka, Hildr can surely use Original Runes even better than I ever could. Another tool in her arsenal that will massively boost her strength.

The more protected she is, the more at ease I will be.

"Original Runes?" Hildr parrots, raising a curious but interested brow, "Never heard of those, but they sound interesting." She grabs the offered notebook, but then scrunches up her nose. "I'll read it later. First, I want a warm bath."

I chuckle as she whirls around, tossing the notebook on her bed together with her shirt- I do a double take as I see the shape of her large, bare breast bounce around as she walks towards the bathroom, her thumbs hooking into her pants and-

I turn around to face the wall as Kara laughs and kicks her legs in the air, nearly wheezing and crying as I sigh deeply, only relaxing when I hear the door of the bathroom close shut.

"Damn woman…" She is doing this on purpose, I swear. I'm gonna drop ice cubes down her shirt when she least expects it.

"Oh, that girl wants you~!" Kara purrs in amusement, clearly having enjoyed that interaction, "You should use the Mind's Eye real quick. Trust me!" I give the floating woman a look, but she just winks at me with a thumbs up.

In the end, my dumbass does go through with it, and I use my Mind's Eye enough to peek into the bathroom.

Hildr's form takes shape in my mind, crouched on the ground right behind the closed door, and covering her face with her hands in clear embarrassment.

I sigh and palm my face, but if I could smile, I would.

Damn women and playing with my feelings...

~~XXX~~​

The eyes of Jarl Balgruuf remain locked on his city, still thriving and brimming with life and activity even late in the afternoon.

And it would keep remaining active even at night. His people, wonderful and loyal to a fault, pushed themselves to help the city and him in turn.

Productivity was at a high never seen before, and the Merchant Guild was unwilling to lose access to Skyrim and what it has to offer, so he had received a great deal of help from them in turn.

It allowed him to stock up enough food to last them many years, worthy enough for a long siege in case the Dragons try to play a long game to tire them out.

As for the weapons, all of the best blacksmiths in Whiterun were working together, putting aside their differences to work at the Skyforge day and night to release masterwork after masterwork.

Weapons forged with blood, sweat and tears, and through the pure hardwork of people using materials that come from Dragons.

Materials that were coming from the Dragonborn, who was working harder than all of his people combined.

He could hear her battles even from Whiterun. The dying throes of countless Dragons being slain upon the Throat of the World, the sky being sundered and scorched by their battles at least a few times a week.

And then, each corpse would be delivered to his doorstep by a colossal Dragon that seemed to be working with the Dragonborn for some reason.

But it mattered little to him. That woman, new to Skyrim, was working hard and thinking of his city. Of his people.

And there was nothing he could do to repay all of her hard work. Her, and her friend, Leonidas.

He had recently received news of his Stalhrim shipment having arrived during the morning, and that the Blacksmiths had made it a priority, wishing to use it together with materials from slain Dragons to forge the best possible gear for the man.

All he could do now was watch over everything. Guide his people, but also rely on them. Many of them held better knowledge in a lot of fields he knew nothing about, and he cared not about the costs.

If he had to empty his treasury to ensure his city and people could stand and survive, then he'd do it without second thought.

"My Jarl." Irileth's voice reaches his ears, and Balgruuf allows himself to straighten his shoulders and back, "The General is here."

Balgruuf nods and turns around, leaving the balcony that faced the back of his city and the mountains that led to Dawnstar so to walk through the large halls of Dragonsreach.

Irileth stood behind him, relaxed yet ready, but also visibly tired. She had been teaching his new recruits, as his army had grown in size by a great deal due to many young men and women joining to protect their Hold and families.

Balgruuf was proud to have so many proper Nord brothers and sisters.

As his father used to say; "A Nord only has lived a fulfilling life when they die with a bloodied weapon in hand, a smile on their face, and a belly filled with proper Nord mead."

And then the old fart went and keeled over during a bathroom break. What a way to go.

Stepping within his throne room with a smile on his bearded face, Balgruuf did not head towards his throne, but instead towards the tall aged man boasting the thick embroidered Imperial Armor.

For this once, he was not meeting the man as a Jarl, but as a fellow brother in arms, for he and Tullius had shared many battlefields during the Great War. "Tullius, old friend." The Nord greeted his old friend by clasping his hand in a tight and strong grip, warm smiles on both of their faces. "I hope everything has been well in Solitude?"

"It could be better, but the Hold is working as hard as possible to reinforce itself." The old general muses, then grins when he nods back towards the entrance doors to Dragonsreach, "Not as hard as your people, though."

Balgruuf sighs deeply at that and moves, leading the way to enjoy a walk around his home with his old friend, "I've tried to make them take some rest days, but…"

"Let me guess, they told you to fuck off?"

"One drunk Nord walked in, called me a bitch, told me to fuck off, took a swig of his mead and then passed out right then and there." Tullius barks out a loud peal of laughter as Balgruuf shakes his head with a smile, "Irileth didn't know whether she should have been amused, or mad."

"Bah, that woman has to relax a bit!" Neither men had the guts to turn around and face said woman, of course. They could feel her eyes burn holes through their backs.

"Are you sure you wish to hold the Moot here, Balgruuf?" The General suddenly asks, and the Jarl nods without wasting time about thinking over such a thing.

"It is time we put a stop to this needless carnage between brothers and sisters of the Empire. Ulfric will be stopped, one way or the other." Of that, Balgruuf was sure off. "I am surprised you don't have a Thalmor tailing you, by the way."

At that, a strange expression crosses Tullius' face as he comes to a stop, "Say, old friend…" The General starts, brows furrowed, "Have you had any problems with Vampires, recently?"

Balgruuf furrows his brows at the strange question, and he swiftly turns his head to Irileth. The woman shakes her head in the negative, "None that I have been made aware of. Why do you ask?"

Tullius mulls over his words, then sighs deeply, "The Thalmor Embassy… Every Thalmor there was slaughtered, drained of their blood. The corpses were discovered in the morning of last Turdas. Elenwen and all the other High-Ranking Thalmor officials were dead."

Balgruuf sighs and rubs his temples, already feeling the wrath of the Thalmor that would soon descend upon Skyrim to find these Vampires and exterminate them.

Just with how Ulfric brought the damn Elves to Skyrim back with his fuck-up in Markarth, now the damn Vampires will make a literal army descend upon their land.

"The mountains near Solitude are soon going to be swarmed with Thalmor Agents…" Tullius sighs, then shrugs, "Hopefully, they slaughter each other as much as possible. It is time they are the ones that suffer a bit."

On that Balgruuf could agree, "What else do you need to tell me, my friend?" The Jarl asks, knowing that this was not a visit just for the two friends to enjoy a chat like in the past.

Tullius nods and comes to a halt in his steps once more, "The Moot will be held at the end of this month… And someone else will preside over it, due to Skyrim currently lacking a High King."

Balgruuf furrows his brows. His first thought was a possible ploy from Elisif to try and enrage Ulfric during the Moot, but Tullius looks… Worried. Anxious, even.

"Who will preside over the Moot?"

Tullius gulps, breathes in, then answers.

"The Emperor."


A.N. Time to suplex the Emperor and get a measly 20k gold- I mean, what?

Anyway, short chapter to show the kind of bullshit stuff Leo will learn from Kara.

Hope y'all enjoyed it!

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on. com /SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, donstar260, Levky and 1,322 others
Musashi-Chan
Feb 25, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 34 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Mar 4, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,872
The Falmer were still throwing one hell of a tantrum within their temporary cage.

They had fully tore down the rock wall blocking them from swarming Winterhold, but now they were trapped behind my immense frozen wall that they tried and failed to break through.

By the estimate of some of the senior miners, they guessed that the Falmer would break through within a month's time due to how persistent they were.

But even then, the opening gained would be too small for them to lead a full-scale invasion of the city.

No matter what happens, the Falmer won't have any advantage in this attack unless the Dragon leading them takes action himself to blast open an immense opening in the mountain.

Kara theorized that Vulthuryol is testing the waters. The Dragon is a cunning yet cautious one, and won't take action unless it only sees a guaranteed victory.

The fact that it is being so careful very likely means it is unaware of Lah's and Kara's situations. It doesn't know that neither of them are around to protect Winterhold or stand against him.

The whole mining site was hollowed out within a day, all the gear and structures dismantled and dragged out so to allow the guards to set up a perimeter.

Walls, towers for archers and mages, spikes for traps and diving the possible waves of Falmers, and many other traps like burning oil and whatnot.

I've heard a lot of crazed giggling and pleased murmurs about 'fuckin' them pale bitches up', telling me how deep the hate for the Falmer goes.

So much so that the whole of Winterhold is awaiting for this battle and the chance to kill so many of them.

It is sad that the hollowed out mountain can't just be dropped on the army of Falmer, lest it does more damage to Winterhold- And also possibly closes the entrance to Blackreach.

While I've revealed its existence to Ancano and said that there are several entrances to it all across Skyrim, I do not wish to have him gain access to this one.

For I am sure that he'll contact plenty of his buddies – and while that will give me reason enough to just kill them all, it could cause a lot of annoying problems I do not wish to deal with.

Hence, by best options right now is to kill Ancano somewhere no one will notice. Make it so he just disappears out of nowhere, simple as that.

He has been amusing, but bullying him gets old quickly. All he does is just more posturing, more grumbling, more sneering, and more useless threats using his status that nobody gives a fuck about.

He is a decent mage, but nowhere near the likes of Krosis, and Hildr swiftly surpassed that Dragon Priest and is just growing stronger and stronger each passing day.

At least he generously gifted us a very wonderful room, so there's that. Once I get the chance, I'll get rid of him and clean away his filth from the College.

Though I could also use him as a guinea pig, now that I think about.

I have so many questions on magic that I wish to test out and find answers for. Like if it is possible to rip a limb off someone and then reattach it, but on another location on the body, and see if magic fuckery makes it work still.

And then make a new arm regrow. The same for fingers, or bones, or even eyes.

I've heard of Undead monstrosities with multiple limbs, after all, but I am curious to see if it can work on a living being too. I'm sure Ancano would look much better as some kind of circus attraction.

It would be amusing too, in my opinion. Turning the idiotic, arrogant man into some kind of walking Eldritch monstrosity with many arms, eyes, and-

"Leo?" I perk up with a hum, twirling the colorful pencil in my right hand almost absentmindedly as I turn towards Hildr, her form lazily lounging on my bed, with her long dark-red hair spilling everywhere. "Finally, I've been calling you for the past minute."

She huffs in amusement as she closes the notebook I gave her with all of Kara's teachings, with said woman having gone off to 'sleep'. Basically a type of stasis she puts herself in each day so to both not go insane from her lack of sleep and food, and to recover her Magicka.

Still… My thoughts come to a screeching halt, and I remain staring at Hildr. Not because of her striking beauty that always draws my gaze when I am distracted, but because I suddenly realize where my thoughts had ended up.

What in the actual fuck was I thinking about…?

I hear Hildr call for me again, the amused and lazy smile on her face disappearing in an instant as she sits up on my bed while I lean back on my chair.

Now that I think about it, I've really changed a lot. My joyful and weird way of speaking is gone, I resort to violence to amuse myself, I've taken lives without blinking or flinching or feeling much regret, just excusing it with a childish 'they are bad, I am good' mentality.

I am deteriorating, mentally wise. How many times did my thoughts stray towards needless violence and torture, towards things that would make Sheogorath smile and see fit to add to his insane realm.

Guess having a very active imagination is biting me in the ass now, huh?

"Sorry." I start with a deep sigh, wishing I could pinch the bridge of my nose and rub my eyes. Or even close them. "My thoughts had gone down a… very horrible route."

Hildr's lone eye narrows in worry at my words, "You've… Become more quiet, recently." She points out, making my shoulders sag. I was hoping certain changes about me wouldn't be noticeable, but… "I don't like this, Leo." Standing up, Hildr places a comforting hand on my shoulder, yet I can't feel that touch.

"Are you sure we can't go to Saarthal just yet?" I shake my head in the negative, making her sigh deeply.

"I'd love to say that I know what we can expect this time, but I do not." I wish I could rub my temples right now. How the fuck do I even have a headache? "Besides Undead Atmorans juiced up on Magicka, there might be other things we do not expect."

There are so many changes to this world that just force me to restrain myself and be careful.

It's not like in the game, where I can just stop time to scarf down a billion wheels of cheese and seven bottles of wine and Skooma so that then I can keep getting my shit ran by a Skeleton on Legendary Difficulty.

I do not wish to be passive and take one careful step at a time, but I am forced to do so at the moment.

"I'll keep being careful until there is no risk to your life." I sigh out, chuckling softly when Hildr huffs with a dark flush on her cheeks. Cute. "Plus, I'd rather we wait for Aurelia too. Her help will be invaluable."

A strange expression crosses over Hildr's face for about a second before it vanishes, making me unable to really guess what that meant as she turns to go back and sit on my bed.

"I still don't like having to wait so long to help you." I shrug at her words, earning me an adorable yet angry pout.

"And I do not want to put you in needless danger."

Hildr scoffs and crosses both her arms and her long legs, "First, it won't be needless, because it is for you." If I could smile, I'd have an ear-splitting grin right now, "Second, I am not a damsel that needs to be protected, you know?"

I shrug once more, "You are someone I care about-" She flushes darkly at that, "-So even if you were stronger than the World-Eater himself, I'd still try and protect you."

Hildr lowers her head and grumbles under her breath, knowing that she thoroughly lost. Still, I love that she worries about me so much.

"Then what are we going to do?"

I cross my own legs and arms with a hum, "For now, you keep training. Master the Original Runes of each of your Spells, and let's see how far we can push them."

"I'll get down the Original Rune of my own Spells, put them on Scrolls, and then have them delivered to Whiterun." A few dozen Terra Santa for Whiterun are a must.

I'll also write down a fun little plan for Farengar and the army. I will send a crap load of Anodyne scrolls for the plan to work, though.

If it even does work. But knowing how Nords are? It'll likely work, and then Whiterun will have an army of Saitama on their side.

"Right, we still got the Falmer issue." Hildr grumbles, then blinks when I shake my head.

"Winterhold will be able to handle that threat now that they are prepared. And we can easily tear that army apart with a single Spell." Which is what makes the whole thing weird for me.

The Dragon shouldn't know of the divide between the College and the people of Winterhold. The guards and the civilians won't ask help from the College now that this issue that is a threat to the city has risen.

If it is normal tasks like go and kill this Frost Troll or those idiots blocking the road, then yes, they will ask for help mainly out of laziness.

But when it comes to pride? When it comes to that, the Nord of the city will not ask help from the College and will want to deal with the whole Falmer army by themselves.

I'm sure I can worm my way in due to my friendship with Old Rob, but that would also be pushing things.

What exactly is this fucking Dragon trying to do?

I let my gaze drift towards the window behind my desk, which faces the direction of a certain island I've visited nearly every day for the past two months.

"I don't like it when you are quiet." Hildr states softly from my bed, and I chuckle lightly.

"I've just decided on something. That's all."

I'll get everything for Whiterun done within the week – I'll have to pay the Merchant Guild a visit for a massive load of paper – then, once my new gear arrives, I'll be ready.

"And what's that?"

If I could smile, I'd give Hildr the biggest grin I could.

"I'm going on the island, and do what I do best."

Hildr blanches, "What you do best is antagonizing people, though…?"

"Exactly."

Time to see what makes Deinmaar tick.

~~XXX~~​

"But I don't wanna remain locked inside!" Gretel whines, stomping her food on the ground with as much strength she could muster, though it only ended up making her foot go numb than intimidate.

Aela stares down at her with a glare and hands on her hips, though Gretel did not flinch, for only her older sister could terrify her with a glare, "Young lady, this is serious."

"I'm not going to stab Ulfric, I promise!" The young red haired girl promises, two of her fingers crossed behind her back.

"Why are you crossing your fingers behind your back?" Farkas dumbly questions, and Gretel scowls and curses under her breath, having forgotten the giant man was behind her. "Why are you glaring at me now?"

Oh she was going to put a spider in his bed one of these nights. A giant Frost Spider, to be exact.

"It is not about that, Gretel." Aela sighs, pinching the bridge of her nose in exasperation, "I wouldn't give a damn if you stabbed Ulfric in the dick or whatever. Hell, the entire city would love you if you did it-"

"But the city already loves me." Gretel points out, remembering the many gifts – bribes and offerings of peace – that kept being left at the door of her home.

"-Anyway." Aela stresses, and Gretel slumps down with a pout, "Things could, and will, get dangerous."

Gretel's eyes narrow, being very smart despite her age, and easily reading through the lines, "You think Ulfric will try something?"

The Moot was around the corner, soon to be held in Dragonsreach, and some of the Jarls had already arrived, each with their own group of personal guards.

Aela sneers, "It's Ulfric, of course he'll try something." Her gaze strays away, moving from Gretel towards the distant and towering Dragonsreach, "Like hell he is going to let the chance of all enemy Jarls being before him go."

Gretel wondered what honor there would be in that. Attacking others during a formal meeting, instead of a duel.

But then again, she remembers how Ulfric broke the vow he had taken with the Greybeards to Shout apart High King Torygg. A man that breaks a vow in such a manner held no honor, and should be given none.

"Fine, I won't go out." Gretel finally sighs and admits defeat, knowing that this would also greatly worry her sister and the others.

Aela smiles and relaxes at that, "When things go bad…" Aela pauses for a second, mulling over her next words carefully, "And only if you are in danger… Then you can go Werewolf to protect yourself."

The near feral grin that spreads across Gretel's face spells ill for any that might try her during the chaos, and Aela doesn't even bother offering them a prayer.

With a pat on the head, Aela sends the girl away to her home, knowing that several Companions with a sweet spot for her would would keep an eye on her house. Them and quite a few guards.

Despite her antics, many had grown to love Gretel within Whiterun. Mainly because her antics were calculated, and they always targeted those bad apples within the city.

Someone had a nasty personality and never got along with everyone? A quick visit from Gretel would swiftly turn them into people that loved everyone but the little red-haired demon.

Hell, Aula had heard many rumors of many paying Gretel just to have her pay someone a visit that would change their lives.

What nightmares the girl unleashed upon these people, Aela never found out. No one dared mention such things, and the guards always drank away whatever they saw at the crime scene until they forget the whole week's events.

"What do we do?" Farkas questions, shoulders and muscular arms tense. Aela couldn't blame him.

The air just felt… different. The hair on the back of her neck stood on end, and her nerves refused to relax.

"We stay on guard." Aela offers as she gazes towards Dragonsreach, bow and arrows made with Dragon Scales at the ready.

The loud roar of a horn rings across Whiterun, signaling the arrival of the final Jarl. Ulfric Stormcloak himself.

The bustling city falls into a quiet, and even the loud halls of Dragonsreach fall silent as they await the arrival of the final Jarl. The one the majority had been waiting for.

The middle of the large hall had been changed to house a massive circular table with a total of ten large chairs around it, each bearing a large flag of its respective Hold behind it and before it, laid upon the table.

The throne lay empty, covered by a long flag bearing the mark of Whiterun's Hold.

Eight of the nine seats already lay taken, and behind each Jarl stood their Housecarl and Court Mage, though some had a third follower. Be it a guard, or General Tullius himself for Elisif the Fair.

Taking in the tense hall, Jarl Balgruuf turns his gaze towards the Jarl of Solitude, a gentle gaze within his eyes. The widowed wife of Torygg lay with her back straight against her chair, a fiery determination within her gaze.

Balgruuf remembers meeting the woman many years ago, before the Civil War, and before Torygg's honorable yet unneeded death.

She was a bright, cheerful woman beloved by her court, and even more loved by her husband. The two had expressed a deep desire for a large family… A desire that now won't be granted due to the actions of another.

His gaze then moves Idgrod Ravencrone, supporter of the Imperials, but with little care for the Civil War as long as it has little effect on her Hold.

Then his gaze moves to Igmund, Jarl of Markarth, from where the whole Civil War started from.

Many blamed the man and his father for the war. For it was them that enlisted Ulfric's help to free the city from the now known Forsworn, granting Ulfric free worship of Talos should he succeed.

And he did through many horrid actions, from what Balgruuf heard a great many times.

The returning Imperial Legion then was refused entry to Markarth, and from there, the whole situation escalated and just kept growing worse and worse.

Moving his gaze away, Balgruuf gazes at someone who shouldn't be here. Dengeir of Stuhn, former Jarl of Falkreath.

Siddgeir was supposed to sit in that chair, yet somehow… The Jarl of Falkreath had changed within these past months, and no one had received word.

Dengeir was always a paranoid old man, and Balgruuf hoped his paranoia did not make the man turn on his own family just to support Ulfric.

His gaze then flies past Brina Merilis, new Jarl of Dawnstar, replacing Skald the Elder.

Then Laila Law-Giver, then finally Jarl Korir. A part of Balgruuf wanted to ask the man for any possible run-in with Leonidas just so he could relish on the man's suffering, but then he remembers how deeply Korir hates Mages and the College of Winterhold.

He had never understood why the whole Hold of Winterhold is not seen as 'Important' by many of his fellow Jarls. Balgruuf believes it might be because it was founded by an outsider far in the past, and to this day stands as one of the oldest Holds in Skyrim, if not the oldest.

"Jarl Ulfric Stormcloak of Windhelm has arrived." A powerful voice announces from the main open doors to Dragonsreach, followed by a series of heavy steps as everyone around the table straightens and grows tense.

Balgruuf can see Jarl Elisif hide her trembling clenched hands below the table and above her knees, her stormy face falling back into an emotionless stare that hid the fury deep within her.

Soon, Ulfric's form comes into view as he rises from the steps leading to the hall and large table. His shoulders were raised high and tall, appearing wide and strong, and his steps were confident and calm.

His bearded face was unreadable, and his eyes barely sweep across the gathered Jarls as walks to his seat.

Balgruuf flicks his gaze towards his followers. Wuunferth the Court Mage and Galmar Stone-Fist the Housecarl… And a third man, a Stormcloak soldier.

One who met Balgruuf's gaze, sending a jolt down his spine. Skald, Balgruuf realizes.

Brina seems aware of his real identity too, so Balgruuf merely leans back and acts like he saw nothing, despite the fact he fears for a soon-to-happen assassination attempt.

And of course, that is when Ulfric opens his damn mouth, "You've aged, Elisif." The man comments, making the much younger woman draw in a sharp intake of air through her nostrils.

"And you still live, unfortunately." The widowed woman answers back, her voice as cold as the waters near her city, "How does it feel like, I wonder?" Elisif questions, making Ulfric raise a lone confused brow, "Living with the fact that you ran, while the countless innocent lives of Helgen were reaped by a Dragon when you could have done something."

Her voice brings chills down the spine of each person within the hall, her words sharper than any blade could ever hope to be, "You can use the power of the Voice to murder my husband, but fighting a Dragon to save the sons and daughters of Skyrim is too much for you, it seems."

Balgruuf could see Ulfric clench his jaw and start to grow irate, but Elifis only smiles coldly at the sight and keeps going, tilting her head to gaze at the General standing behind me, "Tell me, General… How many Imperials-" She stresses the word out by raising her voice, "-Died to try and fight off that beast?"

The General answered in a powerful and heavy voice, "More than three hundred, my Jarl." The veteran stresses out, "Of the army of five-hundred that I had left after ambushing and capturing Ulfric Stormcloak, less than one hundred remain. The same amount lay crippled and unable to battle due to the burns they suffered from the attack."

With a swift and decisive movement, the General flicks his armor open, moves the chest-plate to the side, then raises the thick clothing beneath to reveal the muscular chest below, and the massive nasty burn that took up more than half of his left side. "I nearly died myself, were it not for the sacrifice of many of my brother-in-arms, and proper Nords of Helgen."

His gaze, now hard and near furious, "One such Nord was a child, bawling his eyes out for his parents, as he dragged me out from beneath burning rubble."

Balgruuf sighs deeply, feeling the atmosphere within his throne room already grow tense and full of hostility. But he had expected this to happen.

So, he slams his palm down upon the table before him, "We all have grievances due to this useless and needless Civil War." Balgruuf states aloud, his palm smoothing over the flag of Whiterun's Hold before him, "But this Moot has been called to either call a ceasefire until the much bigger threat is handled, or put a stop to this war once and for all."

Ulfric shakes his head with a scoff, "This war is for the greater good of Skyrim and its future. It will not be put on hold."

Balgruuf slams his fist on the table with enough force to shake it whole, "The Dragons threaten to lay waste upon our homes and you care only about an empty fucking title?!" He bellows with enough force to make all within the hall flinch back, "What future is there for Skyrim when all our brothers and sisters lay dead, scorched and unrecognizable, or chewed up within the stomach of a Dragon!?"

"What future is there for Skyrim when one of its own children is destroying it from within because he just doesn't give a fuck!?"

"Answer me, Ulfric!" The wood beneath his fist cracks and splinters as Balgruuf flares his nostrils, "What fucking future are you dreaming about?"

Instead of answering, the Jarl of Windhelm merely scoffs, "So you have decided to stand against me now, Jarl Balgruuf?"

Balgruuf laughs. It is a cruel and derisive laugh. "You send me a declaration of war and expect me to stand by you when you threaten my people?" Balgruuf sneers, "I stood shoulder and shoulder with you during the Great War to kill the enemies of the Empire. I won't stand shoulder and shoulder with you to kill mine own brothers and sisters."

If it came down to it, Balgruuf won't hesitate to do what is right. He won't hesitate to send that letter.

He won't hesitate to ask Leonidas to kill Ulfric, like he offered.

He would hate to do so, but after Leonidas had told him of how Alduin gains strength, and that Ulfric's actions only make the damn beast stronger… Balgruuf would easily put the lives of many over the life of someone who is too blind to see the harm they are doing.

From his right, Elisif sneers, "This war is already as good as over." She proclaims, a cold, cunning smile spreading across her face, "How has that crown treated you so far, I wonder?"

Her voice is tinged with pure amusement, "Has it granted you mysterious and miraculous powers like legends say?" She laughs, wiggling her fingers in the air mockingly, "Or has it only drained your funds and left you begging on the streets for pocket change from your people?"

Ulfric flares his nostrils, and Elisif laughs, "It pleases me greatly to see such a look on your face, Ulfric." The woman states, baring her teeth in satisfaction and cruel pleasure, "I will make you bleed for murdering my dear Torygg. That I swear upon the Divines watching over us."

"Again with this 'murder'…" The Jarl of Windhelm groans, palming his face in exasperation, but to also hide his growing fury, "It was a duel. One he had agreed to-"

"It was murder!" Elisif screams, cutting the man off and making him flinch as her palms slam on the table before her, "My dear Torygg respected you! He would have blindly sided with you! Yet you challenge a man not even twenty winters old and Shout him apart!"

"He knew he was going to die against you, yet he faced his death proudly, his honor unstained- And yet I did not have a corpse to weep over! A corpse to bury! Because you could not fight like a man, but fought like a coward!"

This time it was Ulfric's turn to slam his fist down on the table, unable to restrain his anger any longer, "It was a duel like the Old Nord Ways and he knew it! And I did not Shout him apart, but on the ground, and finished him off with my sword!"

Elisif lets out a cruel, mocking laugh, "Yes, boast about how you felled a man that never held a sword in his life."

Ulfric sneers, "Killing Torygg proved my point. Skyrim has grown so weak that now it elects a boy for High-King, instead of a man that knows how to hold a sword!" Standing from his seat, Ulfric looks down upon all the gathered Jarls, "So what if I Shouted him apart? So what if I used the Voice against him? It is an honorable art of war-"

"'Before the Sky, thou shall vow silence.'" A powerful and heavy voice suddenly cuts in, echoing across the whole hall and coming from the open doors of Dragonsreach.

Ulfric's face blanches, and General Tullius stands straighter than before.

"'Before the Sky, thou shall vow not to kill with thine Voice.'" The steps grew louder. Heavier.

Four towering guards of Whiterun, clad in heavy, bulky and fearsome Draconplate Armor flanked an elder clad in bright golden armor with a long crimson cape bearing the near-glowing with Imperial symbol on it.

"'Thine vow is Eternal. Thine Voice a gift.'" The heavy gaze of the Emperor falls upon Ulfric, and the man's knees visibly buckle beneath the weight of the gaze alone.

Stepping forward, the Emperor moves to walk past Ulfric, "The vow has, by thine own hand, been broken." The aged Emperor's voice is quiet, almost feeble, yet still powerful enough to shake Ulfric to his core, "Do you know, Ulfric Stormcloak…"

Each of his steps was heavy, causing his heavy armor to rattle as the imposing Emperor walks around the table, arms crossed behind his back, head lowered to stare at the ground before his feet.

"Each time the Nords have used the Voice during a War… They never won." The Emperor points out, "The Battle of Red Mountain ended with a loss, despite Jurgen Windcaller himself leading the armies."

"After the loss, he became a pacifist, convinced that the Gods were disappointed with Nords using the Voice for War. He founded the Greybeards, and the Order still stands to this day."

Walking past Tullius, the Emperor smiles at his General and gives the man a pat on the shoulder that shakes the man on his feet. "Do you know who else tried to use the Voice for War and failed, Ulfric?"

Slowly, the Emperor's gaze moves back to gaze at the Jarl of Windhelm, "Emperor Tiber Septim himself."

A mocking smile spreads across the Emperor's aged face, "And he failed. Over and over." His armored shoulders shrug, "He created the Imperial College of the Voice in many places. Few still stand to this day. I believe the one in Markarth is also gone, yes?" The Jarl of Markarth gulps and nods, unable to bear the weight of the Emperor's mere glance.

"I believe that is proof enough, yes?" Shaking his head, the elderly Emperor sighs deeply, returning his hands to his back, "But lessons must be learned the hard way. And this foolish rebellion of yours is one, I guess. I just wish it was one of those lessons that didn't come at the cost of countless innocent lives."

Unable to remain silent and with a bent back, Ulfric straightens himself and gulps heavily before speaking up, "I truly believe that Skyrim's future will be brighter once it secedes from the Empire-"

"And then what?" The Emperor cuts Ulfric off, voice light yet stern, his eyes not even glancing towards the younger man as he keeps pacing slowly around the table, "The Thalmor will pounce upon Skyrim the very second you gain this 'Freedom', and you expect to fend them off?"

"You expect to succeed where the whole Empire failed?" The Emperor did not sneer, but his words were basically one.

The heavy steps started slowing, "You start a rebellion. You weaken the Empire and Skyrim. You give the Thalmor access to Skyrim through your own actions. You bring death and divide your own people." The Emperor comes to a stop before the throne of Whiterun, his head held high to stare at the Dragon Skull above the throne.

"Answer me this, Ulfric Stormcloak of Windhelm, son of Hoag Stormcloak, the Great Bear of Eastmarch…" The Emperor's hand gently strokes over the Whiterun flag laying upon the throne, his powerful voice shaking the hall.

Slowly, he turns around and walks to the table, where he stops and straightens his back to stare down at Ulfric with a gaze that could crush lesser man.

"Why should you leave this hall with your head still upon your shoulders?"

The thick silence that fell upon the hall only lasted but a few moments.

And was then horribly brought to an end by the powerful blaring of several horns all across Whiterun.

Balgruuf stands, eyes wide in horror as he recognizes the warning.

A Runner rushes above the steps, pale in the face, and pure horror within his young eyes, "My Jarl! Dragons! In the sky!" The boy nearly screams, collapsing on his knees as he breathes in and out harshly.

"Dozens of them!"

And soon, roars joined the chilling sound of the horns blaring across all of Whiterun.

~~XXX~~​

The coin is flicked in the air, then falls back into my palm. Soon after, I smack it on the counter table.

"Ten heads in a row." Old Rob whistles when I draw my claw-like gauntlet-clad hand back, "Damn lucky son of a bitch, you are."

I chuckle at that and push the Septim towards him, "Guess the Gods want me to go through with it." Old Rob takes the coin with a rumbling hum.

He flicks it, it lands in his palm, then back on the table. Heads, again. "Seems like so." He muses before pulling back, his lone working eye flicking up towards me, "You sure you wanna do whatever it is that has left you hesitating so much?"

I shrug. All my previous confidence just evaporated when I left the College.

Kara had recently wake up again, and she stills that my plan is stupid, but worth taking a shot at.

Hildr doesn't want me to go through with it, too worried it might be too much.

So, when I started hesitating, I turned to the Gods. Ten heads in a row, and I'll go.

I did it. Five times in a row.

Honestly, this might just be Sheogorath bullying me because I have not offered him a wheel of cheese this past week. It is quite the rare delicacy here in Skyrim, after all.

"I must." I answer Old Rob's question, and he picks up a mug while another rumbling hum leaves him.

He wipes at the mug for a few quiet seconds before speaking up, "Want an old man's advice?" He speaks up, voice oddly gentle and void of the bark he always has.

I perk up and straighten my back before giving him a slow nod.

"Just do it." My shoulders sag, and he chuckles.

"Wow. My life has been changed." I flatly declare in utter 'awe', nearly getting a mug thrown at my masked face for my act.

Shaking his head with a smile, Old Rob lowers his gaze to the mug, "Many folks have a great many regrets in life." His voice is quiet, gentle, "Some resolve them before death. Some take them to the grave. Many die wondering on those possible 'What Ifs' and what could have been."

Slowly, he puts the polished mug down on the counter before me, "A great man once said 'I do it because it is the right thing to do, even if it costs me my life and honor. Even if I must carry this guilt for my whole lifetime, deep down I'll know that I've done the right thing.'"

His fingers grab the Septim coin off the counter top and flick it back in the air. He doesn't catch it.

"He then left." The coin falls inside the mug. It rattles around. "The war was won." It stops rattling.

"He never came back home." I look inside the mug.

Heads.

I look up at Old Rob. He knows.

I breathe in and pull back, "I'll bring him back home." I promise as I stand up, and Old Rob chuckles loudly.

"Tell him a barrel of the finest Nord Mead is waiting for him."

All the people in the tavern cheer, and I can't help but chuckle and shake my head as I leave.

Unbelievable. They all knew. They always have, and always did.

They just hid it. Kept it a secret from anyone and everyone outside of their descendants.

This loyalty… This cannot be faked. Loyalty so strong, so powerful, that it stands strong since the Merethic Era.

I couldn't help the chuckle that once more escapes me as I walk towards the exit of Winterhold. They've been testing me this whole time.

I find that to be… Nice. I like it. I love this loyalty. And I love this desire to help Deinmaar.

I still do not know what he has done, but whatever it is has them convinced that it won the war of the Merethic Era.

I feel like the answer is right before me, but it just keeps slipping between my fingers.

Doesn't matter. I'll find out soon enough.

It won't be peaceful. It won't be through talk. I'll need to punch some sense into the man, making him snap out of whatever depressive abyss he has locked himself into.

We'll come to blows, that is for sure. So I am glad that my gear made it here just in time. It gives me confidence, a great deal of it too.

It's an armored cloak with pants and boots, all forged out of Dragon Scales and bone plates.

The scales were fused together by using Stalhrim, the one I managed to buy through the Merchant Guild several months ago, before leaving Whiterun.

The hood was armored to protect the head, with bone plates and fangs shaped in a way to make it resemble a dragon's skull, the Stalhrim melted over it to give it all a brilliant near sky-blue look, standing out over the dark blue color of the robes, pants and boots.

The sleeves ended in thick, armored bone plate gauntlets resembling menacing claws that are quite sharp too, with the chest area also having quite a few bone plates to protect it, but having been left light so that it fits better as robes than thick and heavy armor.

The Stalhrim stands out, nearly glowing when attached to the robe, still not Enchanted because I haven't really learned much of it yet, and Kara obviously cannot waste Magicka to work on this.

And Farengar did not believe his skills were high enough to work on it either.

Still, it all is cool as fuck, and I love how it came out. I joked about never taking it off, but… Well, I really won't.

And finally, strapped to my back, is my sword. A sword without a blade.

I was very confused for a second when I first held it, until I saw the Stalhrim crystal lodged in the middle of the guard. With Frost Magic channeled through it, a blade will take shape, massively enhanced and strengthened by the Stalhrim crystal.

All in all, perfect gear for me that will further boost my already bullshit Frost Magic.

My thoughts come to a halt the moment my feet touch the ground of the cratered island, the temple entrance laying far ahead of me.

I release the claw of my Werevulture and send it back before breathing in and slowly walking towards the massive doors I've opened a great many times these past months.

I've spent many nights here, just reading books to Deinmaar, or telling him history, or telling him about my home, or about the people I care about.

I've probably talked his ear off. He probably enjoyed the company after all this time.

My hands rise and rest on the doors, and I mimic another deep breath before pushing them open enough for me to walk in.

Once done, I shut them close with a deep rumble, then turn towards Deinmaar's bound form, his head lowered like always.

My steps echo within the statue filled hallway as I approach, staring at his form illuminated by the light coming in from the circular hole in the ceiling.

Slowly, I come to a stop at the end of the hallway, quite a bit of a distance away from him.

Seconds flow by, and when after a minute passes in deep silence, Deinmaar finally lifts his head, the glowing golden chains stabbed into Reality itself rattling from his movement.

His bright red eyes meet my masked face, faint confusion within them. My shoulders sag lightly at the sight.

"An old man in Windhelm said that a barrel of fine mead is waiting for you." I state with a light chuckle, earning me a small tilt of the head from him, "And I promised him that I'd bring you home. Be it kicking or screaming."

His eyes slowly narrow, then close as a deep sigh flows out of him, the most noise I've heard him make so far.

"So… I apologize." I start, and Deinmaar… He nods. "But I am going to walk past you, and towards those stairs, unless you stand up and stop me."

His hands clench into trembling fists. The chain rattle and audibly strain against his flexing arms.

Then, after many months, Deinmaar finally speaks, "Must you force me?" His voice is deep. Powerful.

But kind. Warm. Gentle. Yet strained, filled with pain and sadness.

I lower my head, "I'm sorry."

He sighs deeply, "I know you are." His knees bend, and slowly, the towering Atmoran stands, a fortress of muscles and thick Dragonbone armor.

Now that he is standing tall, I can easily tell that he nearly reaches the three meters in height, and one of his arms alone is nearly the width of my body.

What did they feed this guy?

His hands clench around the golden chains, "I am sorry too." He states gently, before yanking- The chains snap and shatter with a near deafening roar, leaving them to fade into golden motes of light that drift away. "For what I must do."

Rolling his shoulders and making his bones snap and crack, then towering Atmoran then rolls his neck and reaches over to grab his immense greatsword stabbed into the ground.

It crackles with lightning as it is slowly yanked out of the ground, showing that even his weapon is nearly as big as me. And he is holding it with one hand.

"Whatever happens… No hard feelings." For the first time since I met the man, I hear Deinmaar chuckle softly.

"No hard feelings."

Well, now that he has said that-

A deafening crack rips through the air as Draconian Howl bursts out of my hand, a lone finger having snapped up to point at Deinmaar to send the blinding projectile fly-

His massive arm swings through the air and swats the Draconian Howl to the side, sending it ripping and shredding through the side of the temple, then smash into the distant wall of the crater-like island.

…

Huh.

I'm fucked, aren't I?

Yet, despite the sight of my strongest Spell that never failed me before being swatted to the side like its nothing… I'm actually feeling excited by this.

"That Spell…" Deinmaar speaks up, his head turned to stare at the destruction left behind by my Draconian Howl, "It is… Familiar."

I tilt my head at that.

"Konahrik used it too."

Okay… What?


A.N. Worked until the sun rose to deliver this chapter to y'all.

Things. Are. Heating. The. Fuck. Up.

The following next chapters are gonna be action packed, lore packed, and Deinmaar packed because I wanna write lots about him.

Y'all won't know the shit that is about to go down.

Am gonna try to write peak chapter after peak chapter.

Honestly, the rest of this Arc might not even match these series of chapters…

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoy!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, donstar260, Levky and 1,217 others
Musashi-Chan
Mar 4, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 35
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Mar 18, 2025
Add bookmark
#3,949
The temple's entrance explodes like a balloon filled with air being poked with a needle.

A cloud of dust rises high, and debris rain everywhere as a cloaked figure is sent hurling across the island, bouncing off the ground like a pebble skipping on stone.

A lone claw-like gauntlet hammers into the ground, bringing an end to the Leonidas' unconventional flight before a dense chilly mist erupts forth from his form.

The arm dug into the earth swings upward, and the island shakes and rumbles as a gargantuan glacial spike stabs skyward, reaching into the clouds, swallowing more than half of the whole island.

The ocean waters around the island quiver as the sound of icecaps breaking rings out, a near deafening rumble that shakes the very organs of those safe within the walls of Winterhold.

Straightening himself, Leonidas dusts his robes off before taking a step to the side just as his glacial spike shatters into smithereens as a wave of force sweeps past.

Clouds, earth and ocean alike are cleaved apart by a colossal crescent moon-like blade born from the mere swing of a weapon. A show of pure, overwhelming physical might instead of Magic.

Leonidas doesn't even gaze at the destruction left in the wake of that attack and instead tilts his head towards Deinmaar's towering form, now standing within the ruins of his previous prison.

"Not so depressed now, are we?" The cloaked Undead calls out, raising his voice to reach the towering Atmoran within the ruins, "Depressed enough to not do jack shit for entire Eras, but not enough to stop ya from killing a very curious tourist, huh?"

Within his mind, Leonidas decided that he had to be an asshole. That he needed to push and antagonize Deinmaar as much as possible. Make him talk and vent, and use that as ammunition to further anger him.

Deinmaar remained still, like a towering mountain within a storm, "I am a Dragon Priest no longer." The giant of a man shakes his head, his voice tinged with regret.

Leonidas shrugs without care, "Obviously. Your order got fucked up the ass during the Merethic Era after Alduin got his shit rocked across Time and Space… But unfortunately, the big winged cunt is back! And that's on us!"

The Atmoran tilts his head and rolls his shoulders, "Us?" He questions, and Leonidas laughs and raises his hands up high as he keeps walking, the towering man's gaze never leaving his form.

"Oh, I'm sorry for including you! I'm sure you want to go back to being fucking useless for a couple more Eras, if we'll even have them." A clawed finger jabs in a certain direction, aimed straight towards the out-of-view Winterhold, "I'm sure you still won't give a fuck when Dragons come to raze down the very City you helped build and use the people living there as a late afternoon snack."

A creaking and popping noise rings out as Deinmaar clenches his hands, a deep breath filling his lungs, "Why are you doing this?"

His mind struggled to wrap itself around the robed man before him now, and the one that kept visiting him each night, for entire months.

One was warm, friendly, and overflowing with humor.

This one… This one was cold. Ruthless.

"Why are you doing this?" He questions softly, yet his voice still reaches the Undead far across the ruined landscape.

Leonidas laughs in response, "Why are you doing this?!" He shouts right back, stopping his walk to fully face Deinmaar, "Fucking talk to me! Or talk to them!" Once more, his finger jabs towards Winterhold, "Those people need you! I can't fucking be everywhere to protect everyone!"

Deinmaar straightens himself faintly in surprise as he catches that faint hint of desperation within Leonidas voice. That faint hint of fear.

It was like staring at his younger self. A proud man who swore to protect everyone. To uphold justice against those abusing their powers to make others suffer.

A very old part of him, deep within his chest, stirs at the sight of someone in need of help. The old Deinmaar would have already been beside them, ready to offer assistance.

But the current Deinmaar closes his eyes and hangs his head, and Leonidas clenches his hands into fists at the sight.

"Fine." The Undead nods, "Dragging you off this dumb rock it is, then."

A sharp whistle- Deinmaar's eyes widen as he stumbles back, left shoulder hanging back from a near-deafening impact that nearly kicked him on his ass- Thick ice cloaks his armor and body before he can even fully straighten himself.

It takes but a flex of his body to shatter it, but inwardly Deinmaar shivers deeply. The cold… It latched onto him, and refused to leave. It dug deep into his flesh, blood and very bone marrow.

Roaring flames wash forth with a flick of his wrist and swing of his blade, scorching the ground black in a split-second, yet the heat does not drive away the cold.

Instead, Leonidas takes a step within his conjured conflagration and freezes it solid together with his body.

A shuddering breath leaves Deinmaar's lips, his lungs aching and his body shivering as a dense mist shrouds the whole island, hiding it from view.

'What terrifying Frost Magic…' Deinmaar muses internally, feeling his fingers go numb from the sheer cold that presses down upon him.

Slowly, Leonidas' shorter form stops right before Deinmaar once more, unafraid of the immense might the Dragon Priest wields or of being within range of his deadly greasword.

The Mask of a fallen comrade stares back at him, and rage slowly warms Deinmaar's chest as he breathes in through his nostrils. "I will not leave my post." He declares as he raises his greatsword, embers flicking to life all around his body.

Soon, an inferno blooms to life, crimson flames going blue then turning a blinding white, yet the cold and mist weren't fully driven away.

A pillar of blinding flames pierced into the heavens, and Deinmaar stood in the middle of it, the bedrock below him bubbling and melting beneath the heat of his flames.

The Mask of his deceased comrade lights up, and the whole island is swallowed by a conflagration of sky-blue flames. The howls of those flames was chilling, akin to wailing ghosts straight out of someone's worst nightmare.

Cold and hot flames clashed, hissing violently as the two wielders just stared at each other without flinching.

Deinmaar squeezed his hands into tight fists to stop their trembling, the cold stabbing deep into his despite the cocoon of flames wrapped around his form.

He doubted that even swimming into a volcano would drive away this terrifying cold feeling that leeched into his bones.

Slowly, he breathes out. His sword wielding arm moves to hold the immense blade before his chest, his other hand joining to grab the handle and squeeze down on it.

Royal blue sparks bloomed to life within the cocoon of white-hot flames, the deep rumbles of distant thunder echoing forth as pillars of lightning flashed into existence, making the waters around the island surge and quiver.

And slowly, flames and thunder alike merged and became one. The heat skyrocketed.

The ocean started boiling and the island started melting as blinding plasma howled into existence, resembling a star walking the earth, blinding any staring towards the battle from the walls of Winterhold.

Arcs of plasma flew in all direction, melting chunks off the island with laughable ease as Deinmaar swings his greatsword to the side and stomps forward, resuming the battle that had barely started.

His foot crashes into the earth with enough force behind it to crater it, that lone leap bringing him further into Leonidas personal space, greatsword made out of dragon bones and Ebony cleaving through the air ruthlessly.

A lone claw-like gauntlet rises to meet that attack, glacial winds and roaring azure flames wrapped around that robed limb. "Krah-!" A lone Draconic Chant echoes out before Deinmaar saw white.

From that lone palm erupted a colossal beam of pure Frost and Cold flames that swallowed half of the island and split the ocean, leaving enormous icebergs and a frozen landscape in its wake.

Deinmaar roars through the pain of the frost stabbing into his flesh and blood and kicks forward, his boot smashing into Leonidas' chest and sending the robed man flying once more.

But the Undead just laughs and creates a column of ice for himself to smash into and stop his flight instantly, his form rising without problem nor care, "You won't leave your post, huh?" He questions aloud, and Deinmaar feels the hair on the back of his neck stand on end at the tone of his voice, "What if you don't have a post to guard anymore?"

A lone clawed finger stretched out, first pointing towards Deinmaar… Then aimed downward.

"Don't you dare-!" His shout came too late. A Draconian Howl howled to life and pierced into the earth, shaking the island down to its foundation and stabbing a hole into its bowels.

Deinmaar saw red, a roar of fury leaving his lips as he crosses the distance with two lone leaps, his greatsword cleaving the sound-barrier apart as it crashes down towards Leonidas's head.

Only for the Mage to duck beneath the predictable swing with laughable ease and step within Deinmaar's personal space, right arm fully drawn back and right hand clenched into a fist wrapped in Cold Flames and howling Frost Magic.

A Draconian Howl Origin Rune blooms into existence upon Leonidas' knuckles just as his fist crashes into Deinmaar's stomach, making the man's eyes widen as his body is bent and lifted off the ground from the surprisingly immense force of the blow.

Then the Origin Rune explodes with force, and Deinmaar grunts in pain as an ear-splitting crack pulverizes their surroundings and sends his huge form flying across the island.

After so long of not fighting and not having been in a battle, all of his senses had grown dull. The immense pain nearly blinded him, especially coupled with the insane cold that just refuses to leave his form despite being cloaked in blinding plasma.

With a grunt, his fingers lash out, melting trenches through the earth to stop his momentum, yet he soon hisses and coughs heavily as he stands, his free hand holding his stomach.

"You remind me of myself. Before I came to Skyrim." Leonidas's voice reaches his ears, but Deinmaar sees only dense and thick mist when he looks up. "I had a dream. A simple one, really. I just needed to push myself and study hard enough to achieve it."

His voice was gentle, yet seemed to come from everywhere as the dense mist drew closer, "And in my mind, I though I really did. That I worked as hard as I could… Yet I failed. I failed to achieve that dream."

"Wanna know what I did next?" Slowly, Deinmaar straightens himself, adjusting his labored breathing as his gaze flicks around to spot his adversary through the dense mist. "Take a guess. Talk to me."

Deinmaar wets his lips and breathes in, "You gave up?" A 'Ding! Ding! Ding!' sound comes from the man beyond the mist.

"Got it in one! Bravo!" Leonidas chuckles, "Pathetic of me, no? I could have tried twice, thrice- I could have kept trying so many times… But instead I gave up. I got depressed."

"And then I started doing things that I thought helped me with my depression, but in reality they just distracted me from it. It was an escape from a cruel Reality I had to face."

The Atmoran grits his teeth and narrows his eyes, "What does that have anything to do with me…?" He questions, despite hating the fact that he already knows the answer.

For he and Leonidas were alike.

"It has everything to do with you, but you can ignore that, if you want." Deinmaar couldn't bring himself to do that. Not anymore. Not when it is shoved directly in his face.

"Whatever happened here fills you with guilt. With a pain that I can only even imagine." Leonidas' voice is comforting, and Deinmaar forces down the urge the smile, "But instead of working through it, of even trying to find an escape from it… You let it chain you down. Literally and figuratively."

Gripping his blade and glowing with plasma, Deinmaar stands tall, "And what will you do about this decision of mine?"

He could hear the shrug that Leonidas gave at his question, "Break those chains, of course." The Undead states without care, "And if to do that I must destroy this island, well…"

A step behind him- Deinmaar whirls around and his blade strikes true, but his eyes widen when he takes in the dispersing form of a flaming Werewolf being what he had cleaved apart.

A palm slams into his chest and lifts him high in the air, then slams him back down onto the earth below.

Leonidas' masked face stares down at him, palm pressing down on his chest, "Ever heard of Exposure Therapy, my friend?" Deinmaar's eyes widen, and a blinding Origin Rune blinks into being below Leonidas' palm, its light growing with each passing second, "Oh, you have?"

"Then welcome to the Leonidas' Special! My very own take on it!"

The power within the Origin Rune washes forth before Deinmaar could even twitch a finger, and he feels the force of a meteor slam into his chest and cave the island in.

Floor after floors caves in, one after another, and Deinmaar roars in anger and pain as he grabs Leonidas robes, hurling him aside with as much strength he could muster before they finally crashed down.

Deinmaar stands with a grunt, panicked eyes flicking around as he swings his free arm to clear away the cloud of dust to peer across the debris.

He only relaxes when he realizes that this was the abandoned armory of the temple, all the equipment left behind having rotted and fallen to ruin due to the passage of time and lack of care.

Breathing out in relief, he raises his greatsword- A piercing howl makes him flinch as the dust is cleared and a Draconian Howl punches his greatsword out of his hand, sending it flying to the side.

"No more weapons." Came Leonidas' voice through the cloud of dust and debris, his steps strangely loud and heavy.

Deinmaar clenches his hands into fists and starts walking towards the sound of his voice, steps equally heavy and pulverizing any debris within his wake.

"We fight like men now."

A Juggernaut of frost resembling Daedric Armor of old stomped into view, as tall and as imposing as the Atmoran advancing forward without blinking.

Both rolled their shoulders, and Deinmaar flares his nostrils.

"I couldn't agree more."

Their pace quickens and their arms draw back.

And then, they greet each other like proper Nords do.

By punching each other in the face hard enough to pulverize their surroundings.



~~XXX~~​



With a grunt and sharp exhale, Balgruuf wrenches his blade out of the Dragon's skull and allowed his gaze to roam around the rest of Dragonsreach.

His glorious palace and throne room now lay in ruin and set on fire. Pain filled his heart at the sight, but the Jarl pushed through and turned to the more important matters.

"Farengar!" He bellows aloud, uncaring of his Court Mage location, only knowing that the Mage would hear his incoming order, "Have your students bring out the scrolls! Use the Master Class ones, too!"

With that order echoing in the air, he turns towards the guards moving left and right to help move the Jarls to a secure place.

Some, unfortunately, did not survive the initial onslaught. Mainly the Jarls of Falkreath and Winterhold.

One had been torched by the Dragon that smashed through Dragonsreach, the other was buried beneath the rubble.

Moving swiftly, Balgruuf moves to assist Elisif to her feet, the woman having a nasty cut on her head from a bad fall, "Apologies for being an inconvenience, Jarl Balgruuf…" The woman apologizes, but Balgruuf merely scoffs as he waves a guard over.

"While I am sure that Torygg would love to have you in Sovngarde with him, I am more sure that the people of Solitude still need you." Patting the woman on the head, he leaves her to the guard that had approached, "Lead her to the safety bunker with the others."

The guard nods and assists the wounded woman, her own personal guards moving to follow after her.

With another Jarl being led to safety, Balgruuf moves his gaze to find the one man more important than them all within the room.

The Emperor and his golden armor entered his vision, with the elderly man sitting on the ground, being supported by three of his personal guards.

And what personal guards they were… Balgruuf had seen them battle, and two of them had easily assisted in taking care of the Dragon that smashed through Dragonsreach.

The Dragon wouldn't have gone down as easily had it not been for those three assisting them.

"Balgruuf, my boy." The Emperor calls out when he notices the Jarl approach, one of his hands rising up to pat Balgruuf on the shoulder once the man squats down to be more eye-level with the elder. "I have a task for you. An important one."

Balgruuf pushes any complaint to the side and nods, eyes narrowed in determination, "Your will is my command, Emperor."

The Emperor's gaze drifts towards the destroyed section of Dragonsreach, showing the sky filled with Dragons.

They flew in a circle, dozens of them, like vultures. Sometimes diving down to breathe fire or frost or lightning upon the city below, harming and killing more of his citizens. More of his people.

"The people, the soldiers… They are all scattered and afraid, my boy." The hand on Balgruuf's shoulder squeezes down, "Unite them all. They need to hear the voice of their leader. The voice of their Jarl."

"Only together may we cut down these vile beasts."

Balgruuf flares his nostrils and nods, then he stands, leaving the Emperor with his personal guards.

His own guards approached, pieces of his personal armor forged by the best Blacksmiths in Whiterun being wrapped around his body as he never stopped walking.

But as he walks, he takes note of Ulfric, downed and wounded, yet still living.

Ulfric Stormcloaks lifts his gaze and finds a blade inches away from his throat, his eyes following the bloodied weapon to Balgruuf. Their eyes meet, and neither back down from the stare.

"The people of Skyrim still need your strength." Balgruuf states heavily before withdrawing his blade, "You can face your crimes now, or die protecting our home."

Ulfric gulps, then his gaze flicks towards the beasts proudly flying in the air. The sight of them diving down to wreak havoc made him flare his nostrils in fury.

Soon, his gaze flicks back to Balgruuf, "Let me die fighting for my own brothers and sisters. Like I have done in the past."

Balgruuf smiles and offers the downed man his hand, "Then may Sovngarde welcome you warmly." His hand is taken in a fierce grip, and Ulfric is lifted back to his fit.

At this time, during this tragedy, they had to put personal matters aside and stand together.

Ulfric finally saw to that. He was the destruction being wrought by the Dragons, and he couldn't stand that.

He cursed himself for being so blind these past months.

Ambition truly blinded many.

"The flag of the Empire…" Balgruuf hears a soldier speaks up softly, and his gaze strays towards a collapsed section of Dragonsreach, the rubble and dirt resting upon the long flag of the Empire, "It lies crumbled in the dirt like a rag! Because of those beasts!"

The Jarl feels his chest fill with ire at the sight. He had fought and bled and cried for the Empire.

When the Empire called for assistance, he was there. He had given up his duties instantly to aid it in war. He had helped the Emperor retreat back to Skyrim when the Imperial City had falled.

And he had also helped storm the Imperial City under the Emperor's charge in the attack that reclaimed it.

So he'd be damned if he'd let a flag he bled and killed for lay down in the dirt!

"My Jarl, I am with you." Farengar's voice reaches his ears, and Balgruuf smirks. As expected of his Court Mage, already knowing what he was about to request.

Marching forward, Balgruuf wrenches the flag free and swings it clear of dust and debris before holding it tall as he stands high upon the rubble of Dragonsreach main entrance.

Balgruuf breathes in, and Farengar weaves Illusion Magic to assist his Jarl-


"Sons and Daughters of Skyrim!"​


The Nord man bellows, his voice carrying across the whole of Whiterun, overpowering even the roars of the Dragons above.


"Today, Sovngarde is calling for us!"​


Down below, deep inside the city, Aela rushes around another corner as a Dragon swoops down, torching the whole street black in seconds.

The Huntress shut her ears to the screams of those she couldn't protect, her gaze nearly manic as she looked around, finding herself closer and closer to her target.

The sudden attack had scattered them, due to the Dragons having used the clouds as cover to get right above the city.


"Today, we stand in the name of the Empire!"​


As Aela ran across the street, bow and arrows in hand, she could see the effect Balgruuf's voice was having already.

People stopped screaming and running around, and instead started growing calm.

The attack on Dragonsreach had broken their confidence, but the Jarl being alive lit up that courage within them once more.


"Today! We show these beasts the might of Skyrim!"​


Turning another corner, Aela feels a smile of relief spread across her face at the sight of that familiar home she had visited so many times during these months to visit that energetic little brat.

A brat she had taken under her belt, and took out on a great many hunts.

But her heart drops the moment the house comes fully into view, and half of it is completely collapsed with a Dragon-


"Today! We march into Sovngarde with bloodied weapons, and stories to tell!"​


Aela's gaze slowly drifts up as a large shadow falls over her.

The Dragon that had been tearing apart that small familiar home was now in the air, having been bodily thrown across the street with laughable ease.

Its large, stone-like form smashes into the earth and tears down entire homes with ease before it comes to a stop.

With a growl, the Dragon stands tall, wings spread far to the side… Yet Aela didn't miss the massive chunk of flesh that had been bitten off near its neck.

"I knew that I smelled a mutt of Hircine…" The Dragon, far bigger than the one that had attacked Whiterun with the Dragon Priest months ago, growls out, claws digging into the earth, "But you are no mere mutt of his, are you…?"

Aela suddenly realizes that the Dragon was not speaking to her.

The ground shakes, and a growl that makes her organs quiver makes Aela freeze, cold sweat covering her form.


"Grab your weapons, my people!"​


An immense crimson wolf enters her line of sight, the majestic beast as big as the Dragon face it.

Slitted green eyes regard her for a short second before the immense wolf turns back towards the Dragons and stands protectively in front of her.

"...Gretel?" The wolf's tail wags once, and Aela feels herself grow faint.

She had seen the girls Werewolf form many times now. Crimson, much taller than normal Werewolves, showing that she comes from a bloodline blessed and loved by Hircine.

But this… This was different from that.

She is Hircine's Champion…? Aela realizes as the wolf breathes in.


"Kiss your Husbands, Wives, or Children!"​


An ear-piercing howl rings out across the whole of Whiterun, heating up the blood of all those holding a blessing of Hircine.

Aela feels all of her fear and anxiety vanish into smoke, and she breathes in, finding a near-feral grin split her face.

The Dragon laughs, standing tall upon its hind legs, "Hah! You'll be a fine challenge, mutt! Come at-" The Dragon suddenly finds itself launched high into the air once more, the crimson wolf having moved far faster than it could have thought.


"For today! We live with Honor, and die with Glory!"​


The crimson wolf pounces towards her prey, jaws filled with serrated teeth sinking into a lone wing and pulling-

A tearing sound fills the air together with a roar of pain as Dragon and wolf smash back down on the earth, Aela giving chase soon after.


"Ancestors, one and all-!"​


With a grunt, the Emperor rises, smiling with pride as he watches Jarl Balgruuf hold the banner up high.


"BEAR WITNESS!"​


The elderly ruler breathes in and closes his eyes with a nod.

In his mind, this was how a true Ruler had to be. Capable of filling his people with courage with just a few words.

One that holds such devotion and love towards his people that said people would be willing to die for him without thinking twice about it.


"Today! The Dragons will cower before our unyielding spirit like they did before yours!"​


Turning his head, the Emperor lets his gaze fall on one of his three guards.

Clad in heavy Imperial Armor, and as quiet as ever, the glorious man beneath stared back at him, "Will you fight for me again, Forgotten Hero?"

The Emperor asks with a slightly teasing smile, earning a deep sigh from the man that had once worn his armor, and taken back the Imperial City.

Tyr chuckles, slapping the Hero on the back, "It is always an honor, Emperor."

The quiet Hero nods, the azure eyes beneath the helm burning with the same determination that had felled Naarifin.

Smiling, the Emperor stands tall and moves to join Balgruuf's side. The Jarl is surprised by the action. "You fight with us, Emperor?"

With a laugh, the elderly ruler answers, "My people are in need, and you think I will cower and seek safety?" He sneers and rolls his shoulders, "If I have to die, then let me die fighting for my people."

Balgruuf nods and smiles, "It is an honor to fight by your side once more."

"Hah!" The Emperor throws his head back with a grin, "The honor has always been mine! Lead us to battle then, boy!"

With a nod, the Jarl goes to speak once more, the people of his city rallied and granted courage through his words, and now fighting back against the Dragons with equal or even greater ferocity than the beasts.

The Emperor could see a few fall from the skies, having been impaled by the siege weaponry, while few even dared to fight them on the ground.

Cowardly beasts.

A cry cuts the air before Balgruuf could issue an order or speak further words, a sharp- "Incoming!" from one of the guards making them all raise their weapons and ready themselves.

A Dragon had broken off from the flying group taking dives upon the city below and made a beeline towards them, a roar leaving its jaws.

A second one came into view. Immense, with a wingspan bigger than the one ahead of it, and it was gaining fast.

For some reason, the Emperor saw Balgruuf grin.

The reason behind it was swiftly understood by others when the titanic Dragon rammed into the smaller one, enormous claws slamming into the beast's beast and causing them both to fall down upon the earth like meteorites.

The impact before Jorrvaskr's walls shook the whole city, and the titanic Dragon stood tall out of the cloud of dust and debris, letting out a roar so mighty and loud that it had the army above falter.

"Listen well, you gnats!" The Dragon roars heavenward, challenging its own brothers without care or fear. "I will no longer stand by and watch you needlessly slaughter people! No more!"

"For my name is Julspaan!" The Dragon declares, standing tall and proud, wings spread wide apart, "Come, you cowardly gnats! I'll show you how a Real Dragon battles!"

From the back, people heard Farengar say 'Mankind's Protector', which was likely the translation of the Dragon's name.

As one, the Dragons roared in fury at the challenge and insults, all turning to make a straight beeline towards the beast awaiting for them below.

But that is when a voice overwhelmed their mighty and furious roars.

A lone word, spat out with such rage, such hate, that the very skies changed color.


"JOOR-!"​


The Dragons howled. Pain, fear, terror. Some flailed in the airs like chicks that do not know how to fly.

Others turned around, hoping to fly away. To escape the city. To escape that voice.

The voice that dictated their Fate.


"-ZAH-!"​


The skies rumbled. A killing intent so thick and dense filling the air, choking up the throat of the Dragons that uselessly flailed.

Their howls turned into screams. Some even pleaded.

Some were shot out of the skies directly, massive arrows punching through their guts and heads and sending them plummeting down from the skies.

Then the final word was spoken.


"FRUL!"​


It was a Death Knell.

Everyone who heard that Shout could understand what it was meant for. What it did.

Among the thirty plus Dragons in the air, nearly half of them were torn apart and set alight by a chilling light blue fire.

The others squealed.

They fell from the skies, smashing down into the city below… And the people roared, pouncing upon them like a pack of wolves seeing a sheep lost in the woods.

Laughing boisterously, Balgruuf raised his weapon and stomped forward.

No words were needed. Only laughter.

Laughter that spelled ill for the Dragons.

The Emperor chuckled to himself.

Sometimes, he forgets how crazy Nords can get…




A.N. I want y'all to think of something.

That wolf is Gretel's REAL Werewolf form. And I Hildr's has been stated to be 'so powerful she can't control it'.

Just think about that, 'kay? Totally ain't relevant. Nuh-uh.

Also, hope y'all enjoyed this chappy!

Am feedin' y'all, ain't I?

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

See ya soon!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, donstar260, Levky and 1,284 others
Musashi-Chan
Mar 18, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 36 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Apr 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,035
To Dragons, the mortal races always appeared like puny ants.

Weak, needing to be in large groups in order to survive, and putting reason before strength.

Dragons disliked that. They did whatever they wanted, whenever they wanted, however they wanted.

Might makes right. That was, is, and will always be their belief.

Until something comes and ruthlessly shatters it.

The many Dragons that plummeted from the skies of Whiterun and crashed down like scaled meteors had been felled during the Dragon War of the Merethic Era.

Many were felled due to mortals gathering in large groups to bring them down in a mighty battle.

Others… Others experienced the terror of that accursed Shout.

Originally created to even the field and force Dragons to land, it was then morphed and changed into a weapon of slaughter meant to be wielded against Dragonkind, and Dragonkind only.

One master of the Voice after another learned that Shout, and filled it with their Rage. With their Hate. With their Disgust.

All of their negative feelings towards Dragonkind were poured within these three words, which only a mortal could ever speak.

Some Dragons fell after they experienced the initial version of the Shout.

Others fell while being ripped apart by the effects of Dragonrend. A Shout that weaponizes the Hate and Rage of the mortals enslaved by Dragons, of the mortals that watched their own brothers and sisters be used as snacks or as mere tools for those beasts.

The creation of this Shout made the Dragons cower, and a great many of them experienced terror for the first time in their immortal lives.

And now, they were experiencing it once more. Some died in utter agony before even crashing down within Whiterun, while others slowly stood and found themselves turned into sheep.

Sheep being gazed at by countless hungry wolves. Wolves hungry for blood and revenge.

The sound of a church bell ringing echoes across the streets of Whiterun, a brilliant glow erupting high in the skies as restorative green light washes down below, enveloping the whole city.

Those on the verge of death are back to full health in a span of seconds, feeling stronger and better than ever before.

While those with their eyes on the fallen Dragons grasp the closest weapon within reach before pouncing forward, no matter if they were a warrior, a young boy, a wife or even a cook.

They all grasped the closest weapon, roared out their anger at the destruction of their homes, and lashed out at the source of all of the destruction and death surrounding them.

The Dragons were like flies that fell into a very active anthill, full of the very same ants they looked down upon.

The very same ants that despite the sheer size and power difference between them still bared their teeth and brandished their weapons without fear, welcoming death with a grin on their faces.

Because even after losing a war to these very same ants, the Dragons still failed to grasp the sheer might mortals can bring out when they stand united.

The streets were in chaos, but this was a chaos the people loved. A chaos of battle that made their blood boil, that did not have them cowering away from another Dragon sweeping down from the skies to breathe out fire instead of battling them on the ground.

Arrows punched through scales, kitchen knives parted flesh and muscles, daggers punctured holes and blades hacked the flailing, roaring beasts apart.

The Dragons struggled and roared. The Nords roared and laughed.

And within the street, a Court Mage found himself out of place. He wasn't meant for battles on the front-lines, or direct confrontations.

Farengar watches the mighty beast flail, struggling to drive off the Dragon Knight hacking it apart and sustaining no injuries in the process. Beneath the light of that Master Class Scroll, Terra Santa, all within Whiterun were basically immortals at the moment.

Farengar would have felt pained at using such an expensive Scroll… If he didn't have a chest filled with nearly a hundred more, a message of 'Use these bitches, don't be stingy!' attached to said chest.

Sticking to his cover, Farengar watches the battle carefully, trying and hoping for any sort of opening, anything he could do to further assist the Dragon Knights in taking down the beast.

He was a master of Illusion and Fire Magic, hence his 'Secret-Fire' moniker due to him making his flames invisible through Illusion Magic.

But invisible flames wouldn't really be useful when they could harm his very allies… If only he had a way to be useful- Farengar blinks when the Dragon roars and turns, leaving its back to Farengar… And the Court Mage's eyes slowly trail towards a certain spot.

Stories of what Leonidas did to the Dragon before Whiterun many months ago ring across his mind.

"Oh yeah, stuck his whole arm up that beast's ass and then blew it right up with Magic. Blood all over that wonderful bastard. Never wanted to offer a man a mug of mead more than I did that day."

"-And then he just walks up, brings his whole arm back, then punches it straight in that asshole! The Dragon locks up, then slowly looks back in fear. That once proud beast was trembling, I swear. And then its guts were all over the place. Mainly on the wizard, but by the Divines… That was one way to bring it down…"

"Never seen a Mage willingly put themselves in harm's way, and then pull of something so insane yet so cool at the same time. Magic ain't that bad, after all."

Before he could even think twice about it, Farengar already finds himself pouncing forward, left arm drawn all the way back.

The dragon's enormous tail rises up, and Farengar punches his whole arm straight in that defenseless asshole.

The Dragon locks up, and Farengar grins like a man possessed before letting loose.

Flames wash forth directly inside the beast in immense quantities, soon overflowing out of that scorched hole and from the beast's own jaws as it twitches and struggles before slowly falling limp.

Farengar draws back, eyes wide at the easy kill of a mighty and powerful beast. Weakened and distracted, but still powerful.

"Damn, there's another one…" He hears one of the Dragon Knight mutter aloud before Farengar just laughs, an insane cackle of ecstasy.

Manic eyes flick towards the now nervous Dragon Knights, "Bring me to the next Dragon!" Farengar demands, eager for more blood, and finally understanding why Leonidas went for the ass!

He'll never forget this exhilarating rush!

"You heard the Mage, boys! Let's go!"

Farengar ended up humiliating three more Dragons after that.

Meanwhile, the main square before the massive Jorrvaskr lay in ruin. Three enormous Dragons clashed within, brutally tearing at each other in a contest of pure physical might.

A colossal claw slam a white Dragon into the earth with enough force to shake the surrounding blocks, the immense form of Julspaan towering over the much smaller Dragon with a sneer upon his scaled jaws.

"This is the might you bring when battling mortals, brother?" Enormous claws flex, sharp nails puncturing through white scales and drawing blood, the ground beneath wheezing out a breath as it lay there powerless, "They won once before, do you truly believe this time will be different?"

"Betrayer!" Julspaan drifts his gaze to a scarlet Dragon, much bigger than the white one, and radiating immense heat, "Had we not lost our main force due to betrayal, the war would have been won!" The scarlet Dragon hisses out, embers flicking out around its jaws.

Julspaan stares down at his brethren, "The main force of mortals, yes." The scarlet Dragon flinches, and Julspaan sneers, "How truly pathetic of you, brother, to make excuses to hide your own weakness."

The scarlet Dragon roars, the heat radiating from it intensifying at it pounces across the square to crash into Julspaan. The titanic Dragon merely watches the beast draws close, but a Shout of "FUS-RO-DAH!" Rends the air, crashing into the scarlet beast and sending it hurling across the square with ease.

Lowering his gaze, Julspaan watches a bearded man stride forward, blade in hand, and man garbed in blue flanking his side. The man returns the gaze and narrows his eyes, "You stand with us, beast?"

With a nod, Julspaan softens his gaze, "I have had enough of my brothers leading such a senseless slaughter." Those words affected Ulfric deeply, the grip over his sword faltering momentarily.

But he could push those thoughts until later. For now, people needed his strength. "Then may your name be sang in all the taverns across Skyrim, and within the halls of Sovngarde."

Julspaan laughs, his claw rising then crashing down, claiming the life of the white Dragon and sending blood flying everywhere, "A Dragon's name being sang in the halls of Sovngarde? That would be a first!"

His wings unfold, spreading wide as he gazes at the standing scarlet Dragon, now flanked by an injured yet furious metallic Dragon coming from the lower parts of the city.

With a bellow of his own, Ulfric was the first to lead the charge, the two opposing Dragons roaring in answer and pouncing forward, ready to slaughter their traitorous brother and the mortals fighting alongside him.

In another area of the city, Aela slowly comes to, blinking herself awake due to someone shaking her. A rough, gauntlet clad hand draws back, silver-white hair filling her vision for a second, yet long enough to make the red haired woman jolt in place. "Aurelia!"

Aurelia smiles despite the seriousness and anger in her eyes, her helmet off and laying in one of her hands, "Aela… Where is Gretel?"

Aela blinks, worry instantly gnawing at her insides, and she looks around instantly, ready to rise on her feet- Then she instantly slumps back down with a sigh of relief. "Over to the Dragon's corpse… By Hircine is she a handful…"

Aurelia stands, turning her gaze towards the massive Dragon laying prone over a series of crumbled buildings. The mighty beast was torn apart, his blood creating a massive pool right beneath it.

He looked like he had been bitten and torn to death, with several chunks of flesh missing, his own tail being severed, and one of the hind legs being gone. Together with a wing.

There were also dozens of arrows stabbed within the corpse, and Aurelia draws closer without fear, "Gretel?" She calls out, worry filling her voice, her eyes seeking that familiar head of red hair.

"'Relia?!" An excited cry reaches her ears a second later, flooding Aurelia with relief as she steps into the Dragon's pool of blood, "Wait- No! 'Relia, don't come here-" The Dragon pulses, and soon its flesh starts fading away as Aurelia devours his Soul.

"Fuck!" Stepping around the corpse and near the belly area, Aurelia finds Gretel, sitting in a pool of blood, and drenched in it from head to toe. "'Relia! I was eating that!"

Gretel pouts, pointing a small finger towards the torn open Dragon belly, now an empty cavity with nothing to offer.

Aurelia stares at the sight for a few seconds before sighing deeply, "You shouldn't be eating this, you know?"

"It's very yummy though!" Aurelia sighs again, a fond smile on her face as she picks up the young girl smeared in blood, who swiftly proceeds to hug her tightly, "I missed you so much, 'Relia!"

The Dragonborn giggles, hugging the child tightly and giving her a happy twirly that earned a peal of adorable laughter from Gretel, the sound soothing all of Aurelia's worries and fears, "Did you do this?"

Gretel nods, smug grin on her childish face covered in blood, "Yeah!" Sniffing, she turns to glare at the Dragon, "This fat bitch landed on the house! Right on the fucking kitchen!"

"And so you decided to… eat him?"

"I first wanted to beat the fuck outta him… But using that form makes me very hungry, so eh…" Gretel shrugs, "At least I can control it as long as I eat and taste blood. Big Sis' form is so much stronger though, so she is just all angry and feral."

Putting that aside, Aurelia brings Gretel away, holding her close as the sounds of battle in the distance remain intense, but some start to fade away.

"I miss Big Sis and Leo…" Gretel muses softly, leaning into Aurelia's hug to seek comfort.

Gently and warmly, Aurelia look down at the child in her arms, "Once everything here is settled and calm… We'll go to them, okay?" Gretel's eyes widen momentarily before a squeal of happiness leaves her, her hug growing ten times stronger as she kicks her feet in the air.

Aurelia laughs, then slowly crouches down to put Gretel down, "Go with Aela and find a place to hide, okay? I'll be back soon." She promises, patting Gretel's head, her hair also caked in blood.

The young girl blinks softly, "You going out to hunt?" Aurelia smiles warmly yet sharply, and Gretel grins before nodding and rushing back towards the tired Aela.

Watching them go, Aurelia lets the smile slip off her face before she places her helmet back on.

Snowflakes slowly enter her vision, and she draws Dawnbreaker without hesitation.

The skies had suddenly darkened, a gargantuan whirlpool rumbling in the clouds above, raining down icy winds with a downpour of snowflakes.

The whirlpool lay right above Whiterun, the eye of the storm gazing down upon the city with an intensity that made Aurelia nervous, the hair on the back of her neck standing on end.

This was a Sage, Aurelia realizes. Among the mightiest of Dragons, those that had mastered their chosen words, and are capable of unleashing their might even without speaking them.

Aurelia breathes in and bends law, immense power flowing through her limbs and veins. The physical might of more than a hundred Dragons layered together, cracking the stone road below her feet.

Then pulverizing it as she launches herself skyward, straight towards the outside of Whiterun.

A quick look below makes her grin, noticing that among the dozens of Dragons that had crashed down into the city, only five remain.

It went to show how they could only hold an advantage while fighting high in the sky and out of reach, but once on the ground? The Dragons were the real ants.

Her gaze then flicks towards the valley beyond the walls, and her lips part just as she feels the beast within the clouds lock fully onto her.

"Wuld-Nah-Kest!" A sonic-boom echoes across the skies as her form is hurled across the land, another and much louder sonic-boom exploding into existence from the Heavens above as the Dragon within the storm chases after her.

The very gargantuan hurricane crashes down with the beast, and Aurelia crashes into the earth with glowing blade already in hand, feet digging trenches through the earth as she flips around to meet the incoming blow with all of her might.

Both hands grip Dawnbreaker's handle and draw the blade back as she stomps forward, a gargantuan claw crashing into view with the howl of the storm above wreathed around it.

The collision ruptures the earth, causing it sink but blast skyward, like the ripple caused by a rock falling into water.

Earthquakes shake the valley, with deafening metallic clashes ringing out from within the rising and growing cloud of dust and debris. The radiance of Dawnbreaker shined brightly through the cloud, lighting up the battling figures of mortal and beast.

Aurelia clicked her tongue, arms unbearably numb after the several clashes against those massive sharp claws. Despite his size, the Dragon was nimble and quick, nothing like the others she has fought so far.

But what annoyed her further was the cloud of dust covering her vision, stopping her from fully laying her eyes on her opponent so to better keep track of him.

"Su-Grah-Dun." She whispers, unleashing a pulse of energy around her body as wisps of ethereal energy start cloaking her arms, making her feel much better.

It was likely the same Shout the Dragon fighting against her was using, so she had to even the playing field and slowly gain an advantage.

Another piercing howl of winds rends the air, forcing her to duck to dodge the barely visible blade of wind that tried to decapitate her while cleaving the cloud of dust apart.

"Laas-Yah-Nir." Another whisper beneath her breath, and finally she could see her target, his glowing outline pouncing towards her with claws wrapped in roaring gales.

This time, she doesn't dodge. Instead, she dives towards her target, "Nin-Vey-Luv!" Dawnbreaker glimmers, then screams through the air as she swings her weapon.

It was a dangerous gamble on her part, using a Shout she had barely mastered. The Cutting Shout, a series of Words meant to Cut.

Paarthurnax had been reluctant in teaching her this Shout, as it can harm her too if she is careless. It is a Shout created by a powerful and very feared Great Sage among Dragons.

The reason it is feared is because it cuts through anything, without fail. No matter how strong a barrier is, the Shout cuts it.

Her blade screams through the air, and the once mighty scales that deflected her blows part beneath the enhanced sharpness, the barest minimum she could bring out with this Shout while being careful.

Blood splashes through the air, and the sheer force behind her blow displaces the dust cloud just as nimble Dragon pounces away.

Aurelia blows air through her nostrils and flips around, finally laying her eyes on her opponent.

Slightly bigger than Paarthurnax, with wine-red scales and a royal blue hue to his wings. His scales stood out with small spikes and looked extremely polished and sharp, making his body glint in the light.

The Dragon tested his injured claw, his blood dripping on the ruined earth below, his limb having been nearly severed in half by her slash. It was a deep wound, but the beast did not seem to care much. "Impressive, Dovahkiin."

The Dragon's direct praise surprises Aurelia. She detected no hostility from the Dragon before her, reminding her of another Dragon. The proud Yolosqah she had fought long ago. Her second Dragon, in fact.

"You Thu'um has grown much in such a short while. Truly marvelous." Standing tall, the reddish Dragon stares down at her in respect, "If only mine brothers train as hard as you have…"

Aurelia rolls the blade in her hands as the Dragon sighs deeply, "Here to prove your might, or what?" She questions, still on guard against the Dragon that is most definitely a Sage.

He did not utter a Word, yet the air felt cold, and winds had started picking up. The hurricane above is just waiting to be unleashed on the valley below.

The Dragon chuckles, amused by Aurelia's questions, "When a Dragon fights, it is always a test of might." Shaking his wings, the Dragon lowers his head to better stare at Aurelia, "And I always enjoyed battling mortals. I was felled by one in the Merethic Era."

"His Voice did not best mine, but his body did." One claws rises, sharp nails sliding across a certain spot on his belly. "Alas, I do not bear the scar of the wound that took my life back then. Truly vexatious."

Aurelia gulps as she keeps her gaze on the Dragon before her. Something was wrong. Her senses kept screaming at her that something was wrong.

And she trusted them.

"You are stalling for time." The Dragon chuckles, and Aurelia's eyes narrow, "Why?"

Baring his fangs, the Dragon Sage flexes his claws into the earth below, "If you seek answers, then you must best me in battle. Do so, and I shall tell you everything."

Dawnbreaker is tossed into her left hand, freeing her right hand, "Yol-Toor-Shul!" Her fingers curl and clench around the incandescent and brilliant Sun Dragon Blade, the air around her warping and the ground melting from its mere presence.

The Dragon Sage spreads his wings and growls in challenge, "My name is Odahviing, Dovahkiin." The skies above rumble, and piercing gales start to shroud Odahviing's form once more, "But mine kin also call me the Sage of Storms."

His wings flap.

And the very Heavens come crashing down upon her.


~~XXX~~​


He was found upon the frozen shores of the Dragon Capital of Bromjunaar, having somehow survived a ship wreck and a fall into glacial waters.

He was up and moving by the second day, and found himself in a strange land.

As a young boy, he was as tall as fully grown men, and boasted physical might greater than a dozen well-trained warriors.

Many Dragons had seen his strength and coveted it, wishing to make him their servant. A weapon for them to wield and show off against each other, like a toy.

But he was never swayed. He simply lived as an errand boy within the city for a full year before his life changed on one fateful day.

An elderly man had angered a Dragon by accident, a simple mistake due to old age blown out of proportions by the pride and arrogance of Dragons.

Said Dragon had been close to eating or roasting the old man alive before a soldier stepped forward, standing before the elderly man to shield him from the wrath of the Dragon.

The soldier proclaimed he couldn't stand by and watch such injustice go by. He demanded fairness and Justice, and for the Dragon to not be guided and blinded by his arrogance.

Those words stirred something within the young Atmoran boy. The happiness within the old man's eyes at seeing someone stand up for him, yet also the fear for their lives.

And the courage within the soldier to stand unfazed before an irate Dragon to protect another.

In his anger, the Dragon ate the soldier, and that was when the young Atmoran boy found his duty.

He had rushed forward, grabbed the blade that had fallen from the bisected corpse of the soldier, and wielded it to tear the Dragon apart.

His action, done to protect others from the wrath of an arrogant Dragon, was blasphemy for those that openly worshiped out of fear.

For they feared the wrath and revenge from the Dragons, they cursed him. They called the Dragon Guards upon him.

He left them all broken and beaten, barely sustaining any injuries in the ensuing scuffles that ended only when a Dragon Priest personally took action.

Bound and beaten, the boy was dragged within the temple to be judged for his sins.

Execution, work within the mines, used to test dangerous alchemical potions or brought back as a powerful Undead under their rule. Those were the suggested courses of actions the countless Dragon Priests mulled over.

Until the one wearing the Mask with tusks stepped within the temple.

Deinmaar. That was the name that was gifted to him. It means Keeper, or Guardian. He preferred the latter.

Guardian of the people, of the weak, of those who couldn't protect themselves. He upheld justice, and punished any that overstepped their boundaries, be they mortals or Dragons.

He simply wanted coexistence. For mortals and Dragons to stand together, not as masters and slaves, but as companions. As friends.

But that was a mere silly dream.

His head recoils back, and a grunt soon leaves his lips as a fist crashes into his stomach, lifting him off the ground.

The Undead Mage turned into a frozen Juggernaut presses the advantage, an unstoppable wall of violence that did not flinch from Deinmaar's own mighty blows.

"Cat got your tongue!?" The Undead Mage goads, each of his blows releasing immense shock-waves that further ruined the old storage room they were in. "Talk to me, Deinmaar!"

The towering Atmoran ducks beneath a wide haymaker and delivers a vicious uppercut that lifts Leonidas off the ground, allowing Deinmaar to reach down and grab one of his frost encased ankles before swinging the Juggernaut of ice over his shoulders and ramming him into the earth.

The storage room shakes and crack as Deinmaar snarls in outrage, venting out his anger and stress as he whirls around and slams the giant of ice into the ground repeatedly.

But when he stops, his anger is only incensed when Leonidas is just staring up at him, frost-encased arms crossed over his chest. "I still hear nothing, buddy."

Deinmaar snarls, "What do you want me to say?!" He roars out, one foot rising and crashing down to try and stomp the Undead's head to pieces.

A sonic-boom ripples forth as a Draconian Howl slams into Deinmaar's chest, forcing him to stumble back and nearly fall, allowing Leonidas to swiftly rise back to his feet. "Anything, you fucking dumbass!"

"Talk! Scream! Rage! Make me understand why you are like this!" Their forms collide together once more in a test of might, and Deinmaar's ardent eyes never leave those glowing green flames.

Their hands, locked together and pushing against each other, kept them from advancing further. Stopping them from lashing out with more senseless violence.

"I don't want you to understand!" Deinmaar shouts, pressing forward through gritted teeth, his anger rising when Leonidas openly laughs at him.

"Now that's a nice fucking lie!" The Undead sneers, "But alas, I do not give a flying fuck about what you want! I only care about what the people out there need!" His head draws back, and Leonidas promptly headbutts Deinmaar, ending their stalemate.

"And what they need, is a man that won't fucking mope around like a little bitch for Four fucking Eras and will stand to do what is right!"

Deinmaar lashes out with a stressed bellow, his massive arm swinging through the air with enough force to kill lesser Dragons. "Then you're looking at the wrong fucking man!"

His swing misses, forcing him to stumble, but Leonidas is soon upon him as soon as Deinmaar turns around.

The Juggernaut of Ice shoulder tackles him through a wall, then three more until he slams Deinmaar into a wall that does not give in. "I know I am looking at the wrong man!" Leonidas shouts right back, pulling back to slam a palm against Deinmaar's helmet clad head and slam it back into the destroyed wall, "But I can still see his dumbass deep in there!"

"You can't hide that desperation and need to be someone from me, Deinmaar! Because I used to see it in the fucking mirror every fucking morning!"

Deinmaar grunts, finding his immense strength constantly fail him as he clutched at the wrist of the hand pressing his skull against the wall, "Then take my armor!" He shouts, seemingly desperate, lost. "Take my gear! Become their Deinmaar-"

Leonidas cuts him off with a roar of frustration, his arm wrenching Deinmaar out of the crater in the wall before slamming the Atmoran's immense form back into it, "It's not the fucking armor, you goddamn cunt!"

"It's the fucking idiot wearing it, and that's you!" Another slam into the wall, causing a massive section of it and the ceiling to crumble all over them, "You are Deinmaar! You are who they want and need!"

Deinmaar screams in frustration right back, a second wind of strength filling his cold body and allowing him to push back and punch Leonidas with enough force to shatter a great amount of ice armor off his form as the Undead stumbles back.

"I did not want any of this to happen!"

"So fucking what!?" Leonidas whirls around with a vicious punch that slams Deinmaar back into the wall, causing the room around them to start collapsing even faster.

"You think life is all about fucking choosing and getting?! No!" The Undead shouts in anger, digging Deinmaar's form out of the debris and hurling the man across the room.

"You choose, but you don't get! You make do with the hand that is then dealt to you after you made your choice! You don't get to see where you end up, the consequences of your actions or inaction! You only get to accept that and move the fuck on!"

Deinmaar tries and fails to rise from the ground, his eyes screwing shut as he punches the ground with the left-over strength he could manage to muster, "I can't!" He shouts, voice thick with sorrow, "I can't move on! I cannot accept what I've done!"

Leonidas stomps on the ground, a few paces away from the downed Atmoran, "Talk! To! Me!"

Deinmaar shakes his head, breathes in, then shouts before lifting his head to stare towards Leonidas, "This was a gaol! Managed my me!"

"I was the Dragon Priest of Law! I made sure no mortal or Dragon overstepped their boundaries! That there was no senseless slaughter and ruthless killing from the Dragons, and no revolts from the people!"

The ground around them keeps cracking, the ceiling and their surroundings collapsing further with each passing second.

"I upheld Justice! I wanted nothing more than to see the people and Dragons coexist as companions! As friends!" Slowly, Deinmaar stands, renewed with energy. His body stands tall, brimming with power, his hands clenched at his sides.

"And then what happened?" Leonidas probes further as Deinmaar opens his right hand.

A rumble echoes around them, and soon a massive blade flies into view and into Deinmaar's grasp.

"The War happened." Deinmaar hisses out between gritted teeth, "The gaol was changed. The mortal prisoners executed. The Dragon ones freed."

Leonidas's shoulders sag, "You watched everything you worked hard for go up in smoke." Deinmaar slowly nods, "I'm sorry."

The Atmoran comes to a pause, the simmering rage within him suddenly being quenched even as the frost around Leonidas recedes enough to allow him to pull the handle of a sword without blade.

"I have a great many questions." The Undead Mage starts, letting his Magic flow through the crystal in the handle so to create a sleek and large frozen blade. "I always felt like that the odds were stacked against the rebellion, especially after seeing the murals on the doors of the temple."

The frost of his armor crackled and popped, growing thicker and spikier with each passing second. "I wish there was a way for me to help you without all of… this. I'm sorry." His words were genuine, his apology heartfelt. For once, he truly disliked being an asshole, despite the fact that this time it was needed.

Deinmaar lowers his head, his own magic rumbling to life, stone and marble around him melting within seconds, "Don't apologize. I understand."

Leonidas sighs, and azure flames cloak his armored form and blade, "But you know I won't stop now. Not until we both face what is below."

Deinmaar breathes in, and his eyes close in acceptance even as he grabs his massive blade with both hands, "I know."

The pieces in Leonidas's mind started falling into place as both fighters stomped forward, blades wrapped and howling in their respective magic cleaving through the air with all the might they could muster and unleash.

Origin Runes of the Draconian Howl Spell bloomed to life on Leonidas's frozen blade cloaked in azure flames just as frost, flames and plasma clashed together.

The collision vaporized the island and the surrounding island, displacing the clouds high above and nearly sending the spectators on the wall flying.

The majority were temporarily deafened by the blast born from the collision that created a gargantuan hole in the ocean below. The waves did not even have time to rush back in to refill the hole as a wave of heat evaporated what drew close before they were frozen still.

Leonidas and Deinmaar were left falling into the depths of the island, laying directly on the ocean floor down below, now ripped apart and left out in the open after their collision.

Leonidas was out of words. He couldn't wrap his head around the sheer level of strength and power he was wielding… And he wasn't even going all out, just like Deinmaar.

He was testing the waters, while the Atmoran did not have his head in the right place so he couldn't muster the majority of his strength.

Both crashed into the depths of the table at the same time, and Leonidas swiftly stood up, unfazed by the impact.

His gaze falls on the spot he had fallen on. A throne, with a rotten table in front of it… And a corpse. A long decayed corpse, impaled upon a staff that punched straight through its broken Dragon Priest mask.

The dragon-like staff lay stabbed into the ground right before the throne, with the corpse hanging off of it, the rotten robes and masks revealing the victim to be a Dragon Priest.

Straightening himself, Leonidas lets his gaze wander around. Thick and dense steam covered most of his vision, but what he could see that was close to him… Countless thrones, countless corpses, countless destroyed masks. Each killed in a different way, but all laid to rest on their thrones.

Impaled, bisected, decapitated, pulverized- At least a dozen different Dragon Priests. That he could see now.

The pieces fell into place, and the puzzle became whole.

"This is a graveyard of your comrades, isn't it?" Leonidas questions as he hears Deinmaar slowly stand, his form cloaked within the slowly dissipating steam.

"One of my own making." The Atmoran reveals as the steam keeps fading away, revealing more thrones, more corpses, more Dragon Priests.

Dozens became hundreds, hundreds became a thousand as the enormous circular hall came into full view.

"I used my authority… To call for a meeting." Deinmaar starts, his form coming into view as he crumbles to his knees, head lowered. "The gaol was turned into a War Council when the war started, and this was the main hall."

"When the war started, I had to take a side. But I couldn't!" His fist crashes into the ground, shaking the whole hall as Leonidas looks around, finally understanding why no one could approach the island.

All these corpses of so many powerful Dragon Priests put together… It is only normal they'd create an atmosphere that none could stand in. It would be suffocating.

"The Dragon Priests are the main force of the Dragon Army. Not due to their power, but due to their intelligence." Deinmaar's fingers dig through the dust covered stone beneath him, "The mortals knew how to weaponize a Dragon arrogance. Using it to draw them into ambushes that would claim their lives."

"But the Dragons listened to their Dragon Priests, and would seek their advice, and follow their plans. If that were allowed to happen…"

Leonidas nods in understanding, "Then the war wouldn't have lasted long." Stepping forward, the Undead slowly approaches the distraught Atmoran, "Many of these Dragon Priests were your friends and comrades, weren't they?"

"Yes!"

"Not all of them were truly, fully bad."

"No!" Another fist crashes into the ground, "So many of them did it out of fear! Fear that if they joined the rebellion, their families would suffer! So many of them had brothers and sisters, daughters and sons, or husbands or wives!"

Throwing his head up, Deinmaar locked eyes with the Undead before him. Eyes filled with hate and sorrow locked with flickering green flames, "Now you know why the war was even remotely in the rebellion's favor! Because of me!"

"Because I stained my hands! Because I went against my Code! Because I committed the greatest sin of all! Because I betrayed my comrades!"

"Because I alone slaughtered the High Council of Dragon Priests!"

Leonidas sags his shoulder as he stares at the distraught man before him.

A man loyal to a fault. One who had tried, and tried… And failed due to the actions of others.

Leonidas wonders if things could have gone differently if Alduin didn't pull his bullshit.

Would Dragon and mortal been able to truly coexist? He had seen some cases so far.

Kara and Lah, husband and wife despite the sheer difference between them.

The titanic Dragon from Falkreath, that used to have a kingdom that worshiped him, and that he dearly loved.

Just two cases, but how many more did he not know about? There was Paarthurnax too, a Dragon that overcame his nature.

"I cannot say that what you've done was right." Leonidas starts, stepping closer to the kneeling giant of a man, "But I also cannot say that it was wrong." His armor cracks and falls apart, revealing the robed Undead beneath.

Reaching up, the Krosis Mask is revealed to reveal the corpse beneath, the flickering green flames now more visible than before. A frozen corpse stared down at Deinmaar, and the green flames flickered gently. "I am not here to judge you. But…"

"I want you to give yourself a chance. Please." His right hand rises up and is offered to Deinmaar, "There's a barrel of mead waiting for you in Winterhold, after all."

Deinmaar silently stares at Leonidas' outstretched hand for several silent seconds before lowering his head… And chuckling softly. "A barrel won't be enough."

Leonidas shrugs, a chuckle escaping him too, "I'm sure they'll realize their mistake too once they see just how massive you are, my guy."

Leaning back and breathing in, Deinmaar nods and raises his hand-

Only for something to crash down from the skies and shake the land.

The impact shatters the frozen waters around the bottom of the temple, yet the waters start boiling and retreating further, as if afraid of whatever had just crashed down from the Heavens.


"Anomaly."​


A voice that came from the depths of hell rumbles out from within the tower of dust born from the impact.

Gargantuan black wings blacker than the night sky spread wide, warding away any dust and debris, and revealing the titanic form beneath.

Jagged black spikes, a form so black and so terrifying it would evoke nightmares in Dragons and mortals alike.

Reality itself twisted and squirmed around the gargantuan black Dragon, as if hating and rebuking his existence.


"Your existence is a disruption to the proper flow of Time."​


Baleful red eyes glare down, instantly locking on Leonidas' robed form. Then they flick towards Deinmaar's downed form.


"Deinmaar? Good. Claim his life, and I shall pardon your foolish betrayal."​


The World-Eater declares, wings spread wide, darkening the surrounding area as if the Sun started setting.

Leonidas stares at Alduin for several quiet seconds before turning his gaze back towards the downed Deinmaar.

Their eyes lock, and if Leonidas could smile, he would. His arm rises and is offered to Deinmaar once more.

Deinmaar clasps the outstretched hand without hesitation and is helped back to his feet. His right hand opens, and his blade flies back into his grasp as he rolls his neck and stares up at Alduin defiantly.

The World-Eater growls and bares his fangs, the sound rumbling across the graveyard of Dragon Priests.

Meanwhile, Leonidas just chuckles.

"Oh, you're about to get jumped."



A.N. Another cliffhanger? Back to back?

I am loving this.

Torturing you all, I mean! Muhuahahaha-!

I did say Alduin was gonna appear some chapters ago, so here he is!

Will he lay waste to his surroundings? Will he get jumped?

Also, Aurelia and Gretel will reunite with Leo and Hildr soon enough! More diabetes inducing sweetness incoming!

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed this chappy!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, donstar260, Levky and 1,244 others
Musashi-Chan
Apr 3, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 37 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Apr 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,116
The Whirlwind Sprint Shout was the Shout she hated the most. The amount of times she nearly fell off High Hrothgar while training with couldn't be counted.

The burst of speed was too sudden. Too fast. Even with her insanely enhanced senses and strength and speed, it was still far too much for her to perfectly handle.

And now here she was, facing a Sage who likely held mastery over that damnable Shout.

Odahviing was a literal whirlwind, the very skies collapsing down in his wake. Roaring tornadoes of sharp, merciless winds tore through the valley, rising dust and shattered earth that the nimble Dragon used as cover to pounce around her.

Aurelia's mind trails to a time before she came to Skyrim, when she happened upon a beast that fought just like this. Sneaking around and using ambushes.

It had left her with a nasty scar over her back, but it had taught her a lesson.

On how to deal with such opponents.

The hair on the back of her neck stand on end as her instincts scream, and her grip over Dawnbreaker tightens enough to make her knuckles pop.

Odahviing pounces once more, surging out of a nearby tornado with terrifying speed.

Only for a brilliant to suddenly blind the beast, causing him to release a startled roar and stumble in his rush, his enormous form smashing through the earth and hills painfully.

Aurelia spun around and surged forward, capitalizing on this chance. Dawnbreaker blazes brilliantly, and its heated blade punches through tough scales and flesh alike as Aurelia stabs it clear through Odahviin's tail.

A roar of pain comes from the Dragon, and his sharp claws end up working against it as Aurelia wraps her arms around the massive tail and pulls, dragging the mighty beast with laughable ease.

With a deep inhale through her nostrils, Aurelia spins around and yanks on the tail, then she keeps spinning as the mighty Dragon Sage is yanked down on his side, then through the earth.

Aurelia kept spinning, faster and faster, dragging the beast through ruined earth and hills before his form starts rising in the air from how fast she was spinning.

The world became a blur, but Aurelia ignored it all as she felt herself reach her maximum momentum.

With a twist and turn in her grip, Odahviing's form rose further in the air until the beast drew a perfect Crescent Moon in the air with his trajectory.

And with a grunt, Aurelia slams the enormous Dragon into the earth with enough force to collapse the entire valley, the destruction nearly reaching the distant farms as earth and debris surged skyward.

Until a second Sun came into existence, "Yol-Toor-Shul!" A tsunami of white-hot flames washed forth, scorching the earth clean and setting the tornadoes alight, burning the terrible winds out existence as the earth melted and pools of boiling magma spread.

Dawbreaker swung upward before the scream of her instinct could even be fully registered by her brain, the massive form of Odahviing surging out of the pool of magma with naught a scratch to his form, deadly claw crashing down with immense force.

Scales parted before Dawnbreaker's sharpness, but the blade was far too small to stand against the immense claw, and the force of the blow slammed Aurelia into the earth, making her choke from the burning and fierce pain.

"Fus-Ro-Dah!" Her surroundings were vaporized, and the pressure on her was lifted as Odahviing was launched into the skies from the catastrophic blast of air that punched a hole into the hurricane above. A hole that was swiftly patched, annoyingly enough.

Clicking her tongue and watching the Dragon Sage stabilize himself in the sky, Aurelia breathes in through her nostrils and jumps out of the crater she had created with the Unrelenting Force Shout.

This wasn't a battle where she could prevail using might alone. Odahviing was far too wise to let her use his pride to her advantage.

And despite herself… She did not wish to use the Dragon Rend Shout, at least not yet. This was an honorable battle, one that she was going to respect as much as possible.

"How truly magnificent, Dovahkiin." The flying Dragon praises, pride evident in his booming voice, "Truly, the Dovahkiin is a wondrous existence."

"The pure might of the Thu'um from us Dov, mixed with the controlled technique of the races of Men. It leaves me in awe." A lone flap of massive wings caused the hurricane above to howl and churn.

Aurelia licks her lips and breathes in, her instincts screaming at her as she felt Odahviing grow more and more dangerous. Their previous exchanges must've been nothing more than a warm-up for the Dragon Sage.

And he was dangerously smart too. He had been able to see the changes she had applied to the Unrelenting Force Shout pretty much instantly.

She had hoped the blast would have ripped his claw apart, as she had made it so the Shout came out in a concentrated beam of energy, but all it did was shred the scales apart and leave that arm still functional, but its flesh now lay mangled and torn.

Odahviing stares down at her, each flap of his enormous wings sending forth a blast of pressurized winds in all directions, making her eyes sting more and more with each blast.

Until, finally, she allowed herself a short moment to blink.

And that is when her instincts howled as the ground behind her caved in due to a massive form slamming into the earth with speed comparable to that horrifying Spell Leonidas hurls around.

She flips around, eyesight blurry due to her eyes still being partly irritated, and pain explodes all over her form.

Gashes cover her armor, arm and shoulders as Odahviing disappears once more, tearing at her with sharp blades of winds, turning the contest of might into one of speed.

Despite his size, the Dragon Sage showcased his mastery over the Whirlwind Shout by becoming a blur, too fast for Aurelia to follow, blood seeping from the gashes and wounds left upon her form from the initial attack.

A burst of Holy Magic flows out of her, instantly healing the wounds and soothing her pain as she straightens herself, Dawnbreaker twirling in her grasp before she sheathes it on her back.

Her eyes flicked left and right as she stood still, watching as the blur flying by all around her left gouges into the earth with his passing.

Licking her lips, a cheeky grin suddenly spreads across her face as she lifts one free hand. A blinding brilliance of golden light erupts out of her form, cloaking her from view as she whispers her Shouts, "Iiz-Slen-Nus."

The Dragon Ice Blade formed into her hands, bringing with it a chill greater and deadlier than the waters north of Skyrim.

Her grin grows when she feels Odahviing pounce once more, trusting her hard-trained instincts once more as she flips the Dragon Ice Blade in her grasp… And stabs it into the ground.

A glacier roars into existence as a wave of glacial might washes forth, freezing the entire valley and the charging Dragon Sage solid, his enormous sharp claw outstretched and inches away from her back.

Her left hand opens as Aurelia whirls around to stare at the frozen Dragon, "Fus-Ro-Dah." A bluish blade that twisted the space and air around it formed in her grasp, and Aurelia swiftly swung it at the momentarily frozen Dragon.

A simple, relaxed, upward slash that allowed the tip of the blade to hit the Dragon Sage straight in the jaw.

The ensuing blast was ear-splitting, pulverizing the land of jagged frozen spikes she had conjured and nearly demolishing Odahviing's lower jaw, sending the Dragon hurling and back-flipping through the air from the horrendous concentrated impact.

Eyes wide, pupils dilapidated and enormous battle-hungry grin on her face, Aurelia watched as the Dragon stabilized himself, and one of its eyes looked in a certain direction before vanishing.

Her grin grows near predatory, "Oh, I understand it now!" With a crazed giggle that could have made Leonidas both proud and afraid, Aurelia speaks yet another three Words, "Wuld-Nah-Kest!"

A sonic-boom cracks the air in her wake, and Odahviing's eyes widen as the massive beast reels back in shock when she appears right before him.

His gaze then flicks away and he vanishes, only to once more reel back in shock when the Dragonborn is right there a split-second after.

"So that's how the Whirlwind Sprint Shout works!" Aurelia laughs, feeling like an idiot for having never grasped its simple concept until now.

It was based on sight. It would hurl her a certain distance, in the very direction she was staring at, even if she wasn't fasting it.

Unwilling to admit his loss, the Dragon Sage becomes a blur once more, the Dragonborn in his wake, their forms traveling and circling the valley around Whiterun within moments.

Until, finally… Aurelia's words were faster than Odahviing's gaze.

His form appears in a blur of speed right before the downward swing of a space-rupturing blade that smashes into his skull, shattering several of his sharp teeth and hammering half of his body into the earth.

The Dragonborn twirls in place, Dragon Force Blade spinning in her grasp before being hurled like a javelin into Odahviing's exposed side, the impact punching a hole through scales and flesh, but not a severely fatal one.

Odahviing's form rises from the earth just as the Dragon Ice Blade swings through the air once more, releasing a surge of glacial winds that, while not even half as strong as the previous swing, still manages to lock the Dragon's mighty limbs in thick ice.

The final remnants of energy within the blade was released when Aurelia hurls it at Odahviing's open jaws, sealing them shut in a prison of dense ice.

Like all Dragons before him, Aurelia rarely struggled for long against them. Once she learned all of their tricks, then they were easy hunting.

Paarthurnax had described her as the perfect 'Dragon Hunter' for that very reason.

Her right hand stretches out, a Shout on her lips, ready to end the fight and claim another victory, but Odahviing clearly refused to go down without a final, true clash.

His wings flapped, and roaring gales sent her form flying away while they ripped apart his frozen prison, allowing him to take flight and rise high into the skies.

The hurricane howled and shuddered, lightning flashing and rumbling across the pitch black clouds, and at the very eye of the storm now lay the Dragon Sage, each flap of his wings causing the hurricane to shudder.

Her hands clenched into tight fists at the sight, "The people within Whiterun just achieved a thorough, valiant victory against near impossible odds." Her eyes narrowed, "That hurricane is an eyesore. They deserve to bask in the sunlight after such a battle."

Paarthurnax had told her not to use it, as it was too dangerous. She did it once, even used all the words but put barely any power in it.

Now, she'll do it again and unleash all of its strength without care.

"Nin-" To strike- "Vey-" To cut- "Luv!" To tear.

Her hands stretch out as Reality itself wails, the Dragon Blade that comes into existence being a simple mottled color.

Yet its very existence instantly became a threat to her and her surroundings.

Her hands wrapped around its handle, and her gauntlets were instantly torn to shred, her skin being torn apart by hundreds of cuts trying to erase her from existence itself.

Her forearms suffered the same fate, her blood raining down on the land being cut and torn and shredded into dust below.

Her Holy Magic flowed forth, countering the damage being done to her body so she could grip the blade freely, her gaze flicking up to the skies above.

Odahviing breathes in, and the hurricane stills. The howling winds that battered the valley and city suddenly going quiet.

Then he breathes them out. A gargantuan cyclone that could shred Whiterun apart is spewed forth- Only to disperse before it could fully form and reach its true size, and reveal its true might.

Aurelia breathes out and flicks her bare hands to her sides, sending a mental apology to Hircine for having ruined his armor so thoroughly that she doubted she could use it again now.

With a blink, she smiles when sunlight streams down from above.

The hurricane itself was cleaved in half and was swiftly dispersing into nothing, allowing the brilliant Sun to rain down upon the valley.

Together with a severely wounded Dragon Sage, his fall leaving a massive crater behind.

Aurelia approaches it with a relaxed pace despite the Cutting Shout having taken a lot out of her. It was taboo for a reason. All that power always comes at a cost.

A deep, weak and wheezing chuckle reaches her ears the moment she stops at the edge of the crater where the wounded Odahviing lays, a massive bleeding gash cleaved across his whole belly, nearly having cleaved the beast in half, but also close to having disemboweled him.

"How truly terrifying you are, Dovahkiin…" The Dragon Sage praises, weakly lifting his head to stare at her, "As the victor of this duel, it is your right to do with me as you see fit."

Aurelia's fists clench tightly once more, "Why were you stalling for time?" She demands, and the Dragon chuckles weakly once more.

"It is too late." The Dragon states, making her teeth grit, "The World-Eater has already engaged his target."

Dawnbreaker is drawn and held an inch away from Odahviing's pupil, "Who is it?" Aurelia demands as she flares her nostrils, a pit of fear and worry forming into her belly, "Who is his target?!"

"The Anomaly." Odahviing chuckles once more, confusing Aurelia, "He who sunders Fate with his mere existence. He who has ruined the proper flow of time."

Her hand trembles, yet the Dragon keeps speaking, "His existence is Wrong. It has made the World-Eater nervous… Afraid."

"So he took it upon himself to deal with the issue."

Aurelia couldn't wrap her head around it. He had to be talking about Leonidas, but… Was he truly this Anomaly?

Each time he spoke of home, it sounded like a land of fantasies, from mere stories. But yet she trusted him, for the fondness in his voice could not be faked.

Paarthurnax had shown interest in him, and spoke of Leonidas like he was a wonder.

'He who sunders Fate with his mere existence.'

Those words ring within her mind over and over… Until she kicks them out and glares at the downed Dragon before her.

"If something happens to him…" She starts, her voice a low growl, her grip over Dawnbreaker creaking until her knuckles popped loudly, "If I lose him…"

"I will personally make sure your kind will disappear off the face of Nirn once and for all."

There was no way she could reach Winterhold from here, even if she gave her all. But she was tired beyond belief and close to crashing.

She'd be more of a liability than assistance. So all she could do was pray to Arkay for Hildr and Leonidas' well-being.

Nothing was going to take Leonidas from her.


~~XXX~~​


"Why yo' voice sound like you smoked five packs of cigars and then deep-throated a fat dick for a couple hours straight?"

Deinmaar's armor creaks as he slowly turns his head to stare down at the Undead Mage beside him.

Who, as if sensing his gaze, turned his skeletal frozen head to stare right back at him, "What? Tell me I'm wrong."

Deinmaar really couldn't. And he hated that… Just a tiny bit.

The World-Eater, for all of his non-existent composure, merely snarled and moved to pounce forward-

"I mean, it also sounds like he is making his voice deeper on purpose." Leonidas continues, raising a lone left arm and hand in Alduin's general direction, "Tryin' to sound cool and shit. You get what I mean?"

With a flex of his Magicka, he let it flow forth and releases a gargantuan beam of glacial, howling winds that swallowed Alduin whole, the sheer size of the beam making the gargantuan Dragon appear like an ant in comparison.

Deinmaar glanced at the beam of Frost and barely held back a wince. He wouldn't like being on the receiving end of that. Mainly because he was starting to hate the cold.

Specifically, the horrifying cold conjured by Leonidas.

"...I now can't get it out of my head." Still, he also barely holds back a snort at Leonidas' words.

His mood was all over the place after their recent battle, and Alduin's appearance just fueled Deinmaar's growing wrath and anger.

But Leonidas' presence just… It kept him centered. Focused. The Undead had a strange but captivating charisma to him.

"Oh, I am the World-Eater, beware of my might!" Said Undead mocks as his beam of Frost Magic comes to an end, his voice sounding way too deep and rumbling like the growl of a Sabertooth Tiger.

This time Deinmaar fails to hold back the snort that makes his whole massive form shake and tremble minutely.

Oh, and the World-Eater comes back into view, frozen solid. Not that it really did anything to the giant beast.

"Why are you like this?"

"You know, I get asked that question a lot." Leonidas points out as the ice prison around Alduin starts cracking, "Still, I got a laugh outta you!"

Reaching over, Leonidas pats Deinmaar's back with as much strength he could muster, "Don't hold back on my account, buddy. Go as wild as you need."

Deinmaar breathes in, then breathes out. The inferno of his wrath at having the reason behind all of his torment and greatest failure and mistake before him was… quelled by those words.

It turned into fuel. Fuel that warmed his body and brought back that unyielding might and spirit from times long gone.

"Thank you for this…" Deinmaar stopped himself before saying 'Leonidas', for it felt wrong to call the Undead by name. He was someone who risked death so that he could offer Deinmaar a hand and drag him out of the dark abyss he had been wallowing in for countless centuries.

So, the titan of a man straightens his shoulders and looks down at the Undead Mage, his mind set, "Thank you for this, brother." That was the proper way to call a man such as him.

Leonidas is faintly startled at Deinmaar's words, but a chuckle soon leaves his robed form. "No need to thank me, buddy." And that is when Alduin broke free from his prison with a roar of fury, his gargantuan form pouncing forward without wasting a second.

Immense claws dug through the earth like it was butter as the beast launched himself at Leonidas, his one and only target.

Yet, a wall of pure muscles and might slammed into the side of Alduin's skull before his jaws could even fully reach the relaxed robed Undead.

The sheer force behind the shoulder charge sent Alduin's skull flying to the side, and a wheeze sun left the beast when Leonidas flicks a lone finger skyward and conjures a rising spiky pillar of ice and had it slam straight into Alduin's guts with enough force to lift the Dragon off the ground.

Deinmaar did not stop, each of his steps shaking the earth as he charged at Alduin without fear, an unstoppable Juggernaut overflowing with violence and with a blade eager for blood.

Alduin slams onto the earth with a loud crash, and Deinmaar pounces with a roar flowing out of his lips, his whole body turning as he swings his greatsword with both hands and every ounce of might he had at his disposal.

Alduin's scales do not give in from the blow, but the beast roars in anger thorough the deafening shock-wave that ripples forth, all that power being concentrated into a destructive wave of pure force and death that carved a ravine into the ocean floor.

The ocean waters, once having been kept at bay by Alduin's mere existence and aura alone, now surged back to fill the cavity left behind.

A frozen chain wraps around Deinmaar's waists, dragging him onto a rising pillar of ice that brings them high above the surging and crashing waters.

The Dragon Priest closes his eyes, unable to watch the graveyard of Dragon Priest be destroyed further and buried beneath the ocean forever.

Deep within, he prays for the forgiveness of his comrades. Of his allies and friends. But he knows that now he must push forth, as duty calls him once more.

"You gonna be alright?" Leonidas asks, having clearly caught his gaze and faint distress.

Beneath his armor, Deinmaar smiles as he nods lightly, "I will be."

Leonidas nods, the ice chain he had used to yank Deinmaar crumbling to powder as he turns his gaze towards the churning ocean that had swallowed the World-Eater whole.

Then the waters parted, and Leonidas swiftly reacted, conjuring a gargantuan Ward just in time to stop the concentrated beam of flames aimed at them.

The waters boiled around them, the Ward cracking more and more as the beam of it remained locked in a single spot, spilling white-hot flames in all directions together with powerful raging winds.

"Brother!" Deinmaar calls out as the World Eater rises above the boiling and steaming waters, but the Dragon wasn't the source of the Dragon Priest's distress, "The after-shocks-!"

Turning his head, Leonidas looks towards Winterhold, where the blasts of wind and the surging waves of the ocean kept slamming at the cliff below Winterhold, tearing into it over and over.

One nasty hit, and a good portion of the city would collapse into the waters below.

Leonidas's gaze wanders towards the College, where he knew someone precious to him was taking shelter.

The Wards of the College could keep it safe from the waves. It should. It has to.

The mere thought of something happening to Hildr because of his carelessness made something within Leonidas just… snap.

The green flames within his eye-sockets, for but a moment that went unseen by anyone other than a certain Mad Star, flickered into a malevolent, twisted dark purple color.

Alduin's roar choked short as the mighty beast felt as if a meteorite the size of a mountain slammed into his body, cracking scales and rupturing flesh.

His form, once flying in the air above the water, was now but a dot in the distance, the sheer force and speed and pure power behind the Spell that slammed into Alduin having split the ocean all the way to the horizon.

Deinmaar flinches back, having been unable to see what Leonidas had done. He had caught sight of an Original Rune coming into existence… One the size of a mountain, before Alduin just… disappeared.

"Now…" The Undead sighed and rolled his neck, the usual cheer in his voice completely gone, "Ready to body-slam that bitch?"

Now, Deinmaar wasn't a man that would fall to the lure of something that sounded downright lovely… But this time he made an exception. Just this time.

"Do you even have to ask?"

"Right, stupid question." Then, Leonidas turns to fully face me, "Throw me at the fucker."

Deinmaar didn't even need to think twice and merely acted instantly as Leonidas offered him an arm encased in frozen armor. His own massive hand clasped around Leonidas' wrist before the titan of a man whirled around.

Then hurled Leonidas towards the direction where Alduin disappeared, a distant 'Wheeee~!' being heard through the sonic-boom unleashed by Leonidas' take off.

Then, the ice platform beneath Deinmaar's feet was pulverized as he jumped, disappearing into the distance himself.

Far over the horizon, Alduin's titanic form was bouncing on water like a pebble thrown with the right amount of speed and at the right angle, each impact causing huge waves to surge from the surface of the water.

The impacts disoriented the beast more and more, stopping the World-Eater from effectively regaining any form of balance, the sheer pain from what had initially sent him flying having left his mind blank.

Never before did the World-Eater experience such pain. He always stood at the peak in pure might. None could contend or stand against him, even those accursed twins.

So now this weakness of his vexed him. It vexed him greatly. And it also made him afraid.

His wings fold, then his tail lashes out, displacing the air with the sheer force of the whip-like strike, destroying the surface of the water and allowing him to just smash into the frigid ocean and not bounce upon yet again.

A growls flows past his jaws as he rises out of the surface, the waters boiling and steaming against his scales as his gargantuan wings spread, ready to drag him back into the skies, his domain-

Only for him to falter when a brilliant light filled the skies, and Alduin's red eyes widened at the sight of the colossal dark blue Original Rune burning itself into the very Heavens above.

Then, that hateful voice of the Anomaly roared forth, a lone Shout that caused the air to tremble, "QO!"

The world flashes black and white, and Alduin has no time to react as pillar the size of an island smashes down upon him.

The skies and the ocean evaporated as the pillar of lightning stabs into the very bowels of the planet, its thunderous howls covering the loud roars of pain from the World-Eater.

Lightning, the bane of all Magicka. The more Magicka one has inside their bodies, the more it will hurt when they are struck by Lightning Magic.

They'll feel as if their very essence is being gouged out of their bodies in the most brutal and painful way possible. Due to this, it was considered the most painful and horrendous way to torture someone, especially during wars.

And now the World-Eater himself, he who never experienced pain before for he had no equal, was experiencing such pain as the lightning from Vasavi Shakti flowed into him.

Even in this weakened state of his, he still had enormous Magicka reserves, even if they go unused.

The humiliation, the weakness forced upon him, the pain… The roar of pain became one of pure fury, and a powerful blast erupts from his jaws, making the Heavens wail as the skies are twisted.

A hurricane dozens of times worse than the one that stood above Helgen the day it was wiped off the maps came into existence, lightning scattered across the black clouds like ants escaping their destroyed nest, and meteors the size of buildings were spewed forth.

It was a scene straight out of the Apocalypse itself, and the sheer power released by the activation of Alduin's favorite and mastered shout eradicated the lightning pillar, freeing him from that horrifying pain that still left his limbs aching.

In response to him taking charge of the skies, a wave of glacial winds spread forth in all directions, freezing the ocean down to the very bottom.

"Super Hero Landing-!" Leonidas then smashed nearly a dozen feet deep into the frozen ocean, bringing the World-Eater to a pause.

A short lived pause, unfortunately, as the very next second a massive wall of muscles bodily slammed into Alduin's head, smashing him into the frozen landscape below.

"Deinmaar!" Alduin roars, stabilizing himself and slamming his claws into the dense ice below, a snarl upon his jaws, "You traitorous filth!"

Deinmaar slams into the ice soon after the impact against Alduin's skull, his massive form stabilizing near-instantly as he twirls his enormous blade with ease. "You ruined my dream." The Atmoran spits out, "So it was only right that I ruined your pathetic purpose."

Alduin growls and claws at the ice below, "Do you truly believe you accomplished anything?" A cruel, deep chuckle rumbles out of Alduin's steaming jaws, "You simply delayed the inevitable. I will lay waste upon these lands, regain my might, and feast upon this very planet!"

Deinmaar just shakes his head mockingly, "The only thing you will feast upon is my blade."

The World-Eater pounces, giant claw stabbing towards the titan of a man who merely spins out of the way and reaches over to rest his hand on Alduin's arm.

Clawed gauntlet fingers bend, then stab through scales and flesh alike as Deinmaar squeezes, then pulls, yanking and slamming Alduin into the ice below with laughable ease. "This weakness of yours irks me. It feels like I am bullying a child." Deinmaar sneers, then grunts and spins around.

Alduin is lifted like he weights nothing, then is hurled across the frozen landscape, smashing painfully into the jagged pillar of ice that used to be waves.

With a snarl of fury, Alduin jumps and takes momentary flight before pouncing upon Deinmaar, steaming jaws open to bite down on the giant of a man.

Who, instead of dodging, merely stabs his greatsword into the ice beside him before spreading his arms to welcome the challenge.

Breathing in, Deinmaar leans forward and reaches out with his hands as Alduin crashes into him, left hand stopped his upper jaw and right hand stopping the lower one.

Then, he yanks them both down, lowering Alduin's head and freeing his hands, which rise far above him and cup together before smashing down upon the World-Eater's skull like a meteorite, the horrifying blow smashing the Dragon's head into the ice below.

Not done yet, Deinmaar stomps forward and hugs Alduin's bent neck, and his arms then squeeze as he grabs a good hold of the stunned beast before lifting.

With a roar of fury and exertion, Deinmaar bends his back and lifts the gargantuan Dragon into the air… Before suplexing him into the frozen landscape with enough force the shatter it for miles.

With a pant and spin, Deinmaar stumbles and rises back to his feet upon the uneven surface at the very edge of the crater left behind by Alduin's body, his blade flying back into his grasp.

Then something smashes into the ground beside him with an 'Oof!', and turning his head, Deinmaar relaxes when he notices that it was just Leonidas, now sprawled on the ground starfish style.

A moment of quiet falls between the two as Leonidas seems to process what he had just witnessed.

"Did you just suplex the absolute shit out of the World-Eater?"

Deinmaar shrugs despite his desire to laugh. It was indeed very, very satisfying.

"That was the most beautiful thing I've ever witnessed…" Leonidas sighs out, then grabs the offered hand as Deinmaar helps him back on his feet.

And that is when the World-Eater resurfaces, roaring in fury and releasing immense waves of heat-

"Ay man, we hear you." Leonidas sniffs, and Alduin's jaws click shut, baleful red eyes glowering down at the Undead Mage, "Roaring doesn't make you cool, ya know?"

Alduin growls, and steam billows out of his tightly clenched jaws.

Leonidas, of course, latches onto that show of anger, "Aw, is the big scawy dwagon mad? Gonna cwy to daddy?" Deinmaar snorts, then barely holds back the loud bark of laughter that threatens to spill out of his lips, "Don't worry, you're catching this fade first, then yo' bitch-ass daddy is next."

And then the giant Atmoran pauses. Why does Leonidas want to fight Akatosh-?

A giant claw smashes down on Leonidas, and a pillar of frost smashes into Alduin's guts once more.

Deinmaar hacks his blade down on Alduin's claw, shattering scales and barely drawing as he frees the now the huge armored form of Leonidas, who had shrugged off the blow with ease.

"Think we are far enough away to cut loose?" Leonidas questions Deinmaar, who bares his teeth beneath his helmet in a savage and twisted grin.

"More than enough." With a flex of his will, plasma washes forth in tidal waves, cloaking his form in its brilliant heated form.

And despite the heat rising to horrifying levels, a dense frozen mist covers the frozen landscape, causing the World-Eater to shudder from the cold, much to his horror.

"I have a plan." Leonidas states, and Deinmaar nods.

"I'll follow."

No more words were needed, and pillars of ice sprouted from below and curved through the air, smashing into Alduin's left side faster than he could blink.

His form is tossed to the rapidly melting ground, and frozen chains soon bound his form down, barely flinching or cracking from the Dragon's constant struggles.

With a bellow of might, Deinmaar's flaming form crashes down towards Alduin's defenseless neck, his blade hacking down with every ounce of hate and anger within his body.

Scales and flesh part, but despite the force of the impact that shakes the land, the blade barely cuts a few inches deep into the Dragon's tough flesh.

But that was enough for Leonidas, who then nodded towards Deinmaar. It showed that Alduin could be wounded and could bleed.

But they didn't know if he could be slain by anyone other than the Dragonborn.

So, Deinmaar jumps back, right beside Leonidas, as Alduin trashes free from his bindings and snarls towards them- The Dragon pauses when his targets are not where they were a moment prior.

Instead, his sight is filled with an enormous shaking pillar of ice.

"Bet you can't catch us, bitch!" Alduin looks up at that holler, and growls as he watches the Anomaly wave mockingly down at him as the pillar he was standing on kept rising towards the skies.

Instead of doing the smart thing and smashing the pillar apart, Alduin instead snarls and pounces upon it, then starts climbing it like an agile cat, climbing dozens of meters with each leap.

Leaning back, Leonidas starts at seeing his plan working, "We have one chance at this." He states softly, turning his head towards Deinmaar, "His idiocy has given us a chance to either stop this now, or buy us a lot of time."

"Think we can kill him?" Deinmaar questions, glancing down over the edge of the still rising pillar to look at the approaching, snarling Dragon.

Leonidas sighs and shakes his head, "I don't know, honestly." He crosses his arms encased in ice armor with a low hum, "But I know we can hurt him, and make him afraid."

Deinmaar considers those words for a short few seconds before nodding, "Let us hurt him. If we see a chance to kill him, then we pounce upon it." They share a nod of agreement on that.

"One blow, with all we got." Leonidas offers, "You warmed up enough for that?"

Deinmaar chuckles, "I will need some time. It has been far too long since I gave my all in a battle, after all."

"I'll buy us the time we need, then." With that, Leonidas walks to the edge of the pillar and stares down, the immense structure of ice having long since pierced through the cloud layer.

In fact, the sky was starting to grow dark, showing that they had reached the lower troposphere.

Behind Leonidas, Deinmaar brandished his blade and focused all of his flames and roaring plasma upon its edge. Ancient runes lit up along the sword and armor, but Leonidas did not focus on that and simply flicked his wrist.

Jagged spikes form and stab out from the gargantuan pillar rising towards the Heavens, the sudden attack smashing Alduin off the pillar, forcing him to flap his wings to remain in flight and not loose too much ground-

Baleful red eyes widen when stars shine in the skies above. Dozens, then hundreds, then thousands-

And then they all rain down with ear-deafening cracks of air exploding, each blow staggering the titan of a Dragon but not hurting that much.

But when hundreds smash into his far each second, the pain builds up, and Alduin's roars in annoyance as he is pushed back, stopped from approaching his damnable target.

Leonidas kept his left hand aimed towards Alduin while the other one rose towards the darkening skies above.

Inwardly, he reminds himself to do something nice for Kara for having taught him the Original Runes. They were an immense boon, one that he really needed right now.

The brilliant Original Rune of his go-to Spell flares into existence within his palm, then Leonidas lets all of his Magicka flow into it.

It swells, growing bigger at an immense rate while weaker Draconian Howls keep raining down upon Alduin form below, stalling the beast for the much needed time.

A dozen more Original Runes take shape around the enormous still growing one, then ten more form around each of the new ones, then ten more around each of them.

Leonidas breathes in, feeling his reserves just sink even with how immense they are. But he knew that he needed more.

So he didn't bother holding back. Even if he dried up his reserves, they'd refill in no time.

"I am ready, brother." Leonidas turns his head to regard Deinmaar, with his hands now gripping the glowing white-hot greatsword. "On your go."

Leonidas nods and turns his gaze skyward, where the gargantuan Original Rune and its smaller connected ones spread across the skies for what must've been miles, surprising him greatly.

He didn't know he had that much Magicka.

Then, with a flicker of his will, it shrank down and appeared at the tip of his index finger. "Alright, let's fuck him up."

Down below, Alduin growls and narrows his eyes when the rain of Spells hindering his flight suddenly came at an end, but he did not dare waste more time and surged skyward as fast as he could, drawing closer and closer to the top until, finally, his target and the traitor peeked over the edge of the frozen pillar.

He bares his jaw at the sight, the constant humiliation forced upon him having ground away the pride of his that demanded a fair challenge against the Anomaly, so that he could do away with that stain properly.

But now, Alduin did not care anymore. So much so that the moment his gaze landed upon the Anomaly, his mind was made.

He was going to use that Forbidden Shout. The Soul Tear Shout.

It was hated and greatly feared for the mere fact that it erased a Soul. It could permanently kill a Dragon, and Dragons hated the existence of such a Shout that could easily be turned against them.

And now, with his hated target before him, Alduin did not hold back. He was the World-Eater, rules were never meant to bind him.

So his jaws part open, pure hateful glee shines within his eyes from his assured victory as he speaks, "Rii-Vaaz-Zol-!"

A series of loud, blaring sounds make Alduin pause and blink.

Where was he…? Where did the Anomaly go?

All around him were towering structures of stone, with some having strange signs and words upon them.

Far up in the clear sky, he could see strange metallic birds streaking past.

Down below, strange creatures of metals on wheels released those blaring sounds that grated upon his ears as they moved along. Each a different color or shape and marked with strange words and numbers.

What is this place?

Then, right below him was a literal sea of people, all walking and wearing strange clothes, some talking to small rocks within their hands.

The World-Eater was greatly confused, but just as he was about to lash out, he feels his gaze be dragged back towards the moving sea of people.

His baleful red eyes land upon the only person not moving within the crowd, a dark blue hood covering their head.

Slowly, the figure of the woman turns, head head rising and turning so to stare straight at Alduin, whose eyes widen in recognition.

The dark haired woman holding a bag of groceries glares his way.


"His Soul is not something the likes of you can touch."​


Her voice carried forth with an authority only a Divine holds, and his scales cracked beneath that unquestionable might.

And Alduin suddenly understood the Anomaly.

He understood why Time was thrown in disarray due to his mere presence.

He understood why Fate itself now was uncertain due to him.

He understood how the Anomaly came to be.


"Begone from this Realm, filth."​

He was the Champion of Fate.

The realization numbs the Dragon… Before his whole form started shaking.

And the World-Eater raged.


"ITHELIAAAAAAAAA-!"​


For even Fate itself now stands against him in the form of her Champion.

For even Time itself, the Domain of his Father, was thrown into disarray due to the Anomaly.

For even his brethren now doubted him for his lacking strength.

Everything stood against the World-Eater, and he hated it.

So he raged.

Until his consciousness was wrenched back into the Dream with a gasp.

A blade falls-

The World-Eater's eyes widen-

A giant, severed limb spins through the air-

And a massive hole is punched straight through his chest.


A.N. Apologies on the wait for this chapter!

Writing action back to back is quite tiring.

Especially writing fights against giant beasts. Those are very tiring to do, as I have discovered.

Anyway, hope y'all haven't missed this fic too much!

But in case ya did, I left quite a few secrets in this chapter for y'all to find and point out in the reviews!

Some are easy to find, some are next to impossible!

Hope y'all enjoy and have enjoyed it so far!

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Glad to be back!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, donstar260, Levky and 1,177 others
Musashi-Chan
Apr 10, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 38 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Apr 13, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,203
It wasn't over yet.

That was the thought that rang within both Deinmaar's and Leonidas' minds at the same time.

Even with such a grievous wound and a severed arm, they both knew that Alduin wouldn't go down so easily.

And go down easily he did not.

Baleful red eyes widened in pure, overflowing fury. A roar of madness flowed through open jaws before two gargantuan winds flapped, displacing the very air with a catastrophic, ear-deafening crack.

The World-Eater's bleeding form blurred across the air, slamming into the cracking and crumbling ice pillar, right where Leonidas lay, the sheer speed behind the massive Dragon catching the Undead off-guard.

But he was fast enough to call upon the Juggernaut Spell, saving himself from being turned into dust by the enormous claws that slammed him into the ice below, pulverizing the majority of the surrounding ice and pinning him down to the broken pillar.

"The fuck do you want now, you goddamn tripod!?" Leonidas hollers as the giant beast presses down with his one good claw, nails digging through compact ice like it was butter.

Alduin's answer was a point-blank roar, and Leonidas, being his usual self, just screamed back at Alduin without care despite only his head being visible between the gaps of Alduin's claws.

Then he stopped screaming and tilted his head to the side, "Oh, what's that behind you?!"

Of course, Alduin had no time to react before a massive javelin of lighting pierced down from the Heavens and slammed straight into his back, the heated lightning flowing through the gaping hole in his chest and back and tearing through his exposed insides.

The World-Eater howled due to the overflowing pain, his body twisting against his will, allowing Leonidas to swiftly roll out from beneath the claw that pinned him to the ground and jump back to his feet.

And he did not waste a second to get revenge for being pinned down.

The human body had a safety measure where it would subconsciously hold back its true strength so to not damage itself when throwing a punch against something hard.

But the body of an Undead that feels no pain does not have such a safety measure, and Leonidas right arm sparkled with a dozen stars before he punched upward.

His uppercut smashed into Alduin's lowered jaw, slamming it against the upper one and making his brain rattle in his skull, the sheer force behind the blow pulverizing the frozen platform and lifting the World-Eater's upper body, his hind legs resting and slipping off the very edge of the crumbling pillar.

And Leonidas shoulder-charged into his exposed belly, throwing them off the platform and sending them hurtling down towards the bottom.

Baleful red eyes blink, and Alduin growls, staring down at his as the Anomaly stood up on his back.

Then lifted one hand to give him the middle finger as sparks of lightning overflowed out of his frozen skull, "This all you fuckin' got, World-Eater?!"

His insane cackle was followed by a deafening thunderclap as another javelin of lightning crashed down from the Heavens and into Alduin, turning them both into a meteorite that swiftly crashed down onto the frozen ocean below.

Deinmaar stumbles slightly from the impact, falling to one knee as he pants heavily, his body feeling so heavy and tired.

After being still for countless centuries, all of this was taxing upon him. The battle in the temple mentally taxed his already exhausted self, then Alduin's arrival just made it all worse.

A part of him wanted to just slump down and fall into eternal sleep. To just… Rest. A rest he did not deserve, but one he yearned for. Even if it will be haunted by nightmares.

His fist clenched around the handle of his greatsword, and he screwed his eyes shut after stealing a single glance at it.

For a moment, he saw the blood of his comrades dripping from the blade and from his hands.

"Deinmaar." A voice called to him. A voice that kept him company for many moons. A voice that read him books, and told him about the history he missed, of battles he'd loved to take part in, of moments he wanted he wanted to witness with his own eyes.

"Deinmaar, look at me." He did. He lifted his head and stared at those flickering green flames of the man that offered him a hand out of the dark abyss.

Alduin had been buried in the frozen ocean once more, but it was temporary. He had to stand. He had to fight.

Yet he felt so weak. So useless.

"Back there, in that graveyard?" Leonidas speaks up, his voice heavy yet gentle, "We were just two nobodies, fighting over nothing, in the middle of fucking nowhere."

Deinmaar wanted to argue. He wanted to say that his crime wasn't 'nothing'. That his guilt wasn't for 'nothing'.

But his mouth opened, and no protest came to the surface.

"But right here, right now?" The Undead stresses, "We are two crazy sons of bitches trying our hardest to make a difference."

One hand was offered to him once more, "Let's make it count, buddy."

Any doubt, any fear, any negative thought- They were all squashed instantly. Deinmaar breathes in and clasps that offered hand without hesitation and stands upon his feet, filled with renewed vigor and energy.

A shock-wave ripples forth just as he does that, nearly making them both stumble as the frozen ocean surface started sinking in.

A vacuum of air came into existence, a loud persistent howl accompanying the storm of gales rushing down towards that swiftly expanding sinkhole that devoured everything in sight.

Gargantuan wings as black as the night flapped loudly, slowly dragging the wounder and bleeding form of the World-Eater back into view and up in the air.

The world started going dark as soon as the World-Eater came into view, as within his jaws lay something that could devour anything and everything, be it material or immaterial.

A Black Hole.

Light, wind, the frozen ocean, gravity- It all was being sucked in, reduced to powder from the sheer pressure of the gravitational anomaly.

But where one would have despaired at such a sight, Leonidas merely tilted his head, "I've watched so much anime that I know how to counter such bullshit." He shrugs while Deinmaar perks up.

The Undead flicks his wrist, and large, tough chains of ice shoot out of the ice far behind and below Alduin, curving up in the sky and around his form to reach his jaws.

Baleful red eyes widen a second too late as those frozen chains wrap around his jaws- Then slam them shut around the gravitational anomaly.

The ensuing explosion was gory. Scales, bones and blood flew everywhere as Alduin's lower jaw was pulverized, while his upper jaw was mangled beyond belief.

A cry of pain barely flowed out of the giant Dragon as he started falling once more before a massive figure pounced at the chance, massive fist drawn back-

Then punching straight through Alduin's right eye, sending more blood flying everywhere as the wounded and crippled Dragon howled and tossed around in the air before crashing back down in the pit of his own creation.

With a grunt, Deinmaar lands, having been yanked back to the ground by a frozen chain, his gaze falling down into the pit below. "He is persistent, I'll give him that."

Leonidas nods with a low hum, "I don't think he ever fought someone that could match him in power." He hums softly, but soon perks up when Deinmaar shakes his head.

"No, he must have." Deinmaar states heavily, staring down at one of his hands with a glare, "After she imprisoned me, Konahriik took him on. I felt the after-shocks of their battle for an entire month."

Leonidas hissed at that, "I asked Krosis about her, but the guy nearly pissed himself when he heard her name."

Deinmaar chuckles at that, "When I… rebelled." The giant of a man states, using a word that did not leave a bad taste in his mouth, "Krosis was one of the newer Dragon Priests. He survived for not having a high enough status to have a seat in the Council."

Leonidas wondered how the other Dragon Priests survived. Did they ignore the summons, or were some of them similar to Krosis? Or were they people recruited in a hurry to try and refill their now empty ranks?

"Think she's still alive?" The Undead questions, and Deinmaar's shoulders sag.

"She must be." The giant of a man whispers, "Otherwise, the chains binding me would have disappeared."

Leonidas sighs, then shakes away those thoughts, his gaze flicking back to the pit Alduin had fallen into. His broken and heavily wounded form stirred for a moment-

"Slen-Tiid-Vo."​

Three simple whispered words.

The gaping hole in his chest was stitched back together like it was never there. His destroyed jaws were back to normal the next second, and a new claw replaced his severed one.

All wounds upon him were gone within seconds.

"You gotta be fucking kidding me…" Both Undead and Atmoran whispered at the same time at the sight.

They both swiftly readied themselves for another grueling fight, but when Alduin lifted his head to gaze at them once more, the rage they expected to see within his eyes wasn't there.

Instead, there was fear.

Two giant wings flapped, and the enormous Dragon blasted out of the hole, into the skies, and swiftly escaped towards the horizon without saying a word.

Both men stared at the World-Eater's retreating figure grow smaller and smaller for several seconds before looking at each other.

Then they burst out in loud fits of laughter.

"He ran! That bitch fuckin' ran! Hah!" Leonidas wheezed as he sat on the ground, Deinmaar's huge form falling down right beside him, his own laughter ringing loud and filled with satisfaction.

"A claw and an eye…" The giant Atmoran sighs out, "They might not be his life, but I still made him bleed plenty."

"And squeal like a lil' bitch."

"That was mostly you, brother." Deinmaar points out, "Those javelins of lightning of yours were terrifying."

"Talks the dude that body-slammed the fucking World-Eater like it was nothing." Leonidas huffs and sulks like a child, "Shoulda gone for his asshole like all the other Dragons."

"...I don't even want to know the history behind those words."

Chuckling, Leonidas sits up and nods in satisfaction, "Well, we survived." He drawls out before staring down at the prone Atmoran, "Ready to go back home, pal?"

Deinmaar breathes in, then slowly sits up and nods, "Yeah. I think I'm ready."

He is once more helped back to his feet by Leonidas, who chuckles softly, "Welcome to the team of misfits, then!"

"There's more people like you?"

"Just one. She's a little adorable brat that loves traumatizing people when bored. I am and will always be the main inconvenience, of course."

Speaking of Gretel, an idea suddenly rings within Leonidas' mind, and his gaze flicks left and right until he finds his target discarded several dozen meters in the distance.

Alduin's severed claw, bigger and taller than a three story building.

If Leonidas could grin, he would be putting the Cheshire Cat to shame right now.

"Hircine, my homie! Ya want some World-Eater meat on your menu tonight?!"

Deinmaar watched as the Undead happily skipped towards the large severed claw, bantered with a random bird for a good minute, the skipped back while humming a very jovial tune after the severed claw disappeared into thin air.

"So… You just talk to Daedric Princes like they are old friends?" The titan of man found that oddly confusing and weird.

Who the hell does that?

"Yeah?" Leonidas, obviously. "Apparently, my brother from another mother, the great and wise and mighty Sheogorath, really wants to meet me in person."

"He is currently running the gauntlet against all the other Gods that do not wish to see this glorious meeting happen. Last I've heard from Hircine, Sheogorath had Molag Bal in a chokehold for like… The fifth time this month?"

Deinmaar was at a loss for words.

What kind of friend did he just make?!

With a flick of his wrist, Leonidas Conjures two large Werevultures… Then looked between Deinmaar and one of the conjured beasts.

Deinmaar was quite a bit taller, and he swiftly felt offended when Leonidas Conjures a third one 'For good measure'.

Still, he didn't refuse the lift, and quietly watched as they left behind the crumbling frozen ocean behind, and as Winterhold came back into view over the horizon and slowly got closer and closer.

The giant of a man watched as people gathered on the walls the moment their arrival was spotted, the three giant Werevultures setting them down right in front of the open of the City he called home.

"So…" Leonidas – who put the Krosis Mask back on during the flight back – started as he stepped forward, slapping Deinmaar's large arm with a chuckle, "Old Rob, heard ya were looking for a 'Guardian'?"

Among the gathered people beyond the main gates was an imposing old man that steps forward without fear even when the giant of a man stood two times taller than him.

The old Nord stared up at the giant Atmoran for several quiet seconds… Before offering his hand. "Welcome back home, son."

Deinmaar takes in a slow, shaky breath before clasping that offered arm with his own and giving it a firm shake. "I've made you all wait too long."

"Bah!" Old Rob sneers and slaps the giant over the shoulder without care or fear, "Shut the fuck up and come get your fuckin' barrel of mead already!"

"Just a barrel?" Leonidas pipes in, waving a hand towards the titan of a man, and Old Rob squints his one good eye back at Deinmaar.

"By Akatosh's hairy asshole, I don't think I got enough barrels for this son of a bitch…"

Leonidas shrugs, "Just hope that the mead is strong enough to put him down before he finishes all the barrels?"

Those words light a fire in the eye of every Nord within hearing distance, "Now that sounds like a challenge to me!" Old Rob hollers, nostrils snorting steam like a bull, "Bring your fat ass in, Deinmaar! Lemme show ya how the proper Nord Mead of the Fourth Era is far better than whatever Skeever piss y'all used to drink back in the day!"

Hanging back, Leonidas watched as Deinmaar was dragged into the City by the descendants of people who never forgot about him, and who waited entire Eras for his return.

The flames within his eyes flickered purple for yet another moment that went unnoticed by all, but they went back to normal as soon as he shook his head.

Despite how mentally exhausted he was after that far too risky and sudden fight, he still made sure to keep up appearance and straighten his shoulders-

A lone figure stepped out of the open gates, and Leonidas' composure faltered but for a moment.

Hildr gazed at him with her lone eye glistening with unshed tears and overflowing with worries, and that look alone stopped Leonidas from greeting her in any of his usual ways.

Any of the words he wanted to say just failed him. His mind just… Refused to collaborate. He was beyond tired.

He stumbles slightly in place when Hildr throws herself at him and hugs him tightly, her hands and arms shaking as she holds him with as much strength she could muster.

Within his mind, Leonidas found himself cursing the Gods for being unable to even feel a hug that he really, really wanted.

But outside, he merely starts patting Hildr's back, "I'm okay." He whispers softly in her ear, "I'm okay."

"No you're not!" Hildr cries out against his shoulder, "I can see you slipping away more and more each passing day!"

Her grip on his robes grows even tighter, "Just… Please, let's go to Saarthal already…"

Shaking his head, Leonidas pulls away and takes one of her hands in his, "Come on, I got a present for you."

"D-Don't just change the subject!" She whines even as she lets Leonidas drag her back into the City and ignore his issues.

"Meh." The Undead shrugs without care, receiving a kick to the shin that he doesn't even feel, "I made sure Gretel and Aurelia get a present too."

"Hopefully, Gretel will love her new dagger made out of a nail that comes from the World-Eater."

Hildr bit on her lower lip even as she squeezed Leonidas' unaware hand as hard as she could.

She hated how easily he toyed with her heart.


~~XXX~~​


A meteor crashes down in a distant, empty valley far outside of Skyrim.

Beasts, animals and birds swiftly make themselves scarce as the presence of the Apex Predator among them spreads forth, and Alduin's form stumbles out of the crater his form had created.

He now saw his weakness.

He saw what he lacked.

He saw what he needed to improve on.

What good was all his might if he didn't know how to use it? What good was his title when he didn't have the might to back it up?

Alduin cursed his laziness. Alduin cursed himself for not improving upon what he has.

He achieves strengths far easier and faster than all of the other Dragons, and that together with his role got to his head.

He thought himself untouchable.

And now, this was his third greatest loss. Worse than all the other ones.

Konahriik had toyed with him at the start of the war, stalling him for an entire month, allowing the races of Men and Mer to overthrow his kind now that they did not have the cunning guidance of their slaves.

And then, when he had managed to… 'Remove' her off the board and join the fray, his might instantly became useless.

For he too fell into a trap due to his pride and hubris, and had an accursed Elder Scroll turned upon him, sealing him across time and space and robbing him of his immense might.

And then, the Anomaly and the Traitor wounded him. The first ones to do so since he came to be.

The World-Eater gnashes his teeth, swearing vengeance within his mind.

He would lay waste upon that land. Leave it a scorched wasteland where naught but filth and cockroaches will be able to survive in.

But to do that, he needed his might back. And to gain it back, he needed slaughter.

The light of the Sun above shining down him was suddenly interrupted, and Alduin's baleful red eyes narrow as he stands to face the newcomer.

A Dragon, much smaller in size than him but with a presence far greater than his own, sat upon the hill before the World-Eater.

The Sun shone down on his royal blue scales, apathetic glowing golden eyes sparkling like gems beneath a pair of curved golden horns, staring straight at Alduin as if he were a mere inconvenience.

The World-Eater growls, "Lah."

The Great Sage feared within his kind merely blinks slowly at Alduin.

"What do you want?"

The wings of the seated Dragon shudder as if he merely gave them a light stretch, either uncaring or not noticing how tense the World-Eater was. "I am… Displeased."

The Great Sage starts, voice dignified and soft. "Your rather pathetic temper tantrum… It could have endangered my dearest Wife."

Indifferent golden eyes lock onto Alduin, and the World-Eater feels his very instincts howl at him-

"May you never repeat this mistake again if you do not wish to anger me."

A relaxed flap of wings, a flex of Illusion Magic, a thousand voices Chanting as one in the languages of Men and Dov.

And the Heavens wailed as they crashed down like the gavel of a furious God.

An endless abyss is punched into the earth, one Lah didn't even bother to stand around and watch as it took shape.

He merely cast a longing gaze in a general direction.

"Wait for me, my dear. I will find a way to grant you Eternity by my side."



A.N. And with this chappy, the end of this arc draws closer!

The group's reunion will be in a few chapters, and Deinmaar has joined the gang of misfits, something he will regret very soon!

And also, with the end of this Arc will also come Leonidas's strongest power-up just yet! One I am eager to write about!

Finally, I wanted to share some things!

First of all, my favorite type of Villain is the one that learns and becomes more terrifying after each loss!

Second, do y'all wanna know how big of an impact Leonidas has had so far on the whole story?

In the 'canon' of this Skyrim world, they would still have won of course, but at a great loss.

Aurelia would have completed her duty and gone back to being a Paladin afterward.

Hildr would have lost Gretel in Falkreath, then would have gone to the College and completed that questline there, becoming so powerful she defeats the Dragon Priest holding the Staff of Magnus and becoming the next Archmage.

Deinmaar? Bit of a spoiler, but he would have never existed if it weren't for Leonidas!

I like writing a character that, despite being an idiot, has an enormous impact upon the world without realizing.

So yeah, I am loving writing all of this!

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, donstar260, Levky and 1,059 others
Musashi-Chan
Apr 13, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 39 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Apr 25, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,256
When everything came to an end, Aurelia nearly crumbled to her knees, but she held strong.

She was tired, the rush of adrenaline that pumped through her veins the moment she thought of Gretel being in danger finally came to an end with a powerful crash.

Odahviing had his life spared, against her desire to absorb the Soul of a powerful Dragon Sage, due to a whisper from Paarthurnax.

Odahviing surely held knowledge that was valuable to them, and her victory over the Dragon meant she could request it from him without fear of deceit or lies.

So, she held her blade and sent the Dragon away, allowing him to join the ancient Dragon upon the Throat of the World.

Whiterun had already started rebuilding and taking apart the slaughtered Dragons, with the majority having already been dragged right in front of Jorrvaskr, allowing her to devour their Souls in one swift moment.

Her tired legs carried her to her home in Whiterun, the small cozy place having been demolished by the Dragon that ended up becoming a snack for Gretel.

The sight of the rubble before her left Aurelia feeling… Sad. This was her home with Leonidas.

Where it started as simply her keeping an eye on a random, silly Undead and waiting for him to slip and make a mistake… It instead ended with the Undead teaching her many things, opening her eyes to the whole world, and even fixing her. Or at least, putting her on the path of recovery.

It didn't really hold that many memories – aside from the memory of her hugging Leonidas – but it was still a place that, in the distant future, she looked forward to coming back.

With him, and hopefully, a few others.

A smile spreads across her face, warm and overflowing with love, when she feels a small hand grab hers. Looking down, Aurelia takes in the cleaned up form of Gretel, her hair all ruffled and still slightly damp from the bath she was likely forced to take.

"The Dragon kinda wrecked that side of the house…" The young child starts, using her free hand to point at the left side of the crumbled home. "The rest is kinda my fault. Launched his fat ass across the street though!"

Aurelia laughs, crouching down to hug and pick up the giggling girl and hug her tight, "How did you even manage to do that?"

While she had taken note of Hildr's sheer talent with Magic, Aurelia had noticed no such thing with Gretel. In fact, the girl did not even like using Magic, and had only shown a slight interest in learning it just so she could use Leonidas horrifying Magic Missile.

Aside from that, Gretel's only desire was to clearly master the gift Hircine had given her whole family for countless generations.

"Well, now that's a bit hard to explain…" Gretel huffs as Aurelia holds her close, using some rubble as a seat so to place the girl on her lap and tend to her damp hair. "Basically… You could say there are stages to a Divine Blessing?"

Aurelia tilts her head at that, "Stages?"

"Yeah, based on like… How much you worship, or how liked you are by your God, stuff like that. You know, like Champions and stuff?" Aurelia hums in understanding at that, wondering if a God's preferences matter when they pick a Champion or the like instead of always going for the strongest.

"So because Hircine adores you so much, your Lycanthropy is much stronger than usual?" Aurelia guesses, and Gretel does a cute so-so gesture with her small hands.

"From what big sis and granny used to tell me, Divine Blessings can be passed down. Just… In a very weakened form, I guess?" Gretel shrugs, "So when my family just kept making Champions or Hounds or Hunters for Lord Hircine, the blessing passed down just kept growing stronger and stronger."

"Until, at one point, our Werewolf form is no longer that of a half-wolf and half-human, but that of a giant wolf! Cool, right?!"

Aurelia believed it was far more complex than that, and she knew that Gretel likely did not pay attention during the explanation given to her by her family. Or she likely forgot. Maybe both, too.

"So you don't have a Werewolf form anymore?"

"Oh no, I do!" Aurelia sighs.

"You just said otherwise…"

"I say a lot of things. I myself am unsure on the majority of them." The child shrugs, "I just talk to talk. And annoy people."

Aurelia huffs and hugs the adorable brat tightly, a giant smile on both of their faces. "Though going big wolf form is… Kinda dangerous."

"Dangerous how?"

Reaching up, Gretel tries to scratch her cheek. Aurelia pushes down her small leg and forces the young girl to scratch herself with her hand instead of with her leg like a dog. "Makes me very hungry. The longer I use it, the harder it gets to think, so I just wanna eat and eat. Can't really use it for long though, since am so young."

Aurelia wonders if Gretel would have been alright fighting against those disgusting Argonians that were originally hunting her.

But then, if she was never in danger, Hircine would have never approached them in the first place. The Daedric Prince truly believed Gretel was in danger and wouldn't have been able to protect herself against those monsters.

"Then, could Hildr do the same?" Though, Aurelia reminded herself that Hildr gave up her blessing due to being unable to control herself.

Gretel nods, "Big Sis is on a whole other level." Her small hand waves towards a nearby home, having been spared from the majority of the destruction, "Like, my wolf form is kinda the size of that house."

"Big Sis'? That house is the size of her paw." Aurelia blanches and gapes at that.

"And that was when she was young." A sudden, powerful voice injects in their conversation, and Aurelia jumps, turning her head to regard a black crow with glowing red eyes standing beside her.

Gretel gasps and kicks her feet, "Lord Hircine!" The child greets her God with an eager wave of her hand, "Did ya see me kick that Dragon's butt?!"

A powerful, yet warm and loving chuckle flows out of the crow's beak, "It was a wonderful hunt, my dear pup. Your parents are most delighted in your achievement." Aurelia finds her heart warming at the Daedric Prince's words.

Was he keeping contact between Gretel and her deceased parents, now living and hunting freely within his Plane of Existence?

Gretel preens under the praise, a massive smug grin stretched across her adorable chubby cheeks. "In fact, someone who dearly misses you has sent you a gift."

With a flap of the crows wings, a small dagger materialized in the air between them. Pitch black, darker than a starless night, yet Aurelia could instinctively feel that it could carve through her armor like its butter.

"A dagger made out of a small piece I carved out of the World-Eater's sharp claw. A gift for you, from Leonidas."

For once, Aurelia could see Gretel be left speechless, her eyes wide and her mouth gaping as she received the gift with small, shaky hands.

Smiling softly, Aurelia pats her head and leans down to kiss her forehead, then hugs her tight when the girl sniffles softly and hides her face to not show her tears.

"He has sent a gift for you too, Dragonborn." Hircine speaks up, earning Aurelia's attention. "An upgrade to your armor, if you will."

Another flap of the wings, and Aurelia blinks as the armor around her body changed. From dark green scales to thick, heavy and dense pitch black ones, a savage aura overflowing from the thick and heavy armor that resembled her previous one.

It just felt different. The original boost from the Enchantment placed on it now was far, far greater. "What did Leo do, exactly?"

She knew he had fought Alduin and repelled the beast, but not what exactly happened during the battle. And she didn't really want to think about it, as she hated herself for not being there to do her duty.

"He just thoroughly humiliated the World-Eater, and gifted the severed claw he had left behind to me."

...Oh, she was going to do things to that dumb skeleton.

"Thank you, Lord Hircine." The Daedric Prince chuckles, though Aurelia couldn't guess whether his good mood was from Leonidas' gift, or from Gretel killing a Dragon.

Perhaps both, even.

"No need for thanks. It is my pleasure." The God states lightly, the glowing gaze of his momentary avatar gently resting on the still quietly weeping Gretel before the crow flaps its wings.

With those last words, the crow departed, and Aurelia watched it go as she hugged and patted the child on her lap.

"Shall we go get ready?" Aurelia gently whispers down towards Gretel, loving smile on her face.

Gretel sniffles and looks up, wiping at her eyes with the back of her hand as she gives Aurelia a confused look.

The older woman grins at that, "Did you forget what I said earlier? We'll go to Windhelm and get back with Hildr and Leonidas."

While her training wasn't really done, Paarthurnax had told her that the rest of the training was a road she had to discover by herself.

She had learned all the Shouts, and had gained much wisdom and insights in many of them through the Dragons she slayed atop the Throat of the World, but mastering them is up to her.

She had to gain her own views and insights in them, not let herself be guided by what she gains from others.

Plus…

As Gretel hugs her tightly, Aurelia lifts her gaze towards the grand palace of Dragonsreach. The front lay demolished, but the fact that it still stood showed how quickly the Dragon that had smashed into it was slain.

For some reason, she felt like the Dragons truly fucked up with this attack.

They gave the people of Skyrim a very good reason to stop fighting and stand united.

So Aurelia truly believed that the Civil War was as good as over.


~~XXX~~​


"Thought I'd find you drunk inside the tavern, not out here." I muse aloud as I approach the towering man staring out at the sea.

Deinmaar chuckles, his massive form leaned against the wall of the guard tower I found him in, "It got a bit awkward when I drank everyone under the table."

I laugh at that. I walked into the tavern and found everyone absolutely knocked out cold, some having been punched into a good night's sleep instead of having gone unconscious from too much mead.

Hell, there were several holes in the ceiling again. Pretty sure Deinmaar punched some fuckers into the stratosphere.

"So, how's the mead of the Fourth Era?" I hope on the wall, the starry sky above being quite a lovely sight that helps me relax. Even if here they are just holes in Reality left behind by Magnus and the others leaving, it is still a beautiful sight.

Deinmaar grunts and turns on his side, a light grin on his face, visible as he had removed his large dragon skull-like helmet, revealing quite the handsome man beneath with a long mane of pitch black hair that descended down his back. "Nearly took me out with one barrel, I won't lie."

"The Mead of the Merethic Era stands no chance against whatever monstrosity they put inside those barrels." The giant of a man winches, and I laugh at that. I'm sure Old Rob is proud that they nearly brought this titan of a man down with just one barrel.

Hell, I am absolutely baffled that these fuckers can drink so much powerful Mead and get to reach their eighties or higher.

Nord Livers are overpowered, I swear.

"How are you feeling now, buddy?" Deinmaar sighs, his shoulders slumping faintly as his gaze grows… distant. Lost, even.

"Better than I have in a long time." He admits after a few seconds, a light smile on his face as he turns towards me, "I'll need some time still, but I can take the final steps to recovery myself."

I reach over and pat him on the shoulder a few times, "Never think that you've done bad. I dare not imagine how many lives you saved due to your actions that day."

Deinmaar sighs and nods, "In the end, blood still needs to be spilled in order to do good. I am just… Glad that it turned out as well as I had hoped."

"Yeah…" I sigh softly at his words. 'Blood still needs to be spilled in order to do good', huh? Ain't that exactly what I need to do to grow stronger?

Curse this damnable System and powers I have.

"If I could bear all responsibilities and duties, I would." I start softly, staring out towards the dark horizon far ahead, "There is someone I care about. A lot. She was dragged into all of this by a Prophecy, forcing her to rise up and become a possible savior of this entire World."

"If I could take that role from her, I would. I'd spare her all the hardship, all the struggle, all the fighting. I'd do it all for her." I sigh and shake my head, dropping my gaze to stare down at my gauntlet-clad hands, because I cannot look at my frozen corpse. I just can't.

"But I can't do it all alone, lest I lose myself." Because one cannot give me such a quick way to gather power, but expect me not to break beneath the weight of my lack of… Everything. "So I need help."

I turn to Deinmaar, finally, "And you are one of the few that I know I can trust to keep up, and help." If I could smile, I would, "And one of the few that I know would do it all with a grin on his face."

Deinmaar chuckles softly and shakes his head, "What can I say? I do love stories of Heroes saving the day." That's fair, I kinda like those too.

"That friend you mentioned…" Deinmaar starts after a few seconds of silence, "Is she the woman I saw you leave with?"

Ah, he saw Hildr.

Thinking of the red-head makes me go a bit quiet. Her words, her worry, her hug that I couldn't feel… I'm going crazy.

And I feel so horrible.

"She's someone else I deeply care for." I sigh and lean back, "It's all so fucking complicated, and it just annoys me."

Deinmaar blinks, then his eyes widen in understanding, "Because of you being an Undead…" I nod, and he winches. "I dare not imagine the struggles you are facing, brother."

Not gonna lie, I like being called that. This guy is an homie.

"Matters of love can indeed be quite annoying." His gaze grows wistful, a faint hint of sadness visible through his smile.

I hum as I stare at him, "Let me guess… Konahriik?" He chuckles but doesn't answer.

Guess I hit the spot, huh? He had the hots for this mysterious lady, but perhaps the war starting didn't allow him to try and court her properly.

Makes me want to meet her even more.

I've never been one to get attached easily. Attracted to beauty? That is a fuck yes, and goddamn do Hildr and Aurelia blow any woman I've met throughout my life out of the park.

But I guess that my deteriorating mental state just… changed things, and now I am clearly very, very attracted to both of these wonderful women.

And ain't that a giant fuckin' headache?

I'm not blind, or these like those stupid anime characters. I can tell that Hildr is very attracted to me, and that there is mutual attraction between me and Aurelia.

Just… I do not know how to handle all this, hence why I've been acting blind.

"Fighting Alduin is easier than handling all this love bullshit."

Deinmaar nods at my wise words, "Couldn't agree more."

We share a light laugh at that before we fall quiet and just enjoy the view.

"Speaking off Alduin…" Deinmaar starts, straightening himself as he does so, "Our victory against him is a great boon, but also not."

I tilt my head at his words, "What do you meant?"

"We've likely bought ourselves and the whole of Skyrim a great deal of time with this victory. A few months at worst, a whole year or a bit more at best." If I had eyes, they'd be wide right now.

"And the bad to this is…?"

Crossing his massive arms, Deinmaar frowns, "Alduin will now fully focus on rebuilding his army and regaining his strength."

So he'll unleash death and destruction left and right in order to thrive in it.

Fuck.

"It won't just be everywhere all at once." The titan of a man explains, drawing my attention, "He can't gain strength from death that isn't within his range, which Konahriik speculated is around the size of Skyrim."

So he'll lead massacres personally. Or, where there are Dragons laying waste to the populace, Alduin is sure to be somewhere nearby.

Though, Skyrim is massive, and Alduin might as well not always be very close to the destruction his soldiers will bring.

"He'll still need to bring his soldiers to heel though, no?" I point out, which makes Deinmaar pause.

"That is true. I did not consider that." He hums and cups his chin in thought, "They will start doubting his strength. Dragon Sages are prideful and won't side with him lightly, much less the Great Sages."

Right, speaking of those… "How many Great Sages are there, to be exact?"

I know Lah is one of them, and is likely the strongest too, but me and Aurelia forgot to ask Paarthurnax about any info on the others.

"Unless things have changed, then there are just a few of them, but their might is unquestionable. Each one has a title related to their greatest Shout."

"The Frost Saint, the Sky Saint, the Force Saint, and finally, the strongest of them all…" Deinmaar wets his lips, a hint of reverence in his eyes, "The Blade Saint and Knowledge Saint."

Lah. Lah has to be Knowledge.

"The Blade Saint will be our greatest problem." Deinmaar sighs, "He was the most loyal follower of Alduin before his death. Before the war started, the Blade Saint challenged the Knowledge Saint to a battle, where he was slain in the process, but his Soul was spared due to Alduin interfering."

Well, I guess if we can get Lah on our side, then this guy won't really be much to worry about.

"Any Saint that you think might join Alduin's side?"

The Atmoran hums, "Probably the Sky Saint. He is… Fun. A 'Battle Junkie', as Konahriik used to call the guy." Huh, now that is hilarious.

"As for the other two, I do not know. The Force Saint I've seen from a distance, but I've never seen the Frost Saint before, and heard very little about them too."

Bad, but not worrying I guess. At least we are aware of them.

I sigh and cross my own arms, "So, we got time… Might as well use it as best as we can." Then a thought hits me, and I couldn't help but snort softly.

"What is it, brother?"

"I just find it hilarious that the very essence of a Dragon's being is being used against them." I point out with no small amount of amusement, which bring a chuckle out of Deinmaar.

Once more, silence falls between us. Calm and comfortable.

Though it doesn't last long, as soon the man blinks in confusion and scratches at his chin in thought.

"Brother…" He starts as he looks around, "I just noticed, but… I'm pretty sure there was supposed to be a lot more land here."

I pause at his confused words, then realization hits me. Ah, he must've done his stuff before Miraak's betrayal and eventual ass-kicking.

"Allow me, my dear friend, to tell you about the meanest ass-beating a motherfucker has caught within these lands."

And so, I tell Deinmaar about Miraak, and the vicious ass-beating that made him delusional.


~~XXX~~​


"Everyone here?"

"Everyone of importance, yes." I don't miss the amused twitch of the lips from Savos at my words.

Especially after I bitch-slapped and kicked Ancano out of the room.

"Alright." I clap my hands together as I stand over the large table in the middle of the room, "First of all, introduction are in order. Everyone, this is Deinmaar."

I wave to the titan of a man standing beside me, who gives a light bow of his head, his helmet back on, "He is a Dragon Priest from the Merethic Era. One you can fully trust."

Old Rob, of course, couldn't help but pipe, "And any cunt that can't trust that big motherfucker is gonna get stabbed. By me, obviously." Yes, thank you for your support, good sir.

Can you even hit your target with that weird fuckin' eye of yours?

Somehow, I think the old man heard my thoughts, 'cause now he is glaring my way. Anyway. "Deinmaar, these are the teachers of the College of Winterhold, each one a master of a different school of magic, with Savos Aren over there being the current Archmage."

The teachers bow their heads in greeting, some in genuine awe while others in a mix of fear and apprehension.

"And finally, this is Hildr, a dear friend of mine." I nod towards the red-haired woman standing beside me, and lingering very close to me. After yesterday, she has been very quiet, and has just quietly hovered around me.

Her attire was a bit different this time, as Hircine delivered the gift I requested from our quick deal.

Her pants, boots and gloves were made from the scales of Alduin, with her fluffy white shirt now covering the under-armor suit that went beneath.

Plus, as a finish touch, she now has a lone small scale from Alduin as her new eyepatch. Her old one is now in the trash, which tells me she quite likes this gift of mine.

"It is a pleasure to meet all of you." Deinmaar rumbles out, arms crossed before him, "I will not ask all of you to trust me. I simply plan on earning that right through my own actions."

The first to speak was surprisingly Colette, the Restoration Master, "Leonidas vouches for you, so I already like you, big guy!" Hildr, don't glare at the woman so harshly. She is already sweating and regretting her words.

Still, she's so damn cute. Like a territorial puppy.

"Don't worry, your charm will conquer 'em all in no time, buddy." I pat Deinmaar's back before clapping my hands together, "Now, to focus on why I gathered and dragged all of you here." Yes, I had to bodily drag Savos here.

He was drinking himself under the table with the excuse of 'There's another one...'.

Dragon Priest trauma is one hell of a thing.

"It's the Falmer issue, right?" Faralda asks, and I nod, making the small room get serious.

Funnily enough, Deinmaar did not know what the Falmer were exactly, due to them becoming a thing after the Merethic Era.

"With the big guy on our side, its time we get serious and start taking on the issue instead of just waiting around." With a gesture, I let Deinmaar take the table. The dude has taken part in many battles, so I can trust his judgment when it comes to making plans for battles and wars.

Stepping forward, Deinmaar speaks, "For starters, I will bring forth some bad news." He starts, making everyone perk up, "The Falmers are being led by a Dragon." His hand comes up just as everyone other than Hildr and Savos jump at the information.

"While bad, the Dragon is not a problem. He is but an annoyance, at most." The teachers visibly relax at Deinmaar words, "Vulthuryol is his name, a disgusting Dragon that weaponized the immortality of his race… And practices an accursed form of Necromancy called Fleshcrafting."

Phinis, the current Conjurer Master at the College, perks up in horror and disgust at that, "That accursed practice?! And a Dragon of all things is making use of it?!"

I couldn't help but perk up at that, "What exactly is Fleshcrafting?" Far as I know, Phinis is trying to make Necromancy not appear as bad due to the actions of other twisted idiots, yet now a branch of it is bringing out such horror from the guy.

Phinis pales and gulps, "It's a practice that centers around tearing body parts from corpses… And infusing them on other corpses to create a Golem, or attaching them to one's living body."

Well… That sounds as disgusting and as horrid as I could have expected. Good thing Aurelia isn't here, then.

Nodding, Deinmaar speaks up, "Vulthuryol was a criminal among the Dragon Race. He killed his own kind and Fleshcrafted their bodies upon his own."

"Before I was… imprisoned, Vulthuryol had a total of three heads and a massive body."

And when Kara and Lah nearly vaporized him and punched a hole down to Blackreach, he had five heads in total.

Now, nearly four whole Eras after, he probably has quite a few more.

"I sense some good news among this information." Savos speaks up, and Deinmaar nods at the Archmage.

"Vulthuryol is unable to use Dragon Shouts." I reel back in surprise at that.

"He can still use breath attacks, but they are negligible in power compared to other Dragons."

I cup my masked chin in thought, "So that must be why he is Fleshcrafting Dragon heads upon himself. Quantity over quality." Deinmaar nods at my words.

What an utterly disgusting being. I guess I can see why he hates Lah so much and has attacked him so many times.

Of course the Dragon that cannot master anything hates the Dragon that has mastered everything. Lah is basically everything Vulthuryol clearly craves but can never achieve.

"Then what is our plan of action regarding him?" Hildr speaks up, leaning close against me.

"Leave him to me and Leonidas." Deinmaar declares, "The best way to handle him, is to obliterate his whole body in one decisive blow. Me and Leonidas can handle that once he shows himself."

His gaze then lowers down to stare at the teacher, "Your assistance will be in handling the more important issue; The Falmer."

"Our best course of action is to challenge them within the mountain. We breach in, gain ground, seek the assistance of Alteration Mages to create a fortress to stand and defend in and tear through their numbers."

"Mages will rain down Spells and archers will rain down arrows, while the guards will mow down any that grow close."

I speak up soon after, "My large scale Restoration Spell will also empower the soldiers and make them nigh-immortal as long as they protect their heads."

"And I can take care of any severed limbs!" Colette calls out, and I nod in her direction.

Old Rob grunts and crosses his arms, "So we give the soldiers some good helmets? Easy enough."

Faralda raises her hand right after, "Is it wise to take the fight within the mountain, though?"

"A fair worry." Deinmaar nods, "But yes, it is best we do so and keep the outside in case we need to retreat. If we let them overflow out, they can damage the city with Spells flying in all directions, and their corpses will just pile up, allowing them to climb higher and higher."

Faralda nods and relaxes, visibly liking the fact that Deinmaar is worried for the city getting damaged during the battle by stray Spells.

"How many soldiers should we recruit, then?" Savos asks, a hand on his chin.

Deinmaar hums and crosses his massive arms once more, then turns towards me, "What do you suggest, brother?"

I reach up to rub the necklace Hircine gifted me as I think for a few short seconds, "One-hundred soldiers. Sword and shields. The archers don't even need to be good shots, they just need to rain arrows as fast as they can, because we are facing such numbers that the arrows will hit anyway."

"Plus, I can call upon a veritable army through a gift from Hircine. I am good friends with one of his powerful Hunters, so with him and a battalion of Werewolves, we don't need to sacrifice too much manpower."

Been a while since I called on Marius too. Gotta let the big guy enjoy such a large scale battle, as he seems to be a fan of those.

Phinis hums and cups his chin in thought before turning towards Savos, "Archmage, permission to use Necromancy during the battle? I can turn a few dozen fallen Falmers to fight on our side."

Savos nods, "I have no objection. What about everyone here?" We all just shake our heads, because it is indeed a good plan. "You have the go ahead, Phinis."

"Word of warning…" I speak up once more, "Be mindful of the Spells that are launched. The ground inside the mountain can likely collapse with ease, and that means a very long drop kilometers long."

I lean back, then hum and tilt my head to the side, "Anything else we might be missing?"

There is short lapse of quiet as everyone mulls over the plan, before Hildr speaks up from beside me, "The Falmer could have other exits and may try to attack from other fronts."

Right, absolutely forgot about that. I've checked the city already with my Mind's Eye and found no tunnels dug beneath it, but the Falmer might have made other exits. Better not risk that.

"Then we can divide our forces." Savos suggests, then turns towards his colleagues, "Mirabelle, take Nirya and some of the other students to guard the walls. I will stand at the ready to assist any side that requires assistance."

Sounds like we got everything mostly under control and decided, then. It's nice to see everyone work together.

Mainly because Ancano isn't here, lest he'd have fucked up a lot of stuff. Not that he won't try to do it once the battle starts.

"We done with planning then?" Old Rob grunts out, then grunts again when we nod, "Good, let's start preparing a good welcome for them filthy, inbred, blind, skeever-fucking dark-dwelling piss-smelling-"

I tune out the river of insults flowing out Old Rob's mouth as he walks out the room, the slurs growing worse with each passing second and earning wince after wince by the surrounding mages and Deinmaar himself.

"You good, buddy?" I ask Deinmaar, who sulks slightly as everyone other than Hildr walks out of the room to go and prepare for the attack.

"You told me the history between my people and the Snow Elves…" He starts, his voice strangely quiet, "And I really want to side with my people, but…"

"But?"

"But Konahriik is a Snow Elf herself…"

Huh…

Welp.

I pat him on the back, "Well, you know what they say, buddy…" I start in comfort, making him perk up.

"Fuck over her Race and then fuck her in the puss-"

"LEO!"

Why do people always stop me from giving others the best advice in the Universe?

Sigh…

I am never appreciated here, I swear.



A.N. Small Interlude chapter to set up the next series of chapters that shall mark the end of this Arc!

Also, honestly, the Multiverse traveling might appear soon.

What worlds would ya like to see everyone travel to?

Also, remember how I once had Leo fear the existence of a Dragon wielding the power of Autism?

Yeah, that's the Sky Saint. Am gonna love writing that goofball.

If you want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then hop on over to my ! Or not, ya ain't being forced!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Either way, hope y'all enjoyed the chapter!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, morgan sinn, Levky and 1,077 others
Musashi-Chan
Apr 25, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 40 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
May 3, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,320
"Well, well, well… Look whose fat ass graces my presence once more!" Kara drawl out, nose pointed towards the Heavens as she sniffs and glares down at Deinmaar.

"Had I known you just needed a beating to get your ass up, then I woulda sent Lah to do that instantly!"

"I would have died." The Atmoran points out swiftly, staring up at the flying minute woman with a flat stare.

Kara sniffs, "Yeah, ya would have. That stupid Hubby of mine can't hold back for shit." A problem only someone absurdly overpowered would have, I presume.

"Still, it's nice to see you out and about, big guy." Floating down, Kara smiles warmly as she pats Deinmaar's shoulders, "Lah had only good things to say about you, after all."

Deinmaar nods lightly, "I have my good brother here to thank for that." He states while reaching over to pat my own shoulder, making my whole body shake.

Kara snorts, "Boys. Becoming brothers after beating the shit outta each other is so hilarious…"

"It is the manly way to do things!" I exclaim, and Deinmaar nods sagely at my wise words.

"Uhm…" Then we both turn to stare at Hildr, who is staring at us with a weird look in her eye, "With who are you guys talking to?"

I slump, "Oh yeah, I forgot you can't see her."

Kara floats forward, "I'll take care of that!" She circles around Hildr, raises one hand, then bonks her on the head. "Whatam!" Hard.

Hildr flinches and buckles forward with a quiet curse, her right hand coming up to cradle the top of her head, "Okay, what the fuck-" She pauses when her eyes catches sight of Kara. Floating upside down in front of her. "Uh… Hi?"

Kara cups her chin and hums loudly, then nods after a few seconds, "Leo, ya got fine tastes in women." Hildr squeaks, her face going as red as her hair.

I nod, "Tell me something I don't know."

"I wouldn't want to insult ya, though…"

"He'll likely take it as a compliment." Deinmaar muses softly from beside me, making me gasp.

"You already know me so well!" My big friend just sighs deeply out of pure amusement.

Recovering from the stray shot Kara threw her way, Hildr coughs into her fist and straightens herself, "So, who is she…?"

I turn away from Deinmaar and wave a hand towards Kara, who is now cart-wheeling through the air for some damn reason, "This is Kara, second Archmage of the College of Winterhold, and daughter of Shalidor."

Hildr blinks, "What the fuck." Yeah, that is the reaction I expected. "Is she some kinda ghost, or…?"

Floating back down, Kara straightens her robes with a hum, "I am an Astral Projection, to be exact. Part Soul, part Magicka, manifested out of my physical body."

Pausing, I blink and turn towards the minute woman, "Wait, how did you make Hildr see you?"

Kara snorts at my question, "There is something called a Magicka Sense. Everyone has it, as it helps people see Magicka form Spells and stuff, but it isn't fully… active – for a lack of a better word – for everyone."

"For example, some folks without a fully active Magicka Sense are kinda immune to Illusion Magic that plays with the sense of sight. Hildr here was kinda one such case." Kara nods towards the quietly listening redhead, "Her Magicka Sense had put everything towards 'feeling' instead of 'seeing', probably due to her…" Kara doesn't finish her words, but she does wiggle one finger towards her eyes.

"Huh…" Hildr muses, reaching up to rub at her new scale-like blindfold, "I don't feel different, though."

"That is normal, don't worry." Kara reassures with a light smile, "As I said, you 'feel' instead of 'see'. You'll now be able to see and easily make out physical illusions."

Probably due to the Magicka that makes their form, I presume. A living being probably 'feels' different than a husk made of Magicka.

"Anyway, ya wanted to see me, skele-boy?" I snort at my nickname, but nod nonetheless.

"Well, I am also glad to see you back awake." I'd rather nothing happens to her. Kinda took a liking to her silly ass. "But yeah. I mainly wanted to know more about your battle with Vulthuryol."

Kara hums softly and floats to the edge of the roof of the College, where she takes a seat on one of the brick railings, "It wasn't much of a battle. Vulthuryol is like a cockroach, and he gains power by absorbing other living beings into his body."

I perk up at that, "Absorbing?"

"Fleshcrafting." Kara corrects, a nasty frown on her face, "Magicka is in our very Blood and Soul. He devours both, assimilates them within him. He uses Magicka to imitate Shouts, to breathe fire. Because he can't."

I cross my arms with a low hum, "How can he not Shout? Is he like… A runt, or something like that?"

Kara shakes her head with a sigh, "Lah doesn't know. Vulthuryol is the only Dragon that is unable to even use the Dragon Tongue."

Deinmaar sighs, "What a sad existence." He then shakes his head and turns to Kara, "Why does he hate Lah so much?"

Kara nibbles on her lower lip for a few short seconds before sighing deeply, "Vulthuryol was Lah's first and only disciple. My Hubby tried to teach Lah the Dragon Tongue, but failed. He tried to teach him Magicka and Spells… But failed at that too."

"Vulthuryol is a being that somehow couldn't learn anything other than that disgusting side of Necromancy."

I lean back with a hum, "And he grew to be jealous of Lah." Kara nods, and I understand. Lah is a genius, possibly the greatest mind alive.

A Dragon that has mastered Magicka and the Dragon Tongue, and has created a way to weave them both together.

Meanwhile Vulthuryol is a Dragon that couldn't learn anything, even when taught by Lah.

"Vulthuryol learned about Fleshcrafting… About the horrid things it can do, but he only saw the power he could gain…" Kara's gaze grows distant and sad, "And he now wants Lah's body, so to have Lah's power for himself."

"And got his ass smashed straight down to Blackreach just for trying." I point out, earning a snort from Kara.

"I get overprotective." She huffs a stray lock of curly hair out of her face, "Plus, I believed that vaporizing his whole body in one go would kill him, but nope."

Deinmaar hums and cups his armored chin in thought, "You said he weaponized his Immortality, right?"

Kara nods with a frown, "Yeah. Me and Lah obliterated his whole body several times, but he keeps coming back. Usually after a few years, one time after a whole decade. Sometimes stronger, sometimes weaker."

Deinmaar hums and paces a few times, earning my attention, "You know how he is doing that?" Deinmaar nods after a few seconds of consideration.

"A phylactery." The giant Atmoran points out, "But not just one. Several. Living phylacteries."

Kara blinks in confusion, then her eyes swiftly widen in horror, "You think he is Fleshcrafting pieces of his body on other beings before going to battle so that his Soul goes back to them after his body is obliterated?"

The former Dragon Priest nods heavily, "It is possible. A Dragon's Soul is attached to their flesh body. Leave behind a portion of it, obliterate the rest, and the Soul instantly snaps back to that discarded piece of flesh. Even a bone could work."

Hildr speaks up at that, "And he has all the flesh and parts he could ever need if he is that deep." Her words draw our attention, and she keeps going, "The Chaurus. They breed like insects, hundreds of eggs in one batch, and the Falmer are known to grow them as pets."

Deinmaar takes in a breath. It isn't sharp, but it is heavy. His hands clench slightly into creaking fists, "And he has been down there since the First Era."

Yeah, I've made up my mind, "We need to vaporize whatever is down there." Deinmaar and Kara nod without hesitation. "It is likely a hive. Maybe not, in case he did not want his pets and… sources of flesh to escape his control."

"We are still look at what could be tens of thousands of Falmer and Chaurus." Kara points out. Her words are heavy, not because of the opposition, but because of the amount of power we will have to unleash to wipe it all clean.

Me and Deinmaar can easily do so, but there is a risk of bringing a portion of Skyrim down if we fuck up.

Then Deinmaar asks something that made me want to kill someone, "What about his Dragon Priest?"

Kara shakes her head, and I take in a calming breath, "What's his name?"

Deinmaar turns to look at me. The eyes beneath his helm are heavy, pure disdain within them. "Hevnoraak."

"Fuck." Of course it is him. "He is sealed. Dunno for how long it'll last though."

Kara frowns and snaps a sharp gaze towards me, "Where?"

I couldn't help it. I glance towards Hildr. Her face instantly blanches, "No…"

"Between Falkreath and Markarth. Closer to Markarth than Falkreath, up in the mountains." Hildr looks ready to explode and curse. Not at me, but in general.

But she is also worried. Her granny still lives there, and Hildr misses her a lot. She still feels guilty that they basically left her behind so that they could leave.

I know that some nights, Hildr asks Hircine if what she did is right. But one cannot ask for comfort from a God, especially one that views things like an animal does.

"When the elders are too old to keep going, they prefer hanging back and watching the pack leave safely." Those were his words. Words that I heard because I couldn't sleep, and because Hildr was seeking comfort lest she cry herself to sleep once more.

Never thought a God could feel so… Human.

I shake away those thoughts as a brazen idea enters my head, so I draw Kara's attention with my hand. Her gaze subtly shifts towards me, then towards Hildr. She understands without any further prompts for me.

"Well, anyway…" Sighing, the minute curly haired woman jumps off the railing and approaches Hildr with a smile, "Skele-boy had a lot to say about you, so lets go down and see what I can teach ya, yeah?"

Hildr is instantly hooked, and I am honestly eager to see what she can learn under the guidance of possibly one of the greatest Magicians that have lived.

I watch them leave quietly before I speak up, "I have a plan."

Deinmaar crosses his arms, "And you have my sword." This guy is a bro.

I chuckle softly, "It's a stupid plan."

"So?" Deinmaar shrugs with a chuckle of his own, "As long as your life isn't on the line, I shall follow you."

I shake my head before throwing a look towards the frozen mountain. "Divide and conquer." I state after a few seconds, "The immense hole that Kara punched straight to Blackreach is mostly gone, probably due to earthquakes and whatnot."

The earth shifted due to the shifting plates, so the hole is mostly patched up, but is still there, partially. A long fall all the way down to Blackreach.

All the way down to Vulthuryol's lair and domain.

"You plan on taking the fight straight to Vulthuryol's home?" Deinmaar probes, and I nod.

"You hold the line here, keep everyone safe. I fall down and cut their reinforcements at the source."

And if things get back, I'll surely have absorbed enough Souls to Evolve. Hell, maybe I'll even be able to Evolve more than once, depending on how many damn Falmers there are.

Deinmaar hums softly, "The lady won't like it." He speaks of Hildr, and I chuckle softly.

"Hence why I didn't want her to hear such a plan." I'd rather not have her worry too much. She has already started keeping a very close eye on me since I've come back after our fight with Alduin.

"I have trust in your strength, brother." Deinmaar nods after a few quiet moments fly by, "I can handle everything here until you come back."

I raise a fist and offer it to him, and receive a swift fist bump a second later, "Hence why I can go ahead with that crazy plan."

It is the best way, unfortunately. We cannot risk battling Vulthuryol here.

For one, because it'll put a lot of people in danger. For two, because it might make Lah furious if he feels Vulthuryol try shit, forcing the Dragon to come back before we can free Kara.

"I do have a request, if you will." I perk up with a hum, then wave for Deinmaar to keep going, "Once we are done with Vulthuryol, I would like to hunt down Hevnoraak. He is a disgusting criminal that has eluded me for far too long."

I laugh at that, "I won't mind helping you out with that." Then I perk up, "Oh right, I do know of some other Dragon Priests. I want to run their names by you and check how strong they are."

That makes the giant Atmoran perk up, "Few didn't show up during my summons back then. Hevnoraak because he was a criminal and he would never stand fearlessly before me."

I nod in understanding at that, "Well, as you already know, I killed Krosis some months back. Rahgot also got killed by the Dragonborn some time ago, and Hildr currently holds his Mask."

Deinmaar hums and cups his chin once more, "Rahgot… I remember that he was a general of the armies back then. A physical fighter like me."

Matches with what Aurelia said about their battle in her letter, which was purely a contest of might.

"Any Dragon Priest off the top of your head that are stronger than you and we should be wary off?"

Deinmaar nods without hesitation. "Master Morokei, for one." Right, the fucker in Labyrinthian wielding the bullshit Staff of Magnus. "Then Lord Otar, and Nahkriin."

I nod, "I know where each of them are, though…" I fish into my robes, having always kept that map at my side, mainly to see if I would run into any clues about them. "Got any idea on who these two might be?"

I take out the map and show it to Deinmaar, who leans forward with an interested hum as I tap the two spots on the map. The one with a Dragon Priest seemingly being in Saarthal, and the other one being in Arcwind Point.

In the game, a Dragon Priest would spawn there if the player was high enough level, else it would be a leveled Draugr. But if the Dragon Priest spawned, they wouldn't have a Mask nor a name.

"That's…" Deinmaar whispers, large fingers tracing over the spot in Arcwind Point in disbelief, "That might be Konahriik?"

We share a stunned look at that, "Wha- How?"

"That is the place where her hometown used to be."

I lean back with a light breath and consider our option. "This sounds too good to be true." Deinmaar nods in agreement, "We'll go to check that area out as soon as we can, but let us not keep our hopes up."

Konahriik, if she is on our side, then will be an immense boost to our strength.

But why would she just rest in Arcwind Point instead of… I don't know, do something?

She battled Alduin when the war started, kept him from joining the fray before she seemingly disappeared and Alduin then ended up getting thrown into Time Jail.

I shake my head and store away the map once more. Deinmaar has no clues about the Dragon Priest that might lay in Saarthal, but… There is a Dragon Priest that might be there, that actually shouldn't.

Ahzidal. The great Nord Enchanter that swore an oath of vengeance against the Snow Elves after they sacked and slaughtered the whole of Saarthal, and went on to assist Ysgramor and the one-hundred Companions in helping them genocide the Snow Elves.

But why would he be there?

I shake away those what-if's and just focus on the present. That'll be an issue for the future, and I'll think about it when it comes.

"You take care of an issue and two more pop up to annoy you right after." I sigh, wanting nothing more than to jump off the roof of the College and smash my skull into the frigid waters below.

Not that I'll feel any of that.

"Hevnoraak isn't powerful." Deinmaar points out lightly, "Even Rahgot would be a far tougher opponent. Hevnoraak merely is a pest that has survived due to everything he has stolen from others."

I perk up at that, "What did he steal?"

"Powerful artifacts." Deinmaar scoffs with a shake of his head, "His Mask basically conjures a powerful, near unbreakable Ward around him. He stole it after assassinating the recruit that earned that Mask, then fleeing and hiding like a rat."

Huh…

"So he's a fraud. Got it."

Deinmaar nearly keeled over from how hard he wheezed at my words.


~~XXX~~​


"How many people did I lose?" Balgruuf's voice was heavy. Angry. Tired.

But mostly angry.

His grand palace, untouched for generations, had been torn open. Wounded. And he was but a helpless fool, unable to stop it.

It felt like a stain upon his legacy. An insult upon his Ancestors, upon all the grand individuals that stood within this palace and sat upon the throne below the Dragon Skull.

And it wasn't just the wound upon Dragonsreach that angered him so. The destruction of his city fueled that anger and turned into fury.

Thrice was his city attacked so far. Thrice did he lose fearless warriors and innocents in order to protect it.

How many more will he have to lose?

"I doubt we will reach the hundreds, my lord." Farengar answers. His Court Mage was tired, barely standing on his feet… But there was a fire within his eyes. A touch of madness, but not the bad kind.

It was that madness that led to inspiration.

"Those scrolls Leonidas sent us… They pretty much made our people nigh-immortal, my Lord." Farengar chuckles. It was a weak sound, but one filled with delight. "Some of our soldiers barely even reached some of the Dragons before the people tore them apart."

Balgruuf allows himself a cold laugh filled with satisfaction. He couldn't be more proud to have such people within his city.

"I walked past a Dragon stuffed full of pitchforks, so I can believe that." Irileth muses, equally tired but still holding her composure as she inspected the interior of Dragonsreach.

Workers, soldiers, civilians and other Jarls moved around, moving the bodies of the fallen and helping with the rubble.

"The air defenses worked wonderfully. Though 'tis fair to point out that it all ended so fast and swiftly due to the Dragonborn's timely arrival." Balgruuf nods at Irileth's words. He would never be able to repay that woman's efforts.

Though he doubted she'd even accept anything he'd have to offer. Aurelia had a heart of gold, after all.

"Not just her." Farengar hums, nodding towards the destroyed front of Dragonsreach, and what lays far down before Dragonsreach.

A Dragon. A living one. And one that fought, bled and killed his brethren for them.

Four Dragons. That was how many Dragons Julspaan tore through. A massive wall of scale and righteous fury, withstanding the Shouts of his brethren and tearing through them with pure physical might alone.

Shaking away those thoughts, Balgruuf stands as he inspects the hall once more.

The Jarl started gathering once more, and Balgruuf allowed himself to relax at the sight of the Emperor being in good health.

Though not everyone came out of the battle unscathed. Ulfric for example… His whole left arm was gone. Balgruuf heard Ulfric had sacrificed it to a Dragon so that he could then stab his sword through the beast's skull.

If the loss of a limb bothered the man, he didn't show it on his face. Though a deep, pensive look was visible within his eyes.

The man was distracted. Deep within his thoughts. Balgruuf hoped they were rational thoughts.

"It is good to see you unharmed, Emperor." Balgruuf states over the quiet that fell over Dragonsreach, and the Emperor chuckles lightly.

"All thanks to your people, I must say." The Emperor praises, a baffled look on his face, "I failed to reach one living Dragon. On horseback. I always forget how terrifying Nords can be."

A faint laugh echoes throughout the hall, lightening the mood a great deal, "My people had a lot of anger to release on those beasts after they attacked us so many times already."

The Emperor snorts, "I saw some nasty wounds on some of those corpses, so I can believe that…" Farengar turns away and Irileth gives the man a disturbed look. Balgruuf hopes Farengar did not pull a Leonidas.

Already his soldiers had turned the asshole destroying method from that man into the 'Leonidas Method', which they now basically worshiped as THE Dragon Slaying way.

The fact that it was so damn effective made it even worse.

Rolling his shoulders, the Emperor sighs deeply as he steps forward, "Now… Skyrim has lost two Jarls so far." The man announces, gaze heavy as he regards the two empty seats, "The Moot can be called another time if the remaining Jarls decide so."

Stepping forward, Balgruuf narrows his eyes in thought for a short second before speaking up, "Ulfric." The Stormcloak leader perks up at being called, "Do you know what happened to Siddgeir?"

It wasn't an accusation, but a genuine question, and Ulfric frowned in thought for a short few seconds, "He is probably still suffering in the bathroom."

… Balgruuf sniffs. Well, that is one way to incapacitate a Jarl without violence, but also making them beg for the sweet release of death.

"I wouldn't wish such a form of torture even on my worst enemy, Ulfric…" The Jarl of Markarth couldn't help but whisper, pure horror filling his voice.

Ulfric shrugs.

"I would." Elisif whispers from her chair, and Ulfric shudders and averts his gaze.

Shaking aside his amusement, Balgruuf speaks up once more, "I vote to keep going with the Moot." He declares, bringing focus and attention back to the mostly destroyed table.

For a moment, Balgruuf thought that Elisif would swiftly support his decision. But instead the widow remained quiet, her gaze downcast and distant.

The other Jarls shared glances, some a few whispered words, but in the end they all agreed.

The Emperor nods and squares his shoulders once more. Gone was his imposing presence, but back was his seriousness. "Then… Allow me to say something, before the Moot goes back to the matter we were discussing."

Ulfric doesn't flinch. He doesn't even blink. He simply sits there, head held high, but not in arrogance or pride. But in acceptance.

"I love Skyrim." The aged Emperor states heavily, voice warm and kind, "And I love the people that bless this land."

"When the capital of the Empire fell all those years ago and I was forced to flee like a coward… It was Skyrim that took me in."

"It was Skyrim that cradled me back to full health."

"And it was the burning flames of determination of the people of Skyrim that pushed me back to reclaim the city from those bastards."

The Emperor's gaze falls and slowly moves around, meeting the eyes of each Jarl. Even Ulfric.

"When deep inside I was close to giving up and despairing… Skyrim did not." His fists clench at his sides, "The people of Skyrim laughed, patted me on the back, and assured me that the Empire would not fall."

"And it did not."

Breathing in, the Emperor finally retracts his intense gaze by closing his eyes, "You've lost much, due to the war. And have lost even more recently… As the Emperor, I can give you orders… But I won't."

"I will only ask one thing. Please, do not tear each other apart."

Ulfric breathes in, then breathes out. He closes his eyes and lowers his head.

"Have you anything to say, Ulfric Stormcloak?" The Emperor asks, finally giving the man – the reason – behind the Moot the spotlight.

For a moment, Ulfric opens his mouth, then closes it as he lifts his head and opens his eyes, "I won't say that I was wrong." The Jarl of Windhelm states softly, and despite his words no one jumps in to berate him. Or to shout at him. They just wait and listen.

"But I won't say that I was right either." Ulfric states soon after, loud and clear enough for everyone to hear.

Balgruuf blinks and leans back in surprise, and the Emperor nods, seemingly satisfied.

Ulfric keeps going, "I don't…" He starts, but stops himself, gaze flicking left and right, as if searching for the exact words to use, "I now don't really understand what exactly I was trying to achieve."

"Freedom of Skyrim? Skyrim has always been free. Always been left alone."

"What exactly was I trying to do beside having brothers and sisters kill each other?" Ulfric chuckles. It was a mocking sound, full of scorn and hate. Towards himself.

The man shakes his head and leans back. He was lost, confused. He didn't understand why, or what caused it, or what happened.

Was it the Emperor standing against him? Was it the anger within the Emperor's eyes?

Was it the hate within the eyes of his fellow Jarls?

Ulfric didn't know.

But then his mind goes back to the previous battle. Back to several moments he had seen during the long fight.

An Imperial Soldier dragging a wounded Stormcloak away from the rubble.

A Stormcloak pushing an Imperial away from the flames of a Dragon.

An Imperial and Stormcloak using their shields to protect the civilians from the glacial breath of the Dragon they were battling.

Imperial and Stormcloak soldiers fighting side by side. For the same cause. For the same people.

Yesterday, they would have stabbed each other on sight.

Today, they stood side by side and faced a mighty beast of legends.

What about tomorrow, then?

Ulfric Stormcloak… Starts to understand.

He felt abandoned. Forgotten. He had joined the war and broken an oath for the Empire.

He was captured. Tortured. Mocked. Humiliated. Interrogated. He said nothing, he did not break. He wouldn't. Couldn't.

The Empire never found him. The Empire never searched for him.

Ulfric believed that the Empire had abandoned him. Abandoned Skyrim.

Ulfric Stormcloak was a fool.

A fool that was benefiting the enemy and no one else.

"I will accept any punishment that the Emperor and my fellow Jarls want."

Ulfric accepts his fate. He accepts his wrongdoings. He had a lot to think about. A lot to meditate on.

His mind wasn't calm any longer, and he hated it.

The Emperor nods, and turns towards the Jarls. The Jarl share glances… Then turn towards Elisif.

The woman perks up, her distant gaze focusing back as she blinks, then stares at Ulfric. The man did not hold her gaze, and appeared lost in thought.

Elisif did not demand him to look at her.

Her eyes narrowed and reddened. Her lips parted, quivered, then closed before her teeth bit down upon them harshly.

"The punishment I have in mind…" The woman starts, voice heavy, hoarse, "It is one that only benefits me. That only satisfies me."

"But as a Jarl, I must think of the people, too."

Elisif breathes in and leans back, then breathes out, "I will not ask for his head. Or for his life." Ulfric lifts his head in stunned silence, his eyes wide as he stared at the widow of his own making, "But…"

Then Elisif's gaze sharpens and grows heavy. "I won't forgive you. I never will. Maybe in the future I will demand for your death, when Skyrim is safe once more… But until then, you will live."

"You will live, and fight, and protect Skyrim."

Elisif breathes out, then steels her gaze, "And you will go apologize to the High Elders. That is the punishment I give you."

Ulfric stills, eyes wide and nearly horrified.

"Journey back to High Hrothgar, and let the Greybeards judge you."

Before the very eyes of the Emperor and the other Jarls, what Ulfric does is shocking…

He whimpers.

Even the Emperor hisses at the punishment Elisif dished out upon the man that she hated the most.

Yet, despite it all… Balgruuf is glad.

He is glad the Moot did not turn into a battle between brothers and sisters. Into a play to try and kill the other Jarls.

Into a final back-stab that would put Ulfric down like an animal, and not a warrior.

Deep down, despite his inner ire at the Civil War and everything that happened due to it… Balgruuf is glad.

He allows his shoulders to relax, and lets out a deep breath. His throat was parched, his body ached, and he wanted nothing more than to hug his children and lay in his bed.

But he still had things to do.

"My Jarl." A runner walked past the ruined front of Dragonsreach and up the long stairs that led to the main hall, bowing before the Emperor and the other Jarls, "The Dragon below wishes to speak with you all."

Julspaan, Balgruuf realized. Despite that titanic Dragon still being in his city, Balgruuf wasn't worried.

That beast fought and bled for them. For all he cared, that Dragon was now a brother in arms.

Balgruuf stands first, and the other Jarls follow suit, Ulfric included. The Emperor leads the way, his guards at his side and falling into steps instantly.

Nobody talks on the way down, their eyes soon falling upon the titanic Dragon that had treated his own brethren like sponges to be beaten.

His body still lay littered with wounds, but the dark beast stood tall, wings curled at his sides and head held high.

Glowing golden eyes slowly flicked down to take in their arrival once they slowly came to a stop, and his massive head inclines down soon after, "I thank you for answering my call so quickly."

The Emperor laughs lightly. It was a powerful sound, one that made the other Jarls relax, "You bled for these people and fought your own kind for us. That is the least we could do."

A rumbling sound comes from the titanic beast. A chuckle. One so powerful it made the very air shake. Even the earth beneath their feet seemed to resonate with it. "I refuse to stand by and let these atrocities go by. Not any longer."

The Dragon rises, standing tall once more, "I meditated upon it. Upon my role in this incoming War. I was a bystander in the previous War, but now…" The Dragon breathes in.

Then he exhales. The earth rumbles.

Balgruuf swore that the decayed tree in the middle of the square suddenly sprouted several leaves.

"Now I won't, and the Sky has given me a role." Golden eyes fall upon the Jarls once more, "Pick one-hundred man and women from each of your cities and send them to High Hrothgar."

"They shall be taught the Voice, like in the past."

Goosebumps rise on the skin and arms of each present Jarl.

They realized what this meant.

The Thu'Um had been taught to the Races of Men to combat the Dragons in the Merethic Era.

Then, slowly, the power of the Tongue had slowly disappeared to just a scant few wielders, few among them being fighters.

This Era likely had the least amount of Tongues in existence. And it was the very Era in which the World-Eater came back to complete his task.

"Why now?" Ulfric is the first to speak time, "I've been taught the Voice, and it takes a long time to learn. Do those we chose have enough time to learn?"

The Dragon nods, "That man managed to buy us plenty of time. A whole year, maybe more, at most."

The Emperor perks up, "That man?" He parrots.

"A man the lord of this city knows well, I am sure." Balgruuf perks up, then he freezes. His eyes go wide soon after.

It couldn't be… "Leonidas?"

The Dragon chuckles and nods, "Yes, that man." Julspaan's head rises to gaze at the sky, "I felt it, even from here. His battle with Alduin."

"He made the World-Eater cower, and that will grant us precious time."

Balgruuf felt faint. That man- The wandering Archmage that tags along the Dragonborn…

Just what kind of monster was he to make the World-Eater cower?

"Then we must not waste it." Balgruuf declares as he shakes his head to recover enough to speak properly and stand on his two feet without trembling. "Should the people we chose have certain qualities?"

Julspaan shakes his head, "Young or old, man or woman, fighter or not. As long as they can speak and listen, then they are most welcome."

Elisif is the next to speak, "And won't they misuse this gift that will be taught to them?" Her gaze flicks towards Ulfric, mostly to point out his broken oath.

"They shall take a powerful Oath, one that is more than just words. The Sky shall preside over the ceremony."

A Divine… That meant that breaking the Oath would have severe consequences.

"I thank you for the aid you are willing to give the people of this land." The Emperor speaks, voice warm and thankful.

Julspaan inclines his head, "It is the right thing to do… I merely wish more of my brethren see what I do." With that, the Dragon rises.

Then, with the nimbleness of a cat, the massive beast leaps high into the air and flaps his enormous wings once.

"I shall eagerly wait for the arrival of your people."

Those were the parting words of the gargantuan Dragon before his form turns and begins flying back towards High Hrothgar, leaving the Jarls and the Emperor quiet.

For they all knew what was coming.

This quiet was different. It wasn't the quiet before the storm.

But the quiet before the Apocalypse.

And they had to prepare, lest all that is left of Skyrim will be ashes and brimstone.

And the countless corpses of Dragons that had to die to bring it down.


~~XXX~~​


The wall of ice and stone crumbles from one good and light blow from Deinmaar, and all that greets us beyond is darkness and absolutely nothing.

Yet, we walk in without fear or care, leading a much bigger small army of mages and soldiers with murder in their eyes.

"They are gone." Deinmaar muses, "Like you said."

I nod, "Vulthuryol probably called them back when he felt us kick Alduin's shit in." A chuckle rumbles out of my giant friend, who stomps forward to further inspect the massive expanse of darkness before us.

A simple hand gesture from him had the aged Tolfdir step forward and swiftly launch a miniature star high into the air.

It exploded in a blinding flash, then remained fixed in place, bringing light to the vacant interior of the frozen mountain.

The stone beneath our feet is a dull gray, and far ahead of us, roughly more than a hundred meters – maybe close to two-hundred – lay an immense hole.

No signs of Falmers, or of their equipment, or even of their usual architecture and buildings made out of Chaurus materials.

The hole is wide, big enough to swallow Alduin whole and have a bit of space left over. It is a straight hole down too- No stairs, no nothing. Just a pit that goes down for hundreds of meters.

"I don't like this quiet…" Faralda muses, and Deinmaar nods.

"Good. Let us use this time to prepare our defenses." Tolfdir nods and steps forward, taking the lead before crouching down and placing his hands on the ground below us.

He perks up soon after with a "Hm?" Sound that attracts Faralda's attention.

"Something wrong?"

The Alteration Master furrows his brows and tests the stone beneath his hands, then lightly picks a stray pebble up and… Squishes it into powder. "It is very, very brittle…"

I hum at that. Kara had basically atomized this whole area back in the day – massive fucking overkill from the damn woman, by the way – and had said that she fixed it to the best of her abilities… With Alteration Magic.

Alteration Magic is known for having everything it builds turn brittle after the Magicka left within the construct runs dry.

The mountain, as Kara said, was something that she 'picked up and placed there', not something she made, especially since she couldn't have made the many ores Winterhold mined out of it.

A check with Mind's Eyes tells me that yes, the consistency of the stone beneath our feet is the same even hundreds of feet down.

I didn't think she fixed the damage so deep… I guess if I try hard enough, I can punch a hole down to Blackreach myself with ease.

The temptation is strong.

"I will freeze over the fortress you make, Master Tolfdir." The elderly mage nods at my reassurance, and he proceeds to get to work, raising massive armored walls of stone with laughable ease and swiftly having them encircle the entrance behind us.

Stairs rose soon after, allowing the mages and archers to swiftly take their positions, and three gates soon appeared over the walls under Deinmaar's direction.

It was best to divide the area into three battlefields, according to Deinmaar.

One side will be handled by Deinmaar, the mages and the soldiers. Another will be handled by Marius and my army of Conjured Werewolves, together with Phinis bringing back any dead left mostly intact.

The last side is for me and Hildr. Mostly cause I want to spend some time alone with the woman.

Kinda bad to be left alone in a warzone that will soon be filled with corpses, but… Hildr seems to be looking forward to it?

I freeze the walls and ground all around us once Tolfdir gives me the clear, then I step back to do my own thing.

I focus on that familiar necklace around my neck and let my Magicka flow into it. I instantly feel the connection go through, and watch as Reality twists and a portal forms right beside me.

Marius enormous form stomps through, steam erupting out of his nostrils as he rolls his shoulders and takes a look around, enormous war-ax resting lazily on his right shoulder.

His eyes take in the surroundings, and swiftly realize what is going on as a vicious grin spreads across his jaws, "Sir Leonidas, it is good to see you once more!"

I chuckle at the eager and happy greeting from the towering Minotaur, "Can't help but think of you when a slaughter is about to happen."

It is a good thing that the Hagraven that stays at the College isn't hanging around right now and isn't willing to assist, else Marius would have instantly turned her to pulp within seconds.

"I've grown to love such massive battles!" Marius chuckles, furred arms flexing and swelling with bulging muscles, "What's the plan?"

I quickly look around, ignoring the stares Marius is attracting so that I can quickly find Deinmaar. He was standing by one of the gates and directing some soldiers when he catches me waving and excuses himself to come on over.

"Ah, the slumbering beast I felt that day." Marius muses, a glint of respect within his eyes as he stares at the towering form of the Atmoran approaching us. "You truly are capable of becoming friends with anyone, Sir Leonidas."

I guess I can, strangely enough. Though I wouldn't really say I am friends with Hircine? Or perhaps we bonded due to our mutual love and adoration for Gretel.

Gods, I miss that little gremlin so damn much. I'm gonna give her the biggest hug I can as soon as I see her again.

I shake away those thoughts and swiftly focus back on the present to do the introduction, "Marius, this is Deinmaar. Deinmaar, this is one of the Hunters of Hircine. Very cool dude."

Marius snorts while Deinmaar chuckles lightly, "If my brother vouches for you, then I know I can only expect good things." The giant Atmoran nods and offers his hand, and Marius clasps it in a fierce grip with a grin.

"Give me a target, and I won't disappoint." Deinmaar nods and leads the way back to the gates, where he points towards the hole in the distance.

"Soon enough, a rather massive army of Falmer will overflow out of that hole. We expect their numbers to be in the high thousands."

Then Deinmaar points to the left and right side of the soon-to-be battlefield, "We will divide the area in three through ice walls raised by Leonidas. One side shall be handled by me and the mages. My brother will take another-"

"And I shall take the last." Marius nods in understanding.

And that's when I speak up, "Not alone, of course. I'll conjure a small army of sixty-four Werewolves, so that you can go wild."

Marius grins, "You really are spoiling me, Sir Leonidas."

I shrug at that before stepping forward to divide the battlefield.

I take a good visual estimate, before deciding to create the divide by placing walls from the very edges of the hole then moving them towards us.

The main flow will go to Deinmaar, the overflow from the back and sides will be divided between me, Hildr and Marius with his own group.

With the estimate done, I nod to myself and start raising the walls, making them at least five meters thick and at least two dozen meters tall.

My ice is already bullshit tough, but it is best not to risk anything.

"That should be good enough." I muse, withdrawing my gaze from the ice walls I erected. They are too slick for the Falmers to even try and climb over, plus so bullshit cold that their hands will just crumble apart if they even try.

Deinmaar pats me on the back in thanks before I move with Marius to his side, where I swiftly summon the army of Werewolves, all instantly howling and bowing before Marius massive form.

The Minotaur nods in approval at the sight before him before grinning down at me, "Seal the doors behind us, Sir Leonidas. There shall be no retreat, only victory and slaughter."

I snort, "I kinda pity the Falmers that will overflow to this side. Just a bit."

With that, I leave behind the eager for battle Minotaur and his small army, and freeze the gates closed at his request.

There is the problem of corpses highly likely piling up, which will create problems for the archers and the Mages. Marius likely won't have this problem, nor will me and Hildr-

Nevermind, Deinmaar can just evaporate them. Dude can throw around fucking plasma.

I watch the soldiers gather around Deinmaar and at the front of the gate, with two groups holding large shields before them with small gaps between each one, and another group holding incredibly long and sharp looking spears behind.

The are at least a few dozen meters ahead of the gate, giving them plenty of room to slowly fall back as they hold back the wall of Falmers that is slowly being tore down by the Mages and archers.

The walls above Deinmaar's gate are filled with quivers and arrows all over the place, with elevated areas having been made by Tolfdir to give the Mages greater aim.

We have Faralda and at least a dozen mages on our side together with Phinis working with his Necromancy. And Ancano too, for some damn reason.

I don't like his presence here, but I also don't want to send him away. For the simple reason that once he fucks up, I can just kill him on the spot.

"You'll burn a hole through his back at this point." Hildr's amused voice reaches my ears, making me turn towards the red haired beauty standing beside me, hands behind her back as her eye twinkles mischievously.

"What can I say? He is very killable." She snorts and bumps her shoulder against me, clearly in a much better mood compared to the past few days.

"You nervous?" I ask, and she surprisingly shakes her head, a serene smile on her face.

"Excited, more like." Her smile grows as she glances at me, "I am eager to show off all my hard work, you could say."

I chuckle at that, "It's just a bunch of Falmers. You and your Spirit won't be able to shine that much." It'll be like setting fire to an anthill, honestly. "Maybe we should find a Dragon for you to fight-"

I pause and freeze, earning a confused look from Hildr, "Leo?"

I send out another pulse with Mind's Eye, then another just to be extra sure.

The first one reveals hundreds, the next thousands of Falmers all crawling up the walls and all over each other, drawing closer and closer.

But they feel… different.

"They're coming!" I shout loudly, bringing all mages and soldiers to a halt for just a second before the Werewolves on Marius' side howl loudly.

"To your stations!" Deinmaar hollers from his position at the front, and I swiftly pat Hildr as we outside our own gate.

Each pulse reveals more and more of them, a literal tidal wave of skinny, bony creatures rising up from the depths of hell.

All goes quiet, the light shining high above us growing more intense to better help everyone.

Silence.

Then I feel a Falmer crawl its way up on Deinmaar's side, only to fall back when an arrow pierces through its skull, sending it falling back down the hole.

And then they came. As one. Like ants rushing out of their drowning nest, all screeching and howling and hissing madly while flaying wildly and rushing in all directions.

They crawled over each other, stomped over the fallen ones, ran into each other, and just screamed and wailed as they rushed forward, a pile of pale naked bodies that just keeps on growing.

Spells and arrows start flying instantly and mercilessly, with Marius leading the slaughter on his side and having the time of his life.

I take in the appearance of the Falmer rushing towards me and Hildr. Pale, skinny, malnourished… And changed.

Some lack arms, others have insect limbs Fleshcrafed into their sides or back or their legs.

Chaurus chitin attached to their belly, mandibles attached to their mouths, hands chopped off to make bone daggers out of their wrists.

Just what the fuck is Vulthuryol doing?

These are pets. Experiments, maybe out of amusement, fun, or boredom. Maybe all of them at the same time.

These aren't fighters, or Mages, or the cunning Falmer that initially attacked us before I froze the mountain.

No, these are the overflowing Falmer that were bred across the Eras by Vulthuryol. A sort of expendable army.

Hildr waves her arm through the air, unleashing a gargantuan wall of scorching flames that swallow the incoming tide of Falmer whole.

Yet she blinks in surprise when the majority just rush on true, flesh and muscles burning off their bodies, yet not keeping them from advancing forward. "They don't feel pain?"

Her eyes narrow, and she flicks her wrist. The air warps and twists as a literal inferno expands from her, turning flesh and bones alike into ashes within seconds and swiftly clearing our area of insane Falmer.

"They are being mind controlled." I muse. Or perhaps they are fleeing from something that terrifies them so much that even being set on fire does not make them falter.

The howls, screams and hisses from the Falmer grow louder and in quantity as the hole they are crawling out of just spews out hundreds each second.

I already have a thousand Souls… Just how many of these creatures are there?

I could Evolve, but I haven't had any time to think of a New Class I might want. Or New Classes, seeing that I'll surely be able to Evolve more than once in a row.

Oh well, they won't go anywhere, so I can just stockpile them with ease.

Me and Hildr slowly advance as I keep an eye on the other two areas with the Mind's Eye.

Deinmaar's side is in a sort of stalemate. He stands behind the wall of soldiers, watching them slide the spears back and forth, impaling dozens of Falmer at once while the shield-bearers easily hold back the screaming walls of flesh before them.

The Mages and archers are keeping them from overflowing, but the constant battering from the Spells on the brittle ground is starting to show.

A great number of Falmer are slaughtered as a huge portion of the wall cracks and falls off, allowing for a far greater number of modified Falmer to pour forward.

Marius and the Werewolves are having the time of their lives, and I haven't even activated Terra Santa to enhance our physical capabilities yet.

"Can't we just… Throw fire down the hole?" Hildr suggests, the scorching inferno around us keeping the Falmer from advancing further as they just turn to ashes within seconds due to the immense heat.

Her control is insane. It's just heat, no enormous walls of flames, and she isn't melting the ground below our feet, or even burning my robes.

"We could…" I hum as we walk forward, approaching the large hole overflowing with even more screaming Falmer.

All the battering and shaking from the Spells being launched keeps making it crack and expand more and more, which isn't really that good. We didn't expect the ground in here to be so brittle.

Though, now that I take in the size of the hole… How the fuck did Vulthuryol – who is bigger than the Dragon in Falkreath – even manage to squeeze through here last time?

I did feel his wing that time with Mind's Eye, and that wing alone was gargantuan, so the body has to be just as big, no? This hole shouldn't be big enough to allow such a Dragon to move around with ease.

The ground shakes, making Hildr momentarily stumble as another massive Spell – likely from Faralda – clears the field on Deinmaar's side and causes the hole to once more crack apart and expand.

This is both good and bad, because the falling debris and corpses end up killing countless Falmer, but it also makes more space for them to overflow out.

Lightning sparks between my fingertips, a simple Vasavi Shakti being more than enough to vaporize everything from here to the bottom. But I'd rather have my target here-

Oh, here he is. Finally.

"Vulthuryol is coming." I tell Hildr as I advance closer to the hole, now finally understanding how the Dragon manages to move around.

He modified himself. The back of his body lacks limbs, and is a long serpentine shape, allowing him to basically slither across these tunnels once his wings are tucked in.

Though, there is also a rather disgusting part to him.

The ground rumbles as a massive figure bursts out of the enlarging pit, two enormous claws coming into view and making any Falmer they land on pop like balloons as nine enormous dragon heads set on nine long necks rise into view.

Vulthuryol's body is a disgusting patchwork of countless scales and Dragon bodies, each of different color and shade, and clearly just ripped off another corpse and forcefully transplanted on this one.

"Vulthoryol!" Deinmaar's roar shook the air, the fury in his voice palpable, "You disgusting creature! You still live?!"

Heh, atta boy, Deinmaar! He'll make Vulthuryol believe that we weren't expecting his dumbass.

The nine heads turn, each regarding different targets, with only two moving to stare at Deinmaar, "Deinmaar…" The Dragon speaks in a snake-like hiss that makes Hildr shudder, "You traitorous filth… So it was you that I felt battling Alduin…"

Three of the nine dragon heads move to regard me, and I just wave at them.

I am literally standing right beside one of his two claws, and his fat ass I stopping the Falmer from rushing out, though I can still hear their wails and hisses down below.

Though, how did this bastard gain more Dragon bodies? How did he bring more Dragons down to Blackreach? Does he have a way out that we aren't aware of?

Something to find out.

"It's sad that you can't Shout." I speak up, earning the attention of all nine dragon heads, each with different sets of glowing eyes, "I was looking forward to your hollers after I gave you the same kinda backshots that killed several of your brothers."

Nine hisses flow out of Vulthuryol's jaws, and the massive dragon heads lean down to balefully glare my way, "And who are you, worm?"

I shrug, "No one, really." I wave off his attention, "Just the guy that put a hole the size of a building through Alduin's chest."

Vulthuryol stills, but I ain't done. Dude isn't even nervous that I am standing in front of him, or hasn't even noticed that I froze the edges of the pit for what I am about to do.

"Say; Have ya ever heard of Wack-A-Mole?" I lift my left hand to point at my right hand, which is clenched into a fist around a crackling and popping javelin of lightning, "This is the fuckin' hammer."

The finger then moves to point at Vulthuryol, "And you? The mole."

He moves, but I am faster.

The javelin expands, a catastrophic thunderclap rending scales and flesh from Vulthuryol's form as his claw tries to crush me into paste.

The small javelin becomes a pillar, and I lift my arm up, holding but a microscopic part of it.

The air warps and twists, then expands with a howl of heat and the deafening crackle of lightning that causes the world to flash black and white.

My ice hisses and steams from the heat, the hollow exterior of the mountain melting and glowing white as I slam down my arm.

Vasavi Shakti blooms like a Supernova in the shape of a beam that leaves spots in the air, and the whole cave rumbles as the hammer strikes the mole straight in the chest.

Vulthuryol has not time to roar, to twist or do anything else than be a damn target for a big ass pillar of lightning, because that is exactly what we wanted and what we expected.

Overconfidence. Overconfidence in the fact that he can't feel Kara or Lah around, his most hated foes that he stands no chance against.

Even Deinmaar's presence did not make him cower, and this arrogance of his is exactly what me and Deinmaar were hoping to expect and abuse.

The edges of the pit remain, but everything beneath crumbles apart as Vulthuryol and Vasavi Shakti become a glowing dot in the black abyss that awaits me below.

"Deinmaar, am leaving everything here to you, buddy!" I holler, knowing that the big guy surely heard me as I take a step forward to jump down the pit-

Before stumbling back when someone yanks at me. "Leo, what the fuck!" Hildr shouts, lone eye wide in panic as she holds onto my sleeve with both hands, trying to pull me back from the abyss just one step away.

"What?" I ask, tilting my head, "I'm just going to deal with Vulthuryol."

Hildr tries to yank me back once more, "By jumping down into the abyss?! Are you crazy!?"

"I won't even get hurt or feel it!"

"That doesn't matter!" Her voice grows desperate, "This is stupid! Move away from the edge, please!"

This is exactly why I didn't want to let her in on the plan. The needless fear or worry. "Hildr, I'll be fine, promise. I can't let this chance slip away-"

"Will you fucking stop putting the man I love in needless danger over and fucking over again?!" Hildr's scream makes me freeze.

Tears flow out of her lone eye, puffy red and narrowed in anger, fear and worry.

What did she just say?

She desperately yanks at my sleeve once more, "First with Deinmaar, then with Alduin, then with this!"

"You're slipping, and I don't know what to fucking say or do or how to act! And you keep pushing me away and hide things from me so you can do everything and that fucking hurts!"

Another yank, and this time I stumble back towards her, "So just please, step away from the edg-" A thunderclap rings out.

A bolt of lightning smashes into the brittle ground, right at the very edge of the frozen area I had created so to not let the pit expand too much.

Hildr stumbles as the ground beneath our feet gives way and starts falling, and I don't waste a second in pulling her close, "I'll throw you back up!" I shout-

But her hands grip my robes in a fierce grips as she hugs me tightly, "No!" She wails, pushing her face against my chest, "I'm not leaving you!"

God-fucking-dammit!

Juggernaut armor wraps around my body as I hug Hildr's form tightly, her breathing labored and panicked, her pupil dilated and slitted.

My ice is melting…?

I ignore the hissing and steaming of my armor as we fall, making sure that my back is the first thing to hit the ground down below.

At least Ancano finally signed his one way trip to hell ticket.


….​


Her shaky hand reached out to push the rubble before her aside.

The stone hissed, then bubbled, then started glowing white as she pushed and melted it aside.

Her body felt cold. Yet hot. She kept shivering and stumbling, and twitching. Her scarred yet itched. A lot.

"Leo…?" Her voice echoed in her ears, the glow of the glowing molten slag beneath her feet helping her move around the rubble.

She ignored the enormous cave she was in. The strange floating and glowing blue plants that lit it up and warded away the darkness.

The strange wildlife that fled from her.

Hildr ignored everything as she stumbled around a massive pile of debris.

Leonidas had to be beneath them. She had to help him. Find him.

"Leo…?" She called out again, her breathing growing heavier, slower. Her body started growing warm.

Her flames burned hotter against her will.

She remembered falling and hugging Leonidas. She remembered him tossing her aside and somehow halting her fall.

She remembered him hitting the ground like a meteorite before darkness filled her vision.

Her shaking gloved hand reached out to grab a massive slab of mossy stone and move it to the side.

The stone boiled and her hand went through it. She couldn't find purchase. Everything around her kept melting.

Everything around her kept burning.

Just like that day.

The ground shook beneath her feet, making her stumble and fall to her knees.

Her breathing started growing faster and faster. Her pupil dilated. Her canines sharpened.

"No…" Hildr whimpers, realization hitting her, "No, no, no-nononono…"

Her nails sharpened. Her fingers started stretching.

"Lord Hircine… You took it away…" She had asked him. He had strengthened her Spirit in turn.

He had taken away the immense power created by several dozen generations of Champions of Hircine coming together to sire the perfect descendant.

A stronger generation each time, with the first born bearing the brunt of all that power.

Despite the fact that just a portion of those blessings passes down to the firstborn, her Ancestors had discovered the they could be stacked.

Hircine never stopped them. They kept going, creating stronger and greater Champions with each generation.

Until it was her turn, and the process of constantly breeding the greatest Champion finally bit her family in the ass.

And when they made her transform to train her, she lost control.

And she melted a mountain into nothing.

Her family, gone. Her old home, gone. Her grandma took her and baby Gretel in, and Hildr forever swore to never use that power again.

"Why did you let me keep it…" Hildr whined as her body lurched, white-hot pain tearing at her insides as the air started twisting and hissing.

Then, in the back of her mind, she remembered something Leonidas had told her and Aurelia the night of the day he managed to haggle for Dawnbreaker from Meridia.

'Always watch your phrasing and words when making deals or requesting rewards from a God! They'll always try to give you as little as they possibly can or fuck you over."

Hildr hadn't even focused on those words back then, for she trusted her Lord. For she trusted Hircine.

But back then, Hildr hadn't answered. She hadn't nodded or said yes to Lord Hircine when he asked if she wanted to give up her power.

She only said that she'd keep worshiping him without it.

And he had fooled her.

The ground shakes once more, the sound of rubble moving and falling reaching her ears despite the persistent ringing she kept hearing.

Something heavy stomped on the ground, and Hildr panted as she lifted her gaze. Through her shaky vision, she could make out Vulthuryol's nine massive heads rising from the rubble Leonidas smashed him into.

Hildr grits her teeth and clenches her clawed hands, a growl rumbling out of her throat, her breath overflowing with embers.

Vulthuryol stills, then slowly turns. Nine heads and eighteen sets of eyes regard her coldly.

Greed soon fills his gaze. Greed for her power. For what his hers.

The Dragon lumbered close. The source of all these problems. The source of Leo's further carelessness.

The source of so much worry and fear, and hate-

The dam that she was so desperately trying to keep from breaking collapsed, and Hildr stopped caring.

White-hot flames washed forth, and Vulthuryol stills as a the air flees before the mad howl that blooms from within the flames.

Eighteen glowing eyes widen, then slowly look up as the ground capsizes and trembles as if a swift earthquake goes through.

The puddle of molten slag becomes an ocean of bubbling magma within the blink of an eye.

Fur as red as blood twists in the air with the heat radiating from each hair, and a colossal claw smashes down, splashing magma in all directions.

Where before Vulthuryol was staring down at a puny, ant-sized woman… He now found himself staring up at a colossal wolf taller than he was.

Vulthuryol cowers.

The one-eyed wolf roars.

The Sun blooms within Blackreach.



A.N. This was actually foreshadowed by a question I asked some time back. About how strong Hildr's wolf form was compared to Gretel's.

Plus, I did leave small crumbs that no one picked up.

Hildr never nodding or saying yes to Hircine, Gods being finnicky with deals, and what Leo said after the deal with Meridia.

Small crumbs, but still things I left to foreshadow this even when Hildr wasn't yet decided to be a main player.

And yes, she also confessed this chapter. She was always going to be the first to do so, in fact. Aurelia is too shy, while Hildr won't fuck around and be straight.

Soo… Yeah, kinda nervous on the reception of this chapter.

If y'all want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then feel free to hop on over to my and subscribe to the right Tier!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed it!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Levky, Aschente and 1,044 others
Musashi-Chan
May 3, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 41 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
May 11, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,397
I hate the darkness.

This is… Mostly new.

When I was young, I was terrified of it. I hated being unable to not see my surroundings, or to not have a clear line of sight. I just hated it so much that it became fear.

One that I kept into my late teens, where I always slept with a small light on… Then I grew out of it, but I do not remember when exactly.

And now… Now it is back. Maybe I am afraid now too, but I've grown to forget what fear feels like due to being unable to even feel pain.

Even when Alduin came to specifically kill me, I did not fear him one bit.

But now, I am afraid of the dark. Of the dark that refuses to leave, even when my eyes are open.

At a certain point, I became thankful that I couldn't close them. That I can't make everything go dark in a split second and be left alone with my imagination.

But it's there. Never leaving, and always pressing down on me, like a calling. A yearning.

Sometimes I just want to give in. To embrace it, so that I don't have to always flee from it, to rush to light a candle or hope that the Moon is brighter that night.

I sigh, wishing I could scratch my chin and feel it. Or… Well, be able to move.

In hindsight, jumping into an abyss that was likely several kilometers deep really wasn't the smartest idea, even if I have my Juggernaut armor to tank the hit.

Why?

Because I am around… Two dozen meters beneath the ground I crash-landed on?

I've always wanted to be a meteorite!

Not gonna lie, I expected to end up much deeper, but the ground is very likely incredibly hard. Funnily enough, the pit I smashed Vulthuryol dumbass into is right next to me.

Dunked his ass into the earth. That had to have hurt a lot.

Hopefully Hildr is alright… I made extra sure that her landing was going to be painless, but I still worry, and last time I checked on her through Mind's Eye, she was walking while hunched over.

The ice armor around my body crackles as I start flexing my arms, moving to get out of the hole I smashed into- But I stop the moment that I notice that everything starts… Shaking?

What the fuck?

A sound reaches my 'ears', still being insanely loud despite how deep underground I am.

Was that a fucking howl!?

A Draconian Howl instantly obliterates any rubble pinning me down, opening the hole for me to swiftly stand up- Then freeze when I notice the very hole I am in growing smaller.

Because the ground is melting and becoming a massive pool of glowing magma.

Freezing the ground and magma, I rise up to ground level as the tremors that kept shaking the ground grow distant, with roars and howls mixed in loud clashes.

Taking in my surroundings, I instantly correct a previous statement. Forget the pool… It's an ocean.

Magma everywhere I can see, the heat so high that the air is warping enough that I can barely see, but as I follow the sounds of battle and howling, I manage to catch glimpse of a gargantuan figure battling Vulthuryol.

A giant wolf cloaked in white-hot flames. The giant beast was tearing into Vulthuryol with a ferocity and ruthlessness that was mindless. Feral, even.

The giant wolf was crazed and bloodthirsty, tearing into Vulthhuryol with jaws and sharp claws to rip apart as much flesh and blood as possible.

Is that Hildr…?

She told me about it. About the Werewolf form only few had the honor of using, and one that had family had spent generations and countless years to breed the strongest one.

Hildr's parents never loved her. Neither her or Gretel. They were born just to keep this thing going, to maintain their Champion breeding streak.

The only one who changed due to old age was her grandma, who truly started to adore her and Gretel from young…

And then Hildr transformed while Gretel was but a baby, and she basically erased her parents from existence. All she knows is that her Grandma was the one to force her back to normal by taking her eye, but she doesn't remember what she did when she transformed.

All of that power forced into a small, mortal container. Hildr was effectively a Demigod.

If she could control this power of hers…

I shake away those thoughts and swiftly freeze a path forward, rushing ahead and towards the constantly moving battle.

Vulthuryol was getting absolutely decimated and humiliated. He isn't a strong Dragon, after all. He is more akin to a cockroach…

But I can see it, even from here. He is weaponizing his uselessness.

His wounds are healing with the help of Restoration Magic at an impressive rate, closing and going back to normal in the span of just a few seconds.

His jaws spewed out gargantuan arcs of lightning that gouged into the earth as he tried to hit the nimble and feral wolf that tanked each hit like it was nothing.

And then there were the subtle Alteration Spells here and there. A shift in the ground to make Hildr slip, a quagmire here that would that be a small hindrance before it becomes a molten pool…

Basic Spells, but overcharged with Magicka to make them powerful.

The normal Heal from the Restoration Magic, usually meant to heal small scratches, now used to heal deep gouges by being super-charged.

The weak Sparks Spell, recognizable due to its shitty accuracy. Super-charged with Magicka, it leaves deep trenches into the ground and stone it hits.

The shifting of the ground, making it move and making it soft, just at a far greater scale.

Very likely due to his Fleshcrafted body, Vulthuryol must have a gargantuan amount of Magicka… Something he weaponizes to make his uselessness more powerful.

Clever… But not enough.

Because despite all that… Four of his nine heads have already been turned to ashes by Hildr. He couldn't heal that kind of damage.

I kept running, drawing closer and closer to the battle even as I took notice of how Hildr was swiftly growing weaker and weaker. Her flames weren't glowing as brightly, nor was she creating huge pools of magma beneath her anymore.

Plus, she wasn't as nimble or as fast as before, and Vulthuryol was starting to land more and more blows on her form.

All that power obviously comes at a cost, and the mere fact that she is able to stay in that form for a couple of minutes speaks of how strong she is.

A javelin of lightning booms within my right hand, then cracks apart the sound-barrier as I hurl it forward without wasting a second.

Vulthuryol barely has time to react, a lone head turning to regard the incoming giant javelin of lightning in a mixture of fury, horror and shock before it pierces into his large side and through the other, punching a large hole through his whole snake-like body.

A furious roar of pain leaves his jaws, but that was another mistake of his. The head that turned to regard my incoming attack soon had serrated jaws clamped around it, before it is violently and brutally ripped off the neck it was attached to.

Blood sprays everywhere, and Hildr squeezes her jaws shut, pulverizing the skull and swallowing the rest, her form starting to visibly shrink with each passing second.

Still, the damage was done. Vulthuryol looked terrified – he really is as much of a coward as Kara had said – and wary of both me and Hildr, and he was trying and failing to heal the hole I left in his body.

Five heads are gone, and after a few wary glances between me and Hildr, the serpentine Dragon swiftly turns and starts scurrying away without wasting a second.

Which is very good. He'll leave a trail of blood leading us to wherever he has made his nest and conducts all of his disgusting Fleshcrafting stuff.

I watch him go for a few seconds before turning my attention towards the giant wolf that is Hildr, heavy pants leaving her jaws as she stumbles forward with a tired growl, trying and failing to give chase to Vulthuryol.

"Hildr!" I shout, instantly making her attention snap towards me, a growl flowing past her flaming jaws as she tenses up. Her lone eye is filled with a madness that clouds it, confirming that she isn't in control of herself.

And I'm not going to attack her to make her snap out or tire her out. "It's me, girl." I say, spreading my arms as I keep approaching her, letting my Juggernaut armor fall apart and disappear.

Her growl is weaker this time, a flash of clarity flying by her lone eye. She shakes her head and paws at it soon after, a low whine leaving her.

I step closer, and her flames disperse, leaving behind her gorgeous crimson fur. "It's alright. I'm here." I reassure her as gently as I can, reaching forward to place a hand on her lowered snout.

Another whine leaves her as she leans into the touch, and soon the shrinking of her form grows faster and faster until what I am touching turns into Hildr's cheek.

Luckily, her clothes are still on her, somehow. Her eye flutters open, tired and weak, and she tries to say something before she slumps forward and into my arms, completely unconscious.

I don't waste a second in picking her up in a princess carry, holding her close as I inspect my surroundings.

An enormous cave, vast and stretching in all directions all the way to the horizon. The massive hole we fell from is not far, but is very high up.

It makes me wonder how Vulthuryol had the Falmer rush up from it, but whatever. They are all dead too, for that matter, utterly vaporized by the Vasavi Shakti that slammed the serpentine Dragon back down here.

Doesn't matter. Right not the most important thing for me is making sure Hildr is alright and will be safe.

But no matter where I look, I can't find any ruins I can use for a make-shift base to rest momentarily, so I just shrug and decide to follow after Vulthuryol.

Might as well see if I can find something while cutting the distance he put between us.

So, holding Hildr close, I start the long and quiet walk.

But my head doesn't remain quiet.

For it keeps replaying those last words Hildr shouted at me before we fell.

….​

I gotta admit… Blackreach has a whole lot of nothing to offer in terms of sights.

Yes, the strange exotic plants and weird, glowing and floating thingies that are very likely living beings are indeed fascinating, but they get old very fast.

One thing that doesn't grow old instead are instead the sights of just how rich in resources this place is. There are ore veins left and right, and everywhere I look and walk.

Plus, the alchemical ingredients. I recognize some due to mostly having gone through a book about them that Ancano kindly left behind, and quite a few of these ingredients I saw in great quantities are said to be 'rare and hard to grow' in the book.

Blackreach has to have some insanely bullshit fertile grounds, because the ecosystem is just thriving. Though it lacks animals and predators, strangely enough.

Perhaps they were all killed by the Falmer and their pet Chaurus through the centuries and Eras.

Still, it took a while to finally walk into a set of ruins- Well, less ruins and more a sort of abandoned farm.

I look around the valley, old buildings like a stable and a chicken coop of sorts lay abandoned and covered in overgrown foliage and grass. The majority of the stone fences have been visibly destroyed, perhaps by the animals that used to live here and escaped when their owners just disappeared.

The home is rather large, and it's like it is frozen in time. Frozen in the very last moment the family living here experienced.

The table in the living room is furnished with plates and rusted silverware, with all three chairs moved away from the table and some of the silverware resting on the floor.

As if dropped by whoever was holding them, maybe because they ceased to exist.

I drag my gloved, clawed fingers along the dusty table, gazing at the rotten and moss covered plates. At the dinner the family of four was eating before…

I shake my head and move away from the table where a family was very likely Zero Sum'ed because the rest of their Race wanted to play God.

I move to the stairs and rise to the second floor, the wood creaking beneath my steps as I approach the room where I left Hildr to rest a while back.

I expected to find her still asleep when I opened the door, but instead I find her awake and sitting on the old bed I placed her on with a small Anodyne around her just to be safe.

A part of me wanted to use a specific joke and go 'Hey, you're finally awake!' but I held myself back. "Hey." I say instead, making her tired green eye flick towards me.

She doesn't answer instantly as I approach and take a seat beside her, but she does finally speak up after several long seconds, "Did I hurt you?" She whispers, pure fear within her voice.

I offer her my hand, and she takes it with both of hers instantly, "You recognized me." I tell her, making her jolt in surprise, "It might be because you were very tired at the moment, but you still did… So you relaxed and turned back."

I could hear her teeth gritting, so I gave her hand a reassuring squeeze, "You were cool as fuck, by the way." She startles out of her worry and fear to give me a wide eyed stare, "You fucked Vulthuryol up… And melted a great deal of Blackreach too, but that's alright."

Her mouth opens and closes in shock, "I was… C-Cool?" She repeats, and I tilt my head in confusion, "Not scary? Not horrifying? Not a m-monster…?"

I sigh softly and bring her into a hug, which she happily reciprocates, "Nope, you were cool as fuck. An enormous flaming wolf beating the shit out of a giant Dragon… Gretel is gonna be so mad that she wasn't here to witness that."

Hildr laughs, her worries and fears visibly melting away as she shakes against me, her lovely laugh filling the air and also making me relax, "So yeah, you ain't a monster, Hildr. You never were, and you never will be."

Her hug grows tighter, and I discard the minor annoyance at being unable to feel it as I hold her close, giving the comfort she needs. "Are you angry?"

She sniffs and pulls back, wiping at her lone eye before sighing, "I don't know." She whispers, leaning against me as she stares at her gloved hands, "I like being one of his followers. And despite how I came to be, I take pride in basically being his strongest Champion to ever exist… I just wish I could control it."

I wrap my arm around her shoulders, "Divine power always comes at a cost, and you basically have countless generations of it shoved into you."

"Your transformation was insanely powerful, but it barely lasted even five minutes due to how much energy you were using." She told me how Werewolf transformations work the same way.

They consume energy, so they need to eat while in that form to keep their mind straight, else they go feral due to hunger.

I give her shoulder a light squeeze, "We'll find a way to help you control that form. Alright?" She nods against my shoulder, and I'd smile if I could.

We fall into a comfortable silence after that, and Blackreach is also relatively quiet, with no noises or distant sounds reaching us.

Hildr shifts around beside me before speaking up, "...You got anything else to say?" I hum and tilt my head as I pull my arm back from her shoulders.

"What do you mean?"

She keeps her head lowered, letting her long hair cover her face while her hands shyly shift on her lap, "About what I said, before we fell."

Ah.

My shoulders slump slightly, those words once more ringing through my head. "I'm not… Oblivious, you know?" I sigh out and lean back, tilting my head back so to stare at the stone ceiling above us covered in webs, "I just act like it on purpose."

"I've noticed that I grow attached easily since I came to Skyrim. Perhaps it might be because I can't feel anything, or because I was alone for quite a while before I got here, or a mix of both…"

Hildr shifts more besides me, "Then, why-"

"Hildr." I cut her off, turning so to fully face her, and moving her hair out of the way. She turns her head to face me, and I cup her cheek in my hand, "I adore you."

Her eye goes wide, and her cheeks instantly darken, "You are breathtaking, and a delight to be around. Like Aurelia, you help keep me grounded and sane when I'd have probably snapped a long time ago."

"Am I attracted to you? Hell fucking yes I am. Am I attracted to Aurelia? Abso-fuckin'-lutely. Would I court the hell out of you both if I had a body? That's a stupid fucking question."

"The problem is that I can't, and I don't know if I ever will be able to." My voice grows quieter, but Hildr leans into the hand cupping her cheek, "You can't even imagine how much I long and crave to feel your and Aurelia's warmth or hugs."

Her lone eye closes, a dazzling smile on her lips as she rests a hand over the one holding her cheek, "You would never chose between the two of us, would you?"

"Like hell I would." I answer instantly, "I would never make one happy and break the heart of the other one. I'd never forgive myself for that."

"Then don't." Hildr instantly fires back, her lone eye opening with a mischievous glint in it, "I think I can get used to sharing."

Uhh… What?

"What?"

Hildr snorts, and her beautiful smile just grows bigger, her face downright glowing, "Took you by surprise with that, huh?" I nod, and she laughs, "I've honestly been putting some thought into that for a while now. Started from the moment that I realized you are the only one for me."

I lean back in surprise, "Why are you even attracted to me?"

Hildr looks at me as if I am an idiot, "For one, you save my little sister from a gruesome fate, proceed to just casually grant me my greatest wish and desire, then I kept seeing Gretel laugh and be so happy just because of you."

"You are a headache, but you always put a smile on my face. You would gladly face everything alone if it is just to keep me, Aurelia and Gretel safe and unharmed."

"For the longest time, I had to rely on myself despite being unreliable… Then you came along, and you let me rely on you, and I know that even with all the problems and issues currently plaguing you, you'll never break."

"You make me feel safe, Leo." Leaning forward, she wraps her arms around my neck and rests her forehead against my mask, "That is all I've ever wanted, for me and for Gretel."

"So how couldn't I fall for the man that gave me all of that, and keeps giving me more?"

I once more slump my shoulders, then sigh softly, "Of course a wolf is attracted to a sack of bones."

"Oh you fuckin-!"

Hildr screeches as I cackle and she uselessly tries to strangle me while shaking me back and forth.

"Tch…" With a click of her tongue but a beautiful smile on her face, Hildr pulls back and brushes her hair behind her ear, "Whatever. I know what I want, and I'll fight for it."

I blink as she stands, placing two of her fingers over her lips and giving them a kiss, before placing them on my mask, roughly where my lips should be, and throwing a wink my way. "You're not getting rid of me."

"I wouldn't dream of it…" Gods, she's so damn sexy sometimes.

With that out of the way and a blush still present on her cheeks, Hildr stretches her back with a groan, "So, where exactly are we?"

I shake my head and stand up, "Old abandoned home I found while following after Vulthuryol." I have her follow me downstairs while filling her in on her whole fight against the Dragon, how much damage she did, and anything relevant I saw while following after it.

"Did you find where he is hiding?" Hildr asks as we step outside, and I nod.

"Not far from here, just over that hill." I point to a tall hill far behind the farm, close to the building that should be old stables. "It's like… A large city, just mostly in ruin." And it is a city I recognized very easily. Kinda.

Why? Because it has that floating glowing sphere that is used to summon Vulthuryol in the game.

"So, what's the plan-" I tilt my head when Hildr stops talking all of a sudden, and I turn to her in confusion. Her lone eye is staring at something behind me in a mixture of curiosity and disgust, "What the fuck is that thing?"

I turn around to see what attracted her attention, and pause at the sight before me.

A small mostly black creature with a fat belly, hunched over body, and thin limbs. It's roughly the height of Gretel, with two big round eyes staring in two different directions.

"What the fuck is a Riekling doing down here?" I question aloud as I stare at the ugly creature. Its face looks like it ran full speed into a wall at Mach Fuck. Hell, it reminds me of Pugs.

"That's a Riekling?!" Hildr questions, clearly just as shocked as I am. Mostly because the creature is so ugly that it doesn't resemble one that much.

"Mreh…" The Riekling staring in two different directions joins the conversation with those very intelligent words… Before shoving a whole finger up his right nostril.

Hildr gags in disgust, while I watch in interest as one of its eyes start rolling around. Clearly the dude is scratching his peanut sized brain at this moment.

"I like him." I nod cheerfully before stepping towards the small creature a few paces away from us, and patting him on the shoulder. "You are my friend now."

"Nyueh?" Truly, such eloquent and fascinating speech. Shakespeare could never.

"Your name shall be Poopdagger." I declare, ignoring the choked laughter from Hildr behind me.

"Poopdaggah!" The Riekling exclaims, throwing both of his tiny hands in the air. He still hasn't looked at me directly, goddamn…

"Yes, Poopdaggah sounds much better." I nod and pat him on the shoulder again as the small creature cheers once more, then farts.

Then starts scratching his ass.

Thankfully he is wearing a loincloth.

I turn away from the Poopdaggah as he starts sniffing his hand and turn towards a disturbed and disgusted Hildr, "I have a wonderful plan now!" I exclaim before happily walking towards the house once more, "Help me grab anything we can use to make Scrolls. We'll make a lot of them."

Hildr blinks, but swiftly follows after me, "You want to make a bomb?" Smart girl, she swiftly caught onto my plan.

"Yep!" I remove the rotten cloth from the table, leaving everything on it to fall on the floor, "I don't want to kill Vulthuryol just yet. I'd rather make sure he has no other Flesh Pit or whatever it's called."

Hildr nods in understanding as I start tearing the table cloth to make smaller ones, "So we'll make him run away again and again, until he has nowhere left to use."

I nod, "We'll still have to approach him so to throw all the Scrolls we have prepared, but it won't really be a problem."

Hildr hums, digging through a library while Poopdaggah walks into the door. Literally. I already love this dude. "Actually, Kara taught me that we can link a Scroll to a password."

I freeze at that, and Hildr keeps going, "She says that it works similar to Chants, something about our words being strangely connected to Magic, and we can connect one or more words to a Scroll while placing the Original Rune…" Hildr stops.

Slowly, she looks towards me.

I look at her.

Then our eyes move towards Poopdaggah. He stares at us, simultaneously. "Poopdaggah!" He bellows out like a fierce warrior, while drooling everywhere.

Me and Hildr look at each other once more, and she smiles.

Oh yeah, I love this girl.

...By the way, how many Souls have I gathered so far? I presume quite a bit, since I killed all the Falmers from the hole in Winterhold all the way down here.

[Souls; 11478!]​

…

WHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK-

~~XXX~~​

Vulthuryol felt it.

He felt the change in the air. The danger drawing closer. Like a mighty beast having placed its gaze upon him.

Him, a mighty Dragon… Was now regarded as a prey.

His remaining Dragon heads turn to regard his surroundings. The broken city, lit up by the sphere hanging in the air high above him.

And below him lay a large square filled with mangled flesh, shattered bones, and pools of blood.

It was actually far bigger, as this used to be a large pit he had his puppets dig out throughout the years, then had them breed each other and throw the crippled or useless ones down there.

Their population kept swelling, they kept breeding, they kept tossing more and more into the pit. Then the Chaurus were added to the mix and became his thralls too.

His army swelled in massive numbers. A very weak and useless army that never trained and mostly just kept breeding for more puppets, but an army nonetheless.

He had several, in fact… Or used to, at least. His planned invasion for the surface was thwarted due to the presence of that damnable Deinmaar.

Now, the Falmers he had under him were perhaps in the hundred. He had thousands of them, mainly because he butchered many more to prepare a few more Flesh Pits just to be safe.

The Chaurus… It was a waste to use them for battle just yet. If only he had Hevnoraak, he could create Falmer Chaurus Hybrids. Make an army of them in just a few decades or centuries.

Then they'd use it to sweep the surface.

Alas, he could at most use Fleshcrafting to repair his grievous wounds and organs, or modify his body with simple changes. But far more complicated modifications? No, that was Hevnoraak's specialty.

The blood and flesh of the pit churned as he kept repairing the damage to his body. Those fools let him escape, and while the loss of five of his heads was a lot, the damage to his body was negligible.

He could remake his whole body seven times with this pit alone, after all!

Once more, a chill goes down his spine.

Then winds carry a ferocious cry, "Poopdaggah!" Vulthuryol bares his jaws with his remaining heads, and turns in the direction of that mighty cry.

And there, standing upon the remaining arch that leads to the square of flesh and blood… Stood a small, overweight Riekling wearing a loincloth flapping in the wind, and revealing the horrors beneath.

The Riekling refused to even stare at him, both eyes looking to his left and right, as if mocking him! As if saying he wasn't even worth entering his gaze!

The gaze of a pathetic worm-like creature!

The fearsome Riekling grabs the large bundle of cloth resting beside him and shrugs his powerful shoulders.

Vulthuryol roars and stomps forward.

The Riekling charges and jumps, swinging the bundle of cloth through the air.

Four Dragon heads open, sharp jaws reaching forward to tear apart the little pest that still refused to even lay his gaze upon his beautiful form!

And the fearless Riekling, with eyes staring in two different directions, long tongue flapping through the air and spraying drool everywhere, speaks the words that have been granted upon him by Him!

"MI BOMBOCLAT-!"

The large bundle of cloth lights up.

Vulthuryol swiftly realizes that he had fucked up.

The magical equivalent of a Nuclear Bomb goes off right in his face.

And far in the distance, standing atop a tall hill, Leonidas and Hildr watch as the immense explosion of flames and the devastating shock-wave effectively evaporate the ruins of the city near-instantly.

And Leonidas, distraught, falls to his knees and throws punches the ground, "Poopdaggah!" He cries out in pure sorrow while Hildr smiles in satisfaction- In sadness yet with pride at the accomplishment of that mighty, handsome Riekling.

Then something smashes into the farm house behind them, causing it to collapse.

They turn, and watch as a small little hand rises out from the rubble… And gives a thumbs-up.

"Poopdaggah…"

Even the magical equivalent of a Nuke taken to the face couldn't put a fearsome fighter like Poopdaggah down.

"How the fuck did he survive that!?"

Hildr was left devastated- Elated that Poopdaggah survived, of course.

While Leonidas nodded in understanding.

"Every Dungeons and Dragons party has their Goblin companion. Guess we found ours!"

And so, Poopdaggah joins the team that shall save the world.



A.N. I've been wanting to write Poopdaggah for a while now.

As Leo said, all DnD parties have a funny Goblin companion that dies tragically. Or in hilarious ways.

Also yes, Bomboclat makes a comeback. Had to use it twice, especially since it kinda fits Poopdaggah, if y'all know the meaning of the word.

Also, sorry for the wait on the update! The 1st was my birthday, and somebody had to die during it cuz I can't enjoy shit, but I've struggled with writing sum for a while now.

If y'all want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then feel free to hop on over to my and subscribe to the right Tier!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Thank you for your patience!

Lots of love!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Levky, Aschente and 1,044 others
Musashi-Chan
May 11, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 42 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
May 26, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,494
"Man, we got the fucker lookin' over his shoulder every two seconds now…" I muse as I watch Vulthuryol's very injured form scurry away in a panic, once more leading us to his next Flesh Pit.

"Daggah!" The mighty Poopdaggah cheers from beside me, though he ain't even looking at Vulthuryol's retreating form as one eye is staring at the ground and the other at the ceiling.

He must be calculating the immensity of Heaven and Earth, I see. Young Master Poopdaggah.

I turn my head as the crackling of flames grows louder and watch as Hildr releases a gargantuan gust of flames from one of her gloved hands, setting the large Flesh Pit alight with a disgusted look on her face.

"This makes what… Four?" She asks, turning her gaze away from the burning pool of crushed up meat, bones, muscles and blood.

"Yep." I nod, straightening myself as Vulthuryol disappears over a tall hill in the distance. "He shouldn't have that many left over."

"But considering he has been at it since the First Era…" Hildr sighs, clearly not really feeling hopeful.

I'd kill Vulthuryol instantly, if it were up to me, because I know that I'll likely devour the strength of his Soul the moment I destroy his body.

But then the remnant of it will shoot off towards the other Flesh Pits to regrow his body, because the bastard has left pieces of his old body in their depths so to leave a connection.

Though it'll leave him out of commission for a long while. Decades at most, centuries at best. But a vermin like him shouldn't be put aside.

A coward he may be, but he is cunning. This plan of his to basically invade the surface only got fucked because me, Deinmaar and Hildr are here, and because I sealed off the mountain during the initial attack.

That was the original attack. The invasion he has been planning for so long, hence why he was present and I felt him through Mind's Eye.

Had he taken the city by surprise, he'd have likely won due to the Mages being unable to unleash the Master Class Spells in their repertoire… Though maybe Savos Aren would've been able to repel Vulthuryol, maybe even slay him.

He is an Archmage for a reason, and in Kara's own opinion, he is 'decent enough', which is quite the compliment from possibly one of the strongest Mages in history.

Hell, he did manage to run away from Morokei, who Deinmaar stated he'd stand no fuckin' chance against. The guy was the Vice Leader of the Dragon Priest Council, after all.

Only Konahriik stood above him in status and strength, but she was in a league of her own, apparently.

So yeah, destroying Vulthuryol's body would just weaken his Soul… But not his Magicka, unfortunately. I believe his Magicka reserves are related to his body, hence why he makes use of Falmers to form it, because they have quite a bit of it in them.

Absorbing the majority of power from his Soul would be useless because he already can't use Shouts, even after devouring the Souls of the Dragons he betrayed so to have additional heads on his body.

My plan is to just destroy all of his Flesh Pits, then freeze his ass into a statue and leave him like that until Aurelia comes along to end him once and for all.

Hell, Vulthuryol clearly caught onto our plan, but he can't really fight back. He is absolutely terrified of me – mainly because I believe he realized that I fought Alduin with Deinmaar, or something.

Plus, he is terrified of Hildr too. He knows that weakened as he is, he won't last two minutes against her wolf form this time around.

"Can't believe there are beings that are so fucked up in the head to do this stuff…" Hildr's disgusted words pull me out of my thoughts, and making me notice the disturbed frown she threw towards the burning Flesh Pit.

I approach her and place a hand on her hip, pulling her against my side, something she happily leans into, "I kinda pity him, to be honest." I state, earning a soft hum from Hildr as she rests her head on my shoulder, "Vulthuryol is a rather pitiful existence. Broken from his inability of doing anything, even use his birthright… And it broke him."

"It doesn't excuse these horrors he has done for petty revenge and lust for power, but still…"

Countless centuries manipulating the Falmer that were here to just… mass breed each others like their were tools – because for him they were. I do not know how he avoided the Dwemer before they disappear, or if he even did at all.

So far, two of his Flesh Pits that we destroyed were inside the ruins of old Dwemer settlements, something he clearly started working on once they disappeared. He likely picks areas with soft soil that can be easily dug up to make a massive pit.

"Had he not bothered with these, he'd have had an enormous army." Hildr scoffs from my side, and I hum softly.

"I'm actually starting to doubt he'd want such an army constantly under his command." I point out, making Hildr shift her head on my shoulder so to look at me.

"The invasion of the surface was surely for petty revenge… But I think that now that Alduin is back, he wants to get within his good graces. And to do so, I think he plans on waking up the other Dragon Priests."

Hildr clicks her tongue, "And the only one that would have such knowledge is probably his own Dragon Priest, Hevnoraak." I nod, making her sigh deeply once more.

I turn my head to study the surroundings. Blackreach is mostly the same, with some old ruins of the Dwemer civilization strewn around here and there, enormous strange vegetation, but also barely any animals or insects and stuff like that.

But it is also enormous, as it just keeps on going and going in all directions. It is so far beneath the surface that I believe it also stretches below the ocean.

"It's a shame that we'll have to rush our trip through here…" I sigh, shaking my head and releasing Hildr so to turn and look back in the direction Vulthuryol fled to.

Hildr pauses, then gives me a look, "There's something important down here, isn't there?"

I chuckle at how sharp she is becoming at catching certain things in my words, "Yup. An Elder Scroll." Her eye goes wide at that, making me chuckle again.

Aurelia already mastered Dragon Rend, so it really isn't needed, but it still an incredibly powerful tool to have just in case. "Unfortunately, I don't know exactly where it is. Blackreach is too damn big to just search around blindly."

Hopefully, those up in Winterhold can start working on coming down here and make some form of base of operations. With that, we can then come back and start exploring.

Though that'll take a lot of time to set up for sure.

"Can we even use another one on Alduin?" Hildr questions, and I shrug. I honestly don't know.

"Those things hold immense power. I just want to recover this one just in case, but I don't plan to use it." The Elder Scrolls should be removed from the board, because I can't risk Alduin growing smart and cunning and seeking to use one himself.

But against us, instead. And if he doesn't, any of his Dragon Priests could come up with this idea.

I shake my head and snap back into focus, "Come on, let's go after Vulthuryol. He shouldn't have many Flesh Pits left."

Hildr nods and falls into steps with me, Poopdaggah far ahead of us and having already started to go after the Dragon by himself. The absolute chad, he plans on soloing Vulthuryol, huh? "So, it's your turn this time?"

Hildr asks, a wide grin on her face. We made bullying Vulthuryol a game, like how we had Poopdaggah deliver a magical nuke to the guy not so long ago.

Then Hildr decided to play along and just… dropped a literal inferno on Vulthuryol and his second Flesh Pit. The sadistic smile on her face at a time was quite sexy, not gonna lie.

Then Poopdaggah went again, with another Magical Nuke that he once more survived somehow. He only went because Hildr tried to get rid of him, but the small Riekling is downright OP.

He is strangely smart too, in fact. He can understand us easily, but he can't talk well, just mimic what we say, unlike some of the Rieklings in the game.

Wonder how he even got stuck down here…

"It is…" I muse and rub the chin of my mask, "How should I bully him this time?"

Hildr hums, then tilts her head, "He doesn't have an asshole for you to… Magically expand." We share a snort at that.

Now, what to do to further torture Vulthuryol…?

...

"I guess it is finally time for the Sheisty Undead to appear…"

He who sneaks on the opps. He who starts the jumping. He who mains Magik. He who created the term 'paranoia'.

Hildr pauses.

"The fucking what?"

I don't answer. I only cackle like the evil villain that I am.

This is gonna be fun.


~~XXX~~​


He wasn't having fun. No, he was having a terrible time.

Everything had come crashing down, yet again. All of his efforts, all of his planning, all of his desires for revenge and power… It had all crashed before they barely even started.

Deinmaar lived and was there to thwart the invasion of the surface he had been planning for quite a few centuries now. He didn't even get to face against Lah or that damnable woman of his, no… He was instead thwarted by that damn traitor.

And that stupid Undead wearing Krosis' Mask. Who the hell was he? Where did he come from? Why did he feel so… Weird?

As a Dragon, he was constantly aware of the river of time. He could see how all beings – even Dragons – flowed alongside it… But not that Undead.

No, that Undead was a giant rock being battered by the waters of the river of time, and not flinching or breaking or being reduced to powder.

He was standing against the flow of time itself. He was standing against his Father.

And he lived.

What was he? What made him such an Anomaly? Why did his Father allow that thing to exist?

Vulthuryol did not know, and he was close to not caring anymore. All he wanted was to kill that Undead… But he was too weak. Like always.

First Lah and that dumb woman of his. Then Deinmaar, and now this unknown Undead?

Everything just kept going wrong. All he needed was to push his army to the surface and then create a foothold for the Dragons on the continent.

With that gained, they could recall the last remaining Dragon Priests to their side and start rebuilding their forces.

He may not have been loyal to the cause in the past, but now was different. He had betrayed countless of his brothers to rip apart their bodies and heads to add to his own, he had tried so hard to survive, to grow stronger…

And then he realized how much better their life was back then, back in the their grand capital. Back when they ruled, back when they had everything.

It all felt hopeless… Until he felt Alduin's return. With him, his brothers could return, their mighty army could be rebuilt, and they could finally regain all that they had lost.

Right?

A chill goes down Vulthuryol's long spine, one of his now remaining three heads turning to look behind him as he neared his last and biggest Flesh Pit.

Why did he feel like he was being watched?

The ruins of the old city cracked and shifted loudly beneath his form – did he just see someone peek out from behind a destroyed wall of an old home? – as he moved across the rubble and remains.

He had flattened all the buildings himself a long time ago, right after the Dwemer Race had disappeared, giving him access to his way back to the surface.

One of their strange contraption they called an 'Elevator'. The pillar of yellowed metal stood tall and proud, dwarfing his width and piercing up into the ceiling above.

This is how he took trips to the surface, called some of his weaker brothers to him, then killed them for their bodies.

He never lingered around for too long, afraid that Lah would come to finish the job and find a way to seal his Dragon Soul on the spot and not let it flee to the buried remnants of his old corpse.

Reaching the bottom of the elevator, with the surrounding area being a massive Flesh Pit, Vulthuryol glances back with one of heads once more – Okay, this time he totally did see a figure hide behind a piece of rubble. He wasn't going crazy.

He wasn't!

And then the head looking towards the elevator saw it. A dark hooded figure peeking out from behind one of the yellowed metal pipes before hiding back behind it.

That figure was just behind him! How did it get in front of him so fast?! What is going on!?

"Show yourself, coward!" He roars, shaking the air with the might of his yell, all three heads staring in different directions, seeking to grab even a small hint of that quickly moving hooded figure.

And then the appearance of the hooded figure kept ramping up, always in the corner of his eyes. Sometimes it peeked from behind a wall, other times he catches it just in time to see it walk behind one, one time he even caught it walking towards him before it paused and walked backward and back into hiding.

"S-Show yourself!" He just stuttered! He stuttered! Him! A Dragon! Such humiliation-!

In his anger – fear – he started blasting flaming breaths out of his three jaws in all directions, uncaring of damaging the Flesh Pit before him-

And then he felt a stabbing pain in his back. Nothing bad, and he'd have usually ignored such a sting… But not this time.

His jaws stop spewing flames, and all three of his heads slowly turn to look at his tail.

There, the cloaked figure he kept seeing in the corner of his eyes stood… A whole arm deep inside the flesh of his tail. The other one? Waving at him. "You kinda lack an asshole, so I made ya a new one! Hope you don't mind!"

That damnable Undead! "You alright? You was tweaking out a bit back there…"

"That's because of you!" Vulthuryol involuntarily roars, nearly flexing his tail to launch the bastard away from him, but he stopped himself, knowing that the Mage could throw a devastating Spell within his body at any time.

"Me?" The Undead innocently points at his Krosis Mask, "I'll have you know I am innocent. I've never done anything bad in my whole life!"

Vulthuryol faintly heard someone coughing and going "Bullshit." beneath their breath, but he ignored that part so to glare at the Undead.

"What do you want?" He demands, his voice dripping with hate while his claws dug into the ground at the edges of his biggest and last Flesh Pit.

The Undead hums, taking his time to state his words, annoying Vulthuryol even further, "How many Flesh Pits ya got left?"

Vulthuryol growls and flexes his claws, "One more." He lies, knowing that the Undead has no way to tell if he has more or not. If he manages to get away from this confrontation too… Then he can escape to another Elevator to the surface. He knows where all of them are, luckily enough.

"Hmm…" The Undead hums, clearly not willing to believe his words. And that seed of doubt delighted Vulthuryol.

And then a blinding flash erupts. His tail is carved off from his body, and a javelin of light stabs deep into the Flesh Pit and erases that part of his body hidden deep within.

Vulthuryol howls from the pure agony of having Lightning Magicka cause havoc through his body, but he controlled his roll and used it go get closer to the Elevator, already open and waiting for him to use it. "You damnable vermin-"

His roar came to a pause, all of his eyes widening and his heads turning towards the ceiling.

He heard it. He definitely just heard it. Someone called his name… No, not just any someone… That was Hevnoraak!

Gushes of flames erupt out of his jaws, and with a slam of his claws, his Flesh Pit erupts upward. Healing with it was slow, but utilizing it to create Fleshcrafted monstrosities? That was very, very fast.

And so, the whole remaining Flesh Pit became a gargantuan colossus of flesh, bone, meat and blood as beneath the cover of his flames, while he pushed himself back into the elevator.

"Just you wait, you bastard!" He roars as his claw flicks the small lever, causing the elevator to groan and for the gates to slam shut. "I will take my revenge for this humiliation!" His Fleshcrafted golem is frozen solid, then shattered into powder.

The gate sealing the elevator suddenly gains a massive hole through it, and one of his heads bursts like a bubble, sending pure agony through Vulthuryol once more.

But the elevator soon starts rising, and he can only grit his teeth and wait to finally lay claim to his revenge.

First, he needs to regroup with his loyal Dragon Priest and heal, then they can start plotting once more…

What Vulthuryol did not see though, was a frozen chain attach itself to the bottom of his elevator as it started going up.


~~XXX~~​


A hole is punched through the bottom of the elevator, and I swiftly help Hildr climb up, trying not too hard to stare at her ass as she goes.

Once she is up, I climb right after, with Poopdaggah hanging from my foot.

The ride on the elevator took what must've been an hour or two, but it was worth it.

Vulthuryol helped us destroy that giant Flesh Pit without destroying the elevator, and we were able to swiftly follow after him.

"He's gone…" Hildr states, her shoulders sagging as she looks at the snow gathered outside, the pile of it having been smashed aside by a massive figure, and it is now left drenched in blood.

I don't like it. That reaction from Vulthuryol before he ran… He looked up at the ceiling for some reason, and I don't like it one bit.

I don't even know if we destroyed all the Flesh Pits, but hopefully we have…

"Let's go. We'll go back to Winterhold." I tell Hildr, leading the way outside so take in our surroundings.

We are exactly beneath the mountains, in what appears to be ruins utterly buried beneath the snow, enough so that only the golden round roofs of the tallest buildings are visible.

The good news is that we can see a city far ahead of us, near the coast. Dawnstar.

"I have money on me, so we can grab a pair of horses." Hildr states, and I nod.

"You sure you don't want to grab a bite to eat first?" I ask her, faint worry in my voice. We must've been down there for a full day, after all.

When we started the battle, it was somewhere around late morning. Now? It's early morning.

Hildr smiles sweetly at my words, "I'm used to going with a few days without eating, Leo." She states softly, but that doesn't make me relax.

I sigh and shake my head, and Hildr warmly bumps her shoulder against mine, "And then you wonder why I am attracted to you." I look at her as she walks forward, humming a cheerful tune as the snow crunches beneath her boots.

I feel like we've gotten so much closer now after our talk. Like an invisible wall between us was torn down, letting us be more honest with each other. More open.

It feels… Freeing.

And honestly? It makes me want to have this talk with Aurelia too.

Gods, I miss her so damn much.

She must've grown a lot. I should probably take up drawing, so that I can draw her whenever we are apart, so that I don't forget how beautiful she looks like.

My gaze strays back to Hildr. Both her and Aurelia both.

"Daggah…" I look down as our Riekling friend pulls at my robes, drawing my attention. His eyes do not stare at me, but… Was he worried about me?

"I'm alright, buddy." I reassure the little weird dude, "Just matters of love. Always hard to handle, ya know?"

"Daggah…" He nods, surprisingly enough. If he can get laid, then there is hope for everyone in existence.

Patting the little dude's head, I move to follow after Hildr.

The walk is quiet and is a single straight path to the Dawnstar Hold, since the snow around the mountains has piled up so high that perhaps half of the mountain's height is hidden beneath it.

As we walk, I throw a look back at the buried ruins behind us. Vulthuryol had clearly taken flight right after leaving the elevator, but that is not what I am focused on.

Time really is cruel, huh?

What must've been a small settlement, abandoned in the blink of an eye.

My thoughts stray back to that small home I used to let Hildr rest. The table assorted with silverware and set plates, the chairs pushed back to show a family sitting at the table and eating.

And then the silverware on the ground, showing the moment in time they ceased to exist.

I don't think I'll ever forget that sight.

It didn't take long to reach Dawnstar, and we didn't waste time to ask for directions to the stables – while I also had to keep Poopdaggah from murdering anyone that stared at him for more than two seconds.

He did keep screaming 'Bomboclat!' in their general direction while flailing wildly though. I'd say that teaching him that word would be bad… But honestly? It nearly makes me die of laughter each time.

With the horses gained, we swiftly shot down the road leading to the gap between the two mountains that are close to Winterhold. We don't waste time with idle chatter, mostly because I feel a strange sense of urgency inside me.

Why is that, though?

Is it because of how Vulthuryol acted? Of how he fled so fast after staring at the ceiling for some reason?

Or is because of the nearly twelve-thousand Souls in my hold, just begging to be used?

I am so mentally tired that thinking of an appropriate power-up to lead my class or Spells into is just… Incredibly taxing, to say the least.

I've tried. In the small amount of time I've been in Blackreach, I tried to come up with ideas. With how to push my Evolution once more. Or Evolutions.

And the Spells I could gain after.

I tried… Yet all I could focus on was that darkness, the one lingering at the edge of my vision, just begging to be given attention. Just begging for me to reach out.

I'd say that sometimes my thoughts wander towards scary places… But I just find myself spacing out, not remembering what I was thinking about in the first place.

I don't know what this calling is, what this yearning that I feel from this darkness at the edge of my vision means… But I don't like it. Not one bit.

Early morning turns into late morning, then the afternoon comes just as the walls of Winterhold enter our line of sight and our horses round up on them.

Quite a lot of guards stood upon the walls and perked up at our arrival, but swiftly recognized us, "It's Leonidas and Hildr! Go tell Lord Deinmaar!"

They started calling him Lord? Oh, I know the big guy doesn't like it one bit and is grumbling about it.

We enter past the gate and dismount our horses, some of the guards walking over to take the horses off our hands. "Go ahead towards the inn. And welcome back!"

"What the fuck is that thing?"

"I don't know but I don't wanna look at it."

"Bomboclat…" Poopdaggah grunted out, looking just about done with the day as he drags his bare feet. He isn't even looking around curiously, showing that he is used to people and civilization. How curious.

I resist the great urge to teach him nasty words and vile insults and just take the lead in walking towards the inn. Deinmaar tends to spend his time in the lobby there with the old man, so that's probably why the guards sent us that way.

"Brother!" A call makes me perk up, and chuckle when Deinmaar's enormous figure enters my line of sight, his helmet off to allow his long mane of dark hair to cascade down his back, a smile on his handsome face.

Guess he wasn't at the inn then. "Hope ya didn't miss me too much, big guy." I greet him right back, earning a chuckle from the giant as he clasps my hand in his and uses the other one to pat my shoulder.

"I never had a doubt you'd come back." He smiles, then turns to Hildr and gives her a low nod, "I was more worried when we couldn't find the lady here."

Hildr nervously rubbed the back of her neck, and I pointed an accusatory finger her way, "She jumped after me. I did nothing."

"Oh fuck you!" I don't react at the fireball that slaps against my face, but Deinmaar does laugh, the visible tension in his shoulders melting further.

"But yeah, it all went well. We destroyed all of Vulthuryol's Flesh Pits, far as I know, before he made a run to the surface for some reason…" I shrug, though Deinmaar frowns and looks between Hildr and me. "What?"

He pauses, then breathes in and crosses his arms, "So you did not hear it, then…" He shakes his head and sighs deeply, "Vulthuryol was called. Hevnoraak is awake."

Fuck.

Fuck. Fuck. Fuck!

"There's more…" Deinmaar shakes his head, but then smiles and perks up, "But before that, there is someone who has been dying to meet the both of you." I tilt my head at that, any worry and dark thoughts at Hevnoraak being awake and free from his seal temporarily forgotten.

And a cry reaches me before I can ask who might be looking for us, "Leo!" That familiar voice makes both me and Hildr freeze, but I swiftly recover as Deinmaar steps to the side.

A small child runs down the street and towards us, short red hair flapping through the air and tears streaming down her happy and grinning, mischievous face. "Gretel?"

The young girl leaps into my arms, snapping me back into focus as laughter flows out of me without my control, "Oh my god! What the hell are you doing here, you damn beautiful gremlin!" I spin her around, filling my ears with that lovely, happy childish squeal of hers, her legs kicking in the air.

"I missed you so much!" Gretel cries out, latching herself around my neck desperately as I hug her tightly, her soft sniffling and cries filling the air.

Then she shifted and moved to stare at Hildr, whose eye was wide in shock, but was also overflowing with tears. And Gretel was soon snatched out of my arms when the small girl reached towards her big sister, who started filling her face with kisses without wasting a second.

I chuckle at the sight, watching Hildr all but melt against the girl we both adore so damn much.

But my attention is soon stolen by another figure walking down the road, and I turn to give them my full attention before I freeze when recognition strikes.

Long, wavy silver hair. Pale skin, shining nigh-purple eyes, and dark armor that hugged her lovely curves perfectly.

Gods, she is so damn beautiful…

She looks so different. So mature, so… Alive.

This is the young woman who didn't even know who she was. What her likes were, or her dislikes.

Aurelia stops in front of me, her eyes having always been focused on me and only me, her hands behind her back as her eyes shine with pure adoration and warmth, her wonderful lips stretched into a small smile that conveyed all of her emotions. "Missed me?"

Her voice was like music to me. Like a melody that I've craved for so long. Like a drug that I need in order to keep going forward in life.

My hand shakes as I reach up to cup her cheek, and her eyes close as she leans into the touch.

"You're even more beautiful than the last day we were together." Her cheeks bloom with a fierce blush – Deinmaar clearly stole the words I just said. I hope Konahriik will give you the same reaction, buddy! – but she doesn't pull away. Instead, she just hums softly and happily.

And suddenly, I understand.

If Hildr is the one that holds my hand and walks with me, then Aurelia is my guiding light. The one that drives away the horrors that my tired mind tries to conjure. The ones that I refuse to focus on.

She steps forward, and her arms wrap around me.

And just like that, that darkness at the edge of my vision is driven away. My fatigue disappears. My mental exhaustion is gone.

For this one moment, in which I am holding her after so long, I feel truly refreshed.

And then the moment is broken when Gretel speaks up, "Big sis, your man is getting stolen."

Aurelia yelps and leaps away from me with a fierce blush while Hildr chokes on air, then slaps the grinning gremlin over the head, "We are wolves, but clearly Aurelia wants that bone too, huh?" Said woman releases a sound akin to a boiling tea-kettle while Deinmaar nearly keels over with laughter.

I can't blame him, because I am laughing too. "Man, I missed you so damn much, you wonderful brat." I pat Gretel on the head, making her eyes shine happily as her grin turns warm and happy.

Shaking my head, I focus back on the shyly shifting Aurelia, "Not that I mind seeing you again, but how come you and Gretel are here?"

Aurelia swiftly calms down when I give her the chance to ignore Gretel's previous words, "Paarthurnax said that I am done with my training, and that I should now explore and test things by myself." I nod in understanding at that, while Aurelia nods towards Gretel, "And that was roughly around the time when Whiterun came under siege of around three dozen Dragons."

Hildr instantly snaps her gaze down at Gretel in worry, but the gremlin just crosses her arms and sniffs haughtily, "I killed one of 'em!" …So this gremlin is OP as hell too?

Aurelia nods with a light laugh, "She did. Something about a massive wolf form you two can take?" Hildr flinches, but nods and ruffles Gretel's hair.

"I told her not to use it lightly. Guess the situation called for it?" Hildr questions, and Gretel nods.

"Son of a bitch landed on the goddamn kitchen." Okay yeah, that warranted using that power, I guess. I'd be mad too, not gonna lie.

I turn to Deinmaar and nod towards Gretel, "She did anything crazy while being here?"

The Atmoran tilts his head in consideration, "She spent a good few hours with the old man, with the two cursing at each other for some reason the whole time." He then shrugs, "And I've heard rumors of people getting stabbed in the shins recently but…"

Okay yeah, that's Gretel alright. Barely got here that she already started problems. I love her so much.

I turn back to Aurelia right after, "Is Whiterun alright?" She nods with a reassuring smile, allowing me to relax.

"I got there pretty much instantly, but they had already finished the job. I just had to handle a Dragon Saint." I pause at that.

"You fought a Dragon Saint?" She nods, puffing her chest with pride as she smiles smugly.

I cup both of her cheeks with my hands and give them a squeeze, "You're so damn cool, you silly woman!" She laughs and whines as I mess with her face, my voice overflowing with praise and pride in her.

Still, I pull back soon after and allow myself to calm down. I can shower both her and Gretel in love and hugs later, or even ask how Aurelia and Deinmaar's first meeting went, but first…

"Right…" I sigh and shake my head, getting serious once more, "You mentioned that there was something else?"

Aurelia nods, then points her thumb at the sword attached to her back, "Lady Meridia informed me of Hevnoraak being awake and having escaped the seal he was in…"

"She also told me to be careful, as he is the Champion of the previous Sheogorath."

Great, just what we needed.

Of course the fraud ain't a fraud anymore.

I sigh and cross my arms, "In that case, as much as I'd rather just take some time off to relax, especially since Aurelia and Gretel are here,-" Said woman flushes happily at my words, "-I think it is best we go after him now."

Deinmaar nods in agreement, a heavy frown on his face, "The only problem is finding the ruins he is hiding in. You did say that they are somewhere in the ruins south-west of Skyrim, right?"

I nod at that, though I perk up when I notice the cunning grin on Aurelia's face. "What if we had aerial view of the mountains?"

I pause at that, "Are you implying what I think you are implying?"

Her cute grin turns smug, "The Dragon Saint I defeated now listens to me, so I can call upon him and have him give us a ride there. Like so, we won't waste days traveling on horse-back-"

"-And we'll find the ruins just as fast…" Deinmaar finishes, his eyes widening in realization. "I'll go retrieve my equipment." I pat his arm and nod as he swiftly hurries away to retrieve his helmet and greatsword.

I turn my head to look at Hildr, who has a breathtaking happy smile on her face as she hugs Gretel and holds her up like the little gremlin is a teddy bear, but the small girl is just kicking her legs happily without care.

I reach over and pat her head, making her release a peal of adorable childish giggles that makes me relax so damn much. "So… Did I miss any lovey dovey times between you and my Big Sis?"

Hildr's face goes red, and she swiftly pinches her cackling little sister's cheek to admonish her. Not that it works. "Quite a few, yes!" I declare with a sniff, making Hildr squeak and gape at me, her face now even more red, "Can't you see how beautiful I made her?"

All I did was make – force – her to go on runs and shove food down her throat. That's it.

Those runs did wonders to her ass and thighs, so I gotta pat myself on the back.

I turn to Aurelia and hold back a chuckle at the pouting glare she throws my way, "No pouts. I just don't have words to describe how beautiful you are." Like Hildr, Aurelia yelps and flushes at my words, "Hildr is sexy as fuck-" I ignore the fireball that smashes against the side of my skull, "And you are several levels above breathtaking."

I cross my arms and nod my head sagely, while Gretel gapes at me, then at the two flushed ladies looking anywhere but me, clearly shy but happy. "Damn, dude…"

"Daggah…" And then Poopdaggah makes his presence known, and Gretel looks at the Riekling.

"Oh right!" I perk up and wave a hand towards the small ugly creature, "This is Poopdaggah, the mightiest of Rieklings."

Aurelia and Gretel look at Poopdaggah, who uses one eye to look at Gretel and the other to look at Aurelia. "Poopdaggah!" He introduces himself while scratching his ass like the gentleman that he is.

"Yeah, I ain't even gonna ask…" Gretel nods and turns away. Though I have a feeling that she and Poopdaggah shall become the greatest partners in crime in the future.

Turning to look at the Riekling, I give the small guy a pat on the shoulder, "You'll have to hang back for a bit, buddy. Try not to get yourself killed, alright?"

The Riekling nods, "Poopdaggah…" Then proceeds to walk down a random street.

Go forth and terrorize the people, my friend.

I turn back to the group just as I see Deinmaar returning, the dragon-like helmet covering his head and his enormous greatsword attached to his back, "Come on, let's go outside so we can call the Dragon."

Aurelia nods and skips forward with a smile on her face, leading the way back to the walls then outside into the snowy roads outside of Winterhold.

Deinmaar turns back and waves at the guard, motioning them to stand back and momentarily close the gates as Aurelia stops walking and breathes in.


"O-Dah-Viing!"​


The skies rumble at her call, and I lean back in surprise at the name she just shouted.

So the Dragon Saint she fought was actually Odahviing, huh? Guess he needed to be strong in order to be considered the right-hand Dragon of Alduin.

Even Deinmaar clearly recognized the name, seeing the way he visibly perked up.

A roar resounds across the sky soon after, and the very clouds seem to shift as something flies past at immense speeds.

The surrounding hills of snow are sent in the air as the massive form of a purplish Dragon appears before us in the blink of an eye.

Jesus Christ, this guy is mad fast… And Aurelia defeated him?

That's sexy as hell.

Odahviing lands gently on the ground and bows his head in greeting towards Aurelia, before he lifts his head and turns towards Deinmaar, "Ah, Deinmaar… I am glad to see you alive and well."

Odahviing's genuine words surprise the Atmoran quite a bit, "You… Do not care about my betrayal?"

The Dragon chuckles deeply, "It allowed me to have a fantastic battle and die at the hands of a mighty warrior, so why would I care?" Guess he is a bit of a battle maniac?

But also a Dragon that honors his wins and losses, it seems. "Have you seen Vulthuryol?" Aurelia questions, cutting to the chase and making the Dragon turn towards her.

Strangely, he goes momentarily silent, "...I believe it is best I show you, Dovahkiin. Rise upon my back, you all." Turning to his side, the Dragon offers us his wing to let us rise on his back.

I turn towards Hildr and glance at Gretel, but decide to remain quiet. I can't separate the two of them after they just got back together.

I'll just have to make sure Hevnoraak doesn't notice Gretel and tries to use her as a way to distract us.

Still, Odahviing's words do not make me feel good, and the darkness at the edges of my vision returns.

Rising on his back, we all grabbed one of his dorsal spines and held on tight as the Dragon rose and flapped his wings.

The air snapped like the sound of a whiplash, and suddenly we were right beneath the clouds, and another flap of wings carried us further south.

I turn my head, watching as Winterhold turns into a dot in the distance and we fly past Windhelm right after, leaving the cold climate behind for a sunnier one.

Twisting, Odahviing flies towards the immense mountain that is High Hrothgar, but doesn't rise up and instead circles around it.

I take notice of Deinmaar looking in a certain direction as we fly close to High Hrothgar, and I follow his line of sight and tilt my head.

He is staring towards Arcwind Point, huh?

As Odahviing turns once more, he speaks up loudly enough for us to hear him over the rushing wind, "Look to the right." I turn my head just as the immense wall that is High Hrothgar disappears, and the first thing I see is a tall and wide column of black smoke.

"Oh, no…" Aurelia whispers, and I breathe in.

Riverwood is gone. Destroyed and set on fire together with the surrounding forest.

The hand holding onto the dorsal spine clenches tightly- "No, no, no…" My head snaps towards Hildr, her lone eye wide with horror and terror as she stares forward… Towards a second column of black smoke.

This one rising from the distant Falkreath.

"Odahviing…" Aurelia speaks softly, "Please, land in front of the city ahead of us…"

The Dragon says nothing, but he starts gliding down as we leave the destroyed Riverwood far behind us.

We barely even touch down before Gretel leaps out of Hildr's arms and jumps down from from Odahviing's back, "Granny!" Her loud scream tears something in me.

Slowly, I walk down Odahviing's wing as Hildr rushes after Gretel, with Aurelia right behind her.

But I can only watch. I can only watch as that child rushes towards the pile of burning ruins that used to be Falkreath.

I can only watch as she loudly screams for her Granny while Hildr and Aurelia try to calm her down and soothe her.

I can only watch as the consequences of my lack of action harm the child who is like a little sister for me.

I should have killed Vulthuryol. I should have ended him right then and there, even if he would have come back after a while.

But no. Instead, I was fucking around, having fun, and not thinking of the bigger picture.

I was too busy latching onto my coping mechanism for how fucking tired I am that I lost sight of what I am supposed to do. I didn't even think that if Vulthuryol fled from us and retreated back to Hevnoraak, he'd likely fly close to Falkreath.

I could excuse this lack of foresight on the fact that I am beyond tired, that I am starting to struggle with thinking ahead… But no.

I'm just fucking done.


[Class Evolutioafew@#w!-]​


I tilt my head slightly when the System seems to… Glitch.


[HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!]​


Loud, mad and ecstatic laughter roars within my mind as the darkness at the edges of my vision suddenly becomes very, very welcoming.


[All 11'478 Souls have been used!]

[Your Class has Evolved!]


[Enjoy!]


[The Mad Dreamer]

The horrors that hide beneath the bed. Those that peek out of the closet. Those that follow you up the stairs when the lights turn off.

That senseless fear, that horrid paranoia, given shape.

Those faceless creatures, given life by the fear of the unknown, and then brought into existence by a Dreamer.

You walk upon Nirn, while your Shadow drags the Asylums along.​


I hum.

"Brother…" Deinmaar calls softly.

My gaze rests on the small, crying child within Aurelia's and Hildr's arms, her cries louder than the crackling of the flames.

Then, I raise my gaze up, towards the mountains in the distance.

My shadow blooms, and a darkness darker than a starless night expands forth.

And from it, an eldritch monstrosity with far too many eyes, mouths, wings and limbs steps out.

Before taking hold of me and yanking me into the skies, all the while I hum cheerfully.

And in the back of my mind, Sheogorath's fading laughter keeps ringing out.




A.N. And cut!

This chapter was supposed to end on a high note with the party getting back together, but it didn't feel… Right. It felt wrong.

So I had to push it a bit forward… And finally write something I've been looking forward to.

Leonidas snapping.

Next chapter will come out fast, as I already have it all planned out, and writing it will be easy.

After that… Finally, the Saarthal Arc will start, then Serana!

Look forward to the next chapter, folks!

If y'all want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then feel free to hop on over to my and subscribe to the right Tier!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Levky, Aschente and 947 others
Musashi-Chan
May 26, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 43 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jun 6, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,576
Rarely do Gods feel anger.

Indignation, yes. Feeling slighted too. But anger? No, they try to avoid that, for it may lead to mistakes that other Daedric Princes may take advantage of.

And yet, Hircine did not care. The cries of that small girl reached his ears even across planes of existence, and the Lord of the Hunt raged.

And in his fury… He stepped aside and left an opening within the blockade.

Before any other Daedric Prince could realize or notice, the Mad Star slipped a piece of his essence through that purposefully left gap.

And upon Nirn, a connection to the Asylums was formed. A gate that could unleash horrors that could drive lesser man crazy at a glance.

That gate took the shape of an Undead wearing long robes and a mask.

Yet, unaware of those events, a Dragon Priest and a Dragon reunited with one another after countless Eras, deep within the mountains south-west of Skyrim.

In the depths of the mountain range lay a temple built into the side of a mountain, with long stairs descending down it's side and to a large square, all made with large squares of polished marble yellowed by time and covered by a thick layer of snow.

Ascending those steps was a massive, but heavily wounded Dragon leaking blood from the fierce wounds on his body. "Forgive me, my boy…" Vulthuryol sighs out, turning one of his two heads towards the floating masked Priest going up the steps alongside him, "Had I known you had been sealed, I would have come looking for you…"

Hevnoraak shook his masked face, his robes torn and decayed by time, yet the light scaled armor around his chest remained, "I do not blame you, my lord. The vermin who had sealed me away also hid my presence by masking it with his own, so to stop anyone from finding me."

Huffing out a cruel laugh, the Dragon Priest continues, "The fool thought he could last until help arrived. Hah!" Shaking his head once more, Hevnoraak turned his gaze towards the wounded Dragon beside him, a skeletal hand reaching out to stroke the scales of the enormous body.

"You have done some fine work with this body, my Lord." The Undead whispers softly, awe filling his voice, "It must have taken centuries to complete such a masterpiece."

Vulthuryol nods his two heads, grunting softly as he drags his weakened and wounded form to the front of the temple, leaving a long line of blood from the bottom of the steps all the way to the top, "I thought such modifications would have made me stronger… But it just made me a bigger target for that bastard."

Hevnoraak clutched one hand into a tight, trembling fist. Fury flowed through his dead and cold body at seeing his master so wounded, "Who did this to you, my Lord?"

A gentle, warm smile spreads across the Dragon's jaws at hearing the anger within his Dragon Priest's voice, "It is alright, my boy. Let us just… Leave Skyrim and rebuild our forces."

Hevnoraak startles at those words, coming to a stop before the large entrance to his temple, "You wish to leave, my Lord?" Vulthuryol nods, and Hevnoraak doesn't feel anger or humiliation.

He doesn't mind 'running away' like a coward if he gets to save himself and his Lord's life. What was humiliation to someone who only cared about surviving and growing stronger, and not the opinion of others?

"Deinmaar is back, my boy. We do not stand a chance against that monster." Hevnoraak takes in a sharp breath at that.

The giant of a man known to punish Dragon Priests if their actions overstep the 'punishment' boundary and enter the 'cruelty and torture' category.

Countless Dragons lost their cruel Dragon Priests drunk on power that used it on innocent civilians just for fun. Some using it for fun, others to expand their harems through mind control, and others just to have slaves working for them and treat them like royalty.

The moment that nameless boy was given the name 'Deinmaar' by the Warlord was the moment countless Dragon Priests lost their lives.

With a sword and pure physical might, that monster of a man walked through Spells and destroyed Masks like they were nothing.

Hevnoraak had once been on his list, but had gone into hiding when words of other Dragon Priests dying reached his ears.

"I see… That is unfortunate indeed." Hevnoraak muses softly, "I doubt I stand a chance even if I were to use my whole treasury against him. Even with the boost I have been granted by becoming the Champion of Lord Sheogorath."

Though, what Hevnoraak did not voice out was that his connection to the Daedric Prince seemed to be… Cut. Not fully gone, but also not fully there either.

The Artifact he had gained through the blessing was still there. Even the enormous boost to his Magicka reserves was, yet… Hevnoraak shook those thoughts away. He'll ponder upon the answer for that once he and his Lord were more secure.

"Let us get you healed, my Lord. I have several staves in my treasury that hold powerful Restoration Spells." Vulthuryol nods, pleased and very at ease.

"Then let us make haste, my boy. Once I am healed, we can leave-"

"No, you won't."

One of Vulthuryol's two head bursts apart like a watermelon as Hevnoraak whirls around- Only for a wall of black to slam into him and pierce straight through the temple entrance and into the depths of the mountain with a rumble that shook the valley.

A beam of white-hot flames gushed forth, cutting through the oily, inky darkness like a knife, freeing Hevnoraak and allowing him to snap his gaze towards the intruder.

A robed figure, wearing a familiar Mask, with that same ink-black darkness covering his clothes and armor… And the surrounding ground.

The Dragon Priest did not waste a second in useless idle chatter and instead clutched the staff within is left hand. At its tip lay not a Magicka Crystal, but a two-pointed fork.

Flames and lightning erupted out of Hevnoraak, their power swelling as the Fork of Horripilation further excited the Magicka, empowering the Spell as the two elements synergized and fused together into a beam of catastrophic heat.

So much so that the entrance to his beautiful temple flash melted into useless, ugly and glowing slag. Oh well, he can always enthrall more slaves so that it can be rebuilt-

A hand reaches out of the blinding beam of plasma to grip his face and slam his skull into the wall he had been launched into faster than he could realize, cutting off his Spell near instantly.

The Mask of Krosis stared back at him, burning purple flames visible through the thin eye holes, telling Hevnoraak that his opponent was a fellow Undead.

"Who the hell are you?!" Hevnoraak hisses out, clutching the wrist of the limb gripping his skull with his free hand. This bastard had just walked through his Spell like it was nothing…

The robed man tilts his head, "Someone your pathetic lizard shouldn't have pissed off." The world blurred before Hevnoraak could explode in fury at the slight against his Lord as the Undead gripping his skull whirled around, dragging him along-

Then hurled him through the wall he had been pinned against, through the rooms of his temple, through his throne room, then through the other side of the mountain with enough force and power behind it that the Enchantment on his Mask activated on its own.

A golden sphere protected his body from each impact before he ended up flying across the air and nearly smashing into the next mountain.

Yet, with a flicker of his Magicka, he swiftly regained control and resumed floating in the air, hundreds of meter above a steep drop.

His eyes trailed the falling rubble and cloud of dust smashing down the side of the mountain created by his body being sent flying through it.

A loud, unsettling groan shook the air, stopping Hevnoraak just as he was about to fly back.

The bowels of the mountain wailed, the rocks cracking and the earth trembling and falling. Large chunks of it fell off, crashing down in loud rumbles that echoes in the silence of the mountain range.

Then, the mountain ruptured. From the cracks, gargantuan pitch black arms dozens of meters long stretched out, capped by six-fingered hands and thousands upon thousands of bug-like eyes.

Eight long, bony arms in total stretched out, devouring light itself as they moved, forcing Hevnoraak to weave between the three closest ones as they tried to swat him out of the air.

The tips of the fingers were topped with gaping maws that snapped whenever they drew close to him, sharp serrated teeth trying to grind the Dragon Priest's bones to dust.

Something about these creations seemed… Familiar, to Hevnoraak. It nagged him, and he tried desperately to remember while dodging the flailing- A shadow suddenly covered his vision- "My Lord?!"

Indeed, Vulthuryol's massive wounded form had been launched at him with the speed of a meteorite, forcing the Dragon Priest to dodge out of the way and conjure a gargantuan Ward to try and save his master from a near fatal crash against the mountain side.

The impact still created a landslide of stone, gravel and debris down the mountain, but Hevnoraak relaxed when he managed to save Vulthuryol from gaining nasty injuries.

"My boy-!" The Dragon grunts out, but the Dragon Priest had already moved, flipping around and creating a golden Ward before him just in time for a Spell to hammer against it.

The spinning, star-like missile kept grinding against his Ward, pushing and spinning and squealing so loudly that any normal human would have already lost their hearing.

But Hevnoraak stood his grounded, staring at the howling Spell before him in dawning and horrifying recognition. The pieces were starting to fall into place.

And he was not liking it one bit.

"Oh?" A faintly surprised noise echoed between the gap of the two mountains and past the screaming of the Spell still grinding against the golden Ward.

Three of the gargantuan hands moved, palms facing in his direction. Two had a single massive purple goat eye staring straight towards him, the other a mouth filled with razor sharp teeth. "That shield of yours is fancy…"

The voice mused, then all the hands moved, clenching into fists… And aiming a lone finger his way. "Can it handle a slightly bigger one though?"

Eight colossal stars rumbled into existence, just their creation causing an earthquake to shake the valley and the surrounding mountains, causing further landslides.

Hevnoraak's sheer confidence and assurance in his Mask's capabilities very suddenly gained doubts.

The Fork of Horripilation hummed and his Mask started glowing, the lone golden Ward-like wall stretching out and becoming a sphere, wrapped up in a dozen more spheres-

The stars crashed down with unimaginable power, displacing the clouds out of the sky and exploding with such force that the top of the mountain behind Hevnoraak and Vulthuryol just evaporated.

The Dragon Priest quivers, staring at the golden cracked Ward before him. One Sphere, that's all that remained after that attack.

And it was cracked and already falling apart. The sight filled Hevnoraak with pure terror like he had never experienced before- No, that is a lie…

He had experienced worse when She walked past him once.

Death.

The sister of the Warlord. The one chosen by Alduin. The most brutal and terrifying Dragon Priest that no one dared to look at, speak to, or speak about.

He had stopped walking, breathing, blinking and even thinking. The sound of her slow steps had been as loud as a Dragon roaring straight in his ears, and his heart felt like it was about to burst.

It was the worst experience he had ever faced, because he knew that even a blink would have cost him his life.

And now, this unknown Undead was making him experience fear once more…

The dust cleared, and the top of his temple burst apart, sending debris flying in every direction as another pitch-black monstrosity made itself known.

The giant head of a horse came into view through the cloud of dust and debris, goat-like eyes on it's side and a long maw filled with serrated, crocodile-like teeth.

The horse head turned towards him, and that maw filled with teeth slowly unhinged itself, opening wide and showing the dozens of rows of teeth.

"My boy, we must move!" Vulthuryol hurried, spreading his wings and powering through the pain of his severely wounded body.

But Hevnoraak had gone numb.

The sight of that creation just confirmed his fears of who was before him. Of who was attacking him.

"Solomon…" He whispered out of pure dread.

A name only the oldest in the Dragon Council knew about.

A robed man that had appeared all of a sudden, carrying a small, mute Snow Elf child with him and taking her in as his student.

And that child went on to become Konahriik before she even turned fifteen.

"How is he here… Why…" Hevnoraak trembled, his staff nearly slipping out of his cold and dead fingers.

The unknown man who had taught Konahriik. The unknown man whispered to be the 'Lord of Demons' by the oldest of the Dragon Council.

An unknown being of unknown origin, wielding unfathomable power, that appeared and disappeared out of nowhere.

Vulthuryol's jaws wrap around his body just as a blinding azure light erupts in the depths of that unholy horse's jaws.

The Dragon launched himself off the mountain, and the eldritch beast roared. The loud, horrifying, distorted howl was followed by a dense beam of glacial magic that changed the weather in a split second.

Dense snow started raining, the mountain they were on became ice, then powder, then a massive cloud made of that sparkling powdered ice.

Vulthuryol hadn't escaped unscathed from the immense, indiscriminate attack. His whole left wing had been caught in the attack and was frozen solid and shattered a second later, turning his dive into a perilous fall.

A golden sphere took form around the falling Dragon just before he could crash land, but the next series of falls still had him bounce and shake around the sphere protecting him and his Dragon Priest from the worst of the fall.

Alas, laughter filled the skies right before the sphere could touch the very bottom of the frozen valley.

The unholy horse creation disappeared, and so did all those colossal arms and legs… And the laughter drew closer and closer.

The origin of the mad, furious, demented laughter fell from the skies like a falling star, inky darkness stretching everywhere and becoming countless arms, limbs, claws, jaws, mouths, hooves, fingers-

They all came down on the golden sphere, crashing into it heavily and adding weight to its impact on the bottom of the valley.

A lance of flames cut through that oily substance making up those horrid abominations as Hevnoraak escaped the gentle grip of his master's jaws to fight back against their attacker in hopes of driving him off, but the Dragon Priest was growing desperate. Afraid.

Like master, the disciple was a coward too, after all.

His desperation was reflected within his Spells. Everything was falling apart way too fast before his eyes. Hevnoraak's terror was making him do mistake after mistake, and his confidence wavered further due to his distance to his treasury, where all of his artifacts lay.

A wave of his arm pushed Vulthuryol back, and the Dragon Priest had his golden Ward explode in a burst of pressure and radiance, pushing the creator of those abominations back.

Then Hevnoraak multiplied. The Fork of Horripilation fused two Magic Schools together, bringing Illusion Magic and Restoration Magic to create physical Illusions. Extensions of himself.

One appeared on his right, the other on his left. Then they subsequently multiply too. Again and again.

Three become six, six becomes twelve, twelve become twenty-four. More of him filled the air, each weaving a different Spell, replacing pure power for sheer quantity.

But the Abomination did not falter even for a moment, nor did he waste a second.

One Illusion burst apart when a star smashed straight through its chest. Another one was grabbed by a twisted, unholy hand with far too many fingers and mouths on it and squeezed into paste.

And Hevnoraak started letting loose.

Spells rained down, shaking the valley, yet they barely drowned out the roars and squeals and horrible wails of those eldritch monstrosities.

One Hevnoraak tried to flee towards his temple to grab some treasure, but was erased by a javelin of lightning swallowing him whole.

Another had sneaked behind the robed man, only for a colossal, twisted dog head to appear from the cloak and tear the head off that Hevnoraak.

That inky, oily darkness spread, swallowing the valley, ignoring the Spells, and further birthing abominable beings that just refused to disappear. That just came back in greater numbers, with more limbs, more mouths, more eyes-

And the man just kept on laughing!

"My boy, just run!" Vulthuryol insisted from behind him, urgency within his voice, "Leave me behind! Go, damn it!"

Hevnoraak snarled, "I will not leave you behind! Not again!" He won't abandon the only one who had faith in him since young once more.

A Dragon Priest should die before their Dragon. The other way around was a shame that Hevnoraak, despite his cowardice, refused to bear.

"What a touching scene…" The voice of the other Undead in the valley reached Hevnoraak's ears as he felt yet another of his clones be torn apart.

Another attempted yet again to reach for his ruined temple, but Hevnoraak didn't even see what bisected it in half.

"Not laughing anymore, you bastard?" Hevnoraak questions, voice dripping with anger and nervousness, his staff once more humming as Water and Earth Magic synergized to launch forward a wave of mud that obscured the vision.

Only for it to freeze and shatter a second later, revealing the slowly approaching figure of the robed man dripping ink-black oil with each step he took. "I forgot what I was laughing about." The man muses, voice wistful.

Then pauses, "Oh yeah… I was thinking about killing you in a very, very painful way." The robed Undead states in a very cheerful voice, and Hevnoraak couldn't help but scoff out of pure derision.

"Undead don't feel pain." The Dragon Priest spits out harshly.

Yet, the Undead before him simply tilts his head, "Then why are you shivering from the cold?"

Hevnoraak comes to a stop. Slowly, he looks down at the hand holding his staff.

It was trembling.

Why did he feel cold?

How did he feel cold?

How did he feel?!

That's when he takes note of the dense mist. Of the cold clinging to him. Hevnoraak wanted to huddle on himself, to hide away from the cold near a warm fire, to… His mind was starting to feel slow.

Like he was tired.

Hevnoraak roars, terror and fury mixing together to drive him senseless, and his hand rises to aim the tip of the Fork of Horripilation at the Undead- A gauntlet-clad hand wraps around the fork, then squeezes.

A shattering sound fills the air, and Hevnoraak's prized stave and Artifact crumbles into shards before his very eyes.

The robed man draws his other arm back, and a golden barriers erupts into existence around Hevnoraak, who instantly plans to leap back and escape with Vulthuryol, thoughts of driving his opponent away-

The fist crashes through his golden Ward like it was made of glass, and the fist erupts into countless claws that cover Hevnoraak's face and head before yanking him out, shattering the rest of the golden Ward with his body.

"This is disappointing." The man muses, an underlying of fury within his seemingly calm voice as those purple flames stared fixedly at the struggling Dragon Priest within his grasp, "You are disappointing me."

"Champion of Sheogorath, my ass." The other hand rises, and the distorted eldritch limbs retreat so that only the two natural hands could grip the sides of Hevnoraak's skull, "What am I supposed to do with all this bottled up fury inside of me if you can't even give me a proper fucking fight!?"

His grip cracked Hevnoraak's skull, the limbs trembling from the intense anger that could affect even his non-living body in such a way.

"Let him go." Vulthuryol speaks, earning Leonidas' attention, purple flames flicking to stare at the heavily wounded Dragon's last remaining head from where the beast lay at the bottom of the hill, "It is me you want. So just let him go, please."

"My Lord-!" Hevnoraak starts, only to explode into a squeal of pain when sparks of Lightning Magic erupt around his form.

Using Lightning Magic on others was known as the worst type of torture in existence, and the pain was far greater for those that have large Magicka reserves.

Lightning Magic and Magicka interacted like two magnets. One was positive, the other negative. And Lightning Magic pushed Magicka out of the way, hence why it could so easily destroy Wards and other Magic Spells.

And when used on a body? One would feel their Magicka be forcefully and painfully pushed out of their bodies while also feeling the heat and electricity ravage their insides.

The sparks of Lightning died down after a second, leaving the Dragon Priest limp and whimpering from the horrifying pain. As he was a being held together by Magicka itself, this form of torture was even more painful for him.

Leonidas hums, keeping his gaze locked on the nervous Vulthuryol, "He seems to be really important for you, huh?" The Undead muses, and the Dragon slowly nodded.

"He is my pride." For Vulthuryol, those words were enough to describe their relationship.

Leonidas hums once more, "I guess then, that if you die, he'll be very, very sad…" Leonidas states, now speaking towards the Dragon Priest within his grasp.

Vulthuryol instantly has a bad feeling.

And that bad feeling is proven correct the very next second, "Guess now I know what to do with this bottled up fury of mine!" His cheerful voice echoes across the air right as azure flames and sparks of lightning flow across his arms.

"Please stop-!"

The scream that cut through the air like a hot knife and echoed across the valley was inhuman.

Hevnoraak wailed. He screamed. He squealed. And he struggled like a mad animal knowing he was about to be struggled.

His body was cloaked in raging azure flames and rumbling arcs of lightning that tore through him, breaking his mind with the most horrific pain imaginable.

His limbs flailed. He tried kicking, punching, slapping- But his bones just broke and failed, brittle and weak compared to the monster gleefully ending his existence in the most brutal way possible.

The azure flames burning Hevnoraak's form swelled into a massive pyre, the crackling of lightning turning into a clap of thunder that echoed with the screams of the tortured Dragon Priest.

Until the pyre swelled into an enormous pillar of flames that lit up the valley… The disappeared into azure embers.

Vulthuryol stared, horrified, as a Mask clattered to the ground right where Hevnoraak used to be.

His enormous form slowly inches back, shivering and trembling in fear.

The robed Undead dropped his arms to his sides, and just… Stared forward.

The setting Sun stood behind him, making that darkness covering his form appear even darker. More sinister. As if billions of things were hiding within it and were eager to escape through.

Vulthuryol breathes out, takes another step back-

Then freezes when, slowly, a pair of purple flames moves to look at him.

The Dragon cowers, whimpers, and turns around to flee-

The unsettling darkness swallows the valley.

And from it, a billion limbs and creatures erupt forth, clawing at the Dragon and tearing into him.

The valley was once more drowned in noise.

But this time, it was the noise of flesh being ripped apart, munched on, torn and flailed.

All the while, a Dragon screamed.



A.N. I dunno, I rewrote this chapter… Four times?

Still not satisfied. Am afraid y'all won't like it.

Dunno why, I just can't find the right mix of things.

Either way, this was a minor show of what Leo can do now, and the enormous power-up he recently gained.

Now, only the strongest Dragon Priests remain, all on par and way stronger than Deinmaar himself.

Am still disappointed with this chapter, but I doubt I could have done better.

Still, hope y'all enjoyed it even a little bit!

If y'all want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then feel free to hop on over to my and subscribe to the right Tier!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, TiringSarcasm, Levky and 923 others
Musashi-Chan
Jun 6, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 44
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jun 16, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,640
The wind gently rustles the leaves of the trees, a soothing noise that is both loud yet gentle.

The deer in the clearing doesn't care about it. Its head is hanging low, grabbing a mouthful of grass before lifting back up and looking around, clearly still alert for predators while it munches away at the food in its mouth.

And then an arrow punches straight through its skull, and the animal crumbles to the ground like a puppet having its strings cut.

"Hah! Headshot!" Gretel shouts, jumping out of the bush she was hiding in, "Get fucked, idiot!"

Yes, that is the attitude a Call of Duty player has. Brings back some good ol' memories, I'll admit.

I stand up out of cover with a sigh and pat the cheering brat on the head, "Shouldn't you… You know, hit it where it would then be able to run away? Isn't the chase the best part of the hunt?"

Gretel shrugs, "I'd rather chase something that then fights back, not something that would keep running until it dies." I hum and pat her again.

"Still, that was a damn good shot." She preens under my praise, eyes sparkling with happiness as she skips forward to check on her prey.

"Aela is a good teacher!" Gretel states, jumping behind the dead deer so to pull out the arrow for her small bow. Which somehow packed quite the punch. "Though I guess Hircine is helping me cheat a bit…"

Probably part of the powerful blessing she and her family carries. Some form of boost related to hunting, empowering her and any gear she uses to go through the Hunt successfully.

"A good shot is a good shot still." I state as I approach the carcass, "The most adorable Huntress strikes again, it seems." With a soft chuckle in my words, I reach down to pick her up and place her over my shoulders, letting her sit there as she giggles happily.

That beautiful noise soothes my aching Soul quite a bit.

"Wait, what did I strike first?" Gretel asks, suddenly confused.

"A Dragon." I reply flatly, squatting down to grab one leg of the dead deer so I could drag it along.

"Huh…" Realization hits, "Man, that fucker was yummy…" I hope she isn't drooling on my head, else I'll tickle her until she cries.

"I'm pretty sure you are the only one that looks at a Dragon and thinks about eating them." I chuckle as I pat her small right leg as I walk through the thick forest, the light of the bright morning sun shining down through the thick foliage, making for a rather beautiful sight.

There's a lingering mist from the change in temperatures, further enhancing the beauty of the view, making it appear ethereal. Like a place straight out of a fantasy.

Which it is. I forgot.

"Hey! I was hungry!"

"When are you not hungry?"

"When am sleepin', duh!" This adorable brat.

I sigh and shake my head, stepping over a massive root of a large tree, its bark torn and covered in large scratches, likely from a rather massive bear.

The forest is beautiful and thriving, overflowing with animals – I even saw a Spriggan in the distance a bit ago – and looks like the perfect paradise for hunters.

Gretel used to come here before she met us, hunting by herself for fun or out of boredom.

It would have probably been how those twisted fucks that came after her would have-… I shake away those thoughts, wishing the deep calming 'breaths' I take to actually work for once.

"...Are you still angry, Leo?" Gretel asks softly, her tiny hands visibly clutching at the edges of my hood.

I hum softly, "A little bit." Killing Hevnoraak and Vulthuryol did not quell that fury one bit.

Even making them both scream in pain, destroying them so utterly with pure power… It didn't feel satisfying. Gratifying. I felt nothing.

"...I'm sorry." My steps come to a pause as Gretel whispers those words.

My hand lets go of the dead deer's legs, and then I reach up to grab the small child, lift her off my shoulders, and hold her in front of me. "You have nothing to apologize for." I tell her, bringing her into a hug that she latches on, her eyes already red and filled with tears.

"I'm the one that should apologize." I whisper, hugging her tightly, "If I didn't fuck up… If I didn't mess around like a goddamn idiot… So many lives wouldn't have been lost. Your grandma…"

Gretel shakes her head against my shoulder, sniffling softly, "She would have still died soon." She whispers softly, "Either of old age, or another Dragon attack…"

I hate it. I hate that she is right.

And I hate being unable to be everywhere.

And I hate that I want to save and protect everyone.

Because I know that the moment that I kill that part of me, then I'll go down a path that will turn me into a monster similar to Alduin.

I look down, staring at the shadows that expand forth from my feet, swallowing the fallen leaves, the grass, the flowers, and the tree roots.

The black tar making up the vile darkness bubbles and ripples, billions of twisted, malicious eyes peeking out from within that abyss.

I breathe in, and that expanding darkness disappears like it was never there, latching back on my pitch black robes and clothing.

"At least now she is likely terrorizing everyone within Hircine's hunting grounds…" Gretel muses softly, a gentle giggle flowing past her lips, making me snort as she pulls back and wipes her eyes.

Holding her against me with one arm, I grab the deer once more and resume my walk back to our temporary camp, feeling just a tiny bit better than before.

Though, this series of events did bring me an enormous increase in power, enough to finally give me confidence to go to Saarthal with the rest.

I'd say that I've been blessed by Sheogorath, but I can somehow tell that this is just a minor one. I haven't been made his Champion or anything of the sort, I've just… Been given a way to weaponize a part of his Realm.

It's powerful. Very, very powerful. I can infect existence itself with my own will, cover it with a form of taint that seemingly connects to an empty void filled with these beings that I can just shape to my will.

It is all like a Hive Mind of sorts. I can control them, see through them, act through them, and speak through them. They are an extension of me. A creation of my own.


[The Dark Below]

An ever-expanding, tainted pool of endless darkness, from which unthinkable horrors can spawn from.

They are an extension of the creator, fabricated within their mind with or without their knowledge.

The darkness expands forth through the usage of Magicka, and must always remain connected to the Creator, lest it disappears.​


It's powerful. Very much so. It gives me a millions limbs to act through, so many eyes to look through, and literal horrifying armies to call upon.

And it's not even a Spell. I wonder if I can upgrade it with a Dragon Soul in the future.

Speaking of Spells though… I've gained two new Spell slots with this sudden Evolution out of my control.

It left me without any Souls out of the ten-thousand that I had, but I know for a fact that I've gained an enormous amount of power and Magicka.

And I already know one of the two Spells I want to start modifying. Ward Skin.

Juggernaut already makes me a tank in terms of damage I can take, and with Ward Skin I can also make myself even tougher towards Spells. I'd rather become an unstoppable force, after all.

So that's what I'll focus on. I dunno about the other Spell Slot, but I'll think about it in the future. For now, I have other things to focus on.

Voices soon reach my ears as I get closer and closer to the edge of our temporary campsite.

"-the opposite of the Flesh Type Spells from the Alteration schools." I hear Hildr explain, "Just keep the flow of Magicka through your body going, but don't gather it right above your skin."

Aurelia, who was sitting right beside Hildr, makes a cute noise of understanding, "So it has a similar application to the Flesh Spells, yet the physical enhancement is far greater." Ah, Hildr is helping her get Reinforcement down, it seems.

Hell, even Odahviing is paying attention, laying on the ground behind them and listening in like a curious cat.

Hildr nods with a small smile, "Plus, Flesh Spells are broken if the outer shield takes too much damage. Reinforcement can only be disrupted if you lose concentration." Leaning back, Hildr's lone eye widens lightly when she takes note of me and Gretel coming back, "With your enormous reserves, you can keep using for a long time."

I put Gretel down, letting her run into Hildr's arms, who swiftly picks her up and kisses her cheek warmly.

"We got a deer, if you girls are hungry." I speak up, raising the large deer in question up, "Or in case the Dragon wants a snack."

Odahviing snorts softly at my words, visibly amused. That lone snort nearly toppled over a tree, goddamn.

"Huh…" Hildr blinks in clear surprise, then looks down at Gretel, "You actually listened to Aela's teachings? Why don't you do that with me?"

Gretel shrugs, "'Cause you're boring, duh!" Her answer is met with a surprise tickle attack that leaves the child squealing and begging for mercy within three seconds.

Hildr, of course, does not grant her that mercy and keeps on the assault.

Ignoring the squeals and cries from the two sisters, I turn towards Aurelia, "How do you like my Spell?"

The woman smiles brightly at me and pats the spot beside her, "I feel like I can punch a mountain and make it disappear!" I snort as I sit down beside her.

"Pretty sure you could already do that before." Mainly because of those bullshit powerful Dragon Blades of hers. The fire one is horrendous. "But let us not test that theory, yes?"

She grins cheekily at me, "Why? There's plenty of mountains around. One less won't bother anyone!" I've really infected her with my idiot personality, huh?

I love it.

"I fear what the likes of Deinmaar would be capable of doing with such a Spell." Odahviing muses from behind us, making me perk up and hum in interest.

"Yeah, he is a physical powerhouse, huh?" What I saw in our fight at the temple and against Alduin was barely the tip of the iceberg in terms of his strength.

His armor basically freezes his body in time, making him stop aging and needing food, water, sleep and other bodily functions, but remaining still for thousand of years still dulled him quite a bit.

His senses aren't as sharp, and he has lost the fine control over his strength and magic he used to have.

I'm sure that sparring with Aurelia will help him recover very quickly, and I am eager to witness his titanic strength. Especially once it is further enhanced by Reinforcement.

Hell, maybe I can help him come up with his own version of Juggernaut.

He did say he isn't good at learning Magic, yet he still managed to achieve Synchrony with his Fire and Lightning Magic to create literal fucking plasma.

The only other person I know that achieved Synchrony between two elements is Aurelia, but that is mainly due to her being blessed by Arkay. Her Holy Magic and Fire Magic have fused to create Sunfire, and that is a permanent change.

Hildr can't really do it due to her having only a Fire Affinity, while I can't either because Ice and Lightning can't really mix.

Hevnoraak instead achieved that level by using the Fork of Horripilation. I recognized it at first glance, and its capabilities were exactly what I expected.

It was a crutch, hence why I broke it instead of grabbing it for myself. I didn't want to risk me using it to skip the practice and learning part.

And even if I didn't break it, Kara would have likely destroyed it herself. She absolutely loathes artifacts that assist people in skipping stages of learning, especially when it comes to magic.

Already it was a miracle that she did not erase the Folium Discognitum when I showed it to her, but I believe that distaste is mainly because it played a part in Shalidor basically being a deadbeat dad and husband in her and her mother's life.

I shake away those thoughts and turn my head to stare at Aurelia.

A warm smile lit up her breathtaking face, and she looks so mature now. So alive, so happy. She is beautiful.

She takes note of my gaze, and while her pale cheeks flush slightly, she doesn't shy away from it as her smile grows a bit more.

I flick my gaze past her, where Hildr is still bullying Gretel, but her lone eye flicks towards me, and she smiles warmly too and throws a wink my way.

I chuckle softly, any worries and fears just melting away. I shouldn't have been worried about them being afraid or disgusted by me after seeing my new horrifying power.

Especially since once they caught up with me after I was done slowly tearing Vulthuryol apart, both Aurelia and Hildr did not hesitate to hug me tightly, even when I was drenched in blood.

"When we have some time off…" I start, speaking softly while turning towards Aurelia, "There's something I want to tell you." I think it is time I stop holding back.

I've been bottling everything up, believing that as an Undead I can't enjoy the little things, and that I can't have a relationship when I can't give the one I cherish anything…

But I'm done pussy-footing around. I want to be honest with what I feel.

Aurelia blinks, her bright eyes widening minutely and her cheeks growing more and more red. And then comes the shyness as she averts her gaze like a bashful girl, staring down so that her long hair could fall down and cover her face.

...Though, how the fuck do I breach the subject of Hildr?

You know what? I'm letting her handle this.

So, like the little shit I am, I give Hildr a thumbs up and extend a small patch of darkness her way, then up her side and to her ear, where I create a small mouth to whisper- "You tell Aurelia about your feelings from me. Good luck!"

And then I cut the connection as Hildr stiffens up, and I could almost see the imaginary wolf ears pop up on her head from how startled she is.

I, of course, look away and start whistling without a care in the world when she throws me a look overflowing with pure panic and horror.

Ah… What a nice day!

….Oh right, I do have a Dragon Soul now after I killed Vulthuryol! I was so distracted by my anger that I must have missed the notification.

Though, to be fair, my System seems to have… Changed. For some reason, I don't seem to be able to Evolve my Class anymore.

I don't have a Soul requirement like before, but I don't think it is permanent. I think I probably need to find or discover something that will once more push me forward.

Though, I do know one thing now. I can absorb normal Souls whenever I want to grow stronger now. I can just consume them at will.

The stronger I become, the more I start to understand the System and learn how it works almost automatically.

Not that absorbing each Soul I come across will give me large boosts in power. I'll only start doing that once they become useless for the Evolutions of my Spells.

Speaking of Souls… I have not encountered a Grand Soul just yet, no matter who I killed. Perhaps it isn't something that powerful individuals and mages like Dragon Priests have like I initially thought. It clearly is different from the game.

I'll ask Kara, if I even remember to do so once I see her again.

Either way, the new Dragon Soul I have… I have half a mind to Evolve Juggernaut with it, but I stop myself.

My Spells have grown horrendously powerful thanks to my recent Evolution, but… I've neglected one thing for far too long.


[Draconic Chant]

Through the mix of normal Magic Incantation, Mana Weaving method and the Reality Bending Thu'um, a new type of Chanting is born.

Before launching a Spell, Chant a Word of Power that matches it to enormously enhance its power.

Currently, a two Chants can be used. Increase the number of Chants to be chained by upgrading this Spell through the usage of only Dragon Souls.

This Spell cannot Evolve.

(2/10)​


Possibly my greatest asset, and one that makes my Spells even more terrifying. One Word was already an immense boost, and now I can add a second one to the mix.

With this, I now have even greater power that can be used in all kinds of ways, and that can be mixed with Original Runes.

...I should really start studying Original Runes more. I've just been using them in a rough and barbaric way, after all.

I shake away those thoughts when the sound of rustling reaches my ears, and I turn my head towards the woods just in time to see Deinmaar's massive form come into view as he pats some fallen leaves off his shoulders.

"Back already?" I call out, and the giant Atmoran perks up, the red eyes beneath his helmet brightening up in a smile.

"Brother!" I chuckle at his jovial call, "Are you feeling better?"

I make a so-so gesture, "Still furious, but can't do nothing about that." He sighs deeply and pats my shoulder once he stands beside me and takes a seat on the fallen log, "Did you find what you were looking for?"

He nods and straightens himself, "It wasn't hard to find, even with how wrecked the temple was." I can hear the smile in his voice as he speaks, "Hevnoraak's treasury is intact, and it is filled to the brim with valuable items, enchanted artifacts and Spell Staves."

I whistle at that. That fucker really was a hoarder, huh? "How should we even use that? We ain't really lacking in funds, after all…" Thanks to Ulfric's very kind donation.

Deinmaar hums, crossing his massive arms as he lowers his head in thought, "They could be funds for the cities that need to prepare for the Dragons?"

I pause at that. Of course he'd think about others. He never even thought about keeping that stuff for himself.

Oh well, it would also feel like dirty gold since it is stuff that Hevnoraak gained in his rather disgusting ways.

"Yeah, they could really use that stuff." Especially since we brought them a lot of time after me and Deinmaar fucked up Alduin, and Aurelia butchered the Dragons that attacked Whiterun.

There will still be probing attacks, that's a given, but I believe they now will focus on rebuilding their army. Meaning, they'll look around and recruit more Dragon Priests so that they can be used to plan out attacks.

The problem is that the remaining Dragon Priests are the very old, very powerful ones. The Elders of the Dragon Council.

Morokei is a monster, to not speak about how he has the Staff of Magnus in his hands to further bolster him.

Otar the Mad is a very, very powerful Necromancer that can raise immense armies far easier and far greater than what Krosis did back against Whiterun.

Then there are still Vokun and Volsung. These two aren't sealed like Morokei and Otar the Mad, and while still Elders, they aren't anywhere as terrifying as the other two.

Hence, once we deal with Saarthal, we'll pay those two a visit and take them out.

"Brother…" Deinmaar starts, pulling me out of my thoughts and making me turn towards him, his gaze turning a bit complicated as he keeps going, "This Whiterun is where she is… Right?"

I pause, then realize what he is asking about.

Dinok.

I nod, "Yeah. She is sealed beneath it." I had told him about this the day before Vulthuryol attacked once more, and his reaction was… Weird. "You want to see her?"

He doesn't answer me instantly as he lowers his head, then nods after a few quiet seconds. "I think I should."

I nod and pat his massive shoulder in comfort. "I'll be there with you, don't worry."

With that said, I pat my legs and stand up.

"Alright, shall we go then?"


~~XXX~~​


His steps echoed across the wide hall, the gaze of countless masked statues staring down at him. To him, these gazes always felt arrogant. He never understood why.

He hated this temple from the first time he stepped foot inside it.

The tall statues of the Elders. Imposing sculptures made out of fine marble, and the masks made out of pure gold.

All the money used into making these things could have gone towards the poorer districts of Bromjunaar… But no, they were wasted on such useless things, because a Dragon Priest said so.

His red eyes flick away from the statue of Lord Morokei, and his right leg goes to move before he freezes.

The air on the back of his neck stand on end, and goosebumps cover all of his body as he shudders in place.

A soft sound reaches his ears. The sound of bare feet walking on stone. Gentle, quiet and slow steps.

Slowly, Deinmaar turns his head just as the other presence within the massive hall nears him.

Long, wavy white hair cascade down a thin, slightly hunched over figure draped in a tattered black cloak.

Dinok, Deinmaar realizes. No wonder the Grand Temple was empty… All the other Dragon Priests must have vacated it once they heard that Dinok was wandering around.

The thin woman, barely even half as tall as Deinmaar's immense form, turns her head left and right, looking lost and confused.

Her face resembled that of a beautiful porcelain doll, looking both fragile and cute. Yet none dared say such things, nor does anyone ever dare even speak in her presence.

Deinmaar wets his lips, then sighs softly, "Dinok." He calls out gently. Warmly, even.

The minute Snow Elf comes to a halt, her head tilting, her long white hair moving to reveal her pale, unseeing eyes as she looks in the general direction of his voice.

"Are you looking for Konahriik?" He questions gently, knowing not to underestimate the blind woman due to her crippled eyes.

For even though she held no magical capabilities… Dinok was the strongest, and most feared Thu'um user to ever exist so far.

A lone whisper of hers could erase Bromjunaar and the surrounding region off the maps with laughable ease.

There was no surviving her.

Slowly, the minute woman nods, "Ko… Nah… Riik…" She whispers, voice hoarse. Sad.

Deinmaar smiles, "I'm sure she is looking for you too." Alas, Konahriik's duties as High Priestess always kept her busy, keeping her from visiting her twin. Something both disliked. "I'll take you to her, if you want."

Dinok remains quiet, head still tilted… Before she nods softly, a thin and cute smile spreading across her pale lips.

Her small hand reaches out and finds Deinmaar's forearm, and the giant Atmoran smiles softly and leads the way.

...Did he just become her caretaker?

That memory was a fond one for Deinmaar. He did, indeed, become Dinok's caretaker after that encounter.

He started helping the twin sisters find each other from that day on, helping them spend their day together even if Konahriik was swamped in paperwork.

Dinok never minded that. She was quiet, and just wanted to be in the presence of her sister, even if there was no talking being done.

And now… Here he stood, before the rusted doors right before the seal that contained her.

A seal that was useless, for a lone whisper of hers could obliterate it and allow her to escape.

"You ready?" His new closest friend asks softly, and Deinmaar gives Leonidas a slow nod.

The priest that had led them down here had left after Leonidas' urging, just to be safe. The poor man was on the verge of fainting just by being out here.

Turning around, the robed form of Leonidas caked in that new darkness that never left him, proceeded to open the lock of the rusted metal doors… Then slowly pry them open.

And there, inside the small room, and sitting upon that small elevated altar, was her.

A skeleton covered in a familiar tattered black cloak. A cloak that Dinok cherished deeply.

Deinmaar blinks, and suddenly the skeleton is standing right in front of the golden barrier, the blade that was in her lap discarded and forgotten.

Slowly, Deinmaar crouches down on one knee and removes his helmet so that his small smile could be visible, "Hello there, Dinok."

The featureless black mask stares at him, and he could feel the intensity behind that gaze. The raw emotion.

"Dein… Maar." A whisper reaches his ears, sounding soft. Fragile. Happy.

His smile grows before he looks down at the corpses that lay beyond the barrier. Rusted armors and weapons, and broken skeletons. "Why are you here, Dinok?"

He had so many questions.

How did she lose her body? What happened to her? Why did she let herself be sealed in here?

But Dinok does not answer the question he decided to ask, and simply tilts her head at him, "Ko… Nah… Riik?" She whispers once more, sounding desperate. Hopeful.

Deinmaar's smile turns sad, a deep longing filling his own eyes, "I don't know. I am looking for her too." He answers softly, and the skeleton's shoulders sag at his words.

Where was she? What happened to her? Was she safe?

"Kro… sis…" Dinok whispers once more, expressing the sorrow she was feeling as she turned around and slowly walked back towards the spot she had been sitting on.

Deinmaar opened his mouth to speak, but he didn't know what he could say. He wanted to bring Dinok along, but… He had doubts.

He had doubts on her allegiance, for she never fought in the war.

When Konahriik battled Alduin after his imprisonment so to buy time for the resistance to take out the majority of the stronger Dragons through the well planned ambushes he had knowledge, he had kept an ear out for Dinok.

But she never did anything. She never fought against the resistance… Nor did she go and assist her beloved twin in her battle against Alduin.

Had the two twins teamed up against the World-Eater, then they could have grievously wounded the beast. Their might, together, could pose a threat to even Alduin in his prime.

Something that only two other Dragons were capable off.

The Knowledge Saint, and the Blade Saint.

Yet… Dinok never helped her twin sister, and Konahriik was now lost, with her whereabouts unknown.

So even if he deeply cared for the minute blind woman he used to take care for… The skeleton before him might not be the same person.

His head lowers as he sighs deeply, before perking up when a hand enters his line of sight, holding a small key.

"You can stay here with her for a bit, if you want." Leonidas tells him, and Deinmaar does not miss the way Dinok freezes at the sound of his voice.

"Thank you, brother." Still, Deinmaar takes the key, smiling as Leonidas pats his shoulder and goes back up the steps.

And when the Atmoran turns back towards the open doorway, he pauses when he takes note of Dinok standing right before the barrier once more, her gaze now focused intensely on Leonidas' departing form.

"Dinok…?" He calls out softly, but the Undead does not answer nor move, her gaze clearly following Leonidas' until his form disappeared from her line of sight.

Only then did her shoulders slump once more, and she turned around to stumble back towards the spot she was sitting on.

Deinmaar tilts his head, about to speak once more before a whisper reaches his ears, "So… Lo… Mon…"

The Atmoran's eyes snap wide open, and his head turns to stare up the stairs and at Leonidas' distant back.

Why did Dinok think that Leonidas was Konahriik's teacher…?

Gulping, Deinmaar shakes his head and stands up. Giving Dinok one last warm but sad gaze as she sits down, he slowly closes the rusted doors and locks them.

And as he does so, he hears one last whisper.

"Bor… Mah…"

The door locks, leaving Deinmaar with a great deal of questions.

His shoulders sag, but he soon turns and starts going back up the stairs, his thoughts swirling as he uselessly tried to find answers that were far out of his reach.

He should have been with them. He should have never let that betrayal of his pin him down. He should have fought with Konahriik, even if he lost his life.

His steps carry him out of the church that led to Dinok's prison, and Leonidas was standing outside right past the open doors.

The robed man hums and tilts his head towards the Atmoran, "So many questions, still no answers, huh?" He muses, and Deinmaar nods as he puts his helmet back on.

Deinmaar opens his mouth, but stops himself from speaking. He wanted to ask Leonidas about this Solomon, for even he knew little about this mysterious man.

He only knew that the Elders, even the likes of Lord Morokei, were outright terrified of this individual that had taught Konahriik when she was a child, before they met.

Dinok viewed him as her father figure and cherished him deeply, but never really went in depths about their past.

Konahriik was the same. Her smile always mysterious when asked about him, but she viewed the man like an older brother that she deeply missed.

A sudden snort from Leonidas draws Deinmaar's attention, who tilts his head in confusion, "What is it, brother?" He questions as the snort turns into a faint chuckle.

"Oh, nothing… Just that…" Leonidas turns as he chuckles, and nods his head towards the church behind them, "I'm an Undead, and I just keep walking in and out of a place of worship of a Divine that very much hates said creatures."

At that point Leonidas cackles, and Deinmaar could only shake his head in amusement… While trying not to laugh himself. He didn't wish to offend Lord Arkay, after all.

"And the fucker even blessed me!" Leonidas was making it hard, though. Very, very hard.

His new, closest friend had a couple of screw loose… And that, strangely enough, was what made him such a strangely charismatic individual.

Shaking his head, the Undead reached over to pat Deinmaar's arm before he started walking, "Come on, let's go pay the Jarl a visit. Gotta tell him about the treasury… And about Riverwood and Falkreath."

Deinmaar nods and falls into steps with Leonidas, knowing that was the very reason he had sent away so to distract themselves. He still felt guilty for the recent events.

No words of comfort could come to his mind, so Deinmaar just looked around.

The city was clearly still rebuilding from the recent attack, with hundreds of people and workers moving through the streets and moving gear and materials with smiles on their faces.

None complained. They all worked together, young assisting the old, bringing the workers food and water, and sometimes even forcing them to take a break.

Remnants of the attack were visible still, though. Like areas scorched with the flame breath of a Dragon, or where their huge forms crash-landed. A lot of decayed carcasses of huge Dragons were also still being taken apart and placed on large carts, then moved away.

...Was this how the end of the war used to look like? No, perhaps it was much, much worse. There wouldn't have been so many buildings left standing, especially since Dragon Sages and Great Sages had taken part in the battle.

The fact that Skyrim was still mostly intact spoke of how well they had managed to contain the damage, or how fast they managed to slay the powerful Dragons.

A large portion of the continent had only been shattered and thrown into the sea due to infighting caused by Miraak's betrayal.

Deinmaar frowned lightly at the thought of that particular Dragon Priest, but soon shook away those thoughts as he spoke, "Are you familiar with the Jarl of this Hold, brother?"

Leonidas perks up with a hum, then nods, "Kinda." He answers, shaking his gauntlet-clad hand in a so-so gesture, "I guess he respects me a lot due to handling the Krosis situation from a while back."

Right, Krosis had attacked from that mountain in the distance, didn't he?

"And the Dragon issues too, I guess." Deinmaar couldn't help but smile at that.

He had known many who would abuse this 'respect' for gains, and push to gain more, searching the boundaries of that 'respect' so that they could just request more and more.

But Leonidas didn't do such a thing. He didn't even seem to care. As long as the people were safe and sound, he was satisfied.

It was then that their steps brought them to a large square at the bottom of a long staircase. On the other side of the square was a tall imposing building that instantly earned Deinmaar's full attention.

It was very old. Ancient, even. Made out of wood from a giant upturned boat.

"That's the boat of the five-hundred Companions." Leonidas states softly from beside him, "They were Atmorans. Your people."

Deinmaar breathes in. It was a slow, shaky breath. He had always wondered about them. Always thought about his home.

But then, his mind always returned to the one he longs for, and forever will.

Home was wherever She was.

"You told me that they came to Skyrim long before the Dragons ruled Mundus." Leonidas nods at Deinmaar's questions.

"Probably hundreds of years before them. Way before recorded history, in fact." The Undead muses softly, "It is believed that the many Races that walk Tamriel are descendants of the Atmorans, in fact. Like the Nords."

Deinmaar muses softly at that. His eyes were a dark red, and his hair were black… He didn't really have the blonde hair and blue eyes of the Nords, but he didn't really know how the rest of his people looked like.

"What about my homeland?"

Leonidas sighs softly, "It's a frozen landscape now. The glacial winds from it are felt all across the north of Skyrim too." Crossing his arms, the Undead hums softly, "I thought the Dragon Cult had some form of presence there too?"

Deinmaar tilts his head at that. "I don't know. I never really dealt with that kind of stuff." Leonidas chuckles at that.

"You preferred punching people in the face, didn't ya?"

"Politics is hard. Punching assholes and throwing them in prison was easy. And fun."

They share a laugh at that before they resumed their walk, ascending the steps to the mighty castle of Dragonsreach currently undergoing repairs.

The workers carrying materials up to the castle walked around them, some even whispering and pointing towards Leonidas, telling Deinmaar that the mage was quite well known and respected in the city.

Then one of the guards standing by the destroyed doors raised their voice, "Halt! State your business-!" Alas, his words were halted when the other guard slapped the one talking over the head.

"You idiot! Can't you recognize Sir Leonidas!?" The much older guard admonishes, before turning back to the chuckling Leonidas and giving a nod, "It is a pleasure to see you again, Sir. The Jarl is inside."

Leonidas nods and resumes walking, "Don't be too hard on the guy. I've been away for a while, after all." He states, patting the admonished guard on the shoulder as they walked past and entered the large hall undergoing repairs.

Then Leonidas pauses at the sight of a Dragon carcass being taken apart at the top of the stairs. "Did a Dragon really fucking dive bomb the goddamn castle…?"

Deinmaar tilts his head, "They used to do it often." Leonidas' head snaps towards him, and the massive Atmoran shrugs, "Don't ask me why."

They always did that when they got badly hurt while flying, but sometimes they also did that out of nowhere.

Deinmaar couldn't guess the reason behind that action.

He does hear Leonidas mutter something about 'Dragons being crash-outs' or something along those lines, but he decided to ignore it.

Soon after, they reached the top of the stairs, where a mostly damaged and massive hall lay, a throne resting on the other end of it.

None of the workers though currently walked around the hall, leaving it occupied by what Deinmaar initially believes are the Nobles and the Lord of Whiterun.

One such Nord swiftly takes notice of their approach and perks up, eyes widening at the sight of Leonidas, "Leonidas!" The tall Nord calls out, a smile stretching across his bearded face.

The Undead raises a hand in greeting, "Jarl Balgruuf. I am glad to see you alive and well." His head then turns to regard the other people sat at round table with the Jarl, "I can't say the same for all of the other Jarls though, it seems…"

The now identified Jarl Balgruuf sighs deeply, looking as if he had aged decades in the span of seconds, "We lost two Jarls in the attack. The Jarl of Winterhold, and the Jarl of Falkreath."

Leonidas sighs, "Guess the Gods really wanted it gone, huh…?" He muses aloud, confusing the present Jarls… Before he speaks up once more. "Riverwood and Falkreath are gone."

The hall fell quiet. It was a cold quiet, one filled with horror, shock and fear.

Jarl Balgruuf leans back into his seat and sighs deeply, "I see…"

Leonidas visibly clenches his hands into tight fists, "My apologies. It was my fault." He lowers his head, "I let the Dragon that caused that destruction escape from me."

The Jarl of Winterhold stared at the masked Undead for a few quiet seconds, then asked; "Is it still out there?"

Leonidas answered instantly. "No."

"...Did it suffer?"

"Very much so."

The Jarls smiled. Those weren't pleased smiles, but the smiles of someone who had achieved their revenge. The smiles of someone who heard that their most hated foe had fallen in a most pathetic way.

And Deinmaar was reminded of the scene he walked in on.

Of that valley drenched in blood, and covered in torn flesh and bones all over. He couldn't even come close to thinking about the horrors Leonidas inflicted upon Vulthuryol.

Breathing in, the Undead steps forward, "I have kept much hidden from you, but now that all of the Jarls stand together, I believe it is time I share some things."

Jarl Balgruuf instantly leaned forward, his gaze growing focused and serious, "Any advice you can give will be treasured, my friend."

Leonidas nods, before speaking, "There are five more Dragon Priests in Skyrim, aside from those that we have already felled."

"First was Krosis, who fell against me and the Dragonborn. Then Rahgot, who attacked Riften and was felled by the Dragonborn in turn."

"And just yesterday, I felled another. Hevnoraak, who had a temple in the mountains between Falkreath and Markarth."

Deinmaar saw a man relax at those words, but Leonidas swiftly turned towards them, "Do not be relaxed, Jarl of Markarth. One of the mightiest Dragon Priests, Otar the Mad, has his temple exactly on the other side of the mountains north of your Hold."

And soon the Jarl of Markarth looked about to faint.

A youthful woman speaks up next, leaning forward on the table, "Are there any close to Solitude?"

Leonidas nods, "Two, to be exact." The woman instantly pales, "The Dragon Priest Vokun is the closest, buried in the High Gate Ruins. The other one is Volsung, buried in Volskygge."

"Then there is Morokei, buried within the ancient capital of the Dragon Kingdom, Bromjunaar, now known as Labyrinthian."

A tense quiet filled the air… Before Jarl Balgruuf breaks it, "And the last one…?" He questions.

Leonidas stares at him.

The Jarl pales profusely, "My friend…"

"Dinok, the mightiest of them all… Is sealed right beneath Whiterun."

The Jarls looked faint, with the Jarl of Whiterun most of all.

"You are not telling us this to terrify us." One of the Jarls spoke. Deinmaar turned to a man in a dark cloak, missing an arm.

"I am not, Jarl Ulfric." Leonidas answers with a nod. "I have a few things to handle in the coming days, but once I am done… Me, my friend here and the Dragonborn will go and deal with two of the Dragon Priests, and some of the other threats to Skyrim and her people."

"By the time we are done, only the Dragons and their lackeys will remain as our enemies."

Deinmaar smiles beneath his helmet. He liked this confidence and assurance his brother exuded.

He, of course, already knew of these threats Leonidas spoke off. The Undead told him about them not too long ago.

The resurrection of a powerful woman called Potema.

The vampires in a castle far into the waters.

And some of the Dragon Priests, of course.

The Jarl of Whiterun though had a complicated expression on his face, "Must you do everything?" That question was filled with worry. Worry for the man before him, and not worry for being unable to bask in that glory of those accomplishment.

"He isn't alone." Deinmaar speaks before he could realize, his voice loud and mighty, making all of the Jarls sit straight in his presence.

Jarl Balgruuf blinks, "You are…?"

The massive Atmoran bows his head in greeting, "I am known as Deinmaar, the former Dragon Priest of Justice."

Eyes widen as Leonidas chuckles and pats the Atmoran's arm, "He is one of the reasons the war was won back then. You can trust him, for I trust him with my life."

Those words meant more to Deinmaar than anyone within the hall could realize, with only Jarl Balgruuf visibly relaxing after hearing them.

"If you trust the man, then I do too. Whiterun welcomes you, Deinmaar." The Atmoran bows his head in thanks once more. The man felt more like a King than a Jarl, that he had to admit.

Clapping his hands loudly, Leonidas stood tall, "Could someone give me a map? I want to mark some areas for you all, and give you the area of a large treasury you can divide so to gain more funds."

Deinmaar barely held back a snort when the Jarls rushed to have someone bring Leonidas a map.

Soon, Leonidas completed the task he had wanted to do, then they left the Jarls to their tense meeting.

"They were very tense." Deinmaar muses as they walked down the steps outside of the grand castle, "Why did you not tell them about Alduin's defeat against us?"

Leonidas' steps never slow down as he walks, and he remains quiet, his gaze seemingly focused towards the imposing mountain that is High Hrothgar.

"It would have given them hope." The Undead finally answers after a while.

The Atmoran tilts his head, "And that is bad?"

"When it comes to Alduin? Yes." His friend answers, voice somber. "It'll give them hope that they may be able to stand against him as we did. That they may prevail like we did."

"But we got lucky, for we faced a weakened Alduin."

"While they will face an Alduin that will feast upon anyone and anything to regain his lost might."

Deinmaar, unfortunately, couldn't help but agree.

After all, he was told about the Prophecy. A Prophecy that never said anything about victory.

Just that everything rests upon the shoulders of the Dragonborn.

And that Leonidas hated it. Deeply.

"So, what do we do now?" The Atmoran asks, "Shall we prepare for… Saarthal, was it?"

It was time his brother was able to sleep and rest, after all.

But surprisingly, Leonidas shakes his head at his question. "Not yet. There is something we must do first."

"What is it?"

The Undead breathes in, then slowly comes to a stop.

"We are going to wake Kara up."

Deinmaar freezes.

For he knows that doing so…

Will cause the currently strongest Dragon upon Nirn to come for them.

And he was not going to be happy.



A.N. Had to deal with some taxes bullshit, and putting down plans to buy a house, and other things, which slowed down the release of this chapter.

Shoulda been out days ago, but alas… Apologies, me wonderful readers!

Either way, hope y'all enjoy this interlude.

Serana is drawing closer and closer!

Also… What do y'all think I've put in Saarthal?

The one who guesses correctly shall receive a ferocious headpat!

Now, I'ma go play Oblivion.

If y'all want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then feel free to hop on over to my and subscribe to the right Tier!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:BrendanS.A, Levky, Aschente and 873 others
Musashi-Chan
Jun 16, 2025
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 45 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jul 1, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,678
The stench of of smoke and burn flesh filled the air.

The skies had gone black, raining down burning meteors that left immense craters into the earth, while lightning rumbled across the Heavens.

Powerful claws stomped on the scorched terrain, the roars of Dragons filling the air as Alduin stood in the epicenter of a destroyed city.

As fast as they had come, they changed the landscape and claimed countless lives with laughable ease, and the Souls he harvested slowly returned his strength.

But it was slow. Far too slow.

It had taken him centuries to reach the level of might he wielded at his prime. Might that could ruin Nirn with laughable ease.

And now, he was forced to search for scraps. Now, he was forced to take part in the destruction like a barbarian, instead of leaving it to his subordinates.

He hated it. He hated all of it.

His baleful gaze flicked around the ruined landscape. This was the land where those damnable trees used to take root, wasn't it?

But now they were too busy being torn apart by his sisters, as he couldn't feel the presence of any of them so far.

He needed to regain his strength, and powerful Souls could do the job even faster, but… Why were all the mortals of this Era so weak? They felt… Crippled.

Where was the horrendous Magical might they once wielded? The powerful bodies they boasted?

Did they become complacent after achieving victory against his race?

That was so… Insulting. Humiliating.

This victory won't feel satisfying if he doesn't crush them at their mightiest.

He shakes away those thoughts with a growl as he sits upon the ruined land, taking in the sight of destruction with a somber look within his glowing red eyes.

Regaining his strength like this would surely be far too slow. The thought of visiting Sovngarde rushed through his mind, but Alduin swiftly squashed it.

He couldn't be killed on Nirn, but it would be different if he was in Sovngarde.

He could be unmade, and it would take him eons to fully come back from that.

He couldn't risk having the Dragonborn and her companions chase him there, especially with the lacking strength he currently wielded.

And especially when he barely had five-hundred Dragons under his current rule, compared to the more than ten-thousand he once had.

Hell, he even barely had five Dragon Sages following him, especially due to Odahviing having changed sides.

A growl flows past his mighty jaws, his claws flexing into the earth. He couldn't afford to bring back some of the fallen Great Sages, both because he did not have the strength to do so, but also because he could not make them bow and listen.

They'd try to overthrow him on the spot, those ambitious fools.

Worst of all… The other mighty forces that once occupied the continent north of Skyrim, the one known as Atmora… They were gone.

Slaughtered to the last one.

All the Dragons, all the Dragon Priests and Dragon Sages… And the three Great Sages that lived there.

Atmora held the second greatest force of Dragon-kind. An army of Dragons five-thousand strong and even more loyal Dragon Priests.

And yet there were all gone.

'It couldn't have been Konahriik… Nor Deinmaar…' The World-Eater thinks, a deep sigh leaving his jaws, as he knows that there is only one other being beside Konahriik that could have handled that army.

His own Dragon Priest. Dinok.

"Of course… You would obviously betray me for your sister, little one…"

If anyone were to gaze upon Alduin at this very moment, they would see a look of longing within the eyes of the feared World-Eater.

He still remembered their first meeting. Of that small, blind child fearlessly grabbing his tail as he walked through the temple.

And he… He did not toss her away. Or squash her like a bug.

Instead, he slowed his steps, and led her to where her sister was.

And that was the day Alduin met the one who he'd forever call his first and only friend.

Solomon.


~~XXX~~​


"Oh no, you're back already…" Aela slumps in defeat while Gretel cackles like the gremlin she is, forcing Hildr to stifle back a laugh and grip Gretel's head with one of her gloved hands.

"Don't worry, I'll keep an eye on her myself this time." The Huntress sagged her shoulders in relief before she gave Hildr her full attention, her eyes gliding up and down the one-eyed redheads curvaceous figure.

"Damn, girl…" Aela whistles at the sight before her, "Putting some weight on turned you into a beauty, huh? Trying to catch someone's attention?"

Hildr laughs, a faint dusting of red on her cheeks at the compliment and a light smile on her lips, "I guess I do." A bit behind her, Aurelia feels her eyebrow twitch. Just a little bit.

And for no reason. At all. Nuh-uh.

Gretel instead cackles once more, "Yeah, big sis wants that bone-" The child instantly shuts up when a fireball floats in front of her face, while the grip on her skull grew just a tiny bit tighter.

Aela's lips twitch in amusement at the sight, "Well, don't let me hold you ladies back. Go enjoy yourselves." And as she says that, Aela throws a very, very heated glance towards someone far behind the ladies, "I instead have a mountain that I will climb, if you'll excuse me."

Soon, the Huntress strutted off, hips swaying sensually as she made a beeline towards the giant that was Deinmaar, the handsome former Dragon Priest having his helmet off as he conversed with Leonidas and Farengar just outside Jorrvaskr.

Hildr barely holds back a snort at the sight, knowing very well that the Atmoran had only one woman in his heart. Aela failed before she could even start.

"Go grab yourself something to eat, Gretel." Hildr states, patting her younger sister on the head. The two sisters shared a quick and furtive glance, and the small child swiftly understood and skipped away, giving her older sister and Aurelia some alone time.

Sighing, Hildr runs her fingers through her long hair, a hint of worry flashing past her lone eye. She was nervous, not knowing how to bring up the issue or how to even handle it without causing a disaster.

She may not have spent as much time with Aurelia as she has with Leonidas, but Hildr still cherished her and their friendship deeply. The woman was still someone who had helped save and protect her little sister from those disgusting bastards back then.

And Hildr does not wish to destroy it all due to her feelings… But she also, for once in her life, wanted to do something that made her happy.

It felt silly, but she didn't wish to give up on her very first love. She didn't want to ignore what she felt towards the man that kept giving her more and more without care.

"Would you like something to eat too?" Hildr speaks up, wetting her dry lips as she turns to stare at Aurelia. The pale woman felt… Bigger. More imposing.

More dangerous. Like a real predator.

That fit, seeing that she was a Dragon in a human body. A Dragon that had started sharpening her fangs and spreading her wings.

Aurelia shakes her head, a faint smile on her pale yet glowing face, "I'm alright, for now." She answers softly, her long silver hair seemingly glowing under the light streaming in from. "So… You wanted to talk about something?"

Hildr hesitantly nods, then sighs and leads the way to a nearby empty table for privacy.

Settling down, both women shuffle nervously, avoiding each other's eyes for several long seconds before Hildr decides to just go straight for the jugular, "I like Leo." The redhead declares aloud, face faintly flushed red.

"And by like, I mean… I mean that I love him." Hildr breathes out before relaxing, while Aurelia instead had grown tense and firm.

The Dragonborn quivered in place, not knowing what to say. She had, for some reason, expected this to happen. Or even feared this outcome.

Leo was… Unique. His idiocy and silly personality had a special charisma that was attractive. But what she loved a lot about him was his maturity, which he kept hidden.

When he opened her eyes to her problems, that was the moment when she truly and fully fell for him.

"I love him too." Aurelia admits, a small smile on her face, "And I will fight for him, if I must."

Hildr chuckles at her words, surprising and confusing Aurelia, "That's the thing…" Hildr starts, a slightly shy and nervous look in her lone eye, "Why must we fight for him?"

Aurelia blinks at Hildr, and the redhead continues, "Can't we just both love him together?"

The Dragonborn's mind goes blank… And that's when Hildr delivers the final blow.

"I do swing the other way too, just so you know…" The redhead reveals, throwing a lecherous grin Aurelia's way.

The pale woman goes as red as a tomato, and she soon shrieks out an embarrassed "H-Hildr!", which makes the redhead burst out laughing. "B-By the Divines, you've spent too much time with that idiot…"

"That jealousy I hear in your voice?"

"Yes!"

Hildr laughs again, and Aurelia slowly relaxes, laughing nervously herself. "I… I don't know, Hildr…" The silver-haired woman sighs out finally, "I don't want this to come between us, but I also want us both to be happy."

The redhead nods with a soft, warm smile on her face, "Which is why I felt it right that I shared this with you." Her smile then grows much, much warmer, "Mostly because I know for a fact that Leo would never make one of us happy and leave the other sad."

Aurelia nodded, knowing well that Leo would indeed do such a thing. He'd most definitely reject the both of them out of fear of ruining what he had with the other one and make them sad.

"W-Would he… Even accept us both?" Aurelia nervously asks, not really opposed to the idea now.

Her gaze flicks towards Hildr, to her beautiful face, her supple lips, her large chest, her shapely hips, her wide behind- Aurelia furiously shakes her head, trying to make the burning on her face go away.

Hildr snorts, oblivious to her friend's internal thoughts, "He's a man, of course he wouldn't turn down two beautiful women wanting to share him." But the redhead soon shakes her head and sighs, "Not that he really cares about carnal desires right now…"

"He just needs us. The two of us." Hildr whispers softly, "I've… I've pulled him out of some nasty, dark thoughts quite a few times now. He is terrified but won't say it so to not worry me- Us."

"He's starting to slip away from us, and what happened recently is just further proof of it." Aurelia bites her lower lip, her eyes reddening in worry for the man she yearns for, "I am sure that right now, the two of us are the only reason he hasn't broken yet."

The Dragonborn bites her lower lip nearly hard enough to draw blood, "We need to go to Saarthal." While she knew that it wouldn't fix everything, being able to sleep once more will surely help Leonidas' mental state a great deal.

Hildr nods in agreement and slumps back, "On that we can agree." The redhead pauses, then throws Aurelia a soft and warm smile, "No hard feelings, then?"

Much to Hildr's surprise, Aurelia stands up and walks around the table, then takes a seat right beside the redhead… And brings her into a one-armed hug, "None at all." Aurelia admits, strangely finding her heart at ease with such a decision.

Mostly because she knew that Leo would love them both equally.

But also because- "We can help each other handle his idiocy now." Both women shudder and hug each other to seek comfort, "I dare not imagine what you went through these past months, Hildr…"

The redhead was close to crying as she thought about her past months with Leonidas at the college, "He terrorized the Archmage for entire months, attacked one of the Khajiit students constantly for 'turning him into an anti-unded nuke' or whatever…"

"And then the stupid things he keeps on saying…"

Hildr shudders and nearly sobs, then hugs Aurelia tightly, "I am glad that you are back!"

Aurelia nods, nearly sobbing herself, "We can share the pain now! Don't worry!"

Alas, just a bit behind them, Gretel came to a pause at the sight in front of her, a half-chewed sausage hanging from her mouth.

The child blinks, stares at the two hugging women, then narrowed her eyes in thought.

"Didn't know you two had the hots for each other." The Devil of Whiterun- Gretel points out after finishing the sausage she had gained through very legal means.

The two older women startled and pulled away from each other as they turned to glare at Gretel, faint flushes on their cheeks.

Gretel raises a lone brow at the stares, "What?"

Hildr narrows her lone eye before sighing, "Nothing, you brat. We were just bonding."

Aurelia nods rapidly, fixing her long hair while trying not to throw obvious glances towards Hildr's cleavage.

Gretel, obviously, saw it all.

"Shouldn't you do that kinda bonding in the bedroom, and with much less clothing?"

Gretel blinks, then stares at the horse-sized fireball floating above Hildr's head.

And the gremlin sneers, "You won't."

She was proven right when, in the next second, the fireball disappears.

Gretel smirks confidently… Until both Hildr and Aurelia pounce towards her with a cry of, "Tickle the little shit!"

Her squeals from the horrid torture could be heard all the way to Dragonsreach.


~~XXX~~​


"So far we have around a thousand soldiers geared up with Dragon-forged gear."

I stare down at the clearing were nearly two hundred men and women were training hard while wearing the heavy armor made out of Dragon scales and bones.

They were swinging their weapons, running around, and even fighting each other all so to get used to the weight.

"These ones are not Enchanted yet?" I ask the Court Mage, taking note of how the training soldiers were struggling with their movements and the armor.

Something that wouldn't happen if all the armor had the Enchantments tailor made from Kara placed upon them.

Farengar shakes his head with a sigh, "Unfortunately, not yet." He reaches up to rub two fingers against his temple, "While I am training some students, that will take time, so I am handling the Enchanting myself."

"But while Magicka recovers fast, it does get mentally and physically taxing after a while, so I can at most do five or six each day. So far, I've barely Enchanted around three-hundred suits of armor."

I hum at that, kind of having expected this result. Kara did tell me that Original Runes inflict a heavy mental burden – which I am somehow immune to – beside their immense Magicka requirement.

And the Original Runes, outfitted into a mighty array, that go on top of the suits of armor are quite advanced too.

The mere fact that Farengar can handle this strain both shows how hard he is pushing himself, but also shows that he is quite talented too.

"Still, it is a good choice to place the Enchantments on Dragon-forged gear." Deinmaar states from beside me, his enormous arms crossed before his chest. "Enchantments placed upon them never disappear, as the bodies of Dragons, even in death, constantly absorb the surrounding Magicka, thus keeping the Enchantments constantly active."

I stare at the giant Atmoran quietly… Because I am trying not to laugh.

Who knew that a beautiful lady could make this titan of a man flush and stutter when approached in such a direct way.

Aela just came up to us, purred at Deinmaar, said "I'd love to climb this sweaty mountain of muscles anytime, anywhere." Then she winked at him and walked away while swaying her hips.

And Deinmaar was left floored. Dude was gaping at the sheer audacity and at how forward the Companion was in her thirsty approach.

Never did I expect the mighty Deinmaar to actually blush from having a woman tell him that she wants to fuck him.

"I see, that explains it…" Farengar muses, bringing me out of my thoughts, "Such powerful Enchantments would run out within five seconds on any other piece of armor. I guess they can only last on such gear."

Obviously, else I doubt Kara would have made them so horrendously powerful.

And I believe she held back. A lot. Like, this was the weakest but also the strongest Enchantments that she could share, because anything stronger would have a far too enormous cost on the gear.

"Still, a thousand suits of armor isn't bad." I hum, though I do notice the faint… Disapproval in Deinmaar's eyes. That, and disappointment.

He clearly sees something lacking in the warriors below, and I believe I know what it is, and the reason for it.

The Eye of Magnus being sealed. Such a thing happened a little bit after Kara was sealed by Lah, but what caused it?

Either way, this caused Magic to slowly go on a constant decline compared to the Golden Era that was the Merethic Era, and the times of Shalidor and Kara.

Back then, the Mages were utterly horrifying, and some Dragon Priests are proof of that… But more than that, the sheer Magicka density from back then made even normal mortals bullshit strong in terms of pure physical might.

I wouldn't say that they were on par with Deinmaar, but they'd still be insanely strong compared to the warriors of this age.

I believe it works similar to my Reinforcement Spell. The sheer Magicka quantity within one's body naturally boosting their physical capabilities, the same way how the corpse of a powerful mage slowly gets frozen over time and becomes an Undead with insane durability and strength.

But while Skyrim now is still one of the places with the highest density of Magicka around, especially around Winterhold, it is not on the same level as during the Merethic Era.

Deinmaar himself confirmed this suspicion of mine a bit ago, when I asked.

Hence, the sealing of the Eye of Magnus basically crippled all of the races and slowly made them weaker and weaker, both in terms of Magical capabilities, magical studies, and physical prowess.

Was this intentional? Did someone purposefully do this so to cripple all the races?

Did they do so in order to give the Dragons a greater chance upon their return, or what?

"Just keep going like this. I'll see if I can bring you some support soon." I tell Farengar, receiving a grateful nod back as I look around – was that Odahviing that just flew away in the distance? - before relaxing.

I don't think I can ask Kara to just Enchant stuff for us once she is awake, but I'm sure she wouldn't mind giving some tips and instructions for others and writing them down.

And they will be even more valuable and helpful once the Eye of Magnus is freed, and the effects that once crippled everyone hopefully come off.

I do fear that even those that do not deserve this boost will gain it, though. Like the Thalmors, for example.

"How much time do you think we have?" Farengar asks softly, and I hum and cross my arms in thought.

"Alduin is weak. He won't be able to bring back the stronger side of his forces without fear that they won't try to usurp him." Which Alduin won't for, so he'll only bring back those that are weaker than him if they are dead.

"He'll want to rebuild his army of Dragon Priests too. Dragons can only act efficiently when they have smart and cunning Dragon Priests to advise them."

Deinmaar nods in agreement at my words, "That will take even longer. They won't just pick anyone, like in the past." Yeah, they'll look for cunning, greed for power, but also potential.

"So give or take, we have a whole year. Maybe a lot more." Which sounds wonderful, honestly. All I need now is just a month for me to settle all the other worrisome issues that plague Skyrim before I can fully focus on the Dragons.

Plus, apparently the giant Dragon from Falkreath has offered himself as a teacher for the Thu'um for a great deal of people from all the Holds.

That'll be an immense force, though it will take time to flourish. After all, they aren't like the Dragonborn, who can absorb the knowledge of Shouts from either dead Dragons, or from those who can share it and whisper the Word into the ground.

But they can meditate upon them still. In the end, it'll all be up to them.

"Brother." Deinmaar speaks up, and I hum to let him know that I am listening, "I have a… fear, that I wish to share."

I pause at that, then turn my head to give him my full attention, "The Holds… They are too divided. Too far apart." The Atmoran points out, and I sigh.

"You noticed that too, didn't you?" I slump my shoulders and palm my masked face while Farengar furrows his brows in confusion.

"What do you mean?"

I flex my hand, then sigh again, "Riften is just asking to be destroyed due to how isolated it is." I start, making the Court Mage blink… Then pale in cruel realization, "Solitude is just one good hit away from losing half the city due to where it was built."

Whose bright fucking idea was it to build a damn city and the Jarl's palace on top of that stupid ass spot? They are basically asking anyone to hit the rocky support below and bring down the damn thing.

"Dawnstar is close to the sea, same as Windhelm, which can make them easy to sweep away." Winterhold is fine- Or will be, once knowledge that the Great Sage of Knowledge basically protects that area.

I sigh again, then shake my head and turn towards Deinmaar, "Have you any idea how the Resistance back prepared for the war?" He should know, as I am fairly sure that he slaughtered the Dragon Priest Council a bit after the war started.

The giant Atmoran hums softly before answering, "They abandoned them." He states softly, "The cities, I mean. Their homes."

"At the time, they did not care about such things. Home and roads could be rebuilt, cities can be remade… But lost lives couldn't be brought back. They cared more about survival than their homes."

"So they picked easy to defend positions, or hid in the mountains, within caves. That is how the Rebellion managed to persist even though they had hundreds of Dragons hunting for them at all times."

Yeah, I initially thought as much, and now Deinmaar confirmed these thoughts of mine.

Back then, the war wasn't fought in open valleys, but it was all about ambushes. Dragons were led in a certain spot by abusing their pride and confidence, and those who had learned or created the Dragon Rend Shout caused them to crash down on the earth.

Where they would then be mauled to death by the Resistance. Swift and deadly attacks, calculated ambushes, and soon they started slaughtering Dragons left and right.

Hell, Odahviing himself admitted that he fell in battle against a mighty warrior who openly challenged him and achieved victory.

A lone man fought and killed a Dragon Sage, which is insane. Mad respect to that dude.

"We can't really use these plans though…" I sigh out, and Farengar nods with a displeased look on his face.

"Some would be very against losing their city… And the power they wield." Farengar states, and I gotta agree with him.

Still… "Tell them to still make plans for evacuating to the nearest Hold, just in case." I suggest, and he nods with a harsh frown on his face.

Riften and Solitude are the ones that will be easy to be destroyed. One good attack, and Solitude crumbles, while Riften is so isolated that few will notice its destruction.

And long-distance communication isn't available here either! Fuck!

"Think Balgruuf won't mind sharing the Dragon-forged gear?" I ask Farengar, who pauses and cups his chin in thought.

"The Jarl will look at the bigger picture, so he very likely will." The Court Mage muses before turning to me, "What do you suggest?"

I tap my armored fingers along my arms in thought, "One hundred suits of armors for each Hold, with ten Enchanted ones among them."

"If we can't arm everyone, then form elite units. Teams of ten, with the Captain being an experienced warrior wearing the Enchanted suit of armor."

It was the best outcome, by far. Elite units meant to draw the attention of the attacking Dragons.

With their weapons and armor, they won't be squishy and killable in just a few hits, and they'll be able to tear into the Dragons scales and flesh with greater ease.

"Could you procure me some papers for scrolls?" I suddenly ask Farengar, "I'll prepare an even greater batch of the weak and powerful Healing Spells I left for Whiterun, but for the other Holds this times."

Farengar pauses at that, a hint of worry appearing within his gaze, "...What if they abuse what we'll give them?"

I shrug, "Then I'll kill them." I state coldly and ruthlessly, "I don't have time to educate some ambitious brats, so they won't even get a chance to fuck around and find out."

Like with Ulfric, if anyone tries to cause more problems during such dire times, then I'll gladly remove the off the face of Nirn without shame or guilt.

The Court Mage chuckles, "I'll make sure the message is relayed, then." Straightening himself, the Mage throws one last look at the training troops before turning, "I'll have someone send you what you requested as soon as possible."

I nod and give the departing Court Mage a wave as he leaves, leaving me and Deinmaar alone with our thoughts.

"It hasn't started yet, but I already hate war." I sigh deeply, slumping my shoulders while Deinmaar pats one of them in support.

"You need to rest, Brother." The Atmoran states, "You've done all you can for now."

I hate to say it, but he is right. I can't forge, and I can't Enchant just yet other than making Scrolls.

Though… I can probably and very easily make a bullshit powerful Array using Terra Santa and place it around Whiterun. But that could affect Dinok and make her act, which is a whole other bag of problems.

I shake my head and push away those thoughts, then turn to leave, "Come on, let's go check on the ladies."

Hopefully Hildr is still alive and well and hasn't been maimed by a jealous Aurelia, no matter how cute and adorable it all would be.

I adore the both of them quite a bit, so I'd rather they get along with each other.

The walk back to Jorrvaskr is quiet but pleasant, as Deinmaar makes is quite the nice and calming company to have.

Reaching over to him, I give his back a strong pat, "I'm glad I got you by my side, buddy." My sincere words bring the giant to a pause, before he laughs softly.

"As am I, my friend."

The inside of Jorrvaskr is still as active as always. There's playful brawls going down, drunk folks singing and stumbling in place, all to celebrate their recent victory against the recent attack.

Hildr is easy to notice, occupying a small table with Gretel, with the both of them enjoying a hearty meal as we approach.

Though I pause when I notice the lack of a certain lovely woman.

"Where's Aurelia?"

Hildr blinks and wipes her mouth with the towel, then… She shrinks in on herself and averts her gaze. "Uh…"

"I kinda told her about that Potema chick…?"

I freeze… Then sigh deeply.

So it was Odahviing that I saw flying away a bit ago, wasn't it?

Well, I'm sure she'll be alright!


….​


The Devil.

The Devil itself was after her.

A Devil wielding Holy powers.

"Po~te~ma~!"

First those damnable Necromancers were trying to bind her to their will… Only for them to be slaughtered to the last one by the whirlwind of death that was the Devil.

And now… Now the Devil had somehow tracked her into her catacombs within Solitude.

"Where are you~?"

Why did this Devil sound so damn happy about hunting her?! About killing her?!

Were all Paladins of Arkay like this?! Had they gone nuts!?

"You know that Necromancy is bad, don't you~?" The Devil sang, humming a happy tune as her steps grew louder and louder… While Potema's skeleton hid behind a destroyed stone coffin. "You are a bad, bad girl for using it~!"

Potema shudders. She, the mighty Wolf Queen… Was cowering before this mad Paladin!

S-She just needed a chance! A sneak attack to turn the tides and eliminate her once and for all, then she can reclaim her might and rise to-

...Why did the Devil stop walking?

"So…" A voice speaks up. From right beside her. "From what are we hiding from?"

Slowly, Potema turns her head to stare at the Devil.

The pale silver-haired woman, hugging her legs while sitting on the ground, smiles brightly at the Wolf Queen.

The Wolf Queen whimpers. "...Mercy?"

Aurelia smiles.

Then stabs Dawnbreaker clean through Potema's skull.

"Fuck no!"

Thus, the Wolf Queen died once and for all.

In a very ignoble and pathetic way.


~~XXX~~​


"This is so damn cool…" I muse aloud as I hold the glowing Dragon Blade in my hands, formed from the use of the Fire Shout.

Aurelia giggles from her spot beside, having done away with her armor for a simple dress that hugged her curves wonderfully and just made me want to ravish her with my gaze alone. "These are just a prototype for now."

She points out, and I hum softly, turning the crystallized blade in my hand, "You still haven't found a way to make them more permanent?" I ask, and she shakes her head with an adorable pout.

"I can make them last four or five hits now, and I can't… Recharge them by using the same Shout again, only make another Dragon Blade." I hum at that. This was the technique of the Ansei, which is horrendously powerful.

And Aurelia went and somehow made it even greater than before, thought she is still testing the waters with this technique.

But just the fact that she was able to create such a thing is… Insane. And cool. "And you can turn any Shout into a Dragon Blade?"

She shakes her head, sending her free hair – seemingly glowing under the gentle moonlight from above – flying left and right. "Not all of them. Like the Whirlwind Shout, for example. Or the Clear Skies." I see, so perhaps even the Slow Time Shout can't be turned into a Dragon Blade.

"I'm sure you'll figure something out with time." I tell her, watching as the Dragon Blade shatters and fades away into nothing. "You've come a really long way, huh?"

Aurelia smiles. It is a dazzling, breathtaking and warm smile that makes me swoon, and would have made my chest hurt if I could feel it.

With a hum, she leans against my right side and rests her head on my shoulder, enjoying the view from the top of the walls of Whiterun. "I've worked really, really hard because I wanted to make a certain silly guy proud of me."

My hands flex into fists, but Aurelia doesn't stop talking, "Said silly guy also told me to discover who Aurelia really is… And I've done it."

"I like the scents carried by the wind during the morning… But I hate the scent of smoke."

"I hate apples and oranges, but I love potatoes."

"I love reading the letters from a certain someone… And I hated having to wait for them."

Her hand finds mine, and she takes it in hers while crossing our fingers. "I hated being apart from him. It felt like I was missing something. Something important."

"And I love being close to him. Hearing his voice. Having his presence beside me… Holding his hand, and resting my head on his shoulder."

Curse this fucking body.

I really, really fucking hate it.

"And I love how I feel like I can conquer the world when I am with him. I love the sense of security he brings. I love how he tries so hard to help everyone… But I hate how he won't let me share his burdens."

I sigh.

It was a long, shaky sigh. Somehow, my 'breath' trembled.

Hell, my hands are shaking too, it seems. How amusing.

...Fuck it.

"I love you." Aurelia goes still against me, freezing in place as she registers my words. "I have for quite a while now. Since we split up, I believe."

I release her hand so that I can wrap my arm around her and hold her close. She all but melts against me.

"I dare not imagine what I would have become had we not met in Bleak Falls Barrow." I hum, turning my gaze to the ocean of stars high above. All holes in Reality left by the departing creators of Nirn. "Would I still try to help others? Would I have lost myself after just a few days? I wonder…"

"But none of that happened, for I had a beautiful guiding light always with me, always occupying my thoughts… Always keeping me happy."

And that's why I didn't break, isn't it? Me being happy. Me having people by my side.

People who I do not wish to disappoint, people who I wish to protect, and people who I hold dear.

Aurelia, Hildr, Gretel… Even Deinmaar. I want to help that giant of a man be truly happy for once.

I want him to feel free. To finally let go of those chains that still cling to him due to his betrayal.

Maybe even help him achieve that dream of his. Where he could finally see a day where Dragons and the mortal races can live together and coexist happily.

Without the fear, without the servitude, the slavery, and the cruelty.

"I'm so happy right now…" Aurelia whispers, burying her face against my chest as she hugs me tightly, "But… What about Hildr?"

I hum softly at that, wrapping my arms around Aurelia so to hug her close. "You keep me sane. You are… An ideal, one I wish to follow. You are my guiding light, and I'll forever stick by you."

Then, I tilt my head, turning my gaze in a certain direction, where a certain woman was trying to sneakily listen in on us.

"Hildr instead… She keeps me focused. She makes sure to remind me that I am human, even with this horrid body of mine. Not just me… I think she'll start doing it to you too."

"Our bodies allow us to be unreasonably reckless, yet she won't let us get lost in that feeling, and she'll be there to keep us grounded. She is like… An anchor. A very beautiful anchor."

Aurelia hums softly, then pulls back, revealing her beautiful face glowing with a radiant, breathtaking smile. "I keep you sane… She keeps us Human." I nod at her words.

At least, that is how I view our dynamic. I can be totally wrong, of course!

"It fits her, doesn't it?" Aurelia hums, then nods with a warm smile.

She who refuses to lose herself to her transformation, is helping others remember that deep down, they are Humans.

Of course, that's when the little shit side of me decided to wake up, "Plus, isn't she insanely sexy?" Aurelia's eyes widen, before she notices me pointing in the direction of the closest empty watchtower, where the hidden Hildr barely managed to hold back a squeak from my words.

A cheeky grin appears on Aurelia's face the next second, "She is! Her chest is so huge! I'm kinda jealous…" Funnily enough, Aurelia actually doesn't sound jealous as she hides her giggles behind her head.

I nod my head in agreement, "Two lovely and huge melons… And she shows off that cleavage so confidently too!"

"A-And have you seen her butt?!" Aurelia cries out, her voice cracking from how much she is trying not to laugh, "It's so huge! I really wanna touch it-"

"Will you two fucking quit it?!"

"There she is!" I call out, pointing a finger towards the flushed redhead the moment she stands up and shows herself, making her eyes go wide in horror, "You aren't sneaky at all, woman!"

Aurelia giggles and leans aside so to look at Hildr, "Sorry!"

The redhead huffs and tosses her hair over her shoulder, "He is corrupting you, 'Relia." I'd cackle in delight at that, but instead just wave at Hildr to come closer.

She does so after a bit, shyly averting her gaze as she comes close before sitting down on my left side… Then leaning against me.

I wrap my other arm around her and hold her close, just like Aurelia, and they both melt against me… While I release a long breath, and find myself feeling… Strangely relaxed. Content, even.

I guess all the tension I was feeling due to pushing my feelings aside and fearing that they'd go to waste has finally gone away now.

I'm glad that the conversation between the two of them went well, and I am even more glad that I won't have to pick between one and lose the other.

Still…

"Leo." I hum and perk up, tilting my head towards Hildr, who gives me a warm and gentle look with her lone eye, "I know what you are thinking… And don't worry."

"You are giving us more than we could ever ask for." Aurelia perks up, then smiles and nods her head in agreement to Hildr's words.

"She's right." The silver-haired woman hums as she leans against my chest with a beautiful, happy smile that makes her face glow.

"You are more than enough, Leo."

I stare between the two beautiful women hugging me and sharing smug looks between themselves… Then sag my shoulders.

"Fuck me sideways… You two are going to gang up on me, aren't you?"

Their answer is a pair of adorable evil cackles as they high-five each other.

...Good thing I am dead, else they'd have already drained me dry by this point.


A.N. And the relationship finally sails off, after nearly fifty damn chapters and 250k plus words!

And Serana is gonna take even longer to join the harem, for obvious reasons due to her backstory.

Also, for those who might ask, Hildr and Aurelia will also fall for each other in due time.

Hope y'all enjoyed this chappy!

Things will pick back up soon!

If y'all want to read FIVE CHAPTERS ahead, then feel free to hop on over to my and subscribe to the right Tier!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Levky, Aschente, BrightLord36 and 824 others
Musashi-Chan
Jul 1, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 46 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Sep 17, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,734
Sorry for the wait, you fuckers!


I've been working on Patreon stuff this whole time, mainly an additional tier, for those who don't know already!

I've added another Tier, where one can read TEN CHAPTERS ahead instead of Five.

The price is double the previous one, which is basically because you get double chapters.

This isn't obligatory, of course! Chapters will still come out in public!

I am just doing this because i am buying a house, and paying for my mother's surgery, else i would have been satisfied with what i already made.

Any support is welcome, even just dropping a review on the chapters here, so don't feel pressured.

All the love this fic has been getting is already more than enough, honestly.


Now, go read the chappy, ya fuckers!

Toodles!​





A problem that arose after my Evolution was that my skills with Original Runes kinda took a step back.

My recent Evolution was… An anomaly. It wasn't normal, and it was somewhat forced by my fury and Sheogorath somehow hijacking the System momentarily.

Thus, all ten thousand plus Souls I had in reserve were used for my Evolution that only require a thousand, and each time I Evolve my Spells and everything else naturally grow quite a bit stronger.

This Evolution made the jump in power be equal to said Spells having Evolved too, hence their Original Runes that I once knew very well had changed a great deal, so I had to restart.

It wasn't really a problem, as I kinda find the Original Runes for my Spells easy to begin with… It is wielding said Original Runes that is now insanely hard.

Why? Because I have too much Magicka right now.

I am fairly sure that my current reserves are at least a hundred times – if not more – greater than my previous ones, which… Holy fuck.

Hence, my once fine control is kinda messy currently, and I pump too much Magicka into my Spells without meaning to.

Plus, Original Runes automatically absorb the surrounding Magicka, so add that to me pouring in even more without meaning to… And I could have nearly evaporated Whiterun by accident a few minutes ago.

So I instead put a hole in the cloudy sky above. A massive hole. One that swallowed Whiterun, the surrounding valley, and reached all the way to High Hrothgar.

"Think you could still bitch-slap that to the side?" I ask Deinmaar as I fiddle with the dark dragon scale in my hand fashioned into an eye-patch.

The titan of a man nods, sitting on the ground of Jorrvaskr's courtyard and enjoying the sun with his helmet off… While Gretel crawls and climbs all over him for some damn reason. "It would numb my hand, but I could still redirect it."

Yeah, I had no doubts. He might be weakened right now due to having stood still for thousands of year, but he is utterly overpowered at his prime.

I've slowly started to create a chart of where certain beings stand at in terms of power.

Deinmaar at his prime would stand at the very peak of power a Dragon Sage would have at their strongest. The gap between that and the level of a Great Sage is… Gargantuan, for sure.

Aurelia right now should be around the level of power of the weakest Dragon Sages, while I am probably somewhere in the middle tier, maybe touching the high tier.

According to Deinmaar, the Dragon Army may not have even a dozen Great Sages, but it has hundreds of Dragon Sages, which is still an immense force.

Then the likes of Konahriik, Dinok and even Kara stand among the ranks of the Great Sage… Though even those ranks have immense differences in power.

After all, Lah did butcher the previous strongest Great Sage without effort.

I think I'll reach Deinmaar's level either with another Evolution, or two more. Though I dare not guess what it'll take me to reach Kara's level.

Luckily, I kinda don't need Evolutions to hit hard and punch higher than my self-given ranking. My Spells are bullshit, and I can easily make them even more horrifying with laughable ease.

Plus, there are no Great Sages still alive that are super loyal to Alduin, and the World Eater is currently too weak to bring them back, and will be for a while, giving me and the others plenty of time to grow stronger.

...I should really find out how much stronger I am, though. I barely flexed my powers when I handled Hevnoraak, after all.

Though… I remember the System still has a special power. The power to change my Race- Or perhaps add the best of other Races on my spiritual or chemical make-up.

Or whatever it does to modify my Race.

I still have that power, which I haven't really explored. It is a bit sad that I can't do it with Dragons, but no other Race other than the Yokudans really interest me.

Now, if I had access to Races from other Universes, though… That'd be different.

"How are you feeling, by the way?" I ask the giant as another microscopic Original Rune settles on the eyepatch in my hands, slowly bringing the small Array I am practicing with to completion.

Deinmaar grunts, rolling one of his shoulders while Gretel sits on the other one, looking all proud that she climbed the mountains that are his muscles, "Lethargic and stiff."

I wince a bit at that, "Neither Magic or Potions can help with that, unfortunately." The Atmoran nods, scrunching up his nose in slight distaste.

"I just need some good physical exercise." He states after a bit, "Shouldn't take too long to go back to normal."

I hum softly as I lower my gaze. Maybe I should go Juggernaut and trade blows with him again? "I was going to offer a spar, but we kinda need a very destructible landscape for that."

We share a good laugh at that, "We already removed a small island off the maps, didn't we?" He points out, and I pause. Oh yeah, that temple of his!

"Yeah, let's not make that a habit…" I offer with a snort, which he quickly shares.

That's when Aurelia's voice reaches us from behind me, "Wait, what's actually the problem with Deinmaar?" I turn to stare at the beautiful woman, who… Should I consider her my girlfriend now?

I think I should. Huh. Now I'm feeling all giddy, kickin' my legs and shit.

Her and Hildr both. Gotta pat myself on the back for somehow pulling two incredible babes.

Both women wear radiant smiles on their faces as Aurelia brushes Hildr's eyes while the redhead sits ahead of her.

Hildr's hair always look perfect and well-brushed, but they are anything but, so Aurelia took it up as a challenge to try and tame that wild crimson mane.

"You remember how you struggled with controlling your strength after absorbing your first Dragon Soul?" I point out, and she perks up at that.

Honestly, I am also struggling with that right now due to my Evolution having enormously boosted those race modifications I did some time back that turned me into a frozen corpse.

"Oh, yeah…" Aurelia nods, then cutely tilts her head to the side, "And Deinmaar is struggling with that?"

The giant man makes a so-so gesture with one of his hands while the other stops Gretel from tumbling down his shoulder and putting her back on it, "I basically stood still for thousands upon thousands of years."

"All my years of experience mastering my strength and Magicka just… flowed away. Even my battle-honed instincts have gone dormant." His clawed fingers brush through his mane of black hair as he sighs deeply, "So I either hit hard, or I hit very, very hard… Which can only end badly."

Hildr whistles softly, "How strong are you, actually?"

The giant pauses for a second, then cups his chin in thought, "Uh…" He starts as his gaze flicks up north, "Are you aware of the road that leads from Dawnstart to Whiterun?"

I pause. Even Aurelia, Hildr and Gretel go still.

I barely hold back a snort, "You did fucking not."

Deinmaar's gaze grows sheepish, "I thought it was a good idea to add a shortcut through the mountains there…"

Gretel gapes at the Atmoran from her spot on his shoulder, "So you just… Fuckin' removed the mountains?"

Deinmaar nods, and I lose it, nearly falling off my chair from how hard the laughter hit me.

"Konahriik was not amused…" Deinmaar chuckles, a nostalgic look in his eyes, "Mostly because I swung my sword a little too hard and left a ravine where the road should have been…"

Hildr turns to give me a flat stare, "And you want to teach this guy Reinforcement?"

"Yup!" I dare not imagine how horrendously powerful this giant goofball is gonna be when he learns it.

Recovering my composure, I straighten myself with a few remnant chuckles escaping me. Luckily, the array I was placing on Hildr's eyepatch wasn't ruined, so I swiftly finish it right after.

A bright lime-green glow erupts out of the eyepatch for a split second before it calms down and goes back to normal, but now it radiates a powerful and constant healing aura.

"Huh, much easier than I expected." I muse to myself as I stare at my completed project. It ended up much stronger too due to the fact that the array is placed on one of Alduin's scales.

Even weakened, they are still of a far greater quality than any we have on hand.

I stand up and approach Hildr, who gives me a sweet smile as I brush the hair covering her scarred eye away. I put on her eyepatch and tie it well before pulling back and nodding.

Now, with this, I can be even more relaxed. I've basically given her a pocket Terra Santa, making her nigh-immortal with how powerful that Healing Spell is.

And that's when Gretel speaks up, "Can I have that on my knife too?"

I pause, then turn towards the red haired gremlin sitting on Deinmaar's shoulder, "You want a knife… That heals?"

Gretel's grin turns feral, "Infinite stabbies!"

She's a psycho…

"Fuck it, we ball. Gimme that knife."

"Leo, no!"

Hildr had to put me in a choke-hold to stop me from making the most dreadful knife in existence.

It's not like she's gonna use it on anyone of importance! Either way, Nazeem deserves it!

"Say… Have you been torturing Nazeem while I've been gone?"

Gretel pauses, a look of genuine confusion on her face. "Nazeem…?" She cutely tilts her head and scratches her chin – with her foot, mind you – while humming.

Then, realization hits.

"Oh shit…"

Hildr sighs and palms her face, "What did you do this time?"

Gretel giggles and shuffles in place, "I locked him in the sewers… A month ago."

"And forgot."

…

"I am so proud of you-"

I got put in a choke-hold again.

Is this what Molag Bal is experiencing right now?

~~XXX~~​

I am quite the vindictive person, despite the fact that I prefer being nice… When I don't bully people just to alleviate my boredom.

So when I am slighted, I of course make sure to return the favor.

Though, this time, I was mainly waiting so that a certain someone finally gave me a reason to erase him from reality.

Being a Thalmor is reason enough for me to kill the fucker, but I guess I kept him around for a while just to bully him and amuse myself. Until he wasn't needed anymore.

And now… Now it is time for sweet ol' Ancano to take a trip.

My steps carry me through the long hallway, a soft hum flowing past me as the ink-black darkness washes forth from my feet like a tidal wave.

Doors and windows vanished, and soon the whole hallway was shrouded in thick, impenetrable darkness.

Ancano's steps grow to a halt, the arms crossed behind his back slowly tensing up as he becomes aware of my humming and my approaching steps.

Each step was loud now. The darkness had turned the hallway into something akin to an echo chamber, making the sound grow louder and louder.

The Altmer slowly turns, golden skin very, very pale, and his eyes grow wide in horror.

Slowly, I raise a hand to where my lips should be and hold a single finger there. Ancano, like a good boy, does not make any noise.

"You know…" I start, my steps growing slower as I draw closer, "This world has a strange thing with things being seen… Sideways."

Another step, and Ancano quivers. His mouth opens, then hammers shut so hard that I am sure several of his feet were nearly pulverized from the impact.

Despite the darkness, he could still see my approaching form very well.

"Hell, the Psijic Endeavor is centered around such a thing." I keep going, voice cheerful as I take another step, "The Aurbis is a wheel, and Lorkhan had once traveled at the very end of it before looking back… And seeing it sideways, it appeared like a tall, imposing and infinite Tower."

Another step, and I reach up to remove my Mask. Ancano looks close to fainting from horror.

"If you manage to peer at the Tower, then you have reached the final stage of the Psijic Endeavor, called CHIM." The word, strangely, came out distorted and twisted, as if Reality itself was trying to stop it from being spoken into existence. "And, if you manage to maintain your individuality when peering at the Tower… Then you basically ascend to Godhood. I believe that is how Talos – you know, the God you refuse to admit actually exists – ascended back during the Second Era."

Another step, and now I am standing right in front of the trembling Ancano. His eyes were bloodshot, and he was suffering from a bad nosebleed too. What a shame.

"The Dwemer did it too, you know?" I hum aloud, "They grabbed the Heart of Lorkhan… And peered at it sideways. Then poof, they are all gone!"

I take another step forward, and stand right beside Ancano. One of my hands rises up and pats him on the shoulder, "So, I wonder…" I start, and his trembling head turns a bit, and his eyes look at me from the side-

"What happens if you were to look at me sideways?"

My hand falls.

The hall goes back to normal.

"Well…" I sigh softly, "That does answer some questions I've had, I guess."

Being Zero Sum really isn't a flashy affair, huh? He just ceased to exist, leaving nothing behind.

I shake my head with another deep sigh and place my mask back on, then tilt my head, "For how long have you been listening?" I ask aloud as I turn around, meeting the bright blue eyes of Kara.

The small, adorable woman stares at me quietly for several long and tense seconds, as if studying what makes me… Me. "What happened to you?"

That is the first thing she asks, and the slight tension in my shoulders melts when I hear the faint worry in her voice.

I look down and raise a hand to stare at the gauntlet covering my frozen skeleton, now cloaked in eternal darkness containing unimaginable horrors. "I fucked up." I answer after a bit, "And I got mad."

Kara approaches me without hesitation or fear, her feet gliding across the ground until she stops right in front of me to inspect the darkness cloaking my form. "Are you okay?"

If I could smile, I would. "I'm better right now." After those two confessed to me, and I opened my own heart to them… I do feel a lot better now.

Kara's blue eyes inspect me quiet for a bit longer, clear worry within them, "You can talk to me, if you need to."

I chuckle softly, "Thank you…" I state softly, "But I already feel bad that I am waking you up because it'll benefit me and others."

The minute woman's expressions softens, "You think I'd rather wiggle my toes while the world and country I live in is getting fucked up by some arrogant lizards?"

"Your husband is one of those lizards, you know."

"Watch your mouth! He is a very handsome, arrogant boy!"

I snort, then let out a soft laugh, "Man, I missed interacting with you." Kara grins, her freckled cheeks now adorned with adorable dimples.

Shaking my head, I pause momentarily before giving the woman a look, "What you heard me say… Please, do not ever think or ponder upon those things."

My voice is utterly serious, and Kara nods quietly soon after, allowing me to relax. She is an incredibly smart woman, so I know that she has already pieced things together and understood everything that I've said.

Though… I have to admit that I am surprised that someone like Kara has not achieved CHIM just yet during her life.

She and Lah dove deep into the inner workings of Magicka, of its effects upon Reality, and about how the Thu'Um and Magic woven together affected it all.

I am sure that she must've learned things from her countless years of experimenting and studying, especially since she still lived in what was the Golden Age of Magic, before the Eye of Magnus was sealed and caused the decline.

"How are you feeling?" Shaking away those thoughts, I ask that question to the minute woman now following after me.

Kara remains quiet for a bit, her face and eyes holding a multitude of different emotions before her lips part, "Excited. Nervous… And happy."

She breathes out, "I've missed him. So, so much." Her hand reaches up to rest above her chest, "So much that it hurts. A lot."

I hum, then sigh, "I'm sure he is hurting too, a lot. Especially considering the reason why he sealed you." I keep walking, only to stop when I notice that Kara isn't floating beside me anymore.

I turn, and see that she is a few steps behind, her eyes wide, "You know why he sealed me…?" She whispers, and I pause.

"You don't…?" How did she…? How the fuck did she not come to that conclusion?! I palm my mask with a nearly exasperated sigh, "For being one of the greatest Mages in existence, you really miss the easiest things, huh?"

Kara squeaks, her face having flushed slightly, "J-Just spit it out already, skelly boy!"

I snort softly, then shake my head, "Kara… Lah is immortal. You aren't." Her eyes widen, her mouth gapes… And she slowly, very slowly, starts to go pale in pure horror. "You were in your sixties when he sealed you, right?"

"He must've seen the effects aging was having on you… And couldn't bear it anymore." Kara quivers, "I think the thought of losing you permanently nearly broke Lah."

And so, he sealed her away without hesitation. Without consulting her.

Because he was terrified. Terrified that she'd refuse, or that she'd try to join him on his quest of finding a way to grant her a far greater lifespan, or something close to immortality, without the use of Necromancy.

"I-I see…" Kara pauses, then sniffs, "I'm still beating the shit outta him the moment I wake up."

"As is your right." I ain't getting between the marriage disputes of two insanely powerful beings. Nuh-uh.

"What are you going to do once you'll have your body back?" I couldn't help but ask that question.

"First of all, I'm gonna take one hell of a nice, hot bath." Kara sighs, nearly visibly drooling at the thought, "Then I'll probably move the College."

I pause at that. "Move… The College?"

Kara nods, as if what she said is a simple thing for her, "Yeah, it ain't good leaving it where it is." She huffs, then crosses her arms in thought, "Maybe I'll put it where the frozen and hollow mountain is and help build stuff that can take everyone down to Blackreach faster."

"Or maybe I'll move it close to Whiterun. Between it and Dawnstar." She shrugs after that, "I'll have to think about it more."

Yes, because picking up a whole fucking College and placing it somewhere else is normal.

...Right, she did grab a random mountain and put it down where she made the hole that goes all the way down to Blackreach.

"Though I do wanna make you my disciple." I pause, then turn to look at the grinning Kara, "You and those two girls of yours. Haven't seen such promising students in a long while!"

I… That would actually be amazing, not gonna lie. Being taught by someone with her knowledge? Yeah, count me in. "What about the other students and teachers of the College?"

Kara shrugs, "I'll give 'em one of the books I wrote." She waves off without care, "If they can't improve with those… Then teaching them myself would be a waste of time."

I guess she is right on that. Reinforcement isn't a really hard Spell to learn, yet the students and even some teachers struggled so much with learning it.

Hildr got it down in a few seconds, and Aurelia also learned it after just a few minutes of trying under Hildr's guidance.

If the Mages of the College, teachers and students alike, cannot improve even when studying from books Kara herself wrote… I guess they are kind-off hopeless.

"Come on, let us not keep your real body waiting." Moving down the hallway, I reach the staircase that brings me to the next floor.

From that one, I move in the direction of the Archmage quarters, where the others are already waiting for me.

Entering through the large doors, the ladies and Deinmaar turn to stare at me, together with Savos Aren. "Sorry for the wait." I start as I approach the group in the middle of the large circular room.

It is less a bedroom, and more just a personal library and study. Though what I am here for is the circular spot in the center of the room.

Right below Savos Aren's feet is a round and large dark-green plate. It resembles glass – or jade – at a glance, and looks completely normal and just there to reflect the light coming from the hole above it.

But in reality, it is an elevator. One that brings us to the bottom of the ocean floor, where Kara's secret library and room are. She built it before Shalidor passed, to keep secrets away from the old man who at the time was already going insane in his pursuit for knowledge.

"Leonidas." The Archmage nods at me in greeting, though there is clear confusion within his glowing eyes, "Your friends here said that you had something urgent to discuss?"

I nod, then motion for everyone to move and stand on the plate in the middle of the room. "I don't think there is a proper way to ease you into this knowledge, but… Shalidor had a daughter."

The green plate beneath us rumbles as Kara taps it twice with her foot, making thousands of microscopic Original Runes light up along its surface, startling the Archmage.

"She is, possibly, a Mage that put her father to shame." The minute woman throws me a sweet smile at that, which I'd reciprocate if I could, "And she was the second Archmage of the College… Until, she was sealed below the College by her own lover… A terrifyingly powerful Dragon, highly likely the current strongest Dragon on Nirn."

The plate descended fast, and I barely finished speaking before it reached the bottom.

And soon, it left us standing in an immense library. Thousands upon thousands of book, laying either upon tables, or on the ground, or in libraries.

There was also a small garden, now filled with long dead plants, right beside an Alchemy station.

But what attracted my attention pretty much instantly was the source of light of the library. A rather massive crystal. A Magicka Crystal, to be exact.

Possibly of the highest grade there is.

It was bigger than Deinmaar himself, and as large as a cart… And floating, right in the middle of it, was Kara herself. Her physical body, at least.

Savos Aren lets out a low breath at the sight, "To think that this was beneath us all this time…" I approach the crystal, and he slowly does the same, following after me.

Kara is already floating beside it, staring at herself with a look of… Longing, and worry.

She'll finally be able to sleep properly. Eat, bathe, talk with others. Be with the one she loves and yearns for once more, too.

She catches me staring, and I nod towards Savos Aren. She understands and floats towards him, then taps his forehead.

The man startles, blinks a few times, then finds himself staring at the floating Kara, and at her frozen body behind her. "Howdy, brat." I snort at her greeting, while Savos looks just about ready to faint.

"This… How…" And he has been broken.

"This is her Astral Projection." I inform the Dunmer, "It is how I became aware of her existence in the first place… She is a bit of a goofball, so be prepared."

Kara's mature response is to give me the middle finger. Which I reciprocate, but am forced to stop when Aurelia slaps the back of my head with a cute glare in her eyes.

"Daggah." We all pause.

Then, as one, turn to the Riekling that just fucking spawned in the middle of our group.

"Poopdaggah, how the fuck did you get here?" How is this little bastard so damn sneaky? Gretel even went off to look for him while we went ahead to the College, but he has been here the whole time.

Or has been stalking us the whole time.

"Daggah." Poopdaggah nods, staring in two different directions like always, while facing absolutely no one.

Yes, that totally answers my questions, you damn legend. "Anyway…" And he is gone again. "How do we do this, Kara?"

Kara shakes her head, having been quite disturbed by Poopdaggah's stealthy appearance. "Well… You just gotta break the damn thing." She finally sighs out and jabs a thumb towards the large crystal containing her body.

Deinmaar steps in front of it and raps his knuckles against it, causing what must've been close to millions of Original Runes to flare to existence all across the library.

Jesus… Overprotective much, Lah? How did his fat ass even fit in here?

"Won't it harm you, miss?" The giant Atmoran asks, and Kara swiftly shakes her head.

"Not in the physical way." The minute woman answers softly, "I've had time to study the Array placed and being kept active by the Magicka Crystal."

"Once broken, it'll basically jump-start my body so to activate my heartbeat." Turning to the side, Kara nods towards Hildr and Aurelia, "Hence why I'll need the two ladies to look after me. One to keep me warm, the other to constantly use Restoration Magic on me while doing chest compressions."

Finally, she turns to Savos Aren, "As for you… You'll need to activate the protective array around the College."

As she explains all of that, I keep staring at her real body inside the crystal. She looks… Different. Younger, youthful. Barely in her twenties.

No trace of age. Of white hair. Of wrinkles. Peculiar.

"Is something bad going to happen?" Savos asks, and I nod as I turn back around.

"Lah, her husband, will feel the seal being broken… And will storm back here, and very likely erase this part of Skyrim off the maps if we aren't careful enough."

The Archmage grows visibly nervous, "Will the Array even be able to hold him back?"

Kara snorts, "Fuck no." She laughs, "But it'll make him falter. My hubby abhors violence, so he won't act violently until he sees fit, even if he feels my seal being broken."

I hum at that, "And the Array will still take a considerable amount of force to shatter, which can still be lethal for the people living here." Kara nods, and I sigh, "How much time do you need?"

Turning around, her blue eyes glow as she glares at her real body, "A minute. As long as I can merge back with my body and snap awake for even a second, I'll be able to use my Magicka to pilot it like a puppet so to quell Lah, then I can focus on recovering."

As long as she'll be fine… And we won't be in danger of being atomized by a bullshit powerful Dragon.

"It is wise to keep Aurelia here too." I admit after a moment, "Lah might misunderstand if he sees the Dragonborn waiting for him."

Aurelia winces, then nods in agreement. He'll think we are using his wife as a way to lure him here and kill him, which won't be good.

Shaking my head, I clap my hands loudly, "Alright, I'll go and stand on the walls of Winterhold. Give me five minutes and then you all can start, alright?"

Kara nods and gives me a gentle gaze, "Be careful."

I give her a thumbs up as I walk back to the elevator to go back up top.

Luckily, I already have a way to make Lah listen… I just gotta hope that he'll give me time to start speaking.

...Fuck, Gretel is still in the city. She might try and stab Lah at first sight, that damn gremlin!

Well, let's hope she doesn't… Even if it'll be hilarious.

I just gotta rely on my Talk No Jutsu. The Talk No Jutsu I use the exasperate people, piss them off, or make them go crazy.

Yep, I am absolutely fucked!

And that, of course, is when the sky rumbled. There are no clouds in the sky right now.

...I barely reached the damn walls too.

I look up, and watch as the skies grow dark. Pitch black clouds appear in a split second, rumbling with catastrophic lightning.

No Shout, no nothing. Just pure fury affecting the world.

A bolt of lightning crashes down, but I flick my wrist and block it from pulverizing a house with a colossal Ward.

And that is when I lower my gaze and find a giant Dragon standing before the walls.

Royal blue scales with hints of gold, glistening like a metallic sheen. Golden eyes staring down at me, burning with immense yet restrained fury and worry.

Slowly, I cross my hands behind my back, "I would say it is a pleasure to finally meet you, Lah… But I can tell you aren't in a talking mood."

The Dragon lets out a low, long breath, and it felt like the entire world quivered in fear from it.

"I sense the Dragonborn." The mighty Great Saint rumbles out, his voice dignified and… Rather beautiful, I must admit. "If you dare use my Wife as a trap…"

"The Dragonborn is currently tending to Kara." Lah stills at my words, "But before that…"

Now, it is finally time to gamble. Lah is barely restraining himself, so…

"Are you aware that Kara has been awake this whole time?"

Lah instantly goes still. "...What?"

Fucking bingo.

"Her Astral Projection." I specify, and a pair of golden eyes slowly widen in mounting horror, "It woke up, free of her body, after you sealed her. She has been awake since then."

I don't need to say more, because I know Lah will understand.

The Astral Projection uses Magicka, but couldn't regenerate it. Slowly, but surely, Kara's gargantuan reserves started dwindling because she has been holding the projection since the First Era.

Thousands of years. That is a testament to just how much Magicka she has, and how careful she has been in not spending any.

"No…" Lah whispers, horrified, his gaze wandering towards the distant College, "No… I…" The mightiest Great Sage stumbles, not knowing what to say.

Honestly, it was all just very, very bad luck for him. Kara had left her body with her Astral Projection at the very moment Lah snapped and sealed her away.

This caused her Astral Projection to kind-of enter a short slumber before returning, and when Kara woke up, she found herself sealed… With her beloved gone.

"So, uh…" I reach up and rub the back of my neck, "She didn't say it, but… I think she's about to come and whoop your ass."

...Did Lah just fucking whimper…?

"...Can you tell her I've never been here…?" Don't laugh, Leo. Don't laugh. Just don't.

"She's just going to hunt you down, dude." I can believe this actually worked, and now I am looking at the mightiest Great Sage… Trembling on the spot, with his wings curled around him.

I guess Kara did mean it when she said that Lah is a sweetheart, huh?

"I can hide!" Lah stresses, and I chuckle softly.

"No, you can't." I pause. Because that wasn't me who just answered.

I turn my head and pause when I see Kara floating right beside me. Her real body, not her Astral Projection.

She is a bit pale, with bags under her eyes… But there is a very, very cruel smile on her face.

Lah whimpers and crouches low, like a terrified cat curling in on themselves, "D-Dear… You l-look as beautiful as ever!" He's fucking stuttering… Jesus Christ, Kara has this poor guy absolutely whipped.

"Keep the compliments coming, honey." Kara hums, clearly pleased, and Lah perks up- "You ain't getting laid until the end of the next century."

I cough into my fist- "Nobody believes you." Then cough again.

She turns a scathing glare towards me, "You shut the fuck up." I do so. For now.

"D-Dear, let me explain-"

"On your back." The ground shakes, and Lah is on his back, giant claws in the air.

I… What in the actual fuck.

Kara crosses her arms… Then smirks. It is a very perverted smirk.

"Now bark for me, you sexy cutie-"

"Okay, I am leaving."

What the fuck did I just unseal?!


A.N. I wondered if I should write a short fight between Lah and Leo…

But then I realized that, even after his recent immense power-up, that there is no conceivable way for Leo to last even two seconds against Lah.

So yeah, a quick talk-no-jutsu moment where he made Lah realize how he fucked up. And how fucked up he was.

Next chapter will be the start of the short-ish Saarthal Arc… Then Serana!

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my Patreon!


p at re on. com/ SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed it!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Levky, Aschente, BrightLord36 and 869 others
Musashi-Chan
Sep 17, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 47 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Oct 30, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,813
Kara's awakening is like causing a loud ruckus high up in the snowy mountains.

First, nothing. Then the avalanche makes itself known and threatens to sweep your ass along.

In this case, the avalanche swept the whole College without giving it a chance to resist.

For all of her playful personality, Kara is a woman of purpose and pure management skill.

Savos Aren swiftly stepped down as the Archmage of the College and was appointed as her assistant by Kara herself, and all the other Masters were swiftly gifted a book tailored for their skills.

Lah's presence quelled any possible questions or even complaints there might have been, especially when Kara announced that she'd pay the Holds a visit so to find possible students to recruit for the College.

She is like a storm, but one of change. Skyrim is her home, and she instantly showed how hard she was going to work in order to protect it, doing everything while she is still sick and recovering from her recent awakening.

Having her around instantly relieved a great deal of my worries, and it makes me think that Kara is doing it on purpose. Either as a way to repay me for my help in reuniting her and Lah, or just because.

Hence, since her return two days ago, the College has been constantly active and full of movement unlike the past few months.

It has been… Calming, so far. Relaxing, even. It allowed the others to finally calm down for a while after all the excitement of the recent days.

I hum, my gaze flying past the words on the Folium Discognitum while the clawed fingers of my free hand brushed through Gretel's messy hair as she napped on my lap with her head against my chest.

While in front of me the ladies are training under the watchful eye of Deinmaar, who sometimes coaches them both. Mostly Aurelia, since the two wield the same kind of weapon and have a similar fighting style.

I flick my gaze upward momentarily when another clash causes the training room to shake. Dawnbreaker slams against a white-hot flaming blade coating a slab of cracked obsidian dripping with lava, and wielding it is an equally armored knight.

Clad in roaring explosive flames and that pitch black slag, Hildr wielded a one-handed sword and used her Magic, plus Reinforcement, to work around Aurelia's pure physical might.

Using Smoke Magic to cut sight, using Fire Magic to create explosions so to drive off the blade backed by way too much strength. So on and so forth, all because Hildr is very creative in her methods.

The air in the room was also visibly twisting and warping due to Hildr subtly raising the heat through the training match, leaving Aurelia's face drenched in sweat, though it barely affected her that much.

It affected me more than her. I am trying to study here, but instead I am just… Staring. Yeah.

"I am starting to hate Fire Magic." Aurelia grumbles, letting out a loud huff while twirling Dawnbreaker, "With a passion."

Hildr tilts her head, her face covered by Rahgot's glowing mask, her long hair tied in a hair ponytail and cloaked in bright flames, "Aren't you a Fire Mage yourself?"

"I am a Holy Fire Mage!" The Dragonborn blows a raspberry at Hildr, who laughs at the pale beauty. "Ugh… Rahgot was nowhere near this level, I swear…"

From the side, Deinmaar nods in agreement, "He was never the best at Magic." The Atmoran states, gaze slightly distant, "He excelled more with the Thu'um."

Aurelia winces slightly at that, "Yeah, his Unrelenting Force Shout flattened a great deal of land outside Riften…"

Hildr whistles, her armor of obsidian and flames falling apart and dispersing, revealing her lovely form beneath, "His Mask is good, but it does take a bit of Magicka to keep it running." She states, removing the Artifact from her face, "Now I can handle it, but if it was when I first got it then I'd have barely been able to keep it active for five minutes."

"Dragon Priest Masks do tend to require quite a bit of Magicka to use." The former Dragon Priest points out, "In fact, even with my reserves, I still wouldn't be able to use Konahriik's Mask."

I perk up at that, "Seriously?" Deinmaar's red eyes flick towards me as he nods, "What the hell does that Mask even do?"

At that, the giant falters slightly, his face going slightly pale, "Ah, that…" He coughs into his fist to recover his composure, "When one becomes a Dragon Priest, they do a ritual where they place a part of themselves within a certain Mask."

"And that Mask is only worn by the High Priest, who always inherits the name 'Konahriik', which means Warlord."

"A 'Konahriik' is only appointed by Alduin himself. And as far as I am aware, only three people wielded that title before the Konahriik I know of."

So they must be some obscenely powerful individuals that gain the recognition of the World Eater himself, huh?

That's interesting.

"And what the Mask does is… It conjures phantoms of each Dragon Priest that has ever existed and has gone through the ritual."

Aurelia and Hildr audibly hiss at that, faces blanching in pure horror while I whistle at the reveal. That's… A literal pocket army of some of the strongest individuals in history.

It also means that the previous High Priests are also summoned by the Mask. Definitely much better than in the game.

Though, I believe that the Konahriik Mask in the game also had a small chance of summoning a Dragon Priest phantom, aside from its healing power.

Still, I wonder why Krosis reacted so badly when I brought Konahriik up. Had she already been declared a traitor and somehow disposed off by Alduin at the time, so she became a sort of taboo?

I am pulled out of my thoughts when the door to the training room opens, revealing Kara's minute form. She was still quite pale, but the bags under her eyes had disappeared by quite a bit. Another week or two and she should be back to normal.

"Good morning, boys and girls." The daughter of Shalidor yawns out, stretching her back and arms as she walks in, visibly looking like she just walked out of bed.

Hell, she is even wearing a white gown over her body, though what attract my gaze is Lah.

Or at least, his Astral Projection. Which is himself, but small enough that he can laze on top of Kara's head like a fat cat.

The mightiest Great Sage, some say.

A chorus of 'Good morning' ring out as we all greet the sleepy Archmage, who rubs her eyes a few times before inspecting the room, "What are you all training for?"

Aurelia sheathes Dawnbreaker with a smile and moves to support the woman, who refuses to just sit down and rest and instead keeps moving around.

Even Lah tried to make her rest, but Kara just glared at him and the big guy went quiet and audibly whimpered.

"I was helping Hildr test out Rahgot's Mask." The pale beauty informs Kara, who hums sleepily as she is led to the bench me and Gretel are on.

At that, Lah stirs from his spot within Kara's wild hair, his small Dragon head popping up out of the curls, "I believe it was a suit of flaming armor, yes?"

Hildr nods, twirling the Mask in her grasp with a satisfied smile, "Yes. It makes having learned swordsmanship in my youth worth it."

I tilt my head at that, "I didn't even know you knew how to wield a sword."

Her lone eye throws a flat stare my way, "We are in Skyrim. You either learn how to wield a weapon, or how to throw a punch. Or both." Yeah, that's my bad. It was a stupid question.

Kara yawns again from beside me before a warm smile spreads across her face at the sight of Gretel napping on my lap, "So, when are you folks going to Saarthal?"

I shrug softly at her question, "Soon. Probably later today or tomorrow." I drawl out, "While I am still nervous about what we'll find there, I know we can handle it." Especially since I'll have Deinmaar and Aurelia with me. Not that Hildr is to be underestimated.

"Me and Lah will be here in case you need support, so don't worry too much." Kara reassures with a pat on my shoulder, making me chuckle softly.

Having her and Lah on my side really dashed away a great deal of worries I had for the future.

"Speaking off…" Deinmaar suddenly speaks up, and turns his attention towards Lah's Astral Projection, "Sage Lah, do you perhaps know how many Dragons Alduin has currently under his rule?"

The Great Sage perks up, then tilts his head in thought, "Roughly three hundred or so, last time I checked. A dozen of them were Sages."

Deinmaar crosses his arms with a hum, "Not too bad, but not too great either." The good thing is that we still have time on our side. He is too weak to bring back Great Sages and keeping them under his control.

Plus, his recent defeat to us most definitely is still causing him problems.

"The majority of Dragon corpses are buried beneath Skyrim's soil and beneath its waters." Lah rumbles out, closing his eyes and cuddling himself deeper into Kara's curly hair, "My presence here will be deterrent enough for Alduin. It shall keep him from bringing back thousands of Dragons."

I hum and turns towards the Dragon, "I sense a 'But' coming."

The Great Sage nods, "Once his strength reaches a certain point, he won't need to be close to the corpses to bring them back." He reveals, sending visible chills down the spines of the others, "His Thu'Um will reach across Mundus itself to bring his kin back."

"The moment Alduin reaches my levels of power is the moment the true World Eater shall reveal himself."

I flex the hand holding the book, causing my frozen bones to audibly crack, "Hence why going to Saarthal is important. We need to undo what crippled all the Mages across the world."

So that, hopefully, they can offer a greater fighting chance against what is to come.

A part of me does not wish to have the Thalmor gain this boon, but honestly? If they start any bullshit, I'll just go and take a trip to their land and turn it into a frozen landscape.

"Yeah, we need a lot of Restoration Mages." Kara drawls out, fighting back another yawn as she rubs her with her fingers, "I'll work hard to spread simple Healing Spells. A group of capable Healers in each Hold is a must."

Kara is handling the return of Magic, while Julspaan is handling the return of the Thu'um.

Skyrim will soon slowly return to being that horrifying powerhouse it used to be during the Merethic Era.

"You could ask the Emperor for assistance too. He is in still in Whiterun, I believe." Aurelia states, and I pause at that.

"The Emperor is in Whiterun…?" Aurelia flinches, then gives me an adorable smile.

"Sorry, I kept it hidden from you on purpose."

I gasp. It is a very horrified, and hurt gasp. "How could you..."

Hildr snorts, "Jarl Balgruuf basically begged us to keep it a secret."

"You betrayed me too!?"

Aurelia's lips twitch as she fights back a smile, "Leo, we can't have you go and start some kind of national incident just because you wanted to amuse yourself."

"Bah, body-slamming the Emperor through a table ain't a national incident!"

Kara audibly cackles at my words.

"Brother…" Deinmaar asks, nearly gaping at me, "Would you have truly done that?"

"Without an ounce of hesitation." Is my instantaneous answer.

Hildr snorts again and gives Deinmaar a look, "Told ya we had to keep it a secret."

Another horrified gasp flows out of me at the reveal of Deinmaar- "Yeah, I can always expect Deinmaar to protect others from me."

"I shouldn't have to, brother…"

"I'm keeping your life interesting, ain't I?" The giant Atmoran can only sigh and palm his face just to hide his grin.

"By the Eight, I adore you guys…" Kara laughs, leaning back against the wall with a low hum and satisfied smile, "Watcha reading there, by the way?"

I look at the Daedric Book, where lines of words moved so they were right in front of my gaze, and were always what I wanted to read. After all this time, I truly believe that Sheogorath gifted me this book and removed the Monkey Paw aspect of it.

Having this drove others to insanity. And while I am sure I am going insane little by little, I know it isn't because of the book.

"I am trying to reverse engineer your pops famed 'Shalidor's Mirror'." I inform her, bring Kara to a pause.

I half expected her to blow up, but instead she narrows her eyes in confusion, "Shalidor's Mirror… Is it the Ward that reflects Spells?" I nod, slowly. She sniffs, "Right, can't ever tell with his shitty Spell names…"

I tilt my head at that, "...What do you mean?"

Lah is the one who answers, and his voice sounded like he was holding back his laughter, "Shalidor would always place his name within his Spells. Shalidor's Fireball, Shalidor's Healing, so on and so forth."

I snap the book shut and hold it against my forehead while Hildr is looking downright horrified at the reveal.

The creator of the College of Winterhold gave his Spells absolutely cringe names. Fascinating.

"Shitty names aside…" Kara snorts, "Why do you wanna learn that Spell?"

I shrug again, "It's powerful, but I also wish to turn it into an Array that can be placed around each Hold."

Skyrim is brimming with Magicka, so placing powerful Arrays around each Hold is entirely possible, and they can sustain themselves off the Magicka naturally present in the atmosphere.

Thing is, I want the Arrays to be very, very powerful and nigh-impenetrable. Boosting, healing, protection, all the good stuff in one package.

Lah sits up on Kara's head at my words, his golden eyes glowing with interest, "A fascinating idea indeed… Though it won't help against the Thu'um, since it is not Magic."

I nod in agreement, "Hence why I want to reverse engineer it and change it." A single Dragon Soul should be more than enough, I believe. "Turn it into an Array that can protect against both."

Lah hums, clearly very fascinated and interested to the idea, "This used to be one of our old projects, was it not? Finding a way to protect against the Thu'um with Magic." He questions, turning his gaze down to his lover, who perks up with a warm smile on her tired face.

"Yeah…" Kara sighs out, visibly nostalgic as Lah winces softly, guilt filling his gaze, "I think we put it aside for… What was it again?"

"Using Wards for physical harm, I believe."

Okay, what?

"Oh, yeah!" Kara perks up, a feral grin on her face, "I enjoyed beating the shit outta that two-bit Mage with a hammer-shaped Ward!"

She pauses when she notices our stares, "What? He said I couldn't do it, so I did. And broke his knee-caps with the fuckin' thing."

I sigh and raise my hand towards her, and Kara swiftly grins and gives me a high-five, "I am so happy to have you around…" I nearly sob, making her cackle as Lah huffs out in amusement.

Fighting back against another yawn, Kara shakes her head, "Right, me and my hubby decided on something." She starts, "Once the whole Saarthal thing is over and done with? You folks are becoming our students. For both Magicka and the Thu'um."

Hildr and Aurelia perk up at that, with Hildr looking downright ecstatic at the reveal, her lone eye glowing with happiness.

Deinmaar instead tilts his head in confusion, "I am not much of a Mage though…" He points out, earning a faint chuckle from the Great Sage chilling on Kara's head.

"I shall still try, but I will mostly focus on your Thu'um. Is it still as mighty as it used to be in the past, or have the years dulled it?" Oh right, Deinmaar never used the Thu'um in our fight. Neither against me, nor against Alduin.

"I guess I do need some training myself…" Deinmaar sighs out with a smile, earning a nod of approval from the Great Sage.

Now I really want to see what Deinmaar at his most powerful is capable off… Though it is best not to experience that anywhere near civilization.

"I will have to do something else right after Saarthal, though…" I muse aloud, tapping the Daedric Book on my leg in though.

Aurelia perks up at that, "Is it that… Serana thing?" I nod, and give her a playful kick when she throws a cute pout and glare my way, trying and failing to act jealous.

"Who is that?" Kara questions, and I hum. How much should I reveal about her past?

"A vampire that was sealed away with an Elder Scroll during the early Second Era." I start, making Lah perk up at the mention of the Elder Scroll, "Her father is also a Vampire. Powerful and crazy one at that, and he has a group of vampires hiding away in a castle slightly north of Solitude, far into the waters."

The Great Sage narrows his gaze towards me, "Why does a Vampire desire an Elder Scroll?"

"Because of Auri-El's Bow." Lah instantly sits up on Kara's head.

"Father's Divine Artifact!?" The Great Sage growls out, "A filthy maggot of Molag Bar dares to covet it?!"

Kara has to reach up and pull Lah in her embrace to quell his rising rage. Though he also did confirm that Auri-El and Akatosh are the same being.

Guess it is probably the same thing as the Greeks and Romans. Same Gods, different civilization, different names.

"He wishes to acquire it, drench its arrows in the blood of a Pure Vampire, and shoot them at the Sun so to create eternal night." Lah's growl shows just how furious he is at the prospect of having an impure being sully the Artifact of his Father.

Hell, he might even go and pay Harkon a visit himself and leave behind another tunnel to Blackreach.

"Do we need the Elder Scroll to find Father's bow?" Lah questions, and I shake my head, surprising and delighting him at the same time.

"There is a lost Snow Elf civilization to the west of Skyrim, far into the snowy mountains." I point out, and Deinmaar perks up too, "There is a temple there, guarded by a Snow Elf Vampire who created the whole 'prophecy' that made the Vampires about this whole 'covering the Sun' thing."

Lah flares his nostrils, "I will come with you, so that I can have words with that filth." I chuckle and give the Great Sage a thumbs up, before perking up when I remember about the existence of another Artifact within the Forgotten Vale.

"Right, Auri-El's Shield should also be there?" I muse aloud. In the game, the player will find a Falmer wielding the Shield in a secluded spot. Easy to miss.

It was actually quite powerful too, I think? Able to absorb and return damage, if I remember right.

The Great Sage hums softly, "It is possible that Father's armor and sword are there too, in fact." He points out, mostly to himself, before shaking his head and giving me a grateful look, "You have my thanks for making me aware of this."

I wave off his thanks with a chuckle, "I'm just removing mild concerns so that we can focus on the Dragons."

Kara snorts, "I really want to know how you know all this stuff." She states, then throws me a look, "Any other super powerful artifact that you know the location off?" She teases with a grin.

Said grin falters when I nod without shame a second later. "I know where the Oghma Infinium is."

Absolute silence.

Hildr, Lah and Kara are all gaping at me.

And then they are on me, shaking me wildly – or biting and pulling at my hood while flapping their wings, when it comes to Lah – and waking up poor Gretel in the process, "You know where the book of Xarxes is!? The book written by the 'Ageless One'?!"

I cackle at their sheer panic, desire and hysteria, then notice that Aurelia is very confused, so… "Xarxes is the Elven variant of Arkay, my dear!" I point out.

And a second later she is shaking me harder than all the others, and my cackles grow even louder.

"Oh man, you're gonna be so mad when you learn where it is…" I state through my laughter while staring at Kara, who grows pale and fearful.

"Where is it…?"

I hold back another cackle as I answer, "Oh, just north of here, and west of The Chill. Buried in a large box on a small island."

Kara and Lah nearly start sobbing on the spot while Hildr is unresponsive. Poor cutie, she broke.

"What did I miss…?" Gretel questions as she yawns in her small hand, looking around with sleepy eyes as she does so.

I go to answer, but someone beats me to it, "Daggah." I pause. We all do. Then we all look to my right.

And there, sitting right beside me, is Poopdaggah. Scratching his back using my Folium Discognitum.

Surprisingly enough, Lah is the one to snap.

"How the fuck did he get here without me noticing…?"

Poopdaggah's wise answer is a very loud and long fart.

It took Kara, Aurelia and Deinmaar to stop Lah from tearing the Riekling apart.


….​


"I found it."

My feet come to a stop, the snow crunching below my boots as I stare at the glowing white valley.

Lah flaps his wings, clearing away the snow that had gathered around the old excavation site, which was abandoned around the time the Falmer showed themselves in Winterhold.

Now that all resources are being put in the elevator to Blackreach, this site has mostly been forgotten. Not that they had gone that deep.

"Saarthal is below us, brother?" Deinmaar questions, gazing around the pit that is the old excavation site.

"Yeah…" I answer, stretching my Mind's Eye as wide and as deep as possible, until I find it. Or at least, I find something. "You sense it too, Lah?"

The Great Sage hums, golden eyes out of focus, "Indeed… That is a Pocket Dimension."

Below me, roughly two dozen meters deep underground, is a massive sphere of absolutely nothing.

I know it's there. I know it's massive. My Mind's Eye just can't penetrate within it.

A Pocket Dimension… The only one I know that can do such a thing is Shalidor. Perhaps Kara can too, but she hasn't bothered to have one for herself.

"It is an enormous one, at that." Lah muses softly, "Are you sure you still wish to go? A mage of terrifying capabilities might be waiting for you."

I sigh softly, "We have to, unfortunately." I am tired. I really, really want to sleep. I want to sleep so badly.

"They'll be alright, love." Kara reassures, reaching down to pat Lah's scales from her spot on his head, "We'll be here just in case, after all."

Lah relents and nods, "Then best of luck, my friends."

I breathe in, then step forward so to look down the excavation site. My right hand stretches out, and space warps and whines as a miniature star rumbles to life within my palm.

Since I've evolved, my Draconian Howl has become truly horrifying. So might as well use it to make a tunnel down to Saarthal.

The valley rumbles as a sonic-boom blooms forth, a localized earthquake shaking below my feet as the Spell hammers into the earth and digs deep below.

I freeze the tunnel created so to not let it collapse, then use another Draconian Howl so to finally reach the wall of Nothing I feel with my Mind's Eye.

Once done, I let my arm fall by my side and turn to look at the group. Deinmaar, Hildr and Aurelia.

Gretel is with Poopdaggah back at the College so that they are safe, as Poopdaggah is sort-of acting as her bodyguard. A very sneaky and ugly bodyguard.

"Everyone ready?" I ask, receiving tense but eager nods in turn. Aurelia and Hildr are clearly very happy that they'll soon help me take a much needed rest.

Once that is done, I'll spend plenty of time with them. As is right.

"Alright then…" I turn towards Kara, who is looking much better compared to yesterday, and give her a thumb's up, "We'll be going then!"

She smiles and waves at us as we descend into the excavation site, and into the frozen tunnel I dug into the earth.

The walk is quiet, but also tense, as we do not know what we'll be facing. But it is also something that we are doing for me, and for a Daedric Prince.

Deinmaar is mostly tense because this used to be the home his people built when they landed in Skyrim. I guess he wishes to learn more about the culture of his people.

And soon, we reach it. The wall of Nothing. A wall of darkness that did not shift, did not move nor reflect light. It just remained there.

Slowly, I reach out with my hand and watch it phase through the darkness. "Looks like we can walk through…" I turn my head towards Aurelia and Hildr, "Hold each other, just in case we get separated."

They nod and hold each other's hands as I step forward with Deinmaar, then walk through the wall of darkness without a second of hesitation.

Darkness turns into radiant light in a split second, forcing me to pause and… Take in the city around me.

The still standing city. Tall buildings, long roads, no sight of ruins or the effects of time on a city that was slaughtered to the last.

Deinmaar is nowhere to be seen as I stand in the empty street by myself, telling me that we've been separated, so I-…

I feel my hands go slack as I stare up, at the colossal object floating above the city, bound in massive chains that disappear into space itself.

The Eye of Magnus. It floated there, above me, nearly as tall as a mountain, with ancient glowing golden runes inscribed on it.

Gargantuan amounts of jade-colored Magicka overflow out of the sphere bound in chains of the same color, the golden runes upon the Artifact seemingly being copied on the chains that bind it.

There are five chains in total, with four of them stretching out in each cardinal direction and digging into Reality itself, while the last one was attached to the bottom of the Eye of Magnus and went downward, to somewhere deeper into the city.

There is so much Magicka here that I can't even use Mind's Eye…

I don't bother studying the tall buildings around me, or the road, or my surroundings. I start walking so to instantly reach the bottom of the Eye of Magnus, not willing to waste time.

The other will very likely head there too, so it is the best option to reunite with everyone.

Yet, my feet slowly come to a stop. I don't know why.

I turn my head to the street to my right, and the sheer silence allows me to hear it. Humming.

I glance at the Eye of Magnus one last time… Before walking away from it and towards the humming.

I walk past two large buildings, the doors tall and the windows wide, before the road keeps going right beside a large park.

Tall trees with fruits on them, tall green grass, and pond with fishes in them right in the middle of the large park.

Games for children, chairs and tables for people, and a clear view of the sky and the surrounding city.

And beside the pond, feeding the fishes, was a hunched over old man draped in a dark, dusty cloak. The source of the humming.

His shaky hand kept tossing feed to the fishes, his pale eyes staring into nothing, a small smile plastered on his aged, wrinkly face and hidden slightly by his long white beard and hair.

My approach brings the old man to a short pause, "Ah…" He starts, voice raspy and rough, "It has been long since this place received guests."

His other hand grabs the staff at his side, which he uses to support his aged body and turn towards me, his pale eyes meeting my own. "An Undead, I see…" His gaze then flicks to the side, "The Dragonborn… One of Hircine's… And an Atmoran too…"

His staff clicks on the ground below him as he turns to stare at me, "What might you all be here for, hm~?"

I don't answer, and just keep staring at him.

There's no way. It cannot be.

Yet… This has to be him.

"It is a pleasure to meet you…" I start, and the old man lift his head higher, "Ahzidal."

The hand clutching his cane stops shaking.

His hunched over body straightens itself without problem.

His pale eyes focus.

And the Embittered Destroyer stops his act.

"Ah…" The ancient Nord and greatest Enchanter in history starts, sighing low, "I really, really hate that name." He states with a smile. It is not a warm smile.

Then, he moves.

His staff cuts through the air.

The park evaporates as the old man blooms with heat akin to an exploding Nuclear Bomb.

So I answer in kind, and the darkness clinging to me expands forth as if the Sun suddenly started shooting down the horizon.

Billions of eyes peek open from within the abyss.

Millions of voracious snapping jaws reach for the ancient Mage.

And tens of thousands of demented howls herald the coming of the Asylums within Saarthal.


….​


The sudden change of light blinded him momentarily, forcing Deinmaar to cover his vision with his massive arm for but a moment.

Then, when he came to, he found himself standing in an empty street.

His gaze moved upward first, where a colossal sphere lay bound in chains. His brother's target. It looked very close, just a leap away.

Yet Deinmaar did not jump towards it instantly, instead, he focused on the chain at the bottom. The closest to him.

It went downward, towards a large palace in the distance, right at the end of the road he was standing on.

Deinmaar started to move towards it, but faltered the next second. Not only because he noticed he was alone and away from the others, but also because his gaze strayed towards the surrounding buildings.

Tall doors – to match his build and height – and wide windows. Tall and wide buildings, made so the rain would flow down from the roof instead of gather, freeze and weight it down.

His gauntlet-clad hand brushed against the stone making up the closest building. Bright red bricks stacked on top of each other, some painted on for different colors, each home a certain distance away from the other so to create space between them.

So this was how his people used to live after coming from Atmora?

He almost could hear it. The playful laughter of children as they played outside their homes with their friends, as they ran around knowing that their mothers would watch after them from the windows, a hearty meal being prepared once they returned home, tired but happy.

And he could almost see it too. His dream. Building made to hold the weight of Dragons, so that they could nap on them while basking in the Sun, or use them to watch the children play below.

Where they could reach down with their long necks and snatch the food offered through the window.

Where they would make sure nobody harms the children.

That was the dream he and Konahriik worked so hard to achieve, and yet…

Deinmaar sighs deeply, then moves forward with purpose. It is still possible. It has to be.

A Human and a Dov love each other. A Dov seeks to protect the mortal races.

They cannot be unique cases. There surely are more Dragons like Lah and Julspaan.

His steps are heavy, his shoulders squared, and his eyes burning with determination.

But his dream aside, now he had to help his brother. Repay him for opening his eyes and giving him hope once more.

Deinmaar walked down the street and towards the distant chain. He walked past open gates and into the large courtyard of a palace meant for the ruler of the city.

The palace stood at the same level as the rest of the city, instead of being high above. It told Deinmaar that the ruler of this city did not wish to look down on his people.

The chain drew closer and closer, until only a set of large gates stood between it and Deinmaar, so his large hands slammed against the massive gate and slowly pushed it open.

A gush of Magicka flowed against him and through the opened gates, but Deinmaar ignored it all and pushed through, walking through the gale of Magicka until he the chain stood before him.

Yet… Between him and the chain lay a throne. A massive throne.

A sitting upon it was a man clad in heavy dark armor made out of Ebony.

A long cape, a long beard of gray hair, and a helmet that stretched upward in what appeared to be two small Dragon Heads.

The man upon the throne slowly blinks his burning red eyes open, looks at Deinmaar up and down, then stands.

And for the first time in his life, Deinmaar has to look up to meet someone's gaze.

"Hm…" The titan of a man hums as he studies Deinmaar, "A young Atmoran stands before me once more. Surprising." The man's voice was deep. Powerful.

It sent tremors down Deinmaar's spine and made goosebumps rise all over him.

This man was powerful. His instincts screamed at him.

"What's your name, boy?" The titan asks, and Deinmaar gulps deeply.

"Deinmaar." The man that sat upon the throne hums deeply.

"Deinmaar… Guardian, huh?" The older man tested the word, then shrugged his shoulder, "What are you the guardian off then, boy?"

The man bearing the title Deinmaar pauses, and his eyes become lost.

And the titan before him sniffs.

Then punches Deinmaar in the stomach.

The blow shook the entire palace. The shock-wave ensuing from that swift, casual strike ripped the stone below their feet asunder, and Deinmaar forced out a gasp of pain as he was bent over that muscular arm, then shot down the street like a cannonball with laughable ease.

Buildings exploded a second after his form flew by, the very street being torn apart from the rampaging gales his flight caused.

His form only came to a stop at the very end of the street he first appeared in, a cough of pain flowing past his lips as he struggled to his feet while holding his stomach.

That blow… Hurt. It hurt him a lot. Deinmaar could taste the blood on his tongue… And he smiled.

No- He grinned.

Shrugging his shoulders, Deinmaar draws his blade and flares his nostrils as he stares at the distant figure still standing before the throne.

The titan who punched him turned around and walked back to the throne, then reached behind it and lifted a colossal two-handed pitch black war-ax with a single hand, and rested it on his shoulder like it weighted nothing.

Then turned, and started walking towards Deinmaar. And the former Dragon Priest started walking towards the older man in turn.

"And what is your name!?" Deinmaar yells, and the older man laughs.

It was a loud, arrogant and prideful laugh.

"Who am I?!" The titan's laugh grows deeper, "I am known as the First Man!"

"I am The Bringer of Words!"

"I am the Harbinger of All!"

Deinmaar's grin turned nearly maniacal. His steps turned into a run.

"I." The titan started running towards him too. "Am!"

Their weapons were drawn back.

"YSGRAMOR!"

Their blades clashed with the might of two colliding stars.

And the whole city of Saarthal buckled beneath the might of two Atmorans.


~~XXX~~​


"I thought we were going to stay by the ruins the whole time?"

Kara questions, smiling as she feels the wind caress her face. How long had it been since she last flew with Lah?

How long had it been since she sat on his head and let him fly fast while they enjoyed each other's presence?

Too long. She had yearned for these moments for so long, and now she had them back.

She still wasn't in tip-top shape and likely needed another week of rest, but already she was starting to feel better.

The seal Lah had put her in had somewhat malfunctioned. His array and Spells were overcharged beyond belief, kinda making her younger.

No white hair, no wrinkles, no back pain. All gone, and she felt much, much better.

And while she was still a bit mad about being sealed, she understood why Lah did it.

He loved her dearly, and she loves him right back. Yet, he could live for eternity, while she can't.

Magicka could help in making her live a bit longer, but past the two centuries it would become nearly impossible.

And replicating the seal wasn't going to work, as she theorized that the reason it made her younger is because it was active on her for thousands of years.

"There is something I wish to check now that I am here." Lah states, flying across the ocean below them at immense speed, with Skyrim having long since disappeared minutes ago.

"What, exactly?"

Lah hums softly, the sound loud enough to be heard through the rushing and howling winds. "Atmora."

Kara blinks at that, "Why now though?" She knows that Atmora is a fallen continent that is now completely frozen, and the reason behind that ice age is unknown.

It is so powerful, though, that it reaches across the ocean and attacks Skyrim itself. It is the very reason why Skyrim is even cold, else it would be always have a very lovely temperature.

The only reason it isn't fully cold is due to the mountain chain behind Dawnstar that stop the glacial winds from going further, else they'd probably take over the whole of Skyrim.

"Do you remember how I told you that during the Dragon War, I was but a spectator?" Kara raises a brow at that.

During the early relationship, Kara always asked a lot about the Dragon War, about the time Dragons used to rule. It was all so fascinating and interesting, after all!

"Yeah…" Her gaze flicks ahead, towards the distant Atmora that still had to come into view, "Wait, you want to check on the Dragons that were stationed in Atmora?"

Lah had also told her about the group of Dragons that settled in Atmora.

It was born due to a dispute between several Great Sages, where instead of coming to blows, three Great Sages left Skyrim with their own groups and went to Atmora to settle down there.

That group was massive, according to Lah. The force left-over in Skyrim wasn't even half of it.

"Yes." Lah confirms, "Back then, Atmora was a thriving place. It was not frozen, but it was abandoned. There weren't that many Atmorans in the first place."

His wings flapped, and his form sped up through the sky. The winds became colder, but Lah shielded Kara from them with an after-thought, "During the war, I always believed that Dragons would win."

"That the moment the main force on Atmora was summoned back by Alduin, the resistance would fail."

Lah fell quiet after that, and Kara grew curious, "And…?"

"...And then the cold winds came." Is Lah's chilling answer just as Atmora finally appeared within view.

The cold somehow became colder. It penetrated the barrier Lah had conjured, and much to Kara's horror, even the Great Sage shivered in the face of it.

"We had lost contact with the Dragons in Atmora not long after they left. Roughly a few years later." Lah continues, "We believed it was because they wished to seclude themselves, still harboring anger towards the fight that caused the split."

The ocean finally disappeared from below them, replaced by miles and miles of ice. Dense, eternal ice.

Kara shivers in horror, for she could feel that Magicka itself had been frozen across the whole continent.

"But deep down I knew." Slowly, Lah flapped his wings and landed before a colossal mountain of clear ice. "Deep down, I knew that He had done something."

Kara shivers as Lah stares at the mountain of clear ice in front of them- No, he stares at what is inside it.

"H-Honey… What the hell is this?" Kara questions, now shivering from the cold that could not be warded off or fought against with any form of magical fire.

"The Great Sage of Spirits." Lah states, staring at the amethyst Dragon frozen solid within the mountain of ice, a look of pure horror eternally etched within its now dead face.

Then Lah turns to another mountain of ice to his left. "The Great Sage of Fury." Within that mountain of ice was a smaller, light blue Dragon, wearing an equally horrified look upon its frozen face, jaws parted as if to Shout. Or scream.

"And the Great Sage of Life." Then, Lah turns to his right, where a black Dragon was frozen within a spire of ice, just as horrified as the other two.

"Three Great Sages. Hundreds of Sages. Thousands of Dragons and tens of thousands of Dragon Priests. All killed within an instant by the one man that made me love studying Magicka."

Kara pants out, eyes wide in horror as she stares at the eternally frozen continent in realization.

"And this is the Spell he used to end them all…"

"Cocytus."


A.N. Ysgramor really is an absolute fucking chad. Not only did he know how to fight, but also how to read.

So what did he do? He genocided the Elves, stole their language, and changed it into his own.

This man is the Goat.

Lots of headpats to the one dude that guessed that Ysgramor was gonna be in Saarthal!

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed this chappy!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Levky, Aschente, BrightLord36 and 752 others
Musashi-Chan
Oct 30, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 48 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Nov 10, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,855
Dawnbreaker hacked down mercilessly, smashing and slightly cracking the frozen blade overflowing with catastrophic amounts of Magicka.

The immense heat flowing out of the solar blade swelled, its radiance reaching near-blinding levels as Aurelia pressed down, forcing the tall frozen warrior before her to fall on one knee.

Her gaze flicked upward, past the now kneeling giant, where ten more were rushing down the street with weapons in hand.

Her foot lashed out, and the kneeling warrior was sent hurling into his rushing companions, and Aurelia doesn't even blink when a white-hot beam of flames flies over her shoulder and towards the group.

The beam smashes into the chest of the flying Atmoran before exploding into a colossal dome of immense heat and force, flash-melting the street and surrounding buildings with laughable ease.

"This is one hell of a welcoming party…" Hildr muses softly from behind Aurelia, who nods with a heavy frown on her pale face.

Twirling Dawnbreaker, Aurelia lowers her stance, "Don't lower your guard." She warns just as the Atmorans rush out of pillar of smoke left behind by the explosion created by Hildr's spell.

The redhead scoffed at the charging Atmorans who showed no sign of injury or having been slowed down due to the explosion.

Each of them stood taller than two meters, with muscular, well-trained body clad in dense dark armor that was now covered in thick layers of jagged ice.

They pounced forth as one, showing their skills as the fearsome warriors that drove a whole race to extinction with an army of just five-hundred on their side.

Aurelia breathes out, and her body tenses, eyes narrowing into sharp focus.

Her right foot stomps forward, and she moves-

Dawnbreaker cleaves laterally through the air, smashing into a hastily raised heavy shield. The force of the blow lifted the Atmoran off his feet and launched him into the adjacent building.

Her shoulder slammed forward, impacting the chest of the Atmoran who had lifted her Warhammer above her head, creating a miniature shock-wave on impact that sent the frozen woman flying and smashing into three of her companions behind her.

Freeing one hand, the Dragonborn flips around to catch a descending wrist carrying a short blade aimed at her neck. Her hand squeezed, and a crack sounded out, followed by a deafening smash as she pulls the Atmoran over her shoulder and smashes him into the floor in front of her.

Her head turns while her boot rises, and she faces the other Atmorans as her lips part, "FUS-RO-DAH!"

Her boot smashes down, crushing the skull of the downed Atmoran while the others were sent hurling like meteorites across dozens of buildings, turning an entire portion of the ghost city into a layer of rubble.

Hildr whistles at the sight as she places Rahgot's mask on her face, "You really hate the Undead, don't you?"

Aurelia sniffs and steps back, "No… Not these ones, at least." Her answer earns her a confused tilt of the head from Hildr, "These are Revenants."

Aurelia breathes out, her heart heavy as she glanced at the corpse at her feet.

Revenants, a unique type of Undead being. While most Undead are either made, or are born from resentment or forced duties placed upon the deceased being, Revenants are different.

Revenants just refuse to move on. By sheer Will alone, they force their Souls to remain within their bodies, creating a unique form of Undead being that are far mightier than most.

Aurelia internally wondered what caused so many of these warriors to just decide not to move on. To not seek their much deserved eternal rest.

"Careful!" Hildr calls out, startling Aurelia out of her thoughts as the redhead pounces forward, now clad in the flaming and molten armor from the Dragon Priest mask.

Her flaming blade blocks a longsword owned by the Atmoran with a shield that had been hurled into a building, and an explosion of flames disrupts the power behind it, else Hildr wouldn't be able to block it even when Reinforcement was pumping through her body at full power.

Having disrupted that swing, Hildr lashes out with her palm, a blazing white-hot Original Rune flashing to life as she slaps it onto the chest of the armored Atmoran.

From it, a gargantuan fireball rumbled to life, swelling to the size of a house within a second and swallowing the Atmoran within it.

Flipping on her heels, Hildr commands the roaring fireball, sending it crashing and melting through ruins and rubble, collecting all the other gathering Atmorans and the downed ones.

More poured out of the woodwork, soon reaching the hundreds, but Hildr's fireball kept growing more and more, soon doubling, then tripling, then reaching ten times its previous size.

Until, finally, she compressed it whole into the size of a dot and let it explode.

The heated shock-wave turned rubble to molten slag instantly and devastated an even greater portion of the city as gargantuan pillar of roaring flames gushed skyward, hitting one of the colossal chains binding the sphere.

This time it was Aurelia's turn to whistle at the sight, her stance relaxing as she watched the enormous pillar burn brightly, "Are you sure its safe to use so much Magicka? I'm sure there's a lot more of them around."

If these Atmorans were the Five-Hundred Companions, then the group that they just handled – likely not permanently – was but a fifth of the whole army.

Hildr pauses, then realizes that her reserves had not shrunk one bit. Instead, they were back to full and bursting, as if she wasn't using the Dragon Priest Mask and pumping Reinforcement through her body at full power.

Her lone eye glances at the sphere spewing endless amounts of Magicka hanging above the city, and a feral grin splits her face. "Looks like I can go as wild as I want here!" A cackle that resembles Leonidas' usually crazed ones flows past her lips, making Aurelia snort in amusement.

"Well… We are really going to need it." The Dragonborn muses, bright platinum flames coating Dawnbreaker as her gaze moves towards the distance.

From the edges of the destruction, massive frozen warriors stomped forward, eyes burning with blue flames, and hands wielding weapons of all kind.

But Aurelia could also feel the aftershocks coming from further away. She could tell that Deinmaar was battling some terrifying monster just from the miniature earthquakes that kept shaking the whole city, and that Leonidas was facing his own opponent on the other side of the city.

It was like they were separated on purpose.

Hildr gazed around, the sight dampening her delight at being able to go all out without fear. Clicking her tongue, she removed the Mask from her face, then tossed it to the side.

Flames swelled, then erupted, taking the form of a demonic werewolf, the Mask attached to its chest. Pulsing with Magicka, the demonic werewolf swells and howls, its body dripping with liquid flame and soon being coated in armored obsidian plates that made its sharp claws look even deadlier.

The Flame Spirit gazed around and growled in delight at the sight of so many opponents while devouring the surrounding Magicka hungrily to make its flames burn even hotter.

"'Relia." Hildr calls out softly, "I'm gonna do something stupid."

Aurelia lifts a brow while ignoring the ten foot tall demonic werewolf, and her eyes soon widen in understanding. A gentle smiles spreads across her cheeks, "Go ahead, I trust you."

Hildr smiles warmly, then closes her lone eye and breathes in.

The Atmoran army stops walking, and starts running, their stomps shaking the earth.

Freeing one hand, Aurelia breathes out softly, "Yol-Toor-Shul." The flaming Dragon Blade appears in her grasp as the surrounding temperature spikes, and starts climbing higher and higher.

Then skyrocketed when a deafening howl shakes the city.

Aurelia feels goosebumps cover her body, as if she was standing before a mighty Dragon Sage.

It was a pressure she knew well. Standing before an Apex Predator of immense might.

A pair of colossal crimson paws slam into the earth ahead of Aurelia, and the city streets turn into pool of glowing lava within seconds, and keep on expanding further with each passing moment.

Remaining tense, Aurelia watched the colossal wolf look around… Then lower its head to look down and beneath its belly.

A lone giant green eye stared at Aurelia, and the Dragonborn smiled warmly.

Hildr bared her sharp jaws in a terrifying grin, then lifted her head to stare at the approaching army. Her lone eye overflowed with pure, immense delight.

It was a gamble. A theory she had since she transformed back in Blackreach, and one she run by Kara and Lah in passing recently.

Her transformation required an immense amount of energy, which would in turn make her very hungry while in said form. But even if given sustenance, she would never be able to eat fast enough to satisfy the immense energy requirements.

And then she remembered a simple Restoration Spell, one in the Novice tier even. Ward Hunger, a simple Spell meant to help someone ignore the effects of hunger and make them feel as if they had a full meal.

By using it, she could ignore the mental effects of her growing hunger and not enter a feral state, but it won't stop her swiftly going weaker due to still present energy requirements.

With the simple Spell working, Hildr bares her jaws and cuts loose, unleashing a loud that expressed her immense delight.

And from that howl, a colossal expanding dome of blazing destruction spread forth, devastating the city and scorching the land black.

At least the charging Atmorans had more guts than Vulthuryol in the face of a giant flaming wolf pouncing on them.

Holding back a laugh, Aurelia swiftly joins the fray with the demonic werewolf in tow.

"Gretel will be so mad that she wasn't here to witness this…"


~~XXX~~​


"Your swings lack conviction!"

Deinmaar staggers back from the clash, his arms and fingers feeling numb and shaking as the giant Ysgramor stomps forward, and unstoppable monster of pure, domineering might.

Never before did Deinmaar feel so overwhelmed and outclassed when it came to physical strength alone. It was his forte, his best, outclassing anyone and everyone with effortless ease.

And now, it was his turn to experience that terror. The terror of having an unstoppable Juggernaut walk towards him, through flames and lightning, through swings of a greatsword and deflecting them like it was but a fly striking at a giant.

"Atmorans aren't so weak!" Ysgramor bellows out, nostrils flaring like an enraged bull as he stomped close, the pitch black Wuuthrad hacking down like a guillotine blade.

Moving swiftly, Deinmaar dodges to the side, watching as that effortless swing leaves behind a deep ravine dozens of meters long. "Atmorans do not dodge!"

Enraged, Ysgramor bashed his shoulder into Deinmaar, creating an explosion of blinding plasma that didn't even burn the First Man's beard.

"Atmorans use arrows as toothpicks!" The giant bellows, voice so powerful that the very air vibrates in the wake of his voice.

"Atmorans use Spells to scratch their backs!" Another stomp. Another swing of Wuuthrad.

Deinmaar swings his greatsword to meet the blow and is nearly forced on his knees when faced with the overwhelming might.

Beneath his helmet, the man holding the title of Deinmaar grits his teeth.

Out of pain, out of shame, out of anger.

Before him stood everything he was not.

A man filled with conviction. A man who wanted something so badly he achieved it. A man who never gave up even when forced to run away.

Leonidas had told him about Ysgramor history. About his ancestor's accomplishments.

And Deinmaar found himself lacking.

What did he do his whole damned life?

The ground beneath him crumbles as he snarls. Ysgramor's eyes glow alight with approval as Wuuthrad trembles and is pushed up, allowing Deinmaar to fully straighten himself, albeit on shaky legs.

"What manner of Atmoran are you…" The First Man starts, looking at Deinmaar up and down, "To allow chains to weight you down?"

A kick to the chest, and entire streets turn to rubble. Deinmaar rolls to a stop, hacking out blood through hissed breaths of air, but his hands force him to stand up through it all.

Yet, Ysgramor's question rattles within his skull louder than a Dragon's roar.

"I've had chains bind me too!" The Bringer of Words hollers, his presence as heavy as a mountain as he stomps forward. Slow, steady, assured of victory. "Chain after fucking chain!"

"One for each loyal subject murdered! One for when my wonderful city was lit aflame! One when I was forced to run away like a coward! One when I lost my son at sea!"

Deinmaar stands up and breathes in, "And what did you do with them?"

Ysgramor laughs, "I came back and broke those fucking chains on the backs of those bastards!"

Deinmaar… Reels back, and breathes out.

Was it really so easy?

No, of course it wasn't. The chains are different, after all.

One for never truly pursuing the one he loves. One for never standing by her side until the very end.

One for each Dragon Priest he betrayed and killed.

One for each year he wallowed in misery instead of doing anything.

A distant explosion reaches his ears and snaps Deinmaar out of his downward spiral of thoughts.

His head turns towards the edges of the city, where a battle of terrifying Mages was unfolding. Flames against an encroaching tide of black and frost.

His fingers absentmindedly trace the runes on his chestplate. Deinmaar, they state.

Once, a name he proudly carried.

Now, it was a name he felt he wasn't honoring.

"You shouldn't be worrying about others." Ysgramor calls out, but doesn't take the opportunity to attack and instead just stops a few paces ahead of Deinmaar.

The shorter of the two Atmorans laughs and shakes his head, "I wasn't worrying about him." He corrects, voice wistful, "I was thinking about some words he once told me."

The First Man raises a bushy brow, "Oh?"

Softly, Deinmaar whispers those words, "It's not the armor, but the man wearing it."

It was who Leonidas had come looking for. Not a suit of armor. Not a weapon.

But someone he could trust. Someone who could protect the people.

A friend. A brother.

Those actions now appear in a different light to Deinmaar. Their encounter was the desperate plea of a man trying to find help.

"Fine words." Ysgramor nods, "You respect this friend of yours?"

Deinmaar laughs, "Friend? He is my brother." Warmth fills his chest. A burning determination fills his eyes. A new goal lights his path.

Ysgramor notices the change and grins, "Oh? What kind of man is he, to cause such a change within you?"

A greatsword is lifted and twirled effortlessly, "He likes messing around. He says jokes that only he understands and enjoys the confusion it all causes."

"He hates being alone with his own thoughts, or in general, so he makes sure to always keep his mind occupied with something."

"He hates feeling weak. He tries to carry everything on his shoulders, making sure those he loves feel no pressure, and he keeps a playful attitude to make sure they never worry."

"I am sure that, if he could, he'd gladly shoulder the weight of saving the world by himself if it kept everyone safe."

The First Man hums and uses his free hand to rub at his beard, "A foolish man." He states, and Deinmaar chuckles and nods, "But one I'd gladly give my back to, and offer a drink or two. Your respect is well placed."

Finally, Ysgramor moves Wuuthrad off his shoulders, "And what have you decided to do?"

Smiling beneath his helmet, the shorter Atmoran stands proud. Shoulder squared, eyes bright, head held high, "I'll wear the name Deinmaar."

A name with two meaning.

Guardian, which is the meaning he once used.

And finally, the one he will now gladly bear.

"I will carry my brother's chains for him, and follow him to the ends of the world."

Keeper. The second meaning of Deinmaar.

He once was the Guardian of Law, of the people.

Now, he decides to be the Keeper of Chains.

Ysgramor raises a befuddled brow, "You are willing to carry another man's chains while also shouldering yours?" The First Man sounded genuinely baffled.

And beneath his helmet, Deinmaar grins like an idiot, "I'm sure my brother will break my chains for me." He laughs softly, "He tends to be very good at breaking things, after all!"

And that's when he moves.

Ysgramor's eyes barely have time to widen, and he barely has the time to move Wuuthrad's staff in front of his chest in a hasty block before the blow lands.

All of Saarthal feels it connect.

Buildings pop like balloons stuffed with too much air. The bricks of the roads turn to powder way before the sound of impact even flows past them.

The giant chains above rattle, and Ysgramor is sent hurling deep into the earth, and digging a massive ditch behind with his back.

Stunned but not fazed, the giant Atmoran stands and shrugs his shoulders- Only for a thrown greatsword to smash into Wuuthrad's staff, removing it from his grasp and sending both weapons flying away.

Lifting his gaze, the First Man stares at the approaching Deinmaar.

The former Dragon Priest reaches up and removes his helmet. Tossing it to the side, he undoes the clasps of his chestplate and lets it fall heavily on the ground, revealing his bare, muscular chest.

His gauntlets are next.

"As a man I greatly respect once said…" Rolling his shoulders, Deinmaar has his face split by a feral grin, "No more weapons."

"We fight like men now."

Ysgramor blinks, then throws his head back and laughs. Pure, genuine and proud laughter.

And as he laughs, his helmet and armor also hit the ground.

"Good! Good! That's how an Atmoran should be, my boy!" Enthusiastic and grinning maniacally, Ysgramor spreads his muscular arms to the side, "Now, come at me-"

The punch lands.

Saarthal is cracked in half.

The First Man's body is sent hurling back to his palace, and against the chain binding the sphere above the city.

And the first of many Chains shatters.


~~XXX~~​


I gotta admit; This has to be the first time I've had a full Mage showdown.

Krosis doesn't count, as I just humiliated him. Hevnoraak… He died too fast to count, plus he was weak and pathetic as hell.

"You are a Mage of passing skill." Ahzidal praises, swinging his staff almost lazily to incinerate an approaching swarm of maddened creatures and the encroaching black tar spawning them.

"Thanks, I've been at it for just a few months." I lazily answer, which brings the ancient Enchanter to a momentary pause before he keeps swinging his cane. "It's high praise coming from the likes of you."

Ahzidal hums, waves of growing heat flowing out of him tirelessly, his form a constantly expanding white-hot sun, "I wonder… How do you know me? I do not believe there are books about me."

I shrug, "The knowledge I hoard could make Hermaeus Mora grovel at my feet and beg for even a sliver of it." Now this might be an empty boast, but who knows… "Plus, who wouldn't know about Ahzidal?"

"A skilled Nord Enchanter born in Saarthal. His magical prowess swiftly surpassed his instructors, and when he felt like he couldn't progress anymore among his kind, he left his wife and child behind to go and further develop his studies among the Elves."

I didn't miss the small tightening of his fist around his cane when I mentioned his late family.

Ahzidal hums, "You know your history." He praises, though it was empty, "Then you know what I found when I came back?"

I nod even as more demented and malformed beasts pounced forth, the black tar forcing his domain of heat to shrink further and further.

"Snow Elves burned the city to the ground. Few survived. Your family wasn't among them." He nods and flares his nostrils, "You then set off on a path of revenge, which was fulfilled when Ysgramor came back, and you offered him and his army your services."

And that's where everything diverges. Ahzidal doesn't go on his path afterward. He doesn't lust for more knowledge and power, he doesn't join the Dragon Cult to hoard their Dragon Runes, and subsequently doesn't go mad when he approaches Hermaeus Mora for more knowledge and gets sealed away in turn.

"So… What's all this about?" I question, waving towards the Eye of Magnus chained above us.

Ahzidal doesn't answer instantly, instead he waves his staff and sends forth a colossal fireball my way.

Said fireball turns into embers when a Draconian Howl pierces through it and smashes into a conjured Ward right in front of Ahzidal's face.

The Spell screeches against the dense, nigh-perfect Ward before the protective Spell is tilted to the side, allowing the projectile to slide off and away.

"This? It is but my revenge being enacted." The old man answers with a shrug of his shoulders, and if I could, I'd frown in confusion.

What does he mean by that?

The horde of demented beasts suddenly comes to a halt, paws and jaws and mangled hands swiftly being aimed towards Ahzidal as thousands of Draconian Howls sparkle to life from them.

The ancient Mage just stabs his cane into the earth, cratering and shifting the landscape, causing the beasts to stumble and miss all of their shots, sending destruction in random directions.

"Do you know the effects sealing that thing is having on the outside world?" I question Ahzidal, but he doesn't answer. He just smiles.

Not a fake smile, or empty one. A genuine, delighted one.

He knows. He has done it on purpose, then. That's his goal.

Why? Why cripple all Races when it comes to their Magical development?

I turn my head towards the chains to further study them. Mainly, the glowing engravings on them.

Daedric Runes, Ayleids ancient Runes, Altmer scripts, some form of unique metal created by the Dwemer, Dragon Runes… He has used everything he learned and knows to make these chains.

I've seen and heard of each of these things through the Folium Discognitum. Each one of these are the foundation of a whole Race.

This is his revenge. Think, Leo. Think! What does he mean by that?

The answer is right in front of my eyes, but my tired mind fails to latch onto it as it slips away from my fingertips again and again.

I sniff and turn away from the chains and stomp forward, not willing to play around anymore. I've learned my lesson with Vulthuryol, and I won't repeat that mistake again.

The black tar swells into a tsunami of howling faces and hungry maws, malevolent eyes shining with madness peeking at Ahzidal from those abyssal waters.

The old man narrows his eyes and flicks his staff, the dome of scorching heat swelling to meat the damned waters- Only for me to just aim my palm towards him and let loose with my Frost Magic.

The screeching glacial winds swiftly drop the temperature as soon as they manifest in a colossal beam that dwarfs Ahzidal's sun in scope and intensity, forcing the old man back as his eyes widen in surprise.

A blazing Original Rune sparkles to life at the bottom of his cane, which he aims my way. But instead of launching the Spell through it, I watch him create a different Original Rune right in front of the previous one.

This one is larger, more powerful, but also blue. Meaning that it is Lightning Magic.

A colossal beam of heat erupts out of the first Original Rune, smashes into the second one from behind, then erupts from the front as a blinding beam of pure plasma that carves through my waves of frost and abyssal waters with ease.

Huh… That's new. I guess that is how Original Runes are meant to be used.

One use is to create Arrays, another for Scrolls, and one to fuse two Spells together. I never thought about fusing two Original Runes together, or launching a Spell through an Original Rune and see what happens.

A perfect fusion of two Spells, which is usually impossible to achieve. Synchrony between elements is one thing, but uniting two Spells is a whole different matter.

Let's test that out!

A thunderous Original Rune booms into existence in front of me, swelling to the size of a house than further in a matter of moment.

Ahzidal's gaze goes from shocked to horrified when a second blinding white Original Rune appears in front of the previous one.

A Vasavi Shakti erupts into existence with a violent thunderclap that shakes the ruined landscape, then enters and passes through the Original Rune of my beloved Draconian Howl.

The ensuing fusion is akin to a railgun.

The whole pocket dimension flashes black and white. Everything ahead of my fused Spell is erased from existence.

And by everything, I mean that literally.

A colossal pitch black hole is punched clean through the pocket dimension, allowing me to gaze within the Void that makes up the space between the planes of existence.

I hum and reach up to rub at my mask's chin. Did that kill Ahzidal? No, it couldn't have.

Still, I know that my Draconian Howl can break things easily… But a damn pocket dimension wasn't among the things I thought I could break.

I perk up when the hole into the Void starts repairing itself, the massive chain closest to me pulsing and glowing, clearly providing the immense Magicka needed for the repair process.

I raise a hand and point a finger towards the glowing chain, ready to shatter it, but I pause at the sound of footsteps. My gaze turns back to the hole in Void, from where Ahzidal strides out at a calm pace.

His left arm is gone, and his whole body is covered in horrifying burns. Which all disappear in a flash of Restoration Magic, his missing arm also regrowing and coming back in a flash.

Yeah, killing a Mage with access to infinite Magicka is surely to be difficult… Well, I do have access to said infinite Magicka myself. I was just afraid that any excessive Spell could cause damage to the outside world.

"I underestimated you." Ahzidal dusts off his tattered and broken cloak with a heavy frown on his face, "I won't do so again."

I shrug, "Doesn't matter. You can't stop me from destroying the chains."

He blinks, then sneers, "You fool. Those chains cannot be broken-"

The whole of Saarthal quakes, and I flip my head to stare at the portion of the city right below the Eye of Magnus, where I believe Deinmaar is.

I can see Hildr in her wolf form into the distance, having turned the landscape into a roaring and brilliant inferno filled with normal flames and Sunfire, showing that she is with Aurelia.

But whatever happened with Deinmaar made the whole city crack apart.

Something was launched with such power and speed that it split the domain in half.

And the chain attached to the bottom of the Eye of Magnus explodes in brilliant shards.

I stare at the sight as the Eye of Magnus jumps in the air, its exterior glowing with greater brilliance, as if rejuvenated.

I turn back towards Ahzidal and jab a thumb towards the now destroyed chain, "You were saying?"

His eyes are wide and filled with growing horror, "My lord..."

'Lord'? Does he fucking mean…?!

Clenching his teeth, the old man marches forward, but a tidal wave of abyssal waters gets in his way, "Move, you damnable mongrel!"

I snort, "Make me, pal." With a flex of my Magicka, I stop holding back and abuse the benefit of being so close to the Eye of Magnus.

Colossal hands and malformed beast surge out of the black tar in the hundreds as the black tide expands further and further without stop. Like so, I swiftly encircle Ahzidal, surrounding him on all sides.

His usual calm composure until now finally broke. He was alarmed, worried and desperate. He didn't want us to free the Eye, perhaps because he can't seal it again once the seal is undone.

Which means… That he didn't do this with his own capabilities. They helped, but even with his impressive skill, sealing such an Artifact shouldn't be possible.

His revenge… Despite hating the Elves, he trained under them after losing his family until Ysgramor came back.

I stare at the desperate old man, my form hidden by the growing army of demented beasts screeching and howling as they charged within his blazing and shrinking domain, forcing him into a more desperate fight.

He can't waste time with bigger, concentrated Spells lest he gets attacked from behind or a random blind spot. And he knows he can't expand his blazing domain carelessly, as I could also attack him from below.

Before me is a powerful mage, yes… But not a terrifying existence who went mad for more knowledge and hoarded immense power since the age of Ysgramor.

He never joined Hermaeus Mora. I can tell.

No… He joined someone else. Someone that would thrive from his revenge.

Someone that could help him seal the Eye.

With a growl, Ahzidal's eyes change. They turn a glowing, burning gold and gain slitted pupils, and his flames swell and roar, turning a burning and cursed crimson color.

These new flames washed away my abyssal waters and beasts like they were nothing, burning through Magicka itself as they expanded and swelled further.

"You are Mehrunes Dagon's Champion, aren't you?"

Ahzidal snarls and swings his staff, his cursed crimson flames destroying the surroundings as he advances with a desperate gait.

Mehrunes Dagon, the Prince of Destruction, but also of Energy. Of Change.

He'd be the only one capable of helping Ahzidal seal the Eye of Magnus, and also the only that would enjoy the consequences of doing such a thing.

He caused Change. A change that kept happening across thousands of years. The slow but horrible crippling of Magical talent across the whole of Nirn, and all of the Races.

This caused Destruction. It probably was also one of the reasons Ayleids Empire fell during the First Era and their race nearly went extinct.

Plus, it caused other types of Destruction. Destruction of knowledge, of legacies, of talent, of types of Magic.

This is Ahzidal's revenge. Crippling the one thing the Elves shine in; Magic itself.

Even if it dragged down his own kind, he still went through with it.

A part of me wonders if I should even be mad about this. Thinking about it, I wonder if Tiber Septim's Empire would have been born if Ahzidal did not seal the Eye.

If so, would it have fallen from the war decades ago? Would the Thalmor have destroyed the White-Gold Tower?

So many things could have been prevented due to the Eye being sealed. So many possible what if's…

"To think that you'd drag Ysgramor into this idiotic revenge of yours." I sigh and step forward while the abyssal waters retract.

The Snow Elves are no more, yet Ahzidal wasn't satisfied. He truly fits his name.

Embittered destroyer indeed.

The old man snarls, "You know nothing!"

I shrug, "Maybe." Then, my wave my hand to the side. Ahzidal fails to react in time as a giant Draconian Howl booms through the air, and smashes through the closest glowing chain to us.

Two down, three more to go.

The Eye of Magnus now audibly rumbles, and Ahzidal's eyes shrink out of pure, burning hot madness.

His bellow of fury is further accompanied by the explosive popping and crackling of his deep crimson flames as he pounces at me.

But I just step forward as my Juggernaut armor covers my body.

My hand reaches out and snatches his throat out of the air, ignoring his burning flames as I slam him down onto the ground.

Had it been the previous me, I'd have struggled a lot against Ahzidal, but he isn't a fighting mage. He is an Enchanter, and that hasn't changed even after all of these years.

A flex of my Magicka unleashes forth a blast of Frost Magic that drown out his enhanced flames, and his struggles die down as his body is caked in layers of frost and snow.

"You didn't go to Hermaues Mora for more knowledge, but went with Mehrunes Dagon instead." My grip around his throat tightens, "Why drag everyone down in your path of revenge? Couldn't you let them move on?"

Ahzidal sneers, "Move on?" His teeth clatter as he lets out a raspy, cruel laugh, "Sovngarde gives access to those who die in battle, not those who die of old age."

His shaking hands reach up to grasp my wrist, but his flames die out before they can even fight back against my frost, "My Lord and my brothers and sisters stood at the top. With my Enchantments, they were the strongest in existence…"

"Who could kill them in battle?"

...He is right. They were so strong that they couldn't fall and gain their eternal deserved rest in Sovngarde and watch the next generations of warriors enter its halls.

"And so you drag them here?"

His chapped lips spread into a twisted, desperate smile, "They are dying a warrior's death, aren't they?" His laughter end in a wheeze when I squeeze his throat.

Yet, he keeps talking, "I tried… I really did. I tried to move on, to forget my rage, my revenge, and move on with my Lord and brothers and sisters… But I couldn't!"

"And that's when the voices came, whispering promises of knowledge, of power, within my mind… Oh, they were so alluring…"

His smile spreads like a chasm across his face, growing more twisted. More insane. "I had this itch, one I watched to scratch so badly… Doing it would feel so good, but for each scratch, I'd lose more and more things that make me, me…"

My hand squeezes his neck once more, "And so you went to Mehrunes Dagon?"

Ahzidal shakes his head, "Oh, no… He came to me!" His grip around my wrists grows tighter, the skin on his fingers freezing off together with his nails. "He made me an offer. A promise."

His demented smile grows fanatical, "Once they are all gone… I will lead the Deadlands armies across Nirn, and wipe out all Elves from existence!"

This absolutely insane fool… "You honestly think you'll win?"

He cackles, the sound of his broken laughter covering the distant sounds of battle, "You don't understand, do you?"

"The talent and capabilities of each mage across Nirn will grow worse with each passing year that damnable thing remains bound and chained up."

"Until, finally… Even the mighty Elves will struggle to conjure even a simple fireball!"

As I thought… Kara's testimony proves this. She watched each generation of mages since she was sealed away grow worse and worse.

"I just need to break your neck, and those chains." I lift him high in the air, but he just smiles… And that smile brings me to a pause.

I stare at him, then flick my gaze towards the Eye of Magnus. Mainly its exterior and the chains binding it.

Aetherial Fragments, like the Great Welkynd stones… Which, if used right, can be used to open Oblivion Gates.

In the game, one was opened in Skyrim through this method, bypassing Martin's sacrifice.

"You twisted fuck…"

If he lives, he'll get to have an ability like mine, gaining access to Mehrunes Dagon's Daedric Realm and summoning hordes of his soldiers.

If he dies, he will be a sacrifice that, with the Eye of Magnus itself will be used to fuel the creation of a possible gargantuan Oblivion Gate that cannot be closed.

"You cannot win…" Ahzidal rasps out a cruel laugh, "And the Gods won't be able to help you here…"

My grip around his throat tightens until he starts gasping for air.

"The Gods? Helping me?" I laugh softly as his crazed eyes meet mine, "Oh no, you got it all wrong…"

"They need to help Mehrunes Dagon. Not me."

I pull him close, my voice a low growl as his skin starts cracking and falling apart due to the spreading frost. "I know you are listening, you fuck."

"At least have the guts to stand before me, Lehkelogah."

Those words cause Reality to shudder, the slowly repairing hole in the Void suddenly gaining a burning light within it.

And from it, four pair of colossal hands reach out to grasp the edge of the repairing dimension, then pull it apart to open that hole further.

Slowly, the immense avatar of Mehrunes Dagon steps within Saarthal.

His presence brings along catastrophic levels of heat, with the land below his feet turning into pools of bubbling magma.

His glowing eyes flick down to stare at me, and I move the gasping Ahzidal out of the way so to fully face the giant avatar.

"You…" Mehrunes Dagon starts, voice deep and powerful, causing the very air to boom, "How do you know that name-"

"Shut the fuck up."

The Daedric Prince stills, baffled at my sheer daring.

"What we are going to do right now is very, very fucking simple." I raise Ahzidal higher and shake him like he is a piece of dirty laundry, "You stop any plotting going on right now. You will stop trying to create Oblivion Gates for as long as I exist…"

Mehrunes Dagon's glowing eyes narrow, and a snarl pulls at his lips.

Yet my next words make the Daedric Prince look at me in horror.

"Or I will make sure that every single fucking God and Daedric Prince out there will know your full Nymic."


A.N. For those wondering, a Nymic is basically a 'True Name' that defines the existence of Daedra and Daedric Princes alike.

Through their use, one can make affect a Daedric Prince and make them do 'something'. Even banish them from a Realm.

Leo wants to catch nappy time so badly that he willing to crash out on the Daedric Prince of Destruction himself.

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed this chappy!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:morgan sinn, Levky, Aschente and 789 others
Musashi-Chan
Nov 10, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks I, Draugr chapter 49 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Dec 8, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,922
Rubble and dust cascade down his muscular, injured form as he stands, a heavy grunt flowing past his bloodied and chapped lips as he does so.

Tilting his head, Deinmaar spits out a glob of blood before rolling his aching shoulders.

Despite the fact that his body was covered in darkening bruises, he couldn't stop the excitement that flowed through his veins. The pure, exhilarating adrenaline.

The satisfaction of a proper contest of might against might.

Far ahead of him, the remains of a crumbled building burst apart, revealing the dust-covered form of Ysgramor, equally covered in bruises but still standing tall and proud.

Though, his large and long beard couldn't hide the massive grin on the ancient Atmoran's face.

"It has been a long time since I've exchanged blows with a proper Atmoran." The First Man chuckles deeply, closing his eyes and breathing in through his nostrils, "It makes me nostalgic."

Standing tall, Deinmaar breathes in, "I've been told about your great achievements." Albeit he found the… Genocide of the Snow Elves extreme, Deinmaar knew that accomplishing such a feat with just an army five-hundred strong was something no one could replicate.

"Great achievements, huh?" The titan of a man sighs out, his eyes opening to show how distant and lost they were.

"My boy…" The First Man starts, turning to fully regard the younger Atmoran before him, "Learn how to control your anger. Never take actions that are fueled by it."

Deinmaar breathes in, feeling his lungs cool down from that breath, "...Do you regret it?"

Ysgramor hums softly, "I regret many things." Turning his head, the giant gazes at another distant battlefield in the now ruined city, "I regret making my brothers and sisters stain their hands and blades in the blood of young and old alike."

"I regret being unable to grant them a warrior's death."

"And I regret…" His gaze, once more, flicks towards a distant battlefield where two terrifying Mages were clashing against one another. "I regret not helping a good brother of mine."

Slumping, Deinmaar lowers his head and chuckles softly, "I guess we are really alike." His brother risked his life to bring him out of that graveyard. He risked everything, all just to open the eyes of a fool stuck in the past.

And yet, until now, there was nothing he could do to offer his brother some form of relief. He couldn't give him back sleep, or the sense of taste, or the sense of touch.

Deinmaar would gladly trade away these things so to give them to Leonidas, but he knew the man would turn such things down.

Shanking his head, Ysgramor stands tall once more, muscular shoulders squaring up and rippling with suppressed strength, "Enough talking, my boy. Let us finish this." He declares as his right hand stretches out, and distant rubble bursts apart as Wuuthrad flies back in the titan's grasp.

Deinmaar breathes in and narrows his eyes, his own massive blade flying back into his grasp with but a tug of his Magicka attached to the Enchantment on the weapon's handle.

Smirking, the First Man rests his massive legendary weapon on his broad shoulders, "Come, my boy." He beckons with one hand, "Grant me a death befitting a warrior."

No more words were wasted as both Atmorans launched themselves at each other with weapons raised and readied to kill.

Ysgramor raises Wuuthrad high above his head and hacks it down like a guillotine blade, the very air condensing and booming around the edge of the war-ax that was swiftly super-heated.

While Deinmaar, instead… Turned his lateral slash into a stab at the very last second.

Both blades strike true, with one sinking deep into Deinmaar's left shoulder, while another pierced straight through Ysgramor stomach.

The titan of a man staggers and chokes out blood, but his eyes gain a gentle light as his grip trembles around Wuuthrad's staff.

Staring down at the young Atmoran before him, Ysgramor saw someone else.

He saw a young boy. His young boy. The young boy he thought he lost at sea during a storm, right after he fled the burning Saarthal.

"Why didn't you finish it…?" Ysgramor asks softly, not showing any of his feeling or inner thoughts.

Deinmaar hisses softly from the pain of having his shoulder cleaved open, but then smiles up at the giant in front of him, "You still have one last regret to handle, no?"

Slowly, the great blade is wrenched out of Ysgramor's stomach, with the titan barely letting out a grunt of pain as blood overflows out of the gaping wound.

Chuckling, he uses his free hand to pat Deinmaar's good shoulder as he frees Wuuthrad from the other, "You've made me proud, my boy." Slowly, the titan turns and starts moving away as Deinmaar crumbles to his knees.

Panting, the former Dragon Priest perks up when the sound of approaching footsteps registers to his ears. He turns his gaze to the ruined street, and allows himself to smile and relax when he notices Aurelia approach, a tired Hildr slumped over her back and being carried by the pale woman.

Ysgramor regards the new arrivals with a smile, then closes his eyes in mourning, "You have my thanks for granting my people a proper death, young lady."

Aurelia blinks at the titan, her eyes widening when she realizes who might be standing before her before she lightly bows her head, "They were incredible warriors and fought to the very end."

Ysgramor grins and rests Wuuthrad on his shoulder, uncaring of his injury, "Not even a scratch on you… Oh, I am going to tease them so badly in Sovngarde!" Turning around and laughing loudly, the giant starts walking away as he waves his free hand over his shoulder, "It was a pleasure meeting you all, children!"

Aurelia watched the titan leave as she crouches down next to Deinmaar, her Restoration Magic flaring to life and swiftly healing all of his bruises and internal damage with ease.

"He is going where Leonidas is." Hildr tiredly points out, her lone eye droopy, as if she'd fall asleep at any moment.

Deinmaar nods quietly, then moves to stand, "Let us handle the remaining chains first."

That's when a hand comes to rest on top of his head and smash him back down on the ground.

"First you get healed." Aurelia commands, eyes sharp and cold.

Deinmaar shudders and nearly whimpers, then obediently sits down on the ground.

"Y-yes, ma'am…"


~~XXX~~​


Something about being so, so damn tired has made me an absolute crash out.

I've always been a bit… crazy, and I've always been willing to fuck around and find out with a Daedric Prince.

But threatening them with they Nymic? Oh boy, that's a new thing even for me.

I want my nappy time, goddamn it!

"You are playing a dangerous game, mortal." The towering avatar of Mehrunes Dagon growls out, embers and flames flowing past his lips to show his anger.

I shrug, "And you can deepthroat my bone, homie." I hold back on snapping Ahzidal's neck, because I know it'll have dangerous consequences, "Also, I am not much of a 'mortal'."

Mehrunes Dagon narrows his eyes and crouches low, his glowing gaze focused sharply on me, "So… You have realized what you are, Dreamer."

So the Daedric Princes have known all this time, huh? Or perhaps they had an inkling.

I've only started piecing things together after Sheogorath attached a piece of his Realm to me.

That's… Something that, normally, isn't possible. Gates to Realms outside of Nirn can be opened, but bringing one such Realm and superimposing it on Nirn? Yeah, that's impossible.

But not for me.

I am… Different. Those laws don't affect me, hence I can forcefully connect two Realms together even when the laws of Nirn are against it.

By being the anchor, I can do such actions that even Daedric Princes can't.

Which makes me believe that the one that sent me here, to Skyrim… Was myself all along.

Can I travel between Realities? Can I connect myself between them? So many questions…

"Then you know of what I am capable off." The Daedric Prince pursues his lips, his face scrunching up in barely restrained fury and indignation.

"I am sure all the other Daedric Princes have their gaze set on us right now." I lift my head to better stare at him, free hand on my hip, "I just need two seconds to scream out your full Nymic for them to hear and memorize."

"Two seconds I can easily buy by abusing the colossal amounts of Magicka around here." The darkness below me bubbles and expands, ready to move the moment the Daedric Prince tries to strike at me.

Here his powers are limited. I am sure he is still bullshit powerful, but he can't manipulate Reality as this isn't his Realm of existence where he is an almighty God.

Mehrunes clenches all of his hands into tight, trembling fists as he glares down at me, "I need assurance."

"Oh?"

"I need assurance that you will not share my Nymic with the other Princes." His gaze flicks towards Ahzidal, then towards the Eye of Magnus. Something clearly happens and changes, as I feel the shivering Ahzidal choke and quiver within my grasp, his eyes becoming lost as he stops his struggles.

"I will not unless you force me, or renege on our deal." I state, turning to stare back at the towering Daedric Prince's Avatar, "I understand the enormity of the disaster it may cause if I do so."

Mehrunes Dagon visibly relaxes at my words, and allows himself to let out a slow breath of clear relief, "Very well then. I will not try to open anymore Oblivion Gates for as long as you exist." With that, the titanic avatar stands and seems ready to leave.

"Say…" I start, making the Daedric Prince pause and throw me a confused look, "You wanna jump Molag Bal sometimes?"

The Avatar disappears in the blink of an eye.

Pussy.

"Only my boy Sheogorath's got the balls to put that bitch in a choke-hold." I sigh, then turn towards the dangling Ahzidal in my grasp, "Now, what to do with you?"

I consider just shattering him into ice crystals, but I pause when I hear the loud sound of heavy footsteps approaching.

"May I request you release him?" I turn my head to regard the speaker, a towering titan of a man taller than even Deinmaar, covered in bruises and with a gaping stab wound in his stomach.

"Ysgramor, I take?"

The titan chuckles softly and nods, "The one and only." Within one of his hands lay the massive Wuuthrad too, whole and not broken. "You must be Deinmaar's friend."

Slowly, I lay the hollow Ahzidal down, "Looks like you two had fun." Ysgramor chuckle turns into loud, roaring laughter.

"Indeed! He is a proper Atmoran." Stepping close, the titan slams Wuuthrad down right beside me, "Here; I leave this to you. Find someone worthy of wielding it."

"Someone worthy of leading people with it."

I release Ahzidal's throat and step back with a low sigh, my hand grips the handle of the heavy and massive war-ax for a short moment before I lift it up and move to step away, "Your boat still stands. It has been turned into a hall that now houses incredible and proud warriors."

Ysgramor stops momentarily at my words, and his shoulders grow less tense, and more relaxed, "I see… You have my thanks." I nod, then take a few steps away before turning around.

I watch as Ysgramor stops before the kneeling and slumped form of Ahzidal, who just stares at the ground with an empty gaze.

Until a sword is tossed before him, "Pick it up." Ysgramor commands, and Ahzidal trembles.

The shorter old man lifts his gaze and watches as Ysgramor turns around and puts some distance between them, "My lord…"

"Lord?" Ysgramor scoffs, "We are brothers, you fool." The other longsword he had in his hold is raised and pointed at Ahzidal, "Pick up that sword and come at me."

Ahzidal's eyes widen in understanding, "Ysgramor, I'm unworthy of granting you the death you deserve!" Desperate and hysterical, Ahzidal throws the sword on the ground away and all but kowtows towards the giant Atmoran, "Just kill me! For what I've done to you and the others!"

Ysgramor snarls and stomps on the ground, causing a miniature earthquake that has Ahzidal whimper, "You think I give a fuck about dying a proper warrior's death!?"

The titan roars, face scrunched in pure fury, "You think our brothers and sisters cared!?"

"Sovngarde is but a hall! We wild man and women can party even in the wilds as long as we are together, you fool!" The blade in Ysgramor's grasp starts trembling as he keeps it aimed at Ahzidal, "Like we've done countless times, after countless victories! Have you forgotten, Félagi?!"

Ahzidal stirs at being called with his real name, his eyes overflowing with tears clenching shut, his teeth gritting to the point of cracking and his hands balled up into trembling fists.

"I have failed you, brother… Just like you failed me." Ysgramor whispers, booming voice now quiet and comforting, "I could have stopped after I avenged Saarthal and my people… But you kept whispering venomous words in my head, rousing my hate and anger, further fueling that mad revenge of yours…"

"I saw it. I was aware of it. We all were… Yet we never tried to help you."

I watch the scene and sigh softly, then move towards the discarded sword to pick it up. I turn it in my hands, then walk towards Ahzidal and offer it to him.

His trembling eyes follow the blade all the way up to me, "You should do it." I suggest, confusing the deranged old man.

Slowly and with trembling hands, he takes the offered sword, "The Ahzidal I know off is different." I state, releasing the sword and turning around to walk back towards Wuuthrad.

"Your whole life has been wasted away for useless, foolish revenge." I rest a hand against the pole of Wuuthrad, "At least make sure that your death is worth something. If not for yourself, at least for the one you respect the most."

I shouldn't care about the type of ending this deranged man has, but… Deep down, I wish for him to at least have some solace.

Because if I were to lose myself… I'd wish to be granted some solace in my final moments.

I know I've been cutting it close, and I've only been hanging onto a slip of sanity thanks to Aurelia and Hildr and my feelings for them, but I've also allowed myself to get slack.

Because of Deinmaar, Kara and Lah's presence, I've started believing that it'll be fine even if I lose myself, as they can put a stop to me before it gets bad.

It is utterly foolish of me to think like that.

Ysgramor remains quiet as he watches Ahzidal slowly stand, then breathe in. The old man uses his sleeve to wipe at his face before finally meeting the gaze of his lord, "I accept your duel… Brother."

I cross my arms and lean back, and Ysgramor looks towards me, "I'll leave my boy in your care." I pause at that.

Does he mean that Deinmaar is-?!

I don't have time to question his words as the two ancient men launch themselves at each other.

There is no clash, no mighty battle of skill and strength.

Just their blades going through each other's hearts in a decisive strike.

Ahzidal shudders and breathes out, "P-Please…" I hear him wheeze softly, "Don't let them destroy the Towers…"

His form slumps soon after, life having left his eyes, which are soon closed by Ysgramor.

The titan of a man throws me a light, content smile before closing his own eyes… And he died just like that. Standing tall.

What a fucking chad.

"May you find peace in death."


[A Grand Soul (Titan) has been absorbed!]

[A Grand Soul (Enchanter) has been absorbed!]​


My first Grand Souls?! And two of them at the same time?!


[Grand Soul]

The powerful, ancient Soul of a living legend who has left their mark in history, or shaped it completely.

These mighty Souls each hold a unique characteristic related to who owned it.

These Souls can either be used to massively empower a fitting Spell, or devoured to gain the knowledge of the Soul's owner.​


So they are nearly as insane as Dragon Souls, huh? No wonder it's so hard to find them, as only beings like Kara or around her level may have such Souls.

I guess I can use the Titan one to massively empower my Juggernaut Spell, while for Ahzidal… Is it worth learning how to Enchant? I've been meaning to, but I just gave up on it due to me getting more and more tired, so I focused on what I already had.

But this is Ahzidal's knowledge that I am talking about. There probably is no better Enchanter other than him.

Something to think about later.

I grab Wuuthrad and lift it up, then turn back towards the Eye of Magnus just in time to see the last chain be shattered.

The colossal orb lights up even more just as the sky starts cracking and falling apart. And so does the ruined city.

The Eye of Magnus releases a colossal pulse of Magicka that erases the Pocket Dimension as it expands, and I turn to glance back at the corpses of Ysgramor and Ahzidal just as it sweeps past.

The corpses disappear, but I find myself standing in an empty, destroyed street in a dark and massive cave.

Around me, the ruins of Saarthal stretch forth everywhere underground, while the glowing and free Eye of Magnus pulses and thrums with constant waves of Magicka that sweep in all directions, possibly around Nirn too.

"Leo!" I perk up and turn, then relax when I see Aurelia and Deinmaar approach, a tired Hildr slumped over Aurelia's back.

Deinmaar is holding the upper parts of his armor under one of his arms, and he does look quite a bit disheveled, but Aurelia probably healed him.

Aurelia instead just looks a bit tired and wary, but no worse for wear, "Glad to see you are all good."

I turn to Hildr and gently cup her cheek in one hand as she smiles sweetly at me, "You shouldn't have pushed yourself so much…"

Her smile doesn't falter as she pushes her cheek deeper into my palm, "It's to make you sleep. Worth it." Gods, I adore her so much…

"Well, I guess our job here is done, then?" I state, tilting my head to stare at the woman standing behind the trio, making them all jump and turn to face her.

Vaermina's avatar smiles at us, her eyes two empty voids. Her appearance is that of an old lady now, hunched over in her black robes and leaning on a staff, "Indeed. You've kept up your end of the deal."

Despite the growing exhilaration within me, I still remain tense, "There's no hidden poison in this reward, is there?"

Vaermina laughs softly, "Please, I'd rather not have to deal with Sheogorath more than I have to." The old lady slowly steps closer, "I promise upon my name that your rewards are free of any binding contracts and schemes."

I mull over it for a bit, before just throwing caution out of the window, "Fuck it. Hit me with it." Vaermina chuckles, then points a finger towards me.

And suddenly, my mental exhaustion somehow feels physical too. My 'eyelids' feel heavy. As heavy as a mountain.

I have no chance to resist. Months of exhaustion hit me in the face with the most vicious haymaker in existence.

And everything goes dark.


….​


Aurelia felt like crying at the scene before her, as Deinmaar slowly helps Leonidas' slumped form down on the ground of the ancient ruins.

"He will be asleep for a while. Days, even." Vaermina informs them gently, "Just patiently wait for him to get his rest."

Aurelia sniffs, crouching down so Hildr could sit down beside the finally sleeping man, both of their eyes moist with tears.

"Thank you." Aurelia states towards the Prince's elderly Avatar, who just smiled and shook her head.

"It is I who should thank you." The Goddess states, her void-like gaze flicking upward, towards the pulsing giant orb that is the Eye of Magnus. "Now, state your rewards."

Hildr chews on her lower lip, then reaches towards Aurelia to grab her hand and pull her closer, "Could we possibly enter his Dreams?"

Vaermina blinks at the request, clear surprise on her Avatar's aged face, "You'd use your reward for that?" She asked, glancing at both Aurelia and Hildr.

The two smiled warmly at each other, then nodded at the Daedric Prince, fully determined.

"Very well then, do lay down." Vaermina instructs with a nod, "You will wake up after a full night's sleep, so make that time count." Both ladies nod and move to lay down beside Leonidas' slumped form.

Deinmaar smiled down at them, "I'll take care of things on this side." He reassures them just as the Goddess waves her hand and puts them to sleep.

"What about you, then?" Deinmaar perks up, his smile not faltering one bit.

"I am looking for someone." He states softly and directly.

Vaermina nods, "And I may know where that someone is."

Hope fills Deinmaar's chest, only for the Goddess to squash it, "But you lack the strength to save her now… For she is a prisoner of Hermaeus Mora within his Realm."

A bony finger reaches forward and taps Deinmaar on his forehead, and his gaze grows lost.

For but a moment, he looked within the depths of Apochrypha.

And there, at the peak of its highest pillar, was a pale white-haired woman bound in glowing purple chains.

Her eyes were closed, and her face seemed stained with tears as she lay there limply.

Deinmaar nearly shattered his teeth from how hard he was gritting them, his heart burning at the sight of the woman he yearns and loves deeply being bound in chains.

"Why does he have her…?" Deinmaar growls out, restraining himself from shouting at the Daedric Prince before him.

"You know well why, boy." The Goddess chides, "She was a student of Solomon…"

"The knowledge she holds, which has been passed down from her teacher, is something that Hermaeus Mora yearns and thirsts for."

Deinmaar scowls, before releasing a long breath and slumping down, "Thank you, Lady Vaermina."

The elderly lady bows her head, then turns away, "I shall take my leave now." The Atmoran nods and leans back as the Prince's avatar vanishes just like that.

His mind wanders back to that accursed sight, and his hands clench into trembling fists.

Only for his focus to snap someplace else as his sharp instincts and senses detect something off. "I know you are there." He states, standing tall and protectively over his three slumbering friends.

His gaze turns down the ruined road, where space seems to shimmer momentarily, before finally revealing three figures.

The leading figure in golden and red robes, an Altmer, raises his hands in a calming gesture, "Peace, we mean you no harm."

Deinmaar sniffs, his greatsword flying withing his grasp the very next moment, "The Psijic Order, I presume?"

The trio pauses, clear surprise on their faces, "...Were you expecting us?" The leading Altmer questions, apprehension visible on his face.

Deinmaar nods his head towards his slumbering brother, "My brother predicted you'd come for the Eye of Magnus." The trio tenses up even further, "Leave, and I will act as if I've seen nothing."

The leading Altmer chews on his lower lip momentarily, "Apologies, but that cannot be done-" His words choke when Deinmaar stomps forward, his very presence instantly suffocating them, "W-We don't need to resort to violence! The Eye! It is too dangerous to-"

"I don't care." Deinmaar shuts the Altmer in golden robes down with a sharp stare, "I trust my brother unconditionally, so whatever he does with this Artifact, I shall follow."

Quaranir shares a look with his two companions, their gazes tense and nervous, but also determined. Resigned, Quaranir releases a deep sigh as he calls upon his Magicka, "My apologies for this-"

The ceiling of the cave is suddenly torn apart, causing the light of the sun to rain down and light up the scorched ruins of Saarthal.

Quaranir tenses, but he was too late to act.

A minute woman appears between his two companions and snaps her fingers, causing them to explode and vanish without a trace.

"Man, Skelly-boy must be an Oracle!" Kara exclaims, a relaxed and chilling smile on her face as she reaches forward to poke Quaranir. "Piss off, mate."

The Altmer vanishes just like that, and Deinmaar blinks and tilts his head, "Was it necessary to kill them?" He questions as the flapping of wings rings out, with Lah's massive form slowly descending from the opening in the cave's ceiling.

"Best to send a message, can't risk them coming back over and over again after all." Kara points out, before glancing at the sleeping at the sleeping trio behind Deinmaar. Her expression softens and grows warm at the sight, "I'm glad to see that he is finally resting…"

Lah stomps closer, his gaze focused on the floating Eye of Magnus, "I can feel the changes happening already… The crippling effect on all Mages should vanish within a few years, at most."

Kara grins at the news, then falters momentarily, "Yeah, but…"

"Where the fuck are we gonna hide that damn thing…?"


….​


They awoke with a start, right next to each other.

Hildr was the first to shoot up to her feet, her lone eye wide as she swiftly gazed around, taking in the sight of the massive lake in front of her surrounded by a forest.

Aurelia sits up next and blinks a few times, then perks up when Hildr points at the other side of the lake, "There's a house there. Maybe Leo is there?"

They both sit up and start moving around the lake, with Hildr inspecting every little thing she sees, "I don't recognize these trees… Or the birds."

Aurelia nods in agreement as she listens to the bird cries, "Yes, their cries sound different… Could this be Leo's homeland?"

Hildr hums, the narrows her lone eye, "Now that you mention it… Isn't this place familiar? He spoke about it to us, when we were on the wall that night." Aurelia pauses, then takes in the scenery once more.

"His vacation home…" She mumbles aloud, having been told about such a place the night she and Leo confessed each other's feelings.

A home he used to go to when he was young, each summer. He used to spend hours fishing in the lake, or swimming in it. He loved the peace and quiet of it.

When they reached the strange but large house, Hildr took the lead in knocking first, but a loud splashing sound made them share a look.

So instead they walked around the house and to the back, where stairs lead to a wooden bridge built upon the waters of the lake.

"'Relia… Look." Hildr points towards some discarded clothes on the bridge.

A very familiar mask and set of armored robes.

Aurelia instantly became flustered, her pale face going as red as a tomato.

And that's when the water by the bridge splashed once more as a figure lifted himself out of the water, "Fuck yeah, I at least can feel stuff in my dreams!" The man sighs happily as he stands tall on the wooden bridge.

His hands dragged along his face, then brushed his shoulder-length bright golden hair back, while droplets of water dripped down his muscular and bare chest.

The man turned, a satisfied grin on his face, revealing nearly glowing purple eyes- That instantly snapped wide open when he caught sight of Hildr and Aurelia.

Aurelia had by now covered her burning face with her hands, but kept her fingers open so to shamelessly stare with quivering eyes at the man before her.

Hildr instead was also blushing darkly, but had a wide and lecherous grin on her face that showed off her fangs.

Leonidas blinks a few times, looks down at his state of undress… Then shamelessly grins and strikes a pose in front of the ladies.

Aurelia screams and flips around.

Hildr instead? She pounces.

Leonidas is the one to scream then.


A.N. Soo… Do y'all want lewds next chapter? I might write the lewds, but I won't post them on , so y'all will have to wait for the QQ/FF release for them.

Or, I could just write diabetes inducing sweetness.

Also, next chapter will finally have Serana appear!

I've also revealed how the Multicross travels will happen, which will happen in maybe a dozen or so chapters, give or take.

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Either way, hope y'all enjoyed this chappy!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Levky, Rajhan, Aschente and 794 others
Musashi-Chan
Dec 8, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 50 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Dec 27, 2025
Add bookmark
#4,987
I nearly crumbled when I felt Hildr's arms wrap around me.

I felt it.

I could feel it.

I could feel her arms around me. I could smell her perfume. I could feel her warmth. Her softness.

I could feel her in my arms, and feels hers hug me tightly, hands trembling, lips pressed against mine as tears flowed down her cheeks.

My arms wrap around her smaller frame tightly, and I hold her like my life depends on it, craving every last minute thing my nerves register.

Scent, taste, touch- All of it and more.

Hildr breaks the kiss overflowing with so much feelings after a few seconds and sniffles softly, hiding her whimper by pushing her face into the crook of my neck.

"Thank you." I whisper in her ear, a smile on my lips that I can actually feel.

As Hildr's hug grows tighter, I flick my gaze up towards Aurelia, still bashful and covering her face due to my current nudity.

She tries and fails to avoid my gaze, my eyes narrowing and my smile growing… Well, very fucking hungry.

"Oh boy…" Hildr notices my gazes and releases me, "You might wanna run, girl!"

Aurelia squeaks, face as red as a tomato, but it was too late. My hand grip her lovely hips, her eyes blow wide open as I pull her close, and then she all but melts when I kiss her, nearly crumbling to her knees.

And I don't kiss her normally, no. I've been hungry for some of her for a long, long fucking time.

So I went in deep. Hungry. Making her understand just how much I yearn for her, and how much passion and love I have for her.

One of her trembling hands comes to rest on the back of my head, her tongue trying and failing to keep up with mine as she quivers and melts in my hands.

By the time I break the kiss, I left the very innocent but breathtaking woman with a dreamy and lost look in her eyes.

I turn to Hildr, and raise an eyebrow when I take notice that she was enjoying the show, her gaze quite heated. "What? I swing both ways." Fair enough.

...Now I kinda want to see her and Aurelia make-out.

Being able to be horny again is very, very dangerous. Even if this is my Dream.

I release the still stunned Aurelia and will some pants to appear on me so to be less nude, my gaze softening and my shoulders sagging. "Did you really ask Vaermina to hop into my Dreams?"

Hildr shrugs, "There was nothing either of us really wanted, so why not." Her lone eye then looks me up and down very slowly, "Definitely worth it. Right, 'Relia?"

"Uuhh…" That was the intelligent noise the still flushed lady lets out, earning a snort from me and the redhead.

Shaking her head out of pure amusement, Hildr moves and throws her arms around me, planting her lips against my cheek as she hums happily, "I'm so fucking happy you are getting some proper rest…"

I chuckle and lift her up with one arm, using the other to pull the stiff Aurelia close, "Yeah… I know this is a Dream, but… It is nice to feel things again, even if it'll be for just a moment."

It's… Hard to get used to feeling so many things once more. Touch, scent, flavor… It is all so overpowering. Well, lust too, which is currently like a blazing inferno because how can I not want to plow these two beauties silly?

"What are you thinking about?" Hildr asks, making sure to press close against me. It is the little gestures that she does that show me her love.

The way she makes sure I can breathe in her scent, feel her touch, feel her warmth… She is dangerously becoming very, very addictive. And I love it.

"Just… About the events in Saarthal." I sigh out, bringing both of the ladies to the end of the bridge on the water.

We sat down, feet dipping in the cool water, fishes that shouldn't be in a lake swimming below us just because I want them there.

And as we sat them there, I told them about my experience with Ahzidal, our fight, what I gleamed from it, and I mostly kept out the majority of my deal with Mehrunes Dagon so to not embarrass the fucker too much.

In turn, they told me about theirs. About how they fought the Five-Hundred Atmoran Companions, about how Hildr used a simple Spell so to circumvent the insanity-inducing hunger of her transformed state, and about how the Atmorans clung to life through sheer Will alone.

And the aftermath of the battle between Deinmaar and Ysgramor. Apparently the earthquakes I kept feeling and the ones who split the city in half were those two.

My buddy physical might is downright insane…

"It all felt… Scripted." Aurelia states quietly, leaning against my left shoulder and holding my left hand in both of hers, her dreamy gaze still there, "We were all sent where we'd shine best. Like… We had a purpose. Something to do."

Hildr nods, "We helped the Companions move on through a worthy battle."

"Deinmaar gave Ysgramor a battle that should go down in history."

"And you…"

I hum softly, leaning back with my hands, staring up at the sky. With a thought, orange light washed down on us as morning became afternoon.

The forest parted, and the setting sun became visible. All with a thought from me.

"I wonder if he played us. Played me." What would Sheogorath say? "One cannot plan around an insane fool, I guess."

Ahzidal, you twisted fuck… Any outcome would have satisfied you, huh?

Had he won, he would have unleashed Oblivion to erase the Mer Races from existence.

Had he lost, he'd still have granted his closest people a worthy death, and crippled those he hated for entire Eras.

Or was none of this planned? Was it coincidence?

Yet it all felt scripted. Fast. Meant to happen faster than anyone could realize what was truly going on and… Try to change things.

Did you not want someone to try and talk you out of those crazy plans of yours, Ahzidal?

Did you just yearn for an ignoble death as the best outcome?

I know that the 'script' we were sticking to derailed due to Ysgramor, and his decision to 'battle' Ahzidal at the very end, so that they both could enter Sovngarde together.

I sigh and slump my shoulders.

What a masterful play. Truly what you'd expect from an insane man who can change his mind within seconds.

Was it all planned? All a coincidence? I can't fucking tell. At all.

Either way, the best possible outcome out of that ordeal was achieved in just half an hour, all because – by chance, apparently – we were all placed where we'd shine best from the very start.

It was like someone challenging me at chess, and giving me the side that is three moves away from getting a perfect checkmate no matter how I move the pieces.

We were put on the spot, forced to defend ourselves or fight back in order to destroy the chains, and not given any time to think...

Doesn't matter. We got the Eye and fixed the crippling effect its seal caused, so there's that.

"What do we do now?" Aurelia asks, her half-lidded eyes staring at my face like a love-struck teenager, making the raging fire in my chest just burn so much hotter.

"Now? Now we just… Lean back, and relax." I chuckle out, causing both ladies to yelp as I let my back fall on the wooden bridge, bringing them down with me. "My head is clear now. Clear of that panic, that dark fog, and not tired."

"And I… I've realized I can't do everything for Skyrim. We can't do everything for Skyrim."

Leaning on my chest, Hildr looks up with her lone eye, a soft smile on her face, "What do you mean?"

I run my hand through her hair as I answer, "We can handle the bigger, more powerful threats like Dragon Sages and Great Sages, or the more powerful Dragon Priests… But we shouldn't handle every single battle."

"Skyrim needs to fight too. They are warriors, and they'll welcome this challenge with open arms and smiles on their faces… So we can't treat them like babies and do everything for them to protect them, lest we just offend them."

"I think that's why Kara hasn't gone off to erase each Dragon Priest off the face of Nirn with Lah… Because she knows this. She'll only act when she needs to act. When a threat equal or close to her level of strength presents itself."

And I think she never brought this up with me because she knows that with my tired mind, I'd have likely fought back against such a thing.

"But… Will it really be alright?" Aurelia softly asks, leaning on the other side of my chest and joining Hildr in looking up at me, making for a most alluring and unforgettable sight. "I don't want to say that they are weak… But…"

I smile and pat her head in comfort, making her sigh in such an adorable way as she leans into my touch. "They are weak now, but now that the Eye is free…"

"They'll grow stronger, and stronger and stronger again… Until even Dragon Sages will struggle against them."

These are people who, for countless generations, lived in the land where the Eye of Magnus resided. I dare not speculate, but there must be a form of blessing that should impart them.

They'll become titans wielding pure physical might. They'll return to the monsters that managed to bring down the Dragons of the past through pure hate.

If they can do it once, I have faith that they can do it once more.

"Plus… The final passage of the prophecy is underway. Any hot-blooded bastard out there will soon start pouring into Skyrim so to become part of History."

The Empire will help despite needing time to recover, and I am sure the Thalmor will either plot or try to stir shit in their favor… Until I decide to pay their country a visit and leave it a wasteland so to gobble up on a few tens of thousands of Souls and massive increase my strength once more.

My thoughts are interrupted by a gentle pinch on my side, making me blink and give Hildr my full attention as she mounts me and sits on my chest, "We should be relaxing. Forget about the world, and the prophecy."

"Just focus on us."

I smile, and one of my hand gently grips her lovely hips.

Her lone sparkling green eye overflows with adoration and so much love, her smile growing as she sees my hesitation. "We don't know when we'll get another chance like this, so…"

One of her fingers slowly trails down my bare chest, leaving behind a lingering warmth that is overwhelming for my touch-starved nerves.

"...Let's make sure that you'll have something unforgettable to keep you motivated, yeah?" Her purr is like pure electricity flowing through my veins, making goosebumps rise all over my skin.

Her lips part like a wolf baring its teeth, sharp canines visible as she licks her lips with visible hunger within her eyes.

Until a palm mushes against her face, "H-Hildr! S-Such things must be done after marriage so to p-procreate and-and-and-!" Aurelia's panicked, adorable rambling come to an end when Hildr cups her face and looks into her eyes.

And then kisses her.

I blink, whistle, and lean back as Hildr makes out with Aurelia with a passion that is just… Very, very hot.

And Aurelia? She melts against Hildr too, and is soon left a panting and whimpering, dazed mess by the time the tongue-filled kiss is broken.

Licking her lips, Hildr hums softly, "Yeah… Like hell I'm letting you two go." She states, before yelping when I flip us around, pinning her back on the wooden planks of the bridge.

Her confident gaze falters, and she soon flushes shyly.

And with my eyes filled with both a bashful and shy Hildr and Aurelia…

Yeah, like hell I could hold back.

~~XXX~~​

"You're leaving?" Kara asks, blinking in surprise at the towering Atmoran that had just lifted a large bag over his armored shoulders.

Deinmaar nods, light smile on his face, "Just for a bit. There is something I wish to check, and that I've put back for far too long." He states, his gaze tranquil and focused, no longer lost and depressed like it used to be.

Kara sags her shoulders, gentle smile on her face as she stares up at the giant, "When can I expect you back, then?"

"Before brother wakes up, hopefully." Deinmaar muses softly, gazing towards the right wing of the College, where Leonidas' sleeping form had been securely placed until he had his proper, much deserved rest. "If not, I should still be back before he decides to handle those Vampires he spoke off."

Kara nods, then jabs a thumb behind her, "Want my hubby to give you a quick lift?" She offers, drawing the attention of the royal blue Dragon intently studying the colossal orb floating above the College.

"I'll be alright. A good walk will do me good." Deinmaar chuckles, and Kara resists the cheeky desire to point out that he has to walk, for there are no horses that can hold his weight and size.

With a hum, the curly haired woman twirls her hand, conjuring a slip of paper with a glowing golden Original Rune on it, "Here. Use this in case some emergency happens that you can't handle by yourself. Me and Lah will come running the moment you activate it."

Deinmaar takes the slip of paper with a grateful smile and stores it within the chestplate of his dragon-bone armor before straightening himself, "I'll leave everything in your good hands, then."

"I tend to fuck shit up a lot, so… Don't trust me to handle things properly." Kara proudly reveals, not noticing the way Lah nods profusely behind her.

Deinmaar decides not to point that out and just sighs with an amused smile on his face, "Just… Take care."

Kara snorts and watches the giant depart with a smile on her face, and watches him go until his form disappears past the broken bridges leading to the College. "Man, it's nice to see him like that. And all it took was getting his shit kicked in by fucking Ysgramor himself. Boys, I swear..."

Lah chuckles softly as he lumbers behind the minute woman, "That is the Deinmaar I know off. I am glad to see him back too."

Kara hums, then turns to stare at the empty courtyard. Despite the giant artifact hanging above the College, no student or teacher hung around to study it.

Because the crippling effects caused by its seal were already starting to lift… And now, each teacher and student were achieving breakthrough after breakthrough in things that had originally stumped them for months, years or even decades.

Kara wasn't affected by the crippling effect of the seal, but she was awake to see it slowly take effect over countless generations of Mages since the First Era.

So she had already figured out that the crippling effect only started effecting each new generation. She also had a theory that the effect was stronger towards long-lived Mer Races due to how slowly they reproduce, but she brushed it aside after realizing that it was likely accurate.

"The recovery won't happen through each new child being born. It works differently from how the crippling effect took place." Lah nods, returning his gaze to the glowing Artifact above.

"The closer they are to this Artifact, the faster they recover. Even my own theory was wrong." Lah had suspected that the recovery would slowly take place over the matter of months, maybe a year or few…

But each student and teacher beneath the Eye had started improving at a terrifying pace. Even Kara herself found that her mind was… Sharper, in terms of understanding the deeper mysteries of Magicka.

And she wasn't lacking in that department, as she knows very well she is among one of the greatest magical minds ever born.

"Moving the College is starting to sound more enticing…" Kara muses softly, chewing on her lower lip in thought.

Bringing the College and the Eye closer to Whiterun would assist the whole of Skyrim in recovering much, much faster.

She'd be able to recruit more Mages with greater ease, and build groups of Healers and Battle Mages faster than she had originally thought.

She and Lah couldn't handle every threat to Skyrim lest they earn the ire of the people, so she could at least offer them teachings that they could master at a rapid pace with the help of the Eye.

"I believe it is best we further study the Eye for a moment." Lah offers softly, "I'd rather not risk this boost to intelligence bringing some form of insanity as a side-effects."

Kara flinches lightly and clicks her tongue. Yeah, she'd have to make sure the students and teachers remembered to eat, sleep and take breaks lest they die over their now much easier studies.

She'll probably have to move the Eye away after a few hours each day, lest its effects become dangerously addictive.

"Yeah, we best be careful. Same with the book." Kara drawls out, grasping the book with a patchwork cover attached to her side through magic.

The Ohgma Infinium, which she and Lah had retrieved swiftly after their trip to the frozen Atmora. It was easy to break the ancient box it was sealed into with their magical might and cunning, plus they hadn't encountered the lunatic Leonidas had told her would likely be there.

The was a camp there, right by the ancient box holding the book, but whoever was using it had left not too long before their visit, likely to gather supplies.

"I can feel Tentacle Freak's gaze on me each time I hold the damn thing." Kara scoffs, so attuned with the planes of Oblivion and Nirn and with Divine beings that she could tell when one had its gaze on her.

"It is likely rigged." Lah offers, giving the book a spare glance before focusing fully on the giant Eye floating above. "Perhaps what Leonidas theorized might be true."

Kara nods in agreement, "Yeah… I'd rather not risk this book going blank once I read it once. I can wait until I break whatever bindings are placed on this thing before reading it." Twirling the book, she turns a mischievous grin towards her lover, "Not like it's the first time we stole shit from a God, am I right?"

Lah chuckles deeply, "Good old times." Their moment was broken by the sound of frantic footsteps approaching.

A panic-stricken Savos Aren rushes out of the open doors of the main building of the College, making Kara raise a curious brow, "What has got your panties in a twist, kid?"

Panting and gasping from breath, the paled Dunmer gulps loudly, "The seal…" He rasps out, eyes glowing with horror, "The seal in Labyrinthian has been broken…"

Kara narrows her gaze, "The Dragon Priest there is called Morokei?" She asks, mainly towards her relaxed and calm lover.

Lah nods, "Indeed. A fearsome but cunning Mage. Were it not for Deinmaar's lover, he'd have been the one to inherit the name Konahriik."

Slowly, Lah chuckles, golden eyes shining with mirth, "How predictable of him… To start moving the moment the beast falls into slumbers."

Savos Aren and Kara furrow their brows at the Dragon's words, before they realize the deeper meaning of them, "You mean… He started acting because Leo is sleeping?"

"Indeed." Lah confirms, baring his jaws towards his wife, "It means that even with that powerful artifact within his hands… Morokei still does not foresee a perfect victory if he and Leonidas were to come to blows."

Kara's eyebrows shot up at her husband's words, for they were enormous praise.

After all, Morokei was a monster in the same league as her, or around that level. He was just… Far more dangerous due to his cunning mind.

He was the man that, even after all the betrayals and everything Konahriik and Deinmaar did to make sure the Resistance had a near one-sided victory, still managed to nearly turn the Dragon War around.

He made sure the Resistance paid a bloody price for that victory. One that Kara theorizes the world still hasn't recovered from.

But how does he not foresee a victory against Leonidas?

Is he afraid that the idiot will just walk through all of his plans and traps and whatnot without problem…?

"Slumbering beasts awaken when the unknown variable is momentarily out of action…" Lah muses softly, golden eyes glinting sharply, "It appears Skyrim must weather one last storm before they may enjoy a momentary quiet."

Recovering from his horror and worry, Savos Aren gulps heavily and straightens himself, "But… How does Morokei know that Leonidas is unable to take action?"

Kara furrows her own eyebrows at that. Her senses spread, but she doesn't find any form of Magic or scrying runes set up in either the College or the whole of Winterhold.

Lah chuckles, "The Masks, obviously." Kara's eyes blow wide open, and she acts instantly, disappearing from her spot and appearing within the room Leonidas and his two paramours were sleeping.

Two ancient masks fly into her hands the moment she appears, a glowering glare in her eyes as her Magicka pours in. "Oh, you twisted bastard…" Scrying Runes, hidden deep within the intricate patchwork that are the Draconic Enchantments placed upon these artifacts.

Morokei had been spying on them this whole time.

Kara scoffs, a bad taste in her mouth as she erases the Runes with a flicker of her Magicka. A rather useless action now that the enemy knew all of their plans.

Luckily, there isn't much he can do with it, for he knows very well that if he dares covet Auriel's Bow he'll enrage Lah, something no sane individual would dare.

The rest of the plans they discussed were vague, with Leonidas not sharing a direct location for any of the things he spoke off.

Kara chews on one of her nails in thought, glowering frown on her pretty face. Would there be something that Morokei would covet within among the things Leonidas mentioned?

Kara swiftly focused on just one thing. One very powerful tool that could prove disastrous.

An Elder Scroll.

"Cunning bastard…" Kara huffs out, returning the cleansed Masks to their rightful place with a wave of her hand. She'd have to check Deinmaar's once he returns too.

Her gaze trails towards the robed figure sleeping motionless on the large bed, flanked by his lover.

A gentle smile spreads across her face at the sight.

She'll let Morokei scheme and plot all he wants, for she knows the truth that the Dragon Priest likely will refuse to accept.

He lost the moment he needed Leonidas to become unavailable so to start acting.

~~XXX~~​

Skyrim was changing. Some Mages deeply attuned to Magicka could feel it, others just had a keen sense that something was different.

The dried remnants of the Gildergreen within Whiterun started blooming by themselves, recovering at a rapid pace without any assistance being given.

The air felt more fresh. Invigorating. Crops started blooming as if assistance by Magic itself.

Sick people suddenly rose full of energy, and the elderly stood and walked around as if back to their youth.

Warriors pushed themselves beyond their breaking limits and kept going, finding themselves growing stronger at an insane pace.

Farengar found his studies becoming easier. His mind and the countless problems filling it was slowly being untangled, allowing him to do his duties far better than before, something he relished in.

And within the monastery atop High Hrothgar, several elders raised their heads towards the sky above. They could feel it, and hear it.

A storm was coming. One that could make or break Skyrim. One that could cripple its war preparations… Or grant them what they needed to truly stand and protect themselves.

The Greybeards could feel it. The mourning of the Sky. The sadness it radiated.

Arngeir sighs deeply as he stands, the cold winds of the mountain brushing past his elderly face as he gazes into the distance.

He knows what this all means, and it saddens him greatly.

A great master of the Thu'um will soon be unleashed upon Skyrim.

His calm gaze turns skyward for but a moment… Before he smiles and brushes the snow off his dark robes.

Quietly and slowly, a thin old man started the grueling descent down High Hrothgar to fulfill a much needed purpose.

Meanwhile, a sealed evil stirred deep within an ancient, forgotten crypt in the mountains north-west of Skyrim.

The clicking of a staff is the only noise that fills the ancient hall of a throne room ravaged by battle and time, with the once mighty throne turned replaced by sarcophagus wrapped in thick, rumbling chains.

"Even a rabid dog has its uses…" A raspy voice speaks up, the wielder of the glowing ethereal staff that drew in Magicka from the surroundings taking slow steps towards the coffin. "Sickness is always a weapon one can use..."

Behind the figure and hidden within the darkness lay other figures, all clad in ancient robes and dragonscale armor.

All wearing Masks.

Vokun and Volsung remained back, bowed deeply on one knee, heads lowered as Morokei advances towards the sealed, chained sarcophagus.

"To remove a rival." A flick of the staff, and one chain wrapped around the upright prison shattered.

"To cause havoc during war." Another chain shatters with a tap of the staff.

"To waste enemy resources." A low exhale, and the final chain shatters, clattering heavily on the ground.

Morokei's Mask glows brightly, warding off the darkness as the sarcophagus slowly creaks open.

"Or all of the above. At the same time."

The sarcophagus bursts open, a figure cloaked in baleful green flames stomping out of it with a wrath and madness that would make the Mad Star proud.

Chains rattle and stop the figure, a skull wrapped in bright green flames that released the howls of demented Souls stopping just before Morokei's Mask, with the Dragon Priest not even flinching.

The giant skeleton of Otar the Mad glowers down at his former master, a lone chain wrapped around his skull and between his open jaws.

"A rabid dog has its uses." Morokei repeats, reaching up to pat the trembling skull of the mad giant, "I hope your wrath has become fine fuel for your Voice, Otar the Sky-Breaker."

Baleful green flames swell, and the bound giant pulls at his chains as he roars.

The entire mountain chain quivers. The earth rumbles and the Heavens quake as clouds start to gather and spin.

Chuckling, Morokei undoes the chains and steps aside, releasing the mad dog under his control as Vokun and Volsung quietly quiver beneath the immense pressure released by the giant.

"Now, we just need one last piece…" The cunning strategist muses as he slowly starts to walk away, "Vokun, Volsung… Make yourselves useful, and assist Otar until I come back."

The roar was felt across the entirety of Skyrim, and all the way to the lands of the Empire.

In the wilderness of Skyrim, in a small camp set along the road, a Breton man clad in Ebony Armor stops the sharpening of his blade to raise his head towards the sky.

A Dunmer woman disembarking from a ship in Windhelm's port pauses for but a moment before her gaze regains focus.

And beneath Whiterun, a black skull tilts lightly, their grip over the Ebony Blade growing tighter until cracks cover the Daedric Artifact.

Paarthurnax's eyes slowly close as he witnesses everything, a deep sigh leaving his jaws as he slumps, "Why must we wage war? Why must we battle? Why must blood be spilled?"

Once more Dragons and Man would battle. Once more the Thu'um must be used as a weapon of war.

Turning, the ancient Dragons gives his full attention towards an ancient wound left in time. Formed when Alduin was sealed away with the usage of an Elder Scroll, this Time Wound could be used by some to witness that final battle before the World Eater was sealed away.

But for Dragons, being deeply attuned with Time itself as they its children, they could use such Wounds to peer into the River of Time and gaze backward.

It was why Paarthurnax had made this spot his home, for there was no better place to contemplate his failure than the exact spot where he could witness them ad infinitum.

And so, like he has done tens of thousands of time, Paarthurnax dives backward in Time to witness the very moment he became aware of his purpose.

The very moment he knew that he must aid the mortal Races, and not stand beside his brother.

The landscape changes within moments, and like always, Paarthurnax finds himself standing before the shoulders of his past self, but a ghostly spectator of events that cannot be changed.

"You are leaving." Paarthurnax turns, his gaze falling on the towering form of the World Eater sitting before a small hill. Those glowing red eyes, once filled with arrogance… Were now filled with sadness. Disappointment.

Emotions Paarthurnax had not known Alduin could feel. But what did he know? Had he ever tried to talk to his brother? Had he ever tried being a brother, instead of a soldier? A warrior that does one's bidding?

No… Paarthurnax never did. One of his many, many regrets.

His gaze, slowly, turns to the cloaked figure standing atop the hill, the source of Alduin's sadness. The only mortal who could claim to be Alduin's friend.

The billowing darkness of that long cloak swells and dances beneath the gentle light of the setting sun, the face beneath hidden by a simple, innocuous Wooden Mask. "I am. I've finished what I came here to accomplish, and overstayed my welcome too."

The man's voice was ethereal. A thousand voices in one. Young and old. Male and female. It was like talking with a million beings at the same time, all housed within the same vessel.

Solomon turns to stare at the setting sun, "War will come, Alduin." The Lord of Demons states gently, a hundred voices echoing his soft whisper.

Alduin growls, claws flexing into the tender earth below, "It will be squashed. No one can stand against me." The World Eater arrogantly states, earning a chuckle from the masked Sorcerer. "No one but you, my friend."

Solomon's chuckle slowly ends, "I do have a very talented student, you know?" He reminds the World Eater, who clicks his tongue like a child. "She may defeat you."

"She won't." Alduin stresses out.

"Maybe not." Solomon shrugs, "But Humans are cunning and treacherous, my friend. Your arrogance is easily used against you."

Alduin growls, "Why are you telling me this, Solomon?" The Dragon presses, a hint of pleading within his tone, "Why must you leave?"

Paarthurnax stared at his brother sadly. His brother was lost. He was sad. He was feeling things he never did before, and he clearly hated these new feelings.

"…I am a very treacherous bastard myself, my friend." Solomon reveals, turning to fully face the setting sun, hands crossed behind his back. "I plotted, calculated, studied, and double-checked everything. And that is why I am here. Why I came here."

"I walked back against the River of Time." Solomon chuckles as the shadows swell, his laugh backed by thousands of demented Souls that make up his existence. "I left the Gods in the future, all for this."

"All for a treacherous plot that they cannot witness. One that they cannot stop."

Solomon turns, "I will deprive you of your purpose, World Eater."

Alduin stills, and the younger form of Paarthurnax balks in horror at the spoken words, "That is preposterous!" The World Eater rages, "That is going against Fate! Against the very reason I exist! I was born, to Destroy! It is why I came to be-!"

"Oh fuck that!" Solomon shouts is echoed by millions of raging voices, the shadows swelling and devouring the valley, "Your purpose?! The reason you were born!? Fate!? Fuck all of that!"

Alduin trembles and steps back, shocked and silent at his friend's outburst, "No child should be born, just so that they can be hated."

It was there, that young Paarthurnax started to understand.

"If you truly accepted this purpose, and you were Fate's bitch, then you'd have already torn this World asunder and reset the Cycle, Alduin." The World Eater avoids his friend's gaze, knowing that he was right.

"But I know I cannot change your mind through words or power alone." The Sorcerer from the future states softly, a hundred mournful voices backing his words, "Yet know this, my friend…"

"I will tear Fate asunder."

That declaration echoed across the River of Time, yet there were no Gods to hold witness to it.

"There will come a day when Dragon will be loved. When they and mortals will coexist."

"And there will come a day where you can be yourself, free of the chains Fate has wrapped around you."

The World Eater shuts his eyes and clenches his jaws shut, his head bowing low. "Don't go…"

Solomon steps forward, a lone head stretching to rest upon Alduin's head.

"We'll meet again." He assures, "I'll be a little younger, less wise, more reckless."

"You won't recognize me. And I won't recognize you as my friend."

"But know that everything I've done up until now is for you."

And young Paarthurnax understood what he had to do on that very day.

If a mortal was working so hard to make sure Dragons prospered and could coexist with the mortal Races… Then why couldn't a Dragon do the same?

Solomon pulls back and starts walking away. Alduin started to move, but forced himself to stop.

His jaws opened and closed, his eyes grew panicked and fearful.

The World Eater wanted to beg. He wanted to rage. He wanted his friend to stay back.

...But he held hope. Hope that this friend of his could achieve the impossible.

"Why are you doing this?" The one to ask such a question was the younger Paarthurnax.

And a chuckle was his answer. A happy, joyful chuckle. One not backed by other devoured Souls.

But one that just had Solomon's oh so familiar voice, and his happiness.

"What can I say…" The robed man starts, reaching up to remove his simple Wooden Mask. "I'm just a sucker for Happy Endings."

The Mask comes off, and the Lord of Demons disappears, as if he was never there, returned to either his proper timeline, or another random date in the future.

And Paarthurnax steps out of the Time Tear himself, a low sigh leaving his jaws. "A sucker for Happy Endings, huh?"

Slowly, the ancient Dragon gazes up at the sky, gaze more tranquil than before.

"I guess we are one and the same, then."

~~XXX~~​

Kara had to wonder what Leonidas did to his girls within his dream to leave them staring into the void for nearly three whole days in a row.

Aurelia was a constant flushed mess, and she would sometimes giggle to herself and hide beneath the covers of the bed like a bashful teenager.

Hildr… Hildr was drooling. Constantly. As if she was a wolf staring at a juicy steak, with even Gretel struggling to make her older sister focus for even a few seconds.

Whatever that man did to the ladies clearly had changed their lives… For about three days.

For the next four days? Kara watched the two women wrap chains around the sleeping skeleton, and wrap more around his bed.

Then board up the windows. Fill the ground with traps.

Then board up the doors. Then the corridor. And the stairs.

By the seventh day of Leonidas being asleep, Kara was still very confused about these extreme containment methods being taken.

So, she did the reasonable things… And just asked the ladies.

Aurelia's still-flushed face was all smiles. A smile filled with pure dread. "When Leo wakes up, he'll be well-rested." She had said before dragging the massive chains meant to hold down cargo ships at the port towards Leonidas' room.

Kara was left confused… For about five seconds. Then she and Lah frantically started helping the two girls in sealing the sleeping catastrophe lest he be unleashed on Nirn at full power once more.

And now, he'll be able to rest. Meaning Leonidas will always be at his worst.

Gretel watched the chaos alongside Poopdaggah, sitting by the bed covered in massive chains.

And it was because of that, that she was the first to see it happen.

She saw Leonidas' head turn, his purple flames for eyes focus on her… And then the chains turned into frozen powder.

"Between Heaven and Earth…" The man announced to the horrified room while somehow standing up as he struck a T-Pose, his upper body lifting off the bed by itself, "I alone am…"

He struck a pose, head tilted, gaze lofty, as if he had ascended to Godhood, "...The silliest one."

Silence.

And then- "Woe, Poopdaggah be upon ye'!" Leonidas throws Poopdaggah towards Kara, making the woman screech in fear and disgust.

Said Riekling flew across the room with a fart and a cry of "Bomboclat!" like usual as he latched onto the Second Archmage, who tried to fend off the howling creature.

Aurelia and Hildr stood by the doors, flushed and trembling as Leo descended from the bed like a God stepping within the mortal realm, his arms spread aside as he chanted "Hallelujah… Hallelujah…" Beneath his breath.

"L-Leo… Dear…" Aurelia starts, voice trembling, gaze shy and bashful, but also determined to save people from the unspeakable horrors Leonidas will inflict upon them. "J-Just… Behave, okay?"

This was the same as telling a human being to stop breathing air.

"Aurelia, my beloved…" Leonidas sighs, his voice overflowing with charm and love, instantly making the silver-haired beauty melt.

"Aurelia, don't fall for his charm!" Hildr shouts, but it was too late. The Dragonborn fell before she could put up a proper battle.

Hildr wouldn't fall so easily, though!

So, Leonidas… Turns towards Gretel, "You know, your big sis kept begging me to give her lots of 'puppies'!"

Hildr wails in utter horror, shame and embarrassment while Gretel crumbles to the floor in a fit of wheezing laughter at the reveal of what Hildr's cries of pleasure were.

And like so, Leonidas steps outside the College and takes in a deep breath.

Lah watched him from the side… And decided not to even try, as he could still hear his wife screaming from within the building, followed by the sound of glass shattering and a screaming Riekling getting launched across the Ocean.

So, the almighty Great Sage of Knowledge… Tries and fails to whistle as Leonidas strolls and skips happily towards Winterhold.

And soon, chaos fell upon that poor city.

Seven people went missing, five more were lost at sea, two were left comatose after getting choke-slammed through a table, the floor, and into the wine-cellar below the inn by a so called 'Wombo-combo' from Leonidas and Poopdaggah.

Savos Aren was found crucified within his chambers inside the College, muttering something about 'Masks' and 'Undead' being his greatest trauma.

Poopdaggah was somehow elected as the new Jarl of Winterhold during the whole chaos.

During his starting speech he let out a low, whistling fart that lasted one minute and forty-seven seconds. That was his whole speech.

It received a standing ovation that lasted two hours. Many were left crying. Rumor say it was because of the fart, but it was soon shot down as heresy against the great Poopdaggah.

According to eye-witnesses, Jarl Poopdaggah declared death to all Thalmors and free worship of Talos.

And during the celebrations, Jarl Poopdaggah and his best friend Leonidas disappeared, riding off into the snow.

Thus, we move to a certain crypt.

Sealed away within her cramped prison, Serana stirred. Her throat was parched, each gulp feeling like she was swallowing scorching sand.

She could hear voices. After so long. How long has it even been?

She tried to keep count, once upon a time. Counting seconds, then minutes and hours, then days and months… And then the hunger got worse and she lost count.

She didn't try to pick it back up.

"-must be here-"

"-Lord Harkon will be pleased-"

Harkon? Her father?

Was he looking for her?

"-do about the girl?"

"-cares? Just grab the Scroll-"

"-was told she was a beauty…"

"-want to enjoy her before leaving?"

Serana tried to sneer. She failed, for she was too weak. Of course they were here for the damnable thing on her back.

Of course her father only cared about that. She had hoped… But what did she expect, from the man who ignored the survival of his family after the most horrifying moment of their life, and instead was elated due to the power he earned for it.

It was beyond foolish of her to think he'd change. That he'd start to care.

The voices became clearer as her prison shuddered and seemed to rise.

"-do we open it now? It doesn't react to our blood-"

"-must be some trick-"

"-can't we break in-"

"-too dangerous-"

"-daggah."

"-fair, fair- What the fuck is that-"

Serana stirs when loud, horrid blood-curling screams reach her ears as some kind of creature slaughtered and tore apart her father's servant.

The sheer terror within their voices made her wonder what kind of horror her mother had sealed her away with to make sure she isn't freed… But she was too tired and hungry to care.

That is, until she started feeling cold. Her, a Vampire, feeling cold.

Thick, glowing frost lit up the darkness of her prison, coating the enchanted stone walls completely until they cracked, then shattered loudly.

Light flooded her eyes, making Serana flinch, then grunt as she stumbled forward, falling into a pair of arms that easily catches her.

Slowly, she blinks her eyes open and-

"Hey, you. You're finally awake."

...Why was an Undead holding her?

And why was there a Riekling drenched in blood looking at her over his shoulder?



A.N. And so, Serana is finally here, ready to be bullied and suffer under Leonidas' presence.

Not really, she'll absolutely adore his antics.

Also yes, I decided not to write the smut scene in the end. Didn't feel like it! Though, it was implied!

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Either way, hope y'all enjoyed this chappy!

Toodles!​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Levky, Rajhan, Aschente and 781 others
Musashi-Chan
Dec 27, 2025
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 51 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jan 19, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,031
When she woke up, Serana half expected to feel groggy and weak from her intense hunger… But while she felt it, that weakness never came.

Her eyes blink open, her back resting on a very soft and comfortable bed, aching the pains of being forced to stand in a small crypt for who knows how many centuries.

An unfamiliar ceiling greeted her, and her tongue slowly slides over her dry lips. She felt hungry, yet something was pushing that aside, allowing her to think and sit up on the bed she was resting on.

The room was large, filled with bookshelves, an Enchanting Table and even an Alchemy Table. A couch, another large bed, and two large windows facing a massive stretch of water that extended past the horizon.

"Daggah." Serana jumps – she does not squeak – and flips towards the couch she had seen, a small head staring at her – not really, the eyes were staring in two different directions – from over the top of the couch.

The weird Riekling sniffs, then Serana watches as it leans back, then disappears from sight. That was followed by something falling on the ground. "Daggah…" Came the whine soon after, confusing the already confused vampire a lot more.

Until she decides to ignore the weird Riekling and moves to stand up on her bed. Her old, dusty and eroded by time clothes had been removed, replaced with a nightgown that went past her knees and was more than modest enough.

Serana gingerly raises a hand to fiddle with the necklace wrapped around her neck. She could feel an Enchantment on it… And she believed it was related to the reason on why her hunger wasn't affecting her until she passed out again.

Her old clothes were laid down on a desk. Clean and repaired, but also smelling very nice. A smile pulls up the corner of Serana's lips despite herself… Though it soon dips when she notices the certain lack of a massive scroll.

"Of course…" She sighs out, moving to dress herself in her old clothes while making sure to not remove the necklace. Once dressed, she slowly moved closer to the window.

For a moment, she thought she was back home, within that accursed castle her father made his after her slaughtered the nobles that occupied it once.

But the lack of a bloody stench assured her that wherever she was, she wasn't within her father's clutches. She did faintly remember a robed Draugr being the reason she was freed, after all…

Shaking her head, the ancient vampire moved to leave the room, finding herself in a long hallway littered with other doors, each set quite a distance away from the others.

"Leo!" A shout catches Serana's attention, leading her to one of the large windows on the wall in front of her. Gazing out of it and down, she peered at a large courtyard with a massive statue at the center of it, right before a large pair of doors.

"The College of Winterhold…" Serana muses to herself, easily recognizing the statue and the main courtyard, then focuses on the source of the shout.

A beautiful silver haired woman, scoffing and pouting cutely up at the large statue of Shalidor, "Get down! Right now!" The woman shouts, stomping a foot on the ground while pointing a finger at her feet.

Serana raises a brow, then looks at the statue. On top of its head was the same robed Draugr that had saved her… And he was doodling on Shalidor's face with colorful pencils.

What the fuck…?

"You're going to beat me up, so I won't!" The robed man shouts childishly, tossing a colorful pencil at the silver haired beauty, who swats it out of the air with a fond and amused glare in her eyes.

"You won't even feel it!"

"It's the action that matters! I did not sign up for an abusive relationship!"

The silver-haired woman groans loudly, pale cheeks flushed as she pinches the bridge of her nose. A smaller woman with curly hair and freckled cheeks walks to her side, patting her back with a comforting smile on her shoulders, "To be fair, he is just making my father's statue look more appealing."

Serana stills at that, her sharp hearing catching those words despite the tone not being so loud.

Father's statue…? Shalidor had a daughter?

"Kara, he has been causing disaster after disaster since he woke up!" The silver-haired woman whines to the supposed daughter of Shalidor.

"Hence why you should let him doodle." Kara nods, cheeky grin on her face, "He won't blow up houses and start a food fight at the tavern like this."

"He did those before coming here!"

"And it was fun!" The Undead in question shouts down, having frozen Shalidor's face so he could lounge on it, "It's nice to see people run and scream when they see me… So refreshing!"

"...Dude, are you on something?"

"I'm on some nonchalant type shit!" The Undead exclaims, lifting his gloved hands to wave them through the air while making some weird hand-signs, "Gang gang!"

The silver-haired woman starts sobbing and crumbles to her knees, and Serana pulls back from the window and stares at the ground with a confused frown on her face.

She tried and failed to wrap her head around what she had just witnessed. That was supposed to be the guy that 'saved' her…?

...Well, at least he wasn't some douche-bag. Yet.

"Oh, you're awake!" Serana twitches. A shudder goes up her spine. Her eyes, staring at the ground now marked by an oddly shaped shadow, widen and quiver… And slowly – very slowly – she turns to gaze towards the window once more.

And there, plastered against it, basically making out with the glass… Was the Undead. Two purple flames stared at her from beneath the hood, with his body plastered star-fish style against the large window.

Serana takes a step back. Maybe if she doesn't look at him, he'll think- "Our eyes met." The vampire twitches again. "Try and ignore me and I'll shove a snowball down your back- Wait fuck! You're nearly immune to the cold! Fuck!"

His swearing grows more distant as he falls, releasing the window so to crash back down into the courtyard below.

Again… What the fuck?

"Daggah." This time Serana does scream, and nearly kick the fat ugly Riekling that had appeared next to her across the hallway.

With an exasperated huff, she turns and stomps away. Just what manner of idiots had rescued her!?

When she exited the wing of the building she highly suspected to be the dormitories, she found the Undead still throwing a tantrum over her immunity of the cold, kicking and punching the ground like a child, with the silver-haired beauty trying to drag him away.

"Serana, right?" The vampire turns, gazing at the shorter freckled woman. "I'm Kara. Archmage of the College of Winterhold." The curly-haired woman smiles softly while offering her hand. A gentle, motherly smile that makes even Serana relax and take the offered hand in a light shake.

"I…" Pausing, Serana licks her dry lips and breathes in, "You seem to know me." Kara nods without hesitation, then jabs her thumb towards the Draugr throwing a tantrum.

"Thanks to him. That's Leonidas, by the way." Now she had a name to use for the idiot… "He just knows stuff no one shouldn't. You'll get used get used to it."

Serana nods, slowly. Knows stuff others shouldn't? Sounded a lot like someone tied to Hermaeus Mora, and yet… Her eyes peered into the dense darkness clinging to his robes.

Then peered into the depths of that abyss- Until a pair of fingers snapped before her eyes, "Don't look too deeply at his robes." Kara gently snaps Serana out of her daze, with the vampire finding herself suffering from a nasty headache for some reason.

"W-What… What is that?" She whispers beneath her breath, not even managing to remember what she saw within the depths of that darkness. And unsure if she even wanted to remember what she saw.

"The Asylums." The minute Archmage tells her softly, "They are attached to him. Just don't pay attention to it."

Don't pay attention to the literal realm of insanity clinging to a silly Draugr? Yeah, easier said than done…

"Either way…" Kara hums, and leans back as she looks at Serana with a critical gaze, "You sure you wanna leave your Elder Scroll behind?" The vampire freezes at that.

"I… What?" Her eyes blink profusely, staring at the minute woman in shock and surprise, "I thought you guys took it?"

It was now Kara's turn to blink, "No? I've studied my fair share of them in the past." The Archmage reveals with an uncaring shrug, before nodding towards Leonidas, "Skelly Boy over there put it beneath your bed."

Serana gapes. She was so, so confused. "Why didn't you take it?" Again, Kara just shrugs.

"I have one in my vault, and the dumbass over there knows where a few others are located." Who the hell are these people!?

Regaining control over her rampaging emotions, Serana draws in a slow breath as she slowly gets serious, "May I ask why you saved me?"

She questions Kara, but the one to answer was the Draugr named Leonidas, "Several reasons!" He calls out, jumping to his feet before hopping closer with a cheerful gait, "First, I found the fact you were sealed since the Second Era very fucked up. We are in the Fourth Era, by the way."

So she's been sealed for thousands of years? Wonderful.

"Second reason, and the most important!" The Draugr claps his hands together, and Serana narrows her gaze. The most important reason? She already had a bad feeling- "Sheogorath has been putting hands on that fat bitch called Molag Bal quite often. Thought you should know."

…

What?

Serana's brain just… Restarts. Her mind goes blank. She just fails to wrap her head around what she just heard, not matter how hard she tries.

"Don't worry, I'll be shoving a Spell up that cunt's asshole in the future. Just for the love of the game." Serana throws a desperate look at Kara, who had a huge grin plastered on her face.

"Count me in on that, Skelly Boy!" The two cheer and high five, and the vampire just gives up finding someone of sane mind among this group.

The silver-haired woman was glaring at her for some reason… And given the very, very powerful Holy aura just pouring out of her, Serana could guess why.

Though she, for some reason, tolerated the existence of the Draugr…

"And the final reason…" Leonidas turns, his voice growing gentler as he fully faces the pale vampire beauty, "Your daddy wants your Elder Scroll to track down a powerful Divine Artifact that, if doused in your blood, can cloud the sun in darkness, thus allowing vampires to roam outside without problem."

Serana gulps, her throat drier than before. She remembered the words spoken by the vampires that had found the crypt she was sealed in.

So eager to just use her for their pleasure and go back with only the Elder Scrolls, clearly because her father did not care about her well-being, but just for more power.

As expected of the man that did not rejoice when she and her mother survived… That ordeal, and instead drank their blood so to become a powerful vampire himself.

And seeing the emphasis Leonidas put when he spoke of her blood… He clearly knows her 'status'. The reason behind her being more than just a Vampire.

Then the words that Kara spoke a bit ago ring out within her mind, and Serana decided to test them out, "What about my mother?" The affection she felt towards the woman was very dim right now. Serana will never forgive her mother for the countless wasted years, all spent suffering from endless hunger and just passing out over and over again.

"She's still alive." Leonidas reassures, and Serana hates the fact that her shoulders sag in minor relief at that. "But her situation is… Complicated."

And her shoulders grow tense once more, "Does my father hold her hostage?" Despite her current weakness, Serana bares her teeth and is all but willing to charge into the castle, so to raze it to the ground once more.

"Nah, that fuckwit wouldn't be able to do that." A snort of surprise escapes Serana despite herself. Oh, how her father would explode if he were to ever be insulted to his face in such a way… "Your mother fucked up and, to escape him, went into the Soul Cairn. She is currently imprisoned there."

Of course things couldn't be so simple. "Great, might as well be hopeless now…" Serana sighs, shoulders slumping in defeat.

Until Leonidas chuckles, "Please, you just gotta ask for help." He shrugs confidently, "Plus, there's a good pal I wanna drag out from that shit-hole."

Kara turns a curious gaze towards Leonidas, "We'd have to deal with the Ideal Masters, though."

The Undead tilts his head at the Archmage, "So? I'm the World Eater 2.0, I'll just waltz into that place and turn it into an all-you-can-eat."

The minute woman snaps her fingers at that, "I was thinking about blowing it the fuck up, but I like your plan better, Skelly Boy!" The two idiots once more cheer and high five each other, much to Serana's confusion.

"Y-You'd just help me? Just like that?" The ancient vampire was skeptical. There was just no way someone was this kind. "You want nothing in exchange?"

Leonidas just… Stares at her. "I get to beat the bloody shit out of your daddy, that's payment enough." The absurdity of his words bring out a surprised laugh out of Serana.

She nearly falls back, her lungs aching from the surprise of the laugh leaving her lips. A laugh that felt so, so good.

"Y-You're an idiot, aren't you?" Serana chuckles out, wiping a stray tear out of her right eye, shoulders still shaking from the sudden burst of laughter that left her.

The idiotic Draugr actually gives her a thumbs up, "The greatest idiot this side of Nirn indeed!" And again, Serana bursts out laughing.

She wasn't used to this. To the sheer honest idiocy this Draugr radiated. He was pure, honest, and direct.

Not like those vampires that littered the castles, with flowery words always wrapped in sharp thorns, always ready to tear out a pound of her at any given opportunity.

This was like having a Jester around the Royal Court, one who ignored all decorum and flowery barbs and went straight for the verbal and physical violence, while somehow keeping it all fun.

"If you think he is an idiot now, just wait to see the bullshit he gets up to…" Kara sighs, palming her face with a fond smile on her face, "Since he brought you back, it has been one disaster after another."

"He got into a brawl in the Inn, walked out, broke into jail, got into a brawl with the inmates, punched an inmate so damn hard we still haven't found the poor fucker… Then he walks out, and starts another brawl in the Inn."

"He sets a Khajiit on fire, tosses another one down a building to see if 'he lands on his paws', insulted a Nord so horribly that the guy still hasn't left his bed, and so much more…"

Serana wanted to cry from laughter. Just what kind of absolute idiot ended up saving her?! What even made him like this?!

"What about the Bosmer I hung from the cliff?" Leonidas suddenly asks, making the silver-haired beauty and Kara stare at him with wide, horrified eyes.

"The fucking what?!"

"Leo! Not again!"

And of course, that's when a fucking Dragon decides to land in the courtyard.


~~XXX~~
​

"So you're just… Alright with me leaving and doing my own thing?" Serana questions, holding a large jar half-filled with the blood of a Frost Troll.

She already downed three jars so far, and she was nowhere near getting close to recovering from thousands of years of starvation. It'll take her a while to get topped up, and she can't really force it.

"Alright…" I sigh, straightening in my seat within the canteen of the College, "I'll put my foot down now rather than later." My arms rise to rest on the table, and Serana gives me her full attention.

She looks well. Much better than the dusty, pale and barely conscious mess that I dragged out of that tiny ass seal she was buried in. Not to mention how she was next to naked due to her clothes having eroded, whatever Enchantment having been on them unable to be sustained due to Serana's weakened and starved form.

But now that her clothes are repaired and she is recovering? Goddamn is she stunning. Really the Goth of all Goths.

Mature, utterly immaculate, and very curvaceous. Though, due to her past, I'm barely giving her a few looks of appreciation.

She does not deserve someone perving over her after what she lived through.

"You're free to do whatever you want. Even leave with that Elder Scroll of yours." I start, then lean forward as Serana's eyes widen in confused surprise, "While yes, I'd prefer you'd stick around, that's just until I deal with your father. He has two whole Eras over you, and I am sure by now Molag Bal has made the fucker his Champion."

The vampire beauty leans back, blowing a breath through her nostrils as she does so, "If my mother saw fit to run away from him, then he is truly far too powerful to handle…"

I snort at that, "Meh, I'll just throw 'Relia at his dumbass." Not that I can't fuck him up by myself after how powerful I've become. And I do still need to use Ysgramor and ahzidal's Souls.

Serana blinks, then turns to the still quiet Dragonborn sitting beside me. Aurelia was all cute glares and arms crossed, never letting her gaze stray away from Serana for more than a second.

The two women stare at each other for several quiet seconds, with Aurelia just glaring, while Serana doesn't even seem bothered. Until her eyes widened in realization, "Ah, a Paladin of Arkay." Then she looks at me with a frown, "How are you even hanging around her?"

I, of course, give her the honest answer. "She's my lover, actually." Aurelia squeaks and falls off her chair, her face going as red as Hildr's hair. Ah, her shyness will never not be adorable.

Serana just gapes at me, "How…?"

I shrug, "What can I say? I'm just that sexy." Kara snorts. "You shut up. You married a Dragon."

The Archmage slams her hands on the table with an affronted cry, "Don't you dare bring my sexy as fuck hubby into this, you fuck!"

"Oh you wanna fight, lady?!" I stand up and pull my sleeves back, while Serana tries and fails to contain a weirdly amused smile.

Kara pulls back her sleeves too and rolls her shoulders, "I'm gonna hit you with a Spell that will put a hole through Nirn, I swear by the Eight!"

"There's Nine now, actually." Kara tends to forget this a lot, I realized.

Serana perks up at that, "Wait, what?"

Of course, I don't have time to answer her as I focus on the minute Archmage, "Also, why does it sound like the whole 'put a hole through Nirn' thing is something you've done?"

The one to answer isn't Kara, mostly because she twitches and instantly starts whistling innocently as if she got caught doing something bad.

No, it's Lah, who is wrapped around her neck in his miniaturized Astral Projection, "Because she did. Several times." Kara twitches again, her whistling growing desperate, "One time she got stuck in Oblivion and so punched a hole through Reality to get back home."

"The amount of Daedric Princes that hate her will likely startle you." Lah sighs out, pure fondness in his voice. But also exasperation.

"Let me guess… All of them?"

"Close." The Great Sage snorts, "Jyggalag absolutely loathes her." Meaning that Sheogorath absolutely adores her.

"Okay, time out on this." I tap out for the moment and return to my seat, then face Serana, who has been left greatly confused by our conversation.

Maybe about Talos, or about how absurdly powerful Kara is. But honestly, it is easy to guess why she is so insanely strong.

She is someone who made the absurd force that is Magic her bitch. She isn't her father, who was a master at weaving it- No, she instead is a master at making Magic do whatever she wants.

Magic, the power that doesn't make sense because it is created within the Dream of a being that could put an end to this Reality just by waking up.

A being that is akin to an Eldritch Great Old One. This being is so Eldritch that if anyone fails a performance check when they become aware of it, they get erased from Reality itself.

They withstand that knowledge? They ascend to Godhood. Straight up.

This is just how insane Kara is. Magic is her bitch, she managed to make it weave to her liking by creating Chants, and making Magic itself remember such a thing that it became a well-known technique for Mages to master their control over their Magicka.

She isn't just some pioneer. She is so downright terrifying that she doesn't feel much of a difference when being close to the Eye of Magnus.

While every other student, Aurelia and Hildr included, teachers and Savos Aren too, all are facing improvement after improvement in their training.

Magic is basically a power that people here strive to understand, but it cannot be understood, for it is basically something as Eldritch as the one who Dreamed it into existence.

It is why so many who start walking down this path go insane. The more they study… The more they don't understand. Or in case they catch a glimpse of the truth, their mind is completely and utterly eroded.

It's why a God like Sheogorath is so feared by his fellow Daedric Princes.

Because his madness isn't always about that idiotic babbling or crazed laughter.

His madness comes when an ant sees as a human does. Feels as a human does.

It understands the markings we leave behind are words, symbols with meaning, like the way they use pheromones.

It understands that the monoliths around them are our homes. Where we work. Like their tunnels.

Its mind works in infinitely more complex ways. It can move faster than it has ever done, to lands it could have never dreamed it could see, smell and taste things it never did, and feel the raw intensity of each unfiltered emotion.

All of that knowledge, all of those views, those tastes, the love, the embarrassment, the memories… And then the ant is an ant once more.

Things it cannot comprehend anymore have left its mark within its very Soul and body. It cannot comprehend all of these things anymore, and can only remember. Can only feel phantoms it cannot understand.

After that, the ant cannot go back to being an ant anymore. It seeks to go back to that state. To feel those things once more, to understand as it did before. To feel as it did.

It needs to see and smell and taste all of those things, and it will do anything to show itself it was true. To show the others – and itself too – that nothing in the tiny world it once thought enormous truly matters, for they did not see what it did..

That's madness.

And that's the madness the other Daedric Princes fear. The madness of a mortal suddenly seeing as a God does, and not collapsing upon witnessing that truth weighing down on them… And instead rising higher from it, like Talos.

That's the madness of Sheogorath.

I snap out of my thoughts spiral just as fast as I fell into it and focus back on Serana, "I didn't free you to make use of you. Freeing you was one of the first things I wanted to do, in fact." I tell her honestly, surprising the beautiful goth vampire once more, "It's just that the whole end of the world thing didn't really give me time to do that"

Plus, antagonizing Harkon so early on wouldn't do well. Now that I have enough power to likely slap him into ice shards? Yeah, he is a non-issue.

"Once Harkon is dealt with?" I shrug, "You can stick around, or travel. It's your life, and I sure as hell don't and won't dictate what you have to do with it."

Her eyes, two glowing orbs of reddish-orange color, never blink or leave my form as she remains quiet for several long seconds, "You are a very weird man, Leonidas."

I sniff, "You consider me weird because the people you used to hang around were some prideful, arrogant twatwaffles."

Serana chokes on the blood she was sipping, "T-Twatwaffles?!" Her head is thrown back from the sharp bout of laughter that escapes her, and I can see Kara write down the insult while nodding sagely to herself.

"Are you saying you aren't weird, Leo?" My beautiful Dragonborn asks, her cheeks still flushed, but her lips were pulled in an amused and fond smile that could make my heart ache. If I had one.

"Oh no, I am." Serana's laughter redoubles at that, "But you gotta be a little bit insane if you want to throw hands with a God. And man, the things I'm going to do to Molag Bal…" He is catching the meanest fade this Godhead could ever Dream off.

I'm going to have his fat ass sprawled across his Realm in the weirdest, most horrid and anatomically wrong pose that could ever be conceived.

Serana comes down from her bout of laughter, a finger wiping at her teary eyes, "You must really be insane to threaten a God aloud…" She sighs out… Only to pause when Kara and Aurelia just stare at her with a defeated look. "...It's not the first time, I presume?"

Kara sighs deeply, "This motherfucker told Mehrunes Dagon to fuck off, and the Daedric Prince actually did, not even a week ago. I'm not even joking." Not my proudest moment- Nah, fuck that. I'm proud of that.

I crashed out on a Daedric Prince. Who else could ever say they did such a thing and walked off unscathed, but not with a nasty grudge?

"Not to mention how he managed to get a Blessing from Lord Arkay…" Aurelia sighs out, her voice so defeated and hollow. She still can't wrap around that, huh?

Serana is now openly gaping at me like I am some kind of weird creature. And she has seen Poopdaggah walk around while doing Poopdaggah things. "I… I need some time to just… Process everything."

I nod and watch the vampire stand up, and Kara hops up beside her, "I'll bring you books about any important events you might need to catch up on, so give me a bit." The Archmage offers, and Serana gives her a thankful but tired smile.

And like that, the two depart, leaving me alone with Aurelia. Who instantly yelps when I move her on my lap. "L-Leo!" I just hum, and she huffs cutely in defeat, slumping against me and resting her head on my shoulder, "...She seems nice."

I hum again, gently rubbing a hand up and down her back in comfort. What I've done to her is quite cruel, as she has basically gone against her oaths not once, but twice now.

First for me, and now for Serana. She should move to eradicate us both, but instead she doesn't, and I know that it tears at her.

Not me, of course. That hasn't bothered her for long. It's Serana, and I believe it is a mix of duty and jealousy. "You don't have to worry about her, you know?" I reassure her, making sure she understands the real meaning of my words.

Aurelia quivers lightly, then sighs softly, "I'm just… New to all this." One of her hands comes up to trace the edges of my hood, her bright eyes staring at me with so much affection and love that it's overwhelming, "I feel so… Possessive. I just want you all for myself, and it makes me want to get violent when…" She doesn't finish her words, but I can guess what she wanted to say.

"...Are you about to start gathering your own hoard of gold?" Aurelia freezes. Then her shoulders start to shake. "...Or will it be skeletons, since I am what you desire most?"

Her wonderful laughter fill the air, but my question was actually serious! Will I suddenly walk into her room to find her napping on a pile of gold, or on a pile of bones!?

Well, if she goes with bones, Hildr might be happy too. Gretel more than her, as Hildr tries not to show that she enjoys crushing bones under her teeth.

I've seen her eat chicken legs and just devour them down to the bone. The crunches always make me shudder, yet the sight was so damn hot that it am still confused about it.

Why do I find Hildr turning bones to powder with her teeth hot? Bah…

"From now on, let me know whenever there is something bothering you, okay?" I whisper softly to Aurelia as her laughter dies down, making her hum softly and happily at my words, "I know this whole relationship sharing thing has to be weird. I feel blessed, but I am also nervous, as I want it to work out."

Her beautiful lips pull into a wide smile at my words, her eyes bright as she gazes into the flames that work as my eyes, "I mean, it is a bit weird, but… It's not so bad." She shrugs and moves to rest her head back on my shoulder, "I know that Hildr was half serious when she said she was into women too, and just said that so to maybe make it less awkward? I don't know…"

While I do know that Hildr swings that way too, I can tell that her words to Aurelia back then were more in hopes of making the relationship less weird if they started to court each other too.

Aurelia wants all the attention for herself, and so does Hildr, but at the same time they do not want that. Those are just their instincts from their Dragon and Wolf sides respectively.

Hildr has a good handle on hers since she's been dealing with them since youth, while Aurelia's just awakened a few months ago, so she isn't used to them, especially since she is a mostly quiet and peaceful woman.

So she is overwhelmed by all these new and powerful feelings. Which… Cute.

"I'll just annoy you both in equal amounts, don't worry."

Aurelia sniffs softly, "...Can I give my share to Hildr?" Oh, you evil beautiful woman!

"I'll tell Hildr you said that." Of course I'm gonna snitch. This is part of the 'annoy you both' package deal, after all. "Where's my favorite wolf and her feral tag-along, by the way?"

Haven't seen Hildr and Gretel since I woke up. Hildr might be stuck in her magical studies, but Gretel? Since Poopdaggah isn't hanging around her, it means she isn't busy doing some crimes in Winterhold.

And Gretel does not do quiet.

"Hildr is studying." Aurelia yawns out cutely, "Kara gave her a book she wrote and now she's abusing the Eye of Magnus to go through it."

"And Gretel?"

"Stuffed herself during breakfast and passed out right after." She is more relaxed now that she is back with us, not having this need to cause chaos so to make others notice her.

It's funny that, despite the fact that I enable her, she is the calmest when she is around me.

"I should probably get to work myself…" I sigh out, making Aurelia blink at me from my shoulder, "There's a Spell I want to work on, and something I want to run by Kara. Shouldn't take too long, hopefully…"

It is about time I put the two powerful Souls in my possession to good use, after all.


….
​

"Yeah… Those are definitely the Planes of Oblivion…"

My concentration snaps, and the portal wrapped created by a wall of darkness snaps shut after Kara and Lah peered at it and through it long enough. "Fascinating… A power to open Gateways to other Realms without the need of powerful anchors…"

"Or sacrifices." Kara adds in, making the Lah's small head nod softly, "How hard was it to keep open?"

I rest my hands on my hips and look at the wall where the wall of darkness stretched from my feet still lay, occupying more than half of the training room we were in. "Not hard. At all."

Kara's eyes blow wide open, "By the Eight, that's just…" She breathes in, then out, "And you just realized you've had this power? You didn't recently gain it?"

I sigh out, reaching up to rub the back of my skull despite the fact that I can't feel, "I'm going to share something with you, that I can't with others." I start, and both Kara and Lah grow serious, for they know what I mean. It's something related to the Dream.

Both Kara and Lah know of the Godhead, but Kara has kept it as a 'suspicion' and is basically half a foot in the last step of the Psijic Endeavor.

She's basically been avoiding it by just not thinking about it directly. Just bringing up the word Dream aloud or thinking about it can make her take the full step, and she'd lose Lah, and the Dragon would lose her.

Either outcome of the Psijic Endeavor basically ends with her ripped away from the one she loves.

"I'm not from… Here." I start, "I'm from outside of it." The eyes of the Archmage and the Dragon couldn't grow any wider.

"So that is why the River of Time itself does not work properly… It cannot account for you, hence why you are an Anomaly…" Yeah, the whole reason Alduin tried to come and take me out personally.

Dragons can peer at the river of time, which only flows forward. Dragons can swim in it, but again, only to go forward. No being can go backward in the River of Time. None.

But Alduin? He can peer forward, and see the events that are to come, and plan around them, or to take advantage of them. He is the only Dragon capable of doing so… And now I've taken this power from him just by existing.

The other weakness of this power is that Alduin cannot see if his plans to combat or prepare for what he sees further down the River of Time will work.

He can't see a future, make a plan, then check if that future changed because of this plan of his. He sees one thing, then has to prepare for it, and hope that it doesn't change too much due to his actions.

But with Alduin being arrogant, he didn't really abuse this power during the war, hence why it led to him being imprisoned.

His arrogance in his immense power led him to not prepare for the event he foresaw, and ended up causing it to happen because he didn't meddle.

And now that he is back, he got desperate, and started using this power, hence why he went for Helgen. He wanted to remove the Dragonborn before she could rise.

...And then I appeared, and he lost this power of his, and it has made him panic ever since.

"So you used this power to come here?" Kara questions, eyes sparkling with that thirst of knowledge of hers, one that she shared with Lah.

My answer isn't quick, and I just mull it over for a few seconds before drawling it out, "I think so."

Both Kara and Lah blink, then the eyes of the Archmage slowly widen, "You didn't mean to come here…" And then they fill with horror, "...That's when you died, isn't it?"

I nod, and she lets out a slow breath. Her eyes turn to the wall of darkness and narrow, "...You didn't mean to come here, and you were likely torn apart during the trip, leaving you as a Draugr." One hand rises up to cup her chin, "This sounds like a backlash of sorts…"

Lah speaks up right after, "It definitely is. To come here, he had to be reduced to… Nothing, so that he could become more… By taking from others."

I freeze at that, "...You think this power that I have, similar to Alduin's, is meant to… help me?" It sounds absurd, honestly.

This is a terrifying power, one that could corrupt anyone, and that I resist from abusing each day despite the believable excuses I sometimes come up with.

Lah shakes his head, "Any power can be used for both good and bad. It is something that it took even someone like me to understand fully." The ancient Dragon sighs out, rubbing his ethereal head against Kara's cheek, "Good intentions can sometimes hurt those around you. Bad intentions sometimes may bring good for others. The end result always varies."

"You can use Restoration Magic to heal a sick child, but it can also be used for torture by healing the victim over and over again so that the torture can keep going."

"Fire Magic can be used for destruction, but it can also be used to destroy diseased bodies in a funeral pyre, allowing the sickness to not take anymore victims, thus letting the spirits of the fallen rest peacefully knowing they won't drag down their families and neighbors down with them."

"Water Magic can be used for watering crops, but can also be used to case great floods that take countless lives and destroy a great deal of land."

"Every power can be used for to do evil, or to do good." His old, gentle gaze meets the burning flames that are my eyes, "Even the power of the World Eater."

My shoulders sag, and I let out a breath that I wasn't holding, and that I couldn't hold. It was just anxiety and self-doubts flowing out of me now that the walls made of foolish excuses crumble under the wisdom of a Dragon that has lived through countless Eras.

I'm sure he has witnessed the best and worst of all the Races. Their Golden Age and their downfall, and they way they clung to survival until the very last moment.

"Thank you, Lah." I roll and square my shoulders, my voice relaxed and light, "I needed that."

The Dragon gives a fanged grin in turn and nods my way, "We can't have you falter on us now, can we?" True. I've fixed the sleep issue, but that has left some lasting effect I'll have to deal with time and care.

"Right, anyway…" I start and turn towards the wall of darkness still held in place, "We've confirmed that I can use this to travel to other Realms like Oblivion… What if I try to open a portal out of here?"

The Archmage and Great Sage freeze at my question, their eyes blowing wide open within seconds. "I… It should be possible, since you came here…"

And I did so when I didn't have any power whatsoever. I imagine now I can open a portal across the Multiverse – if it even works that way – and make it so we don't get blown up by a backlash of sort on the way.

"It most definitely is." Lah perks up, drawing our attention as he floats off Kara's shoulders to land on my head, "The portal to Oblivion you just opened… You did so after you were given a good description of the surroundings."

I raise a finger, then lower it the next second, "Yeah, I only managed to find an… Anchor, after I had a good visual of the spot in my head."

The Great Sage nods, "Then, for a portal out of here… We require the same thing. A good visual." He has a point.

I can't just drag them out of here on some random spot across the Multiverse and risk us getting stranded in space, so… I'll have to think about a decent world to go. One where we can profit in.

"I'll have to think about a target for a while, then I'll get back to you." Kara nods, looking quite excited to test this possible theory. Though, I believe she is mostly excited to discover the magic system of a whole different world and make that one her bitch too.

I doubt this one poses much of a challenge to her anymore. And that's quite the scary thought, for she accomplished all of this without even being a long-lived Race.

"What about the other theory you wanted to test?" Kara questions, leaning back and taking a seat on a platform made of nothing. Air Magic refined so well that she can make a seat for herself… She's just showing off at this point.

"This power of mine-" I wave my hand towards the darkness blooming forth from my feet, like a sheet of complete black that swallows all manner of light. "-Is very versatile, but its major weakness is that it disappears quickly when it isn't in contact with my."

I show it off by taking over the whole left wing of the training room, then snapping away the shadow that stretched out that sheet of abyssal darkness.

Within two seconds, all the rest faded away like it was never there. "Got any idea on how to resolve this issue?" I cannot stretch this domain while in the air and can only use myself as a conduit, but I'll need to find a solution since large scale battles here are quite common.

Just the ground beneath my feet being destroyed can dispel all the abyssal darkness and the twisted creatures I've conjured previously, ending up with me wasting my Magicka uselessly.

"Okay, I got an idea. But it's weird." The cute Archmage starts, hopping back on her feet so to approach me. "Gimme your hand." I tilt my head and raise my right hand, allowing her to grasp it with her much smaller ones.

I watch as she removes my gauntlet, the frozen bones beneath me also caked in that darkness that shrouds my robes as a form of protective layer.

Without saying a word, Kara just snaps my pinky off with a twist of her hand, making me pause. "Good thing I can't feel pain, lady…" Both she and Lah snort, and I tilt my head when I see her toss the pinky to the other side of the room. A new one already grew back through the use of my Magicka, so it isn't a problem.

"Try to move that finger." Kara says, nodding towards the discarded frozen bone.

I look down at my fixed hand, and watch as it clenches and relaxes. Then I turn my focus on the discarded finger, which hasn't fallen apart like it should.

I am an Undead, yes… But I can heal. No other Undead can do this. I am unique in this regard, as I can use my own Magicka to regrow my own body.

I am just a Spirit possessing a body made of bones that has been growing as a better host for my Soul. Meaning that if this body of mine is but a puppet controlled by my Magicka…

The finger twitches, then curls up as I focus. Soon after, darkness blooms from it, creating a wide pool beneath it as Kara whistles, "You really are a weird existence, Skelly Boy."

I shrug at that, "Don't I know it…" I whisper, but keep my focus on the severed finger.

Jagged spikes of ice grow out of it as it slowly floats off the ground, controlled by my mind and my Magicka. Wreathed in a sheet of darkness, a massive frozen spear takes shape, release a powerful chill that makes even Kara shudder.

A notification of a new Spell being made blinks in my head, but I discard it as I take a gamble… And use ahzidal's Soul to Evolve this new Spell.


[The Grand Soul (Enchanter) has been used!]

[Your Spell has Evolved!]

[Keraunos]

A Spear containing the Essence of the greatest Enchanter in History, one who molded Runes in ways no one else could.

Enchantments have been woven into this Spear, granting it the capability to change its shape, form and size according to the Caster's will.

This Spear can become anything the Caster imagines.
​

It can't evolve.

I knew it, taking this gamble was worth it. While Ahzidal's immense wellspring of knowledge about Enchanting was quite alluring, it isn't my path.

While this System allows me to do everything I want, I best not stretch myself too thin, and try to learn too much. Not until I have the time to afford such things.

The floating Spear twirls and flies around the room, going faster and faster as I can easily keep track of it, as if it is part of my senses. And then it crumbles, disappearing into ice shards.

Before reappearing beside me, and getting cloaked in the abyssal darkness. "Oh yeah, this is good."

Kara hops close, cupping her chin as she studies my new Spell with a critical eye, "Imagine using a Fus Chant while hurling this bitch…"

"Or the Whirlwind Sprint Shout." Lah adds his own two cents, making Kara wince.

Yeah, this bitch could break the sound-barrier if I use that Shout with it. Even just a Word should do it, imagine two.

And imagine those two Words with my Draconian Howl.

"Now, for the final change…" I clench my hands, the thick and powerful Juggernaut frozen armor wrapping around me, making me taller and bigger. An absolute tank instead of a glass cannon.

And now…


[The Grand Soul (Titan) has been used!]

[Your Spell has Evolved!]

[Atlas]

The man who once stood at the peak of the world with pure physical might alone, yet still couldn't protect his city from treachery.

Immense might, immense toughness, and immaculate fighting skills. Memories of uncountable battles and all of martial Skill and might of the First Man have been woven into this Spell.

This Spell requires a Dragon Soul to Evolve.
​

The armor of frost grows more compact. More refined, even. And I can feel it, the ghost of Ysgramor's, all of his skills and sharpened senses trained through countless battles.

The glacial air flowing out of the armor has grown a lot stronger, forcing Lah to fly back to Kara as they move back, the entire ground covered in jagged spikes of ice that keep growing the more I let the armor linger around me.

"The way you can empower Spells is so fascinating…" The freckled woman whispers, studying the new compact yet barely changed suit of frozen armor with wide, amazed eyes. "It's like… A change down to its Conceptual level. Its very Original Rune."

Each Spell has a different Original Rune, but the majority all originate from the first one. They are just branches of the Original Rune of that branch of Magic.

Like the Fire Magic Original Rune, or the one for Restoration Magic, or Illusion Magic, or Alteration Magic. Each have an Original Rune that is a tree, with countless branches that are different paths of magic one can take, and each leaf is another Original Rune that makes up the newly created Spell.

So far, I know that only Kara and Lah have touched upon those main Original Runes. Even I haven't managed to grasp the Ice Original Rune other than the one for my Spells, though I'll try and focus harder now that I am not tired and can sleep.

Plus, I still have to grasp the Original Rune for my Fields of Cocytus. It is my second most powerful Spell, after all.

"I used the Soul of Ysgramor for this one. It was the right thing to do." I muse softly, my mind going back to the last moments between that legend and the brother who had lost his way.

I hope they are doing fine in Sovngarde.

"Think Deinmaar will pick up Wuuthrad?" Lah asks softly, and we all fall quiet, for we know what picking up that weapon truly means.

It means leading the future of the descendants of Ysgramors. Atmorans, Companions and Nords alike. It means striving to be a better man than him, which… Its a very tall task, to be honest.

He is a man who carried an Era, who paved the path for Nords on Skyrim and granted them writing knowledge. He made sure his children and descendants had a future before them before disappearing.

And whoever becomes Wuuthrad's owner will become the one to lead the mortal races of Men into the next Golden Age, or die trying.

"Deinmaar's path is different."

Speaking of my good ol' buddy…

I hope he is doing alright.


~~XXX~~
​

"You have my thanks for the ride, good sir."

The elderly carriage owner scoffs and waves a dismissive hand towards the armored Atmoran, "If it wasn't for ya, I'd have ended up as Mountain Troll shit by the end of the week."

Deinmaar chuckles, the carriage jumping as he disembarks, his greatsword strapped to his back together with a sack of necessities. "I just did the right thing."

The elderly Nord nods, "And asked for nothing in turn. Few are that nice around these parts, young man." Shaking his head, the elder looks up at the mountain chain beside the carriage, "You sure this is the place you want me to leave you at?"

The Atmoran nods, turning to gaze at the lone overgrown path that leads into a forest that rises up in the mountains. Arcwind Point, a location that had been calling to him for a while. Since he was freed from his 'prison', even.

"Yeah… I'm looking for something." The elder gazes at Deinmaar quietly, before nodding and straightening himself.

"I hope you find what you're looking for, young man." With a jerk of his hands, the elder flapped the reins, making the horses start pulling the carriage once more, "May the Nine watch over you."

The giant bows his head in thanks, watching the carriage slowly depart before he turns, and takes a step towards the forest.

His mind wandered to the distant past. To the times Konahriik spoke of her home, of how it was destroyed.

Of how its destruction was caused by accident, as it was caused by her Master. Solomon.

It was even how they met, and how he took her and Dinok beneath his wings, teaching them all he knew and treating them like his beloved daughters.

But looking back on those memories… Deinmaar realized that Konahriik was probably setting something up.

Each stray mention of Arcwind point. Of where her home was. Even a casual point at it on a map that was nearby at the time.

It didn't feel like casual talk, but like… Her preparing for something. A back-up plan, of sorts.

The woman he dearly loved was a genius, always preparing for everything, and using her immense Magical Might to advance where she couldn't plan.

With Dinok by her side, her rise in the Dragon Council was swift and ruthless. She rose to the position of Konahriik faster than anyone else, and claimed that seat and Mask before she was in her twenties.

Only Dinok could challenge her, and perhaps even win, even if Konahriik were to use the full might of the Mask whose name she now carried with pride.

Dinok, who had no Mask. No Artifact. Just the pure, raw power of her Thu'um, taught to her by the World-Eater himself.

The forest soon gives in to dense and thick snow that crunches beneath his boots, but his steps don't slow down one bit.

Deinmaar's gaze flicks around, searching everywhere he could for any hint of anything. But all he saw was snow, and more snow as he drew closer to the peak…

Until, finally, he happened upon some stone arches, and some steps of dark stone cracked by the weather and time.

He follows this new path, which leads him down a ravine between two mountains. The walls of the ravine were dug into, holes that resembled windows and doors filled his vision, but anything within the home was now long gone.

Either looted or dusted by time.

Further down the ravine, he happens upon a massive crater. An impact site of what seems like a meteor, which left a massive circular scar in the ravine with houses dug into the dark stone.

Deinmaar scans the surroundings, then glances at the widening path of the ravine before him. He could see more steps further ahead of him, with more stone arches still standing.

When he reaches the opening, his eyes widen as he finds himself before a large temple dug into the side of a mountain. The remains of a destroyed statue greet him, with only the legs of what appear to be an armored figure having been left behind.

It too was made from the dark stone that make the walls of the ravine, same as the temple dug into the walls, which had long since collapsed upon itself.

Still, Deinmaar could find nothing, his brows furrowing in confusion and disappointment. His magical aura flares forth, melting off the piles of snow that had gathered around the temple site, allowing him to gaze at the pale square stones beneath his boots.

Even with the snow gone, he still couldn't-

"Hey there, Doofus." Deinmaar freezes, his breath catching in his throat. His eyes blow wide open in shock, fear and hope, and his hands quiver.

Slowly, almost terrified he had heard wrong, the Atmoran turns around to gaze at the speaker who he hopes wasn't his own imagination.

His trembling ruby-red eyes land on a small, breathtaking beauty. The one who had claimed his heart many Eras ago.

Eyes like molten gold, skin as pale as snow, and long hair like pure silver. Her figure was clad in a skin-tight armor of dragon scales, a long dark cloak billowing behind her back.

"Konahriik…" Deinmaar whispers, nearly crumbling to his knees as he stares at the woman standing beneath the remains of the ancient statue. "I-"

"Before you say anything…" The beautiful Snow Elf raises a hand, her smile adoring yet overflowing with sadness, "Just know that I am not really here. This is an Illusion I created what should now be many Eras ago."

Despite the fact that Konahriik was speaking, and that her soft, ethereal voice stretched far… Her lips never moved once.

Deinmaar knew well why, for she was mute. Dinok was born blind, while Konahriik was born mute, though she bypassed that through the usage of Illusion Magic.

The beautiful Snow Elf turns her head, seemingly staring at something only she could see, "A few hours ago, you sent out an order for Dragon Priests to gather within the War Council." Deinmaar's eyes widen.

That was when he… "By the time I get there, I am sure you'll have slaughtered them all down to the last." Konahriik shakes her head, her eyes filled with pure adoration, "You went against your code, all your promises, your everything… Just for me and Dinok."

"You've never seen Dinok as a weapon, despite the fact that she wishes to be one… So the job that was supposed to be hers, was done by you. I really did the right thing when I started calling you a Doofus."

Despite himself, Deinmaar laughs and lowers his head in shame, kneeling down before the Illusion of the woman he loves and yearns for.

"This Illusion reacts to your Magical Signature. I'll make sure to register it when I come to the War Council – or what remains of it – later. But now…" The small beauty floats up and turns, motioning for Deinmaar to follow, "Come, it is time you learn why I've been working so hard."

The former Dragon Priest rises to his feet and follows into steps with the illusion, following her floating form to the crumbled remains of the temple… Then behind it, where a hole concealed by the remains lay, dug deep into the dark stone.

"For the longest time, me and Dinok carried the heavy burden of this knowledge granted to us by our Master." Konahriik suddenly starts, raising a hand to conjure a light that illuminates the dark walls of the tunnel.

Deinmaar blinks as he notices that each inch of these walls were filled with carvings he couldn't make out. Scenes of battles, words he couldn't make out, a language he never saw.

"...What is this?" The carvings depicted a history that shouldn't be.

Of Mer and Men standing together, or Dragons fighting against Dragons.

Of a giant claw shattering the Heavens, the Earth… The very World.

And then a jaw snaps shut around those remains, Eating the World.

"The Utopia we dreamed of creating could never come to be… For Alduin cannot be killed. Not by me, not by Solomon, and not even by a Dragonborn, or another Dragon."

And then another story. Races that were neither Men or Mer, Dragons without forelimbs, another apocalyptic war-

Another World Eaten.

"He will always come back. It may be after a few days, months, or Eras… But the World Eater will always come back to finish its purpose. He'll be different each time, a whole new Alduin… But Alduin all the same."

More murals.

More Races.

More war.

Another World being Eaten by a Dragon.

"He will purge everything that exists, so to let another World be born anew."

Another mural.

Another World.

The same Ending.

Deinmaar's breath was growing heavier and quicker the deeper they walked.

"But with each purge… Something is always left behind. A phantom of a bygone Era, a book… A memory carved into stone."

The tunnel gives way to a massive chamber lit up by burning purple flames.

The chamber was filled with stones. People of all Races, Men and Mer, and others that do not exist, all of them kneeling before another, much bigger statue.

Thousands of people reaching, almost as if seeking salvation… Towards the statue of a figure draped in a long cloak, a Wooden Mask on their face.

Up above, carved into the ceiling, was a Dragon resembling Alduin… Eating the tail of another Dragon who resembled Alduin, who did the same with the one before it, so on and so forth, until a complete circle was made.

The cloaked figure wearing a Wooden Mask was gazing up at the Dragon eating itself endlessly, a stray tear depicted running down their cheek.

"This…" Konahriik pauses, stopping before the thousands of praying, begging sculptures. "… Is an endless Cycle."

"And we currently live within the Ninth World."




A.N. This is, by far, the biggest reveal of the fic yet.

I know nobody expected this shit, nyeheheh!

Hope y'all enjoyed it!

I'm glad I got back to writing this fic, I missed it a lot!

Especially writing Leo!

Let me know what y'all think of this chappy, and thankies for having Subscribed to the higher tier!

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Toodles!
​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Levky, Rajhan, Aschente and 686 others
Musashi-Chan
Jan 19, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 52 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Feb 17, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,069
A curse leaves Hildr's lips when the tip of her pen breaks once more, leaving yet another ink stain on her journal.

Turning, she tosses it on the nearby table before turning back to what she was analyzing, her now free fingers coming up to pinch the bridge of her nose and rub at her lone good eye.

The sound of the door opening makes her pause, before she turns her head towards the entrance of the training room she was occupying, a small smile spreading across her face when she sees Aurelia walk in, with Gretel holding her hand while chewing on a large bone.

"That's one way to make her obey…" Hildr jokes aloud, her words being ignored by the brat busy gnawing on what must be the bone of a deer while Aurelia laughs softly.

"It was either that, or her barking at the Merchant." The Dragonborn sighs out, pure amusement in her warm yet light voice, "And Leo was about to throw her at the poor man."

"Of course he would have…" Hildr sighs while Gretel hops towards the table after receiving a quick head-pat from Aurelia, pupils dilated as she fully focused on tearing apart the deer bone like it had slighted her. "Thanks for taking care of her." Her brows then furrow, "...How long have I been here?"

Aurelia snorts, moving to join Gretel at the table so to place down the bag she was carrying, "A few days." She answers, before nodding her head towards the right, "Didn't you notice?"

The redhead blinks and looks in the direction hinted at by Aurelia, and finds a large bed laying there. A bed she remembers passing out on when tired by her constant studies. "Leo moved it in here while you were focused. And the table too."

Hildr's heart warms at that, a radiant smile blooming on her face, "I don't deserve him…" She sighs out softly, pure love overflowing out of her voice.

Aurelia smiles, dusting off her hands, "I think that's what he would say too. Before doing something stupid that gives us headaches."

A snort is shared between the two ladies before Hildr brings Aurelia in a quick and tight hug that the Dragonborn happily reciprocates, "Sorry that I left you to handle him all this while."

The silver-haired beauty hums happily in the smile, "I'm just dealing with the aftermath of his insanity. He has been mostly targeting the city and Lah."

Hildr blinks, then pulls back to frown at Aurelia, "Lah?"

Aurelia's smile grows… Stiff, "He somehow tossed Lah down the cliff. He also keeps throwing Poopdaggah at Kara, and telling Gretel to 'shank' people."

"...I think letting him sleep was a mistake."

They share a shudder at that, but deep down they were relieved. Especially Hildr, who was bearing witness to Leo slowly losing himself and becoming more withdrawn due to how mentally tired he was.

"So, what are you researching?" Aurelia asks, breaking away from Hildr and bumping shoulders with her, huge smile on her face as she turns to look at what Hildr had been studying deeply.

There, in the middle of the training room, was a large sphere of flame burning with radiant white-hot light that made it hard to look at. The heat it radiated was immense, enough to evaporate oceans whole in seconds… And yet, it somehow didn't affect them or the room.

Hildr opens her mouth to answer, then pauses, "I… Don't know. I've been trying to figure it out all this while." She admits shamelessly, not being like the other Mages who hate sharing their failures and shortcomings.

The pale woman beside her tilts her head at the answer, "Really? How did you make this, then?"

With a hum, Hildr leans against Aurelia's shoulder, "I was trying to find the Original Rune within my Spirit." She answers, "Spells have one, so I thought… What if it has one too?"

Her gloved hand raises to wave at the floating sphere of blinding light and heat, "It turned into that after a bit."

She had grasped something, that much Hildr could tell. Her Spirit was still alive, just… Dormant. This never happened before, and she had been studying the sphere of fire her Spirit had turned into for several days now.

Other than the glowing Rune she had grasped was at the core of the sphere, Hildr couldn't make out much else.

It was fire, but also not. It burned, but also not. It was hot, but also not. It made no sense to her, and she found it so fascinating, giving it her full focus during her studies.

"Curious." Aurelia hums softly, "I've been mastering the Original Runes of my own Magic too, though I am focusing on learning the more powerful Restoration Spells. I'd rather keep my focus on mastering the Thu'Um and perfecting the Dragon Blades."

The redhead nods at that, having been awed from the sheer beauty of the Dragon Blades, something only possible due to Aurelia's unique heritage.

A Dragon Soul, plus the unique power of the Ansei due to her Breton Heritage, both combined for something unique.

Though, due to a lack of proper teachers in the art, Aurelia is clearly struggling, thus she is wandering around aimlessly until she finds a proper path to follow.

Not that her current method of invoking the Dragon Blades is a waste. They are still a tremendously powerful weapon that she can now openly wield due to her dual-wield style of fighting.

"I should put some efforts in learning Restoration Magic too." Hildr grunts out, "Learning how to heal myself would be very useful." Even though she has some of Leo's personally made Scrolls with his powerful Restoration Spell, she'd still rather have the skill under the belt.

Aurelia perks up at that, "Oh! I almost forgot!" The woman gasps out, making Hildr turn to look at her from the side. While also partially enjoying the view while she was there. It wasn't much of a lie when she said that she was also into women, after all. "Me, Kara and Lah thought of a possible solution for your transformation!"

The redhead blinks her good eye at that, "Other than the 'Ignore Hunger' Spell?" That Spell did wonders while in Saarthal, allowing her to employ the full power of her transformation so to assist Aurelia in battling the five-hundred Companions.

Despite the fact that she tired out within minutes – and that was because she pushed herself to last longer, else she'd have turned back to normal even sooner – the sheer might she wielded in that form was intoxicating.

"Other than that, yes!" Aurelia nods, huge smile on her face that made her appear radiant. Enough so that Hildr had to squint her good eye to stare at her properly. "Restoration Spells of the Expert Class and above can restore Stamina too! It could be useful in helping you last longer while transformed!"

Hildr leans back, one gloved hand rising up to cup her chin as her gaze lowers in thought, "I actually didn't know that… But Spells of that level are quite complicated, no?"

Aurelia winches at that, "Yeah, about that…" Her hand comes up to rub the back of her head, causing her long hair to bounce with the movement, "Kara told me the difference between the Expert and Master Class Spells of back then, and the current ones."

Hildr blinks at that, "Go on…"

"Well… Expert and Master Class Spells of nowadays are still powerful, but they lack what used to set them apart from the lower Classes."

"The Expert Class is when a Magician touches upon Original Runes, thus making their Spells reach a whole new magnitude of Spells and opening a new world to discover."

"Master Class Spells? They revolve around the Original Runes. They are all about bringing out the true might of an Original Rune, unleashing literal cataclysms in the process… Unlike the far, far weaker variants of today."

Hildr finds her mouth go dry at the explanation that, honestly, made far too much sense.

Master Class Spells were known as the epitome of might. The greatest power available to a Mage, capable of reshaping the landscape and scorch the very skies.

But she had read stories of battles between Mages in the past, which she usually thought were far too overblown. Their battles could crack continents, erase islands, create oceans… But now, a Master Class Spell could barely remove a city off the map, depending on the one that unleashes it.

"It does sound incredible, I'll admit." The redhead finally sighs out with a slump of her shoulders, "I'm starting to get more comfortable with that side of me, but it always leaves me so weak right after."

It was the cost she had to pay for all that immense power that turned a portion of Blackreach into a molten landscape, and it felt wrong to complain further now that she doesn't lose her mind when using it.

"Anyway-" Shaking her head, Hildr smiles and takes one of Aurelia's hands in hers before tugging her friend towards the table, "Did I miss anything while I secluded myself in here? Deinmaar back yet?"

Aurelia shakes her head at the last question, "Not yet, but Leo isn't too worried. He said he has a feeling on where Deinmaar went." And if Leo wasn't worried, they weren't either. The big guy probably also needed some time away from the insanity that is a fully rested Leonidas.

"As for something new… Serana woke up." Hildr blinks and perks up at that, remembering the beautiful Vampire Leo had suddenly showed up with while she was passed out over his back.

He had clearly mentioned her once, as Hildr remembered seeing Aurelia perk up when he stated the Vampire's name before placing her in a room to recover and rest.

"How's she?" She asks, leaning close to Aurelia and seeing the inner turmoil within her gaze.

"She's… Alright, I guess?" The holy woman sighs out, slumping her shoulders in defeat, "Very beautiful too."

And there's the expected jealousy Hildr saw coming, "Uh-huh… Bet Leo still had eyes only for you." She teases, making the Dragonborn's cheeks flush as her gaze turns shy.

"You worry too much, 'Relia." The redhead reassures softly, voice soothing and warm, "He adores us too much for that." Leo was easy to read, for he was a very honest and direct man.

He expressed his adoration and love for them quite directly, showering them with it since they basically got together in an official way. He'd even made a game out of showering Aurelia with compliments until she makes a noise akin to a boiling tea-kettle, or threatens bodily harm upon him.

Plus the hugs, the holding hands, always holding them close when together. It was the little acts he did to show that he yearns and adores them that makes Hildr swoon madly for that foolish bag of bones.

Then he goes back to being an idiot, and she goes back to wondering on how the fuck she fell for such a clown that made bothering the Daedric Princes his daily source of amusement.

The fact that he keeps a rat on him so to 'call' Hircine whenever he wanted also irked her, for some reason.

"I know, he reassured me too." Aurelia pouts, cheeks still flushed in a very adorable way, "But… You should see her. She is so…" The woman sighs, and Hildr nods with an understanding hum.

"That's the Vampire Charm. It is how they get by looking like a walking pale corpse." Though, Serana's clearly was on a whole other level. Even while asleep and without being consciously forced on someone, it still made it hard for Hildr to look away from the woman.

"I don't remember it being so powerful…" Aurelia muses, then shrugs, "But that might be because I always started punching and killing when I saw the glowing eyes."

Hildr found that very, very hot. But she kept her mouth quiet, for now.

"What has she been doing so far?"

"Just reading." The pale woman answers with a sniff, "She's from the Second Era. Predates the Empire, even."

Hildr wanted to point out that so does Kara, but she didn't want to be the one that calls the woman an 'old hag' and then get hit by whatever ungodly powerful Spell she has in her repertoire.

"What about Winterhold? How's it faring?"

Aurelia proceeds to inform her of everything she missed these past few days due to the presence of the Eye of Magnus above the College.

With it basically drenching Winterhold in Magicka, the people of the city have been feeling full of energy. Kara set up an Array to keep away the worst of the cold and blizzards, and to invigorate the people of the city, thus making them work with far greater efficiency.

Roads were fixed, and the mine around the hole down to Blackreach was set up, with several elevators having been built that descent down the pit.

Kara had made it so that the Array went down the tunnel too, with a Spell called Feather Fall lingering around in case anyone fell. Even if they did, the would just get a bad scrape that would heal in seconds, even from the immense fall.

Still, they hadn't reached Blackreach yet, and not from a lack of trying. The miners were just discovering countless pockets and tunnels filled with so many ore veins that their time was being eaten up, not that any of them was minding.

They were stocking up on so many resources that they had turned the hollow mountain into a storage unit.

Hildr saw this as a good thing, for they all needed to prepare as best as possible for the war against the Dragons. But she also saw this as a way for Skyrim to rebuild its strength, and perhaps gain a greater foothold with the Empire.

Once trade was set up and Blackreach was being mined properly, the Empire would be able to hasten its recovery.

While raw ores couldn't replace lost lives, Hildr had no doubt that finely crafted and Enchanted gear would help in the future war against the Thalmors.

With the Dragons targeting Skyrim due to their past loss caused by its people, the Thalmors were sure to use this to further weaken the Empire…

Yet, Hildr knew that any action they would take would be answered in turn by Leonidas. He was just waiting for a reason to drop a catastrophic Spell upon their land.

Such an attack would weaken them massively for many years. Decades, even.

Kara was of the same mind, but she personally did not enjoy meddling in such affairs due to her immense power, and due to Lah being her husband.

She will protect Skyrim against the other Great Sages, but she couldn't hold the hand of its people. Mostly because they weren't the type.

Things were building up, and with Morokei having spied on them through their Masks this whole time, he was clearly planning to take them on and cripple Skyrim with the next battle coming upon them.

He had gathered the remaining Dragon Priests and freed Otar the Mad, a man who Deinmaar confirms is far stronger than him. The roar that had shaken the whole of Skyrim some time ago had come from him.

Kara confirmed that the Dragon Priests and Otar the Mad were gathered together in the mountain chain South-West of Solitude, which were now shrouded by a dense magical fog that stopped any magical scrying.

Not that it could stop Kara if she tried, she just didn't bother to as she knew that the Dragon Priests were likely raising an army of Undead, while Morokei had disappeared, his goal unknown.

"We can't catch a moment of peace, huh?" Hildr jokes, a grin on her lips, and Aurelia snorts softly.

Her shoulders shrug, making her silver hair bounce, "To be fair, it does work in our favor. All of the past Dragon Priests in one place is a good thing for us."

"The Dragon may train others, but they won't be as loyal as the ones from the Merethic Era."

Hildr was just worried about Morokei. According to Leo, the Dragon Priest holds the Staff of Magnus, capable of devouring Magicka itself, and he was a terrifyingly cunning strategist who had been spying on them this whole time through the Masks.

Plus whatever power his Mask held- Hildr and Aurelia both perk up when the door of the training room opens, and in lazily strides Kara, an apple in her hands as she swaggers in while audibly crunching on it.

Only to pause and drop her half-eaten apple at the sight of the flaming sun in the middle of the room, "What. The. Fuck." The woman exclaims through muffled words due to the apple pieces still in her mouth.

"Oh, hey Kara!" Hildr waves, a smile on her face- Only to flinch when the minute freckled woman turns towards her with a very heated gaze.

"Hildr." One hand waves towards the flaming sun, "What the fuck."

The redhead can only shrug, strangely amused at the sight, "Yeah, it kind of happened… Do you know what that is?"

Kara gapes, then looks between Hildr and what she had conjured several times, "By Meridia's wonderfully fat tits-" Aurelia chokes on her breath at those words, "-you actually don't know what you just did…"

"Meridia has fat tits?" Hildr asks the important question. She was curious, damn it!

Kara nods absentmindedly while Aurelia drops her face in her hands, "Oh yeah. And long legs. She also likes using an avatar that is over three meters tall, ya know? First time I saw her I went all 'Awooga!' at them huge ol' tiddies."

Gretel had stopped munching on her destroyed bone long enough to give Kara a confused and disgusted look. And coming from Gretel, such a look was lethal.

Kara ignored it like she ignores the fact she punched a hole from Skyrim to Blackreach that could have made the surface collapse had it been any stronger. "Anyway!"

Small hands wave at the burning sun, "This is the Fire Origin Rune!"

Hildr slowly nods, "I… Yeah? I was trying to find my Spirit's Original Rune, and that popped out."

The ancient archmage shakes her head with a groan, "No, not an Original Rune! Origin! The main one, from where the Original Runes branch out from! The very source of that damned element!"

Hildr's shoulders sag, "Huh… Cool." So there was a difference between Origin and Original Runes. Two small letters, but the power difference was likely… Immense.

And her Spirit was now dormant, as if incubating itself within that Origin Rune. That was going to unleash something, because of course it will. It always does.

"Cool, she says." Kara scoffs, kicking her half-eaten apple and vaporizing it with fire magic, "I was fifty when I first touched upon Origin Runes, ya know? And you're barely half my age."

The redhead finds her ears burning from the praise, a shy smile working its way on her face, "So uh… How do you use it?"

"You don't." Is Kara's instantaneous and harsh answer, her eyes narrowed into a warning glare that startled both Aurelia and Hildr, "I'm serious. Even I have never dared use a Spell with these things powering it."

Hildr works her jaw, her mouth suddenly dry and feeling like she was chewing sand, "I-… Why?" She partially hated it, but she also listened to Kara due to her immense knowledge. No matter how much she disliked it, for she wanted more power, so to be more useful and less of a liability.

Kara looks at her for a good few quiet seconds before breathing in through her nostrils. Her shoulders rise, and her gaze flicks towards the burning sun in the room, "These are Concepts, Hildr. It is the very meaning of Fire. Of Hot, Burning, Boiling- Everything relating to Fire itself."

"You unleash a Spell through this? It will never. Stop. Burning." Hildr finds her stomach drop, "Not now. Not ever. Even the caster cannot stop it."

Aurelia lets out a shaky breath, "By Arkay…" She leans back, "I presume the others are… Similar?"

Kara winches and looks away, "Yeah… Some even worse, while the Alteration one is kinda harmless unless… Well, used." The woman didn't explain further, and seeing how it disgusted her so, they decided not to ask any further.

And that's when another voice pipes in. "Is this your new hiding spot?"

In unison, all four women blink. Then, very slowly, they raise their heads towards the ceiling.

And there, on it, was a wide pitch black stain. From said black stain emerged Leonidas' head, his frozen skull wrapped in that eternal darkness and those purple flames fully visible beneath his hood.

"Oh, no…" Kara whimpers, "You can make portals now, can't you…?"

Leonidas' answer was grabbing Kara's ankle, his skeletal arm rising out of a patch of darkness right beneath the woman.

Kara looks down at the arm grasping her ankle with pure disgust, "Sometimes I wonder why I let you exist."

Leonidas' tilts his head from its spot on the ceiling, "Is this about me tossing Lah down the roof and into the water?"

"Yes."

Hildr still wanted to know how the fuck that happened, but knowing Leo… He could make the impossible into something possible whenever he wanted to annoy someone.

"I did give you the Ohgma Infinium." The idiot skeleton points out, and suddenly Kara is all smiles and warm love.

"You're the best, skelly boy!" The woman instantly does a one-eighty while ignoring the blank stares from Hildr and Aurelia.

"I know, but keep the compliments coming." Leo sighs humbly, "Anyway- Yoink." Gretel disappears with a squeak.

Hildr blinks up at the skull.

"Anyone else want to come to Whiterun? I'm gonna drop Wuuthrad on them bitches, see if there's anyone chad enough to lift that heavy motherfucker."

Hildr blinks again, "Where did you send Gretel?"

"Just dropped her on top of Aela. She's screaming bloody murder as Gretel wacks her with the half-eaten bone."

The redhead stands instantly, enormous grin on her face, "Oh, I gotta see this shit."

Aurelia says nothing, but she moves to follow. To stop the chaos, of course.

Totally.



~~XXX~~
​


"Uhm… Sir?"

The hall falls quiet as a guard approaches from the stairs. Balgruuf lifts his head from the war table where every remaining Jarl, the Emperor, General Tullius and Kodlak sat at, discussing plans for the incoming crisis.

"What is it, soldier?" Balgruuf questions, though he already had an inkling. That's the 'He is back and he is making it everyone's problem' tone of voice.

"Sir Leonidas is back, sir." Called it. "He just… Appeared. Walked out of a wall, somehow. Said something about 'I'm in your walls, you fuckin' N'wah!', threw a child at a Companion and is now… Well, down the stairs."

Fascinating. "Anyone else with him?"

"The Dragonborn, sir."

And that made everyone pay attention. Shoulders squared, eyes grew sharper, and even the Emperor sat straighter on his seat.

It wasn't often one would be able to meet the central figure of the prophecy, after all.

"Allow them through." Balgruuf orders, though… The Emperor was here, and well… This was Leonidas. The man was not going to behave. "Your Majesty."

Balgruuf turns, referring to the Emperor, who nods his way, "Just… Keep an open mind about Leonidas. He is… Well, we suspect he is a very ancient existence."

Eyes widen at his words, and the Emperor nods once more, clearly thankful for the warning.

Balgruuf shared a defeated look with Farengar, for they both knew that warning wasn't much. No warning could ever prepare someone for Leonidas-

"Fuck outta my way, torta. Foo' comin' through."

And there it fucking was.

Balgruuf half-sighs and half-groans, face dropping in his hands as Leonidas swaggers up the stars, dragging a colossal weapon over his shoulder like it weighed nothing.

Aurelia followed after him, swiftly shooting Balgruuf an apologetic smile that said 'I tried, sorry.' and that made the Jarl feel just a tiny bit better. But also sorry for the woman that had to handle the foolishly whimsical being that accompanied her.

It was a theory, of course, but one that likely held some truth. Farengar had once mentioned it, but the man didn't wish to speculate too much, for deep down he also held great respect for Leonidas.

The robed man was clearly some manner of Undead, which Farengar once confirmed in one of his past visits through a quick use of the Sense Life Spell… Which found none in Leonidas.

He was likely some form of ancient Lich, or one of those ancient Dark Bishops, seeing how the man walked in and out of Arkay's church without getting vaporized, and his usage of Holy Magic.

Plus, said theory was also still pondered on due to the immense amount of knowledge the man held. Balgruuf highly doubted there was anyone that knew as much as Leonidas.

"Balgruuf, homie!" Leonidas cheers, voice joyful as his free hand rises up in a salute. "Man, it's nice to see y'all actually talk like adults and not be fuckin' idiots."

Ulfric winches from his seat, while Elisif snorts softly from her. The shot was clearly aimed at him.

"You seem in a good mood, Leonidas." Balgruuf nods in greeting, finding himself feeling quite… Relaxed. Confident. Leonidas strangely had that effect. Having him on their side always reassured Balgruuf that everything would be alright.

"Quite!" The robed man nods, then swiftly raises the giant weapon over his shoulder and rests it on the ground.

Once in full view, the hall goes quiet. Very, very quiet, for only idiots would not recognize the weapon.

Any proper Nord would recognize the weapon of their Ancestor. The one from whom their whole Race originates from. The one who granted them Skyrim.

Balgruuf gulps, his mouth dry as Kodlak slowly stands. The Harbinger of the Companions looked ready to collapse on the spot, eyes as wide as they could be, and hands shaking as they supported him against the table. "T-That is…"

"Wuuthrad, yes." Leonidas nod, patting the giant black weapon with his gloved hand, "Found it in the ruins of Saarthal… Alongside Ysgramor."

The reveal sends sharp intake of airs through the wide hall. "You mean… Alive?" Balgruuf asks, feeling faint.

His Ancestor. The First Man. Word-Bringer. The Atmoran.

Alive. All this time.

Leonidas hums softly, then moves forward, "Let me tell you all a quick story." He states, and Balgruuf waves at a guard, who swiftly hurries to bring a seat for the robed man.

Once seated, he started the story. The story of a prodigy in Magic, who grew up in Saarthal and surpassed all of his teachers.

A prodigy who left his family to pursue his talent before coming back better. Stronger. Satisfied.

Only to return upon a burning city, sacked by the Snow Elves, led by their greed for an ancient artifact.

Having lost his wife and child, the prodigy returns to seeking more knowledge. More power. Even going as far as learning from the very Races that he loathed, for they took his family.

And when Ysgramor returned, the man swiftly offered his extensive Enchanting knowledge to the Atmoran and his Five-Hundred Companions, thus becoming the Embittered Destroyer.

Ahzidal.

Ysgramor led a genocide, slaughtering the Snow Elves until they could only let the Dwemer enslave them so to give them an escape route.

But Ahzidal wasn't satisfied. He wanted to kill all the other Elf Races, down to the last… But he also wanted refused to become such a monster before his companions. His brothers and sisters in arms. His liege.

Thus… He found a compromise. He sealed them, and himself, together with the powerful Artifact. Stunted the magical growth of all the Races, crippled it over the years until it would fade away.

Then, he waited. And waited. Until someone appeared within the ruins of Saarthal and felled him… Thus using himself and the Artifact as a sacrifice to open a colossal Oblivion Gate.

But he couldn't go through with it. Not fully. The Dragonborn granted the Companions a warrior's death, and Ysgramor enjoyed one final battle…

Before the First Man challenged his own friend, so they both could reach Sovngarde together, and Ahzidal's death wouldn't be a sacrifice that would paint him as a monster worse than the ones he hated.

Once it was all over, the first to speak was the Emperor, surprisingly enough, "Leonidas." The man starts, rising from his seat, and resting his hands on the table.

Leonidas straightens on his seat, suddenly seeming very aware of the man that had spoken to him. Even Aurelia's own eyes widen in shock, as the two had failed to recognize the Emperor seating among the Jarls.

"I must thank you, from the bottom of my heart and Soul, as the Emperor." The old man bows his head deeply, stunning the Jarls, "What you stopped is…"

The Emperor was at a loss for words. His shoulders fell, and his face looked like it had aged considerably as he sighed deeply.

None dared say that Leonidas' words were fake, or that it was just a tale to impress them. Balgruuf had spoken greatly of him enough that others would keep their thoughts for themselves.

Leonidas remains quiet for a while, before he finally speaks up. His voice was surprisingly soft as he speaks up for the Emperor, "I couldn't allow Martin's sacrifice to go to waste."

Such simple words, stated with such simple and direct honesty, swiftly gained him the full respect of the Emperor, who smiles warmly and in thanks towards the robed man.

Who proceeded to shrug, "Plus, Sheogorath would have crashed out if I let that happen."

Balgruuf blinks at that, "...Sheogorath? Why?" Why would the Daedric Prince of Madness be mad at that?

"Hm?" Leonidas perks up as he stands from his seat, "Oh, the Hero of Kvatch is the current Sheogorath." He reveals, pulling out a slice of cheese from his sleeve before tossing it into the large fire in the hall, "Ain't that right, buddy?"

The fire swells and roars purple, before taking the shape of a large thumbs up followed by the insane cackles of a God.

The Emperor stared at the bonfire for a good, tense and quiet minute, before nodding and taking his seat once more. "I'm just going to ignore that."

Balgruuf followed along. So did everyone else. Aurelia was currently glaring bloody murder at Leonidas, and making him drop any cheese he was hiding in his robes.

He so fucking hated Leonidas for dropping mind-shattering revelations in such a relaxed manner.

"Anyway!" The robed idiot claps his hands, drawing attention back to him. Unfortunately. "Ysgramor wanted me to find a worthy wielder for Wuuthrad, so I brought it here."

"I don't know if such a person is in this room. Or in this Hold. Or is even fuckin' born."

"All I know is that Ysgramor loved Skyrim. He fought for it like a man possessed, and he'd be fucking furious to see his descendants fight among each other like fuckin' children."

Heads lower, fists clench, eyes burn. But Leonidas doesn't stop. His words are sharp, and cut deeper than any blade could, "You're brothers and sisters, for fuck's sake. Bickering is normal, killing each other ain't."

"The Empire has its faults, has fucked up its fair share of times… But it needs Skyrim the same way Skyrim needs the Empire."

"Divided you fall, united you stand." Leonidas lift Wuuthrad and slams it closer to the table with enough force to shake the floor, "Talos ascended so he could run the fade with the fucking Elven Gods and throw slurs at them. Make him proud and keep tearing into those piss-yellow cunts like feral dogs."

His hand releases Wuuthrad's shaft, and he takes a step back. "Your Ancestors felled Dragons. Saved Tamriel from their tyranny."

"A bunch of prideful cunts dressed like edgy fucks are nothing in comparison."

The Emperor was the first to lose it. His head flew back from how hard his laughter roared out of him, and Balgruuf soon followed, with Ulfric in tow.

That was one way to raise morale, alright.



~~XXX~~
​


Kara breathes in the fresh, cold air of Winterhold from the rooftop, a smile on her face.

Lah lazed around beside her, just napping away the annoyance of not figuring out how the Eye of Magnus works.

Serana was with them too, carrying a book that detailed the Empire history. One of many, at least. She wasn't even close to the Oblivion Crisis.

Kara really wanted to pay Mehrunes Dagon's Realm a visit when she learned the full extent of it. She had fallen asleep around the time it started, and woke up when the Fourth Era began, so she had missed the full scope of it.

Though she had heard of how disastrous it was from the students of the College through the years. The only thing that quelled her anger and amused her greatly was how the Hist drugged up the Argonians, who proceeded to beat the absolute fuck out of the Daedra and started invading Oblivion instead.

Weird trees and their magical drugs… Now if only Lah could get along with them, she could maybe find an opportunity to study them, but nope. She always had to stop the big nerd from just flying over and evaporating them and their country.

Dragons and their hate for the Hist… She now had to ask Leonidas for slurs to hurl at weird, magical trees. Her hubby's enemies are hers too, after all!

"You know…" Serana suddenly starts, closing the book she was reading so to gaze around, her face relaxed, "This is… Nice."

Kara tilts her head, then blinks in realization, "Oh yeah, you've grown in nobility, yeah?"

The Vampire nods, her nose scrunching up in distaste, "The worst kind, but yes. Not having to deal with arrogant pricks using flowering speech is very, very nice."

The Archmage snorts softly, "Wait 'till the Mages come out from their studies and catch sight of your beauty." She teases, "You'll be hating this place too in no time!"

The pale woman lets out a soft, bubbling laugh, "Think they'll accept me?"

Kara shrugs, "I think you don't care either way." She points out, and Serana does nod, "But yes, they will. Pretty sure there's a Hag studying here now? And it wouldn't be the first time a Vampire came to learn from the College."

The vampire beauty perks up at that, "Truly?"

With a smile, the freckled woman leans back and sighs wistfully, "Back in my time, one of the Master Mages was a Vampire. The Master of Alteration, he was a very fun dude, and made some of the best wines I've ever had."

Now, all those people were long gone. Those she was teaching, her students, her friends, her colleagues… None of them knew her real heritage, until the very end.

For the longest time, Kara feared that all of her achievements would be stolen by her deadbeat of a father if her heritage was know.

"As expected of Shalidor's daughter." They would say.

"Truly, you carry his blood in your veins." They would praise.

"He must be so proud to have such a successor." They'd say without knowing shit.

All those possibilities… For the longest time, they haunted her, and she hated them. Deeply. Terribly so.

She still cares, deep down. But sometimes, such a status could be used to have people listen to her, and trust in her.

Still… Leonidas and the others warmed her heart a great deal. Hildr and Aurelia didn't care, while Leonidas… He would often say that Shalidor was nowhere near her level.

And she believed him. Not out of pride and arrogance, but because those are words of someone who studied her father's life through the Folium Discognitum.

It was funny how someone so much younger than her helped her step out of the shadow she trapped herself in.

Humming softly, Kara glances at Serana. A mischievous grin slowly forms on her face, and she flicks her wrist, weaving Magicka to do her bidding.

Serana's calm smile twitches, her nostrils scrunch up, and then she audibly gags and covers her mouth, "What the fuck!" The woman exclaims, and Kara cackles, "Did you just use Illusion Magic to create the stench of garlic around me!?"

The Archmage wheezes, punching the stone railing of the College's roof, "W-Wanna do it to your daddy's castle?" She offers, and Serana freezes.

The allure. The sheer, tempting allure of being a little shit. It was so addictive, and the adrenaline of it just made it so much better.

Kara used to prank the students of the College in the past, but now she wants to be even worse because of Leonidas. He was a bad influence.

"I should really say no…" Serana whispers, her lips twitching as she was visibly trying to stop a smile from rising on her face. "I really should. It… It isn't proper."

Kara's grin turns dark as she leans in, "Do it! Get some much deserved catharsis! Make his last few days miserable-" Her words halt, and Kara's head shoots to the side, eyes narrowed and zeroing onto the hollow mountain beside Winterhold.

Serana doesn't miss the sudden change in the mood, "Is everything… Alright?"

Kara doesn't answer. Her gaze turns towards Lah, and the Dragon only had a lone golden eye open, which was staring right back at her.

"Something just came up." The freckled woman drawls out, a dangerous smile spreading across her face as she stands, "I'll be back soon with a very convincing argument on why we should make your father's castle reek of garlic."

The vampire just sighs in defeat, and Kara bows before the wind picks her up, carrying her away from the College and towards the mountain.

She enters it through the large crack, using a minor Illusion Spell to make the miners and workers unaware of her as she hums a happy tune… And jumps down the massive hole she created.

The wind rushes past her ears, a relaxed smile on her face as she stretches her arms and legs through the air, delighted by the lack of back pain or other issues that plagued her due to old age back in the day.

At least one good thing came out from getting sealed by Lah.

It takes her a good bit to finally reach Blackreach, where she land with a light grunt and stumble forward, before she straightens up with a cheer and feral grin on her face, "Now…"

"Where the fuck do you think you're going, Morokei?"

A pulse of Magicka cracks forth from her like a clap of thunder, displacing the surrounding magic and destroying the minor Spell that would never fool the likes of her.

A cloaked figure shimmers into view far ahead, back turned to her, one arm stretched to the side and grasping a long mottled staff seemingly made out of the branch of a tree.

Aquamarine Runes covered the base of the staff, all the way to the top, where it opened up and wrapped tiny branches around a glowing aquamarine gem.

The Dragon Priest turns his head, glowing light blue mask regarding Kara with disinterest, "It seems I was expected."

Kara's grin turns vicious, "You're predictable." She sneers, "I expected the allure of the Elder Scroll to attract you. And I expected you'd act the moment Leonidas was gone."

From the very moment she realized Morokei was spying on them, Kara knew the one thing he was coveting the most was the Elder Scroll Leonidas mentioned was in Blackreach.

It was both to gain such a powerful tool, and to likely remove it from their hands so it wouldn't be used against Alduin once more, just in case.

What other plans Morokei had for it, Kara didn't know. Nor did she care.

The ancient Dragon Priest turns to fully face her, dusty and torn cape billowing and revealing the aged and form-fitting dragon-scale armor beneath, "No matter. Just a temporary distraction."

The Staff of Magnus flares, and Kara instantly feels the surrounding Magicka bend to its will, then rush towards Morokei in a roaring storm of dense, visible waves of pure Magic.

"A Mage unable to wield Magicka is an inconsequential threat."

The staff rises-

"Fly – Punch – Smash – Pierce – Push – Move – Shove – Shatter – Collapse – Annihilate."

A miniature, familiar star rumbles to life on the tip of Kara's right index finger.

"Ro – Fus – Dah – Nah – Kest – Bah – Vaaz – Mul – Gaar – Dov!"

The star roars forth, and the whole of Blackreach whines.

Magicka itself bows to the whim of the minute Archmage, her Chant in two languages having forced the very fabric of Reality to support her Spell with all of the Magicka available instead of flowing to the command of the Divine Artifact.

Every Chant gave meaning to the Spell, empowering each Chanted factor to unimaginable levels, and thus also changing the very Spell itself.

A simple Magic Missile roared forth, howling like a furious Divine Dragon as it bloomed with radiant light that took the shape of those mighty, scaled winged beasts.

It crossed the distance between her and Morokei faster than the speed of a blink, blinding jaws reaching for the Dragon Priest's skull.

Until he tilts his staff, and Space itself seemed to twist, causing the colossal Dragon of light to curve around Morokei and shoot in the distance, the Doppler Effect of its roar ringing forth together with the devastating sonic-boom.

With a hum, Morokei reaches up to dust off his robes, "Apologies, I won't underestimate you further."

Kara huffs and tosses her hair over her back with a swing of her arm. "Be a dear and don't disappoint me, yeah?"

"I have several Era's worth of stress to dish out, after all."

Either Blackreach breaks first…

Or Morokei does.




A.N. Silly widdle Kara and showing why Lah is all horni and obedient for her.

And I also want to show off Morokei and the Staff of Magnus. Because why not.

Another big battle is approaching!

And so is Solomon's first appearance.

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Nyeheheheh!

Toodles!
​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Aschente, Levky, BoredKing98 and 637 others
Musashi-Chan
Feb 17, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 53 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Apr 5, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,104
Morokei had lived for many, many years. He had lost track of how many Eras he outlived.

He was there when the Snow Elves forced the First Man to flee his city.

He was there when the Atmoran came back and purged the continent of that Race, forcing them to become slaves to the Dwemers.

And he was there, when the Dragons moved in, and slowly claimed the whole of Tamriel under their rule, their might undisputed.

And through that long, long life… Morokei had seen the birth and fall of those blessed by the very World. Blessed by Nirn itself.

Their existence brought balance to the World-Eater's presence. The very Antithesis of such a being.

A response to his continued, unstoppable existence.

The First Man, with the mightiest body in history, and a Voice that could rupture the earth itself.

The man who followed him, taking then name of Ahzidal, who had reached heights in the art of Enchanting that should not be touched upon by others.

And then… He had seen the rise of monsters that could put them to shame, and the being who taught them.

The Snow Elf who was taken in as the Dragon Priest of the World-Eater himself, and was taught the Thu'um from the one being that knew it better than anyone else.

And her twin sister, who was born with a connection to Magicka unlike anything Morokei had ever witnessed before. It was akin to witnessing a living version of the Staff of Magnus.

Then, finally… The one being Morokei could never understand. The one being he felt wasn't a Response to the World-Eater… But was, instead, the Answer.

Solomon, also known and feared as the Lord of Demons due to the horrid creatures he could conjure. Beings of unfathomable power, undying no matter the injury, and relentless until their target is death.

He had seen a great many Great Sages fall beneath their onslaught, cowed into submission without Solomon having to participate in the battle.

And he had seen that very being fight the World-Eater to a standstill, their aftershocks of their apocalyptic battle having left cracks in Reality for centuries.

Reality itself fled in the wake of their battle, with the Realms of the Daedric Princes and the planes of Oblivion itself having been left wounded and nearly crippled by their fight.

A fight that ended in a draw, but where the Lord of Demons admitted he could have easily felled the World-Eater had he wanted to.

Morokei had been a witness to such events. He simply stood on the sidelines all of his life, simply watching and watching.

The Dragons offered him power. Made him feel… Useful. They looked at his many centuries of life, the knowledge and wisdom accrued over it, and saw Power in it.

So he was made a Dragon Priest, his master one of the oldest Great Sages. He was taught the Dragon Tongue, and he learned Magic by himself, something he could easily after having witnessed many Mages at work.

From a passive man, he became a terrifying strategist. He was cunning, sharp, and helped make the expansion and rule of the Dragons over Tamriel reach near perfection.

More Dragon Priests were recruited under his watchful eyes, and the strength of the Dragon Council kept rising higher and higher.

Finally, he felt like his life had meaning. That he had achieved his purpose.

...Only for everything he had worked hard for to come crashing down.

The Dragon War. The Dragonrend Shout. Deinmaar's and Konahriik's betrayals.

Loss after loss, until the Dragons were cowed after the World-Eater was sealed through the use of an Elder Scrolls.

Thus, awaiting his arrival, Morokei decided to seal himself away within the ruins of the capital to await his return, while plotting a nigh-perfect plan for their rise back to the highest peaks of power.

And now, he just needs to obtain the pieces of the puzzle left to complete his plan.

But of course, not all plans can succeed without facing some obstacles on the way.

The whole of Blackreach wailed beneath the Magical might of the Second Archmage of the College of Winterhold. A radiant golden sun blooms to life with a flick of her wrist, turning into a beam that lit up the paradise beneath the earth.

Morokei blocks the Holy Magic with a massive ten-layered Ward powered by the Staff of Magnus, leeching the very Magicka from the beam of light to empower and fix the defensive countermeasure.

His head tilts, watching as the beam splits off into countless smaller ones that bounce from the Ward and shoot into different directions- Before curving perfectly and aiming for his unguarded back.

His free hand waves through the air, conjuring a tidal wave of waters that surge towards the ceiling of Blackreach, swallowing the dozens of arching beams while crashing down with loud splashes, sending droplets of water flying in every direction.

Only for said droplets to freeze mid-air, then fly through the air with ear-piercing noises, like a storm of needles ready to skewer whatever was on their path.

Kara didn't even blink their way, nor did she bother raise a defense. Instead, her lips part- "Diin." And a lone Word cracks forth, freezing the whole of Blackreach around them.

Morokei floats back, patting off the frost from his dusty robe, unable to help the nod of appraisal as he stares at the surrounding frozen landscape. Such widespread control over the Thu'um spoke of many years of training.

Decades, even. He always deeply respected those that put passion and hard-work in mastering a specific art.

Kara's hands suddenly wave through the air, leaving behind countless phantoms. When her palms clap together, those phantoms split away from her body, creating dozens upon dozens of illusions of herself that float through the air.

And then each phantom started Chanting.

The main Kara cups her hands together as if in a prayer, the tips of her fingers resting against each other as she pulls the palms apart, keeping the hands together in what looks like a sphere.

A feral grin spreads across her face as a small ball of wind forms between her cupped hands, "Ven-Mul-Riik."

Her Draconic Chant is followed by a chorus of countless others.

"Air – Wind – Breeze – Gust – Gale – Storm – Vortex – Tempest – Hurricane!"

"Lah – Su – Wuld – Kest – Nah – Bah – Strun – Vaaz – Gaar!"

Morokei flew back, body trembling as he witnessed the small woman become a Magicka Singularity.

Streams of that ethereal energy became visible, gushing towards her in colossal quantities that could birth Master Class Spells in the dozens.

Yet, Chant by Chant, that power just kept flowing in, and that small woman was easily containing it without breaking a sweat or even visibly struggling at all.

Seeing that, he couldn't afford to hold back. Thus, he grasped the Staff of Magnus and waved it through the air, seemingly drawing a complex pattern that lingered and changed color with more strokes added to it.

Even Kara, with her composure, couldn't help but falter slightly at the sight of what Morokei was doing.

Soon enough, within just mere seconds, a colossal brilliant orange-red run was carved in the air. The Fire Origin Rune, the root of all Original Runes from the Flame Element.

Kara watched as the Water Origin Rune followed next, then the Earth Origin Rune, then the Ice, the Lightning and the Wind. All six Origin Runes, building blocks of Elemental Magicka itself willingly bending to one's will.

Her gaze fell to the Staff of Magnus as she finally understood its real power. Devouring Magicka was likely just its base power… But controlling the Origin Runes is its main capability.

Unleashing one on Tamriel could spell doom for the whole continent. Origin Runes are uncontrollable hazards.

An endless storm. A burning sun. An endless tsunami. An earthquake with no end. A lightning bolt that expands forth endlessly.

They were literal calamities, not meant to be wielded by Mages. Even touching upon Original Runes may be excessive, for layering them together can bring disastrous consequences.

And now, all six of them were drawn into existence by Morokei, and each of them bowed under the rule of the Staff within his grasp.

With a wave of it, the six Origin Runes circled around her form, creating a form of prison within their brilliant forms.

"I understand the need for all those Chants." Morokei suddenly speaks, floating high above the battlefield, "Your Magicka reserves… They are small, aren't they?"

Kara blinks… Then smirks viciously, "I was born with Magicka Deficiency Disease! Even a ten year old kid has more Magicka than me!"

The answer made Morokei still momentarily, for he knows well what that disease means.

It wasn't harmful, but it was a birth defect that many children of powerful Mages suffer. It is known to happen when a powerful Mage impregnates or is impregnated by someone with little to no Magicka within their body.

The sheer difference between them causes a problem to arise within the child, who is born with incredibly small Magicka reserves… Which will never, ever grow bigger.

And to make it worse, said reserves could take days, if not entire weeks to recharge, even with their small size.

Yet, the small woman before him was unleashing such catastrophic power with such a birth defect.

She wasn't a monster birthed by the World… She is someone who became a monster out of sheer spite.

"Truly, you are someone deserving all of my respect." The ancient Dragon Priest bows deeply, free hand on his chest.

Kara sniffs, "I would say the same to you… If you were actually here, that is." She scoffs out, eyes narrowing into a glare.

"Ah." Morokei straightens himself, "It appears you have noticed. My utmost apologies for this rather uncouth trickery."

The freckled woman clicks her tongue, "That's the power of your Mask, isn't it?" She questions, still holding the contained Spell between her palms, "Your reactions are delayed. Not enough to matter, but it feels like your attention is… Split. As if you aren't fully here." Her gaze glides up and down what most definitely is not Morokei's real form, but a perfect copy.

"A perfect replica of yourself, which even replicates the weapon you are holding. I presume it comes at quite the cost."

Morokei nods without shame, "If this copy were to be destroyed, my Mask would follow shortly after." He reveals without care, completely open about the capabilities of his possessions. Not out of arrogance, but out of respect for the woman before him. "I simply came here to gauge your capabilities, Miss."

Kara grits her teeth, "I did wonder why you chose to enter Blackreach through here instead of through the exit Leonidas used." Her posture grows more tense, "You already got your hands on the Elder Scrolls, didn't you?"

The ancient Dragon Priest raises the Staff of Magnus, and the Origin Runes flare to life, "Indeed. Now, I will be most disappointed if you die from this, Miss." Chains of elemental Magicka shoot out of the Origin Runes, piercing into the ground and ceiling while starting to glow with greater intensity. "I do hope we get to exchange blows once more in the future."

The minute Archmage snarls, her cupped hands tensing, "Oh fuck that shit!" Her fingers curl, and her nails dig into the Spell in her grasp… Before pulling her hands apart, and tearing the Spell asunder.

All that accumulated energy expanded forth like a balloon inflating far too much, far too fast.

And Kara proceeded to put all of that immense, volatile energy to use with a Shout.


"FUS! RO! DAH!"
​

A dome of pure white expands forth, atomizing anything unfortunate enough to be within its reach.

Which was dozens upon dozens of kilometers.

That immense explosion was felt across Skyrim as a powerful earthquake that shook the land for several long seconds before the aftershocks were quelled.

But deep beneath Skyrim, Kara scoffed as she floated above an immense perfectly spherical crater, which was also carved into the ceiling.

"Tch… The fucker got away." Even with the immense range of her Spell Detonation, Morokei's clone managed to escape from that sure-kill blow in a way that Kara couldn't grasp.

He had likely used the power of the Staff of Magnus to banish that copy of himself into Oblivion, using it to hide from her until he was assured that she wasn't sticking around for another confrontation.

Or likely moving to another area before banishing himself back to Tamriel, and away from her.

Her glare turned towards the distance, ignoring the devastation she unleashed on her surroundings.

"What the fuck are you planning with that damn Elder Scroll?"




~~XXX~~


​

Whiterun was changing. Very fast too.

With the Civil War effectively over, the Empire was sending a great deal of support towards the main target of the Dragons.

The Hold was expanding, receiving the majority of the focus after all of the remaining Jarls decided that it was best to prepare Whiterun in case of refugees from the other Holds, who may be targeted by the Dragons due to how separated they are.

So Whiterun is being prepared to welcome any refugees that escape from those very likely attacks.

The surroundings below the small hill Whiterun is built on are already filled with buildings and roads, dozens of them- Maybe even in the high hundred by now.

When motivated, these people build fast. They wake up early in the morning and start working immediately, plus I've seen that they hired some Alteration Mages to assist in preparing the foundation of the homes faster.

The Alteration Mages put in the foundation and the rough outline of the building, while the workers put everything together. I swear I've seen five fuckers complain about building a two story home taking too damn long… And they did it within half an hour.

And two of them were drunk. The sun wasn't up yet. Fucking Nords, I swear…

The Merchant Guild was also supporting Skyrim, giving them discounts for supplies like wood and other things that were needed.

Though since Balgruuf started sending out parties of Dragon Gear armored soldiers to clear out the roads of bandits, they've been able to set up a camp in the remains of Riverwood so to start gathering wood in massive quantities.

Plus, soon enough the Emperor will send miners to support Winterhold in mining Blackreach. By boat, by carriage- They'll come in the hundreds, even mentioning abandoning old mines in the Empire territory just so to focus fully on Blackreach.

Through that, they'll be able to stack up on resources for gear laughably fast, thus further reinforcing each Hold and Whiterun.

Sadly enough, material wealth couldn't make up for lost lives. It will take many years for the Empire and Skyrim to recover both from the Great War, and from the Civil War.

Their economy at least won't be lacking, and I'll keep a watchful eye on everything to make sure no one decides to get greedy. Because like hell I'll let some greedy fat cunt ruin all of this.

Balgruuf even brought up the fact that a great deal of Thalmor agents are walking around Skyrim, mainly around the areas near Solitude and the mountains there, due to how their Embassy was slaughtered by Vampires.

So obviously they set up another, much bigger force in the mountains. In the thousands, even.

It would be quite the loss if that new Embassy were to become a smoldering crater. It is about time I strike at them with a crippling blow that damages them more than the Empire, so that they don't get any bright ideas.

I briefly considered letting them waste time, pitting them against Harkon's Vampires and keep wasting bodies against him and his lot, but I decided against it in the end.

For one, I'd rather not keep Serana waiting. While she is docile now and just recovering, it may all change once she is fully recovered and able to protect herself out there.

Not against the likes of Harkon, but it is unlikely that he may find her easily if Serana wishes to lay low and travel around.

Plus, I'd rather not push back the whole 'save her mother' mission, mostly because there is a certain Dragon I want to drag out of the Soul Cairn too.

And because it would feel like a shitty move. Not that Serana seems to have a deep attachment to her mother, which I believe is caused by her Eras of starvation and isolation. I think she just wants to have some choice words with her mother and get it off her chest, then move on.

I snap out of my thoughts as another series of roaring cheers echoes out from the large training area behind Jorrvaskr, where they were currently doing what Nords and hot-blooded men do. Beating the shit out of each other and smile about it.

Giving them access to Anodyne Scrolls was a mistake. They are abusing them so to hit each other even harder.

I swear to Akatosh that I saw Farkas uppercut an Imperial man a dozen meters in the air. I can already see that the unsealing of the Eye of Magnus is already massively empowering their bodies.

Aela said that she had noticed such changes in the recent days, and they all just keep growing stronger. Hildr confirmed through her senses that everyone was basically drinking in the surrounding Magicka as if they were starved plants.

She even theorized that moving the Eye of Magnus here would make their growth even faster, and their surging strength will stabilize faster than before. Something to keep in mind.

Still, the recent events are making the Companions quite happy. They used to be Mercenaries for hire, simply taking out threats left and right for the Jarls or other civilians.

In the past, they even used to take part in wars, though I believe Kodlak was the one to put an end to it, hating to see brothers and sisters pitted against each other for people who didn't care about them, even though they would be given a death they'd gladly welcome. Especially if it comes from someone they highly respect as a fellow warrior.

So because of that change, the Companions were kinda struggling in recent years. Skyrim is mostly safe, with Giants tending to themselves and rarely going out of their way to antagonize others unless their pets or goods are touched.

The more frequent problems are the Trolls. Absolute crackheads, those guys. They breed and multiply like rabbits, and have absolutely no sense of self-preservation.

They'd see a heavily armed city filled with thousands of people and go 'Yeah, I can take 'em.'

And aside from these idiots, there's the usual bandits and the Falmer for areas near mountains. The attack on Winterhold from Vulthuryol likely cleared all of Blackreach from the Falmer, but there are definitely plenty of remnants in random tunnels scattered around and beneath Skyrim.

Those things are like cockroaches, after all.

The training yard behind behind Jorrvaskr was full of activity, with the great hall welcoming all the warriors that poured into Skyrim after learning of the Dragon Invasion.

Many are here to become part of history, part of the final passage of the Prophecy, while quite a few more are here either to help, or for the love of the game.

But just as many warriors have gathered in Skyrim, the Argonians are all rushing back to Black Marsh, having been called back by the Hist just like during the Oblivion Crisis.

Alduin has set camp there with the forces he has, and the Argonians are rushing back to fight and protect their homeland. The Hist will surely drug them up like they did in the Oblivion Crisis, where the Argonians ended up invading Oblivion instead of the other way around.

But that likely won't help much against the Dragons, especially since the effects of the Eye of Magnus will take more time to reach Black Marsh and the Races living there. The closer to it they are, the greater the effect.

Hence, through all of this, the Companions were enjoying the new meat that delivered itself to their jaws. And were currently beating up the majority… Who took it all happily.

Though some were putting up quite a fight… And I am quite surprised to see the man doing the beating here.

Vilkas was currently sparring with a Breton. Tall and well built, upper body covered in countless scars but also covered in bulging muscles. He was old, likely over the fifties, yet he was nimble and powerful.

His upper body was bare, while the lower body was clad in armor. Ebony armor.

This guy is the Ebony Warrior from the game. The man who came to challenge the Dragonborn so to get the final battle and death he desired. And deserved.

Yet, here he is now. Putting his life on the line to battle the Dragons. Mad respect for this legend.

He was also putting Vilkas into the ground, but Vilkas is eating all that up with a huge, bloody grin. He got german-suplexed five times and walked each one off with a laugh. What the fuck do these people eat?

Hell, the goddamn ground he got smashed into each time is cracked. Vilkas ain't even bruised. What the fuck?!

Still, the fight that holds everyone's full attention is the one with Aurelia. And yes, she has trashed her opponent yet, and is actually struggling.

Her opponent is a lean, tall and admittedly beautiful Dunmer woman with radiant red hair, a kind and playful smile on her lips. Her weapon was a thin blade, akin to a rapier but also not. It was close to a katana, just far more thin, and made out of Ebony.

She wielded it with ease, held in her right hand, while her left would often launch a Spell or two, flicking them with laughable ease and speed, speaking of many years of experience.

Aurelia instead was battling her with a greatsword she had borrowed from the Companions, alternating between a single or double-handed style depending on the moment.

The two were a blur of motion, clashing with incredible power and speed, sending rattling and echoing rings of steel clashing against steel. Aurelia held the power advantage, but the Dunmer woman was clearly far more experienced and insanely fast to boot.

"That woman is insane…" Hildr whispers, watching the fight while leaning against my left side, her lone eye wide open, "I can barely keep track of her movements. Spellblades really are deadly, huh?"

I hum, watching the battle intently. Aurelia wasn't nervous, instead she was smiling happily as she clashed with the woman over and over. It was good for her, since recently she has only been fighting against Dragons.

She also misses Deinmaar because the guy was physically stronger than her, and she could afford to go all out without fear. Here she wasn't, because the after-shocks could likely tear Jorrvaskr apart.

Yes, she is that strong. Without using Reinforcement.

It feels like a byproduct of having so much Magicka in one's body… Is that why the Flesh Spells were made? To go over that issue? Something to ask Kara.

A loud cheer brings me out of my thoughts, making me focus back on the fight between the two ladies, which just reached the end, with the Dunmer woman claiming victory as the tip of her blade rests against Aurelia's throat.

A part of me nearly intervened and smashed the Dunmer woman across Skyrim, but I held back that overprotective side of me. Mostly because I know that Aurelia would be fine, and because she was smiling.

And a sweaty, smiling Aurelia was sexy as hell. Ten outta ten.

"That was incredible!" Aurelia exclaims, happily chatting with the Dunmer woman who just defeated her, showing just how much of a good sport she is as the two approach me and Hildr's spot. "Leo, did you see that?! She's so cool!"

...Is my Aurelia a battle-maniac? If so, why is that sexy too? Well, Hildr going all nerdy is also very sexy, for some reason, so whatever.

"Yup." I pop the 'P', crossing my arms over my chest, "I totally saw you try really hard to not turn the surroundings into powder." Aurelia puffs up her cheeks at me, giving me one of her cute annoyed glares overflowing with affection.

Then she regains her composure and turns to the smiling Dunmer woman, "Oh, I didn't ask for your name! I'm Aurelia!" She introduces herself, offering a hand to the slightly shorter and more thin woman.

The smile on her dark face grows, and her eyes glow with kindness and warmth, "It's nice to meet the Dragonborn. You can call me Nereva."

I snort.

All three ladies turn towards me.

I turn my head away and keep snorting, and I even raise a hand to cover my face despite the fact that it does nothing to muffle the sound of my laughter.

"Leo?" Aurelia asks, and I crack out a disbelieving laugh.

"S-Seriously?" I ask, my voice cracking from laughter as I turn to look at the confused Dunmer woman, "You didn't even fuckin' try to change it. Was there no better option than Nereva?"

I mean, I knew they were still alive, but for them to suddenly appear in Skyrim… I guess they wanted to meet a fellow main character of the prophecy, huh?

Nereva blinks, then she blows a playful raspberry at me, "What? It's a cute name!"

"It doesn't even hide who you are!"

"Tell that to all the people I've introduced myself to and they just never make the connection."

I'm going to strangle someone.

"Was it people on Akavir?"

"Nope. Some were Imperials."

Forget strangling. I want to murder someone.

"Uhm…" Hildr speaks up, looking between me and Nereva with an amused look in her lone eye, "You two know each other?"

I nod, "I know her. Kinda."

Nereva shakes her head, "First time meeting this bag of bones." Then she blinks and looks at me up and down, "Oh, did you meet Ol' Sheo too? Fun dude, that one. Good taste in cheese too." I like her already.

I sigh and palm my face, "Ladies, meet the Nerevarine. Yes, that one." Aurelia and Hildr blink, then gasp loudly and gape at Nereva, who grins like an idiot and makes two victory signs with her hands while looking at Aurelia.

"Fellow member of the Prophecy right here!" The woman laughs, "With the Dragonborn, I've basically met all fellow protagonists of the Prophecy!" Nereva states, before pausing, "Well, aside from Talin. I don't know if the guy is even still alive…"

Ah, the Eternal Champion, protagonist of The Elder Scrolls Arena. The majority of prophecy protagonists were all born in the Third Era, with only Aurelia being born in the Fourth Era.

"W-Wait, hold up!" Said Dragonborn was all flushed and startled, clearly unable to wrap her head around who stood before her, "Y-You're alive!? B-But it's been so long!"

Nereva laughs softly, "Due to my curse, I am effectively immortal. I do not age, nor die of old age." Then she tilts her head, "Though I do die if I am killed." She pauses after those words left her mouth, "That sounds so stupid now that I think about it."

I try – and horribly fail – to hold back a snort. Nereva just blows another raspberry at me, showing that she is very whimsical for someone her age.

Is that why Sheogorath is such a fuckin' lovable idiot? It is, ain't it?

Aurelia seems to have reached that same conclusion, seeing the existential crisis taking place in her hollow gaze, "Will I turn out like this in the future?"

Nereva shrugs, "The Agent isn't that weird. Last time I checked, the guy was tending to a huge farm."

"Tell me where so I can go throw hands with that bitch." That whole cluster-fuck that is the Warp in the West… How the fuck does that shit even happen!?

I can understand the game, as you are given different choices to pick from… But to somehow cause a Dragon Break so to let ALL of them happen?!

Dude's indecision managed to warp Reality itself, goddamn…

Hildr slaps me over the head before Nereva can give me the location of the fucker, and I'd pout if I could, "Stop trying to find victims for your idiocy." She scolds me, amusement in her voice.

I just huff, then gaze at the amused Nereva, "How are you even here, by the way? Shouldn't you be in Akavir?"

The Dunmer woman blinks and tilts her head at me, "Ol' Sheggy did say you know a lot of stuff, huh…" She muses, then shrugs, uncaring of where my knowledge comes from, "It was him who told me about this happening. Thought I'd offer my help."

That's… Quite the boon for our side, I'll have to admit. She is likely an Endgame Nerevarine in terms of power, and that is surely massive.

Having her to hold the forth in Whiterun and assist them in battle? That's going to reassure me that they are in good hands.

"Though I am restricted on how much help I can offer." Nereva finally sighs out, placing her hands on her hips, "If Alduin shows his ugly mug, I cannot fight him. It is best we don't risk a Dragon Break, after all."

Yeah, shattering Reality and causing some unknown disaster would be very bad. It could ruin all of our current efforts, and maybe even aid Alduin in the process.

"What's a Dragon Break?" Aurelia suddenly asks, and I remember I never mentioned such things before. Mainly because I truly believed they didn't exist here, while forgetting completely that it was the very reason the Warp in the West happened.

"How to explain that…" I sigh, crossing my arms and leaning my head back in thought, "Time is linear, flowing a set path like a river. But sometimes, branching paths appear. Those branching paths are where specific events occur differently. Parallel Realities, to be exact."

"The event I mentioned before – The Warp in the West – is where eight different paths created eight different Dragon Breaks, which caused a fracture in Reality that caused all eight choices to happen. At the same time."

Nereva speaks soon after me, "They tend to be very common, but don't have such enormous effect as The Warp in the West." She points out, making me nod in agreement.

"For example; Hevnoraak, Potema, even Harkon- All of these guys should have been Dragon Breaks, branching timelines where we could have gone to handle them at our leisure." Aurelia's and Hildr's eyes blow wide open at my words, "But I believe my presence here, together with Aurelia's and Alduin's, have caused these Dragon Breaks to just move forward on their own."

I know not if they merged back into the linear flow of time, or they are still Dragon Breaks. Harkon might be, as he waits for the resolution of the Dragon War so to have everyone weakened, making them easy picking for him and his lot.

Wait, no… These events are happening due to my meddling, aren't they?

Hevnoraak unsealing just when I get in contact with Vulthuryol, who is tied to him.

Potema's ritual just so happening to start when I tell Aurelia about it, thus leading to my Undead-hating lover to go pay her and her Necromancers a visit.

And Harkon… Perhaps the Thalmors did something to draw his ire? It wouldn't be beyond them. Perhaps they saw his castle in the waters and thought it would fit their status? Or something along those lines.

So they were Dragon Breaks, but I just didn't notice due to how they happened. Son of a bitch…

"Still, I am glad to have you around to help, Nereva." I open up to the Dunmer woman, who perks up and smiles happily at me, "I can relax knowing that Whiterun is under your protection." And the Ebony Warrior is also here.

He might not be a match for the same one in the game, who took on the Endgame Dragonborn, but I am sure he is still a terrifying powerhouse in his own right.

"This is the final part of the Prophecy. I can't just sit on my pretty butt and do nothing." The woman shrugs, light smile on her face, "Even if the help I can give is limited, it'll still be better than do nothing."

I nod at Nereva, who just earned a great deal of my respect. She is quite the fun and open woman too, likely a quality one earns from living a long life after having done some unimaginable shit.

Like bringing down three Gods, for one.

"Then maybe we can go and deal with the Vampires." I muse aloud – plus I want to check on what the fuck that earthquake from a bit ago was – and share a look with Aurelia, "Balgruuf might move against the Dragon Priests tonight, so it is best we hurry."

He asked me not to join the battle, but I'll make sure to be around just in case.

"Actually…" Hildr suddenly speaks up, her lone eye narrowed in thought, "Mind if I hang around?" She asks, flicking her gaze between me and Aurelia.

I tilt my head at that, "'Course you can. You want to join the battle, I presume?" She makes a so-so gesture at my question.

"That too, but I actually want to catch some pointers from Nereva here." The Dunmer woman perks up, glowing eyes lighting up even more.

"You want to be a Spellblade!?" The massive grin on the woman's face spelled horrid training for Hildr, something said woman did not notice as she nods.

"I'm decent with a sword, but not that good, and I'd like to have a closer quarter alternative." Especially due to Rahgot's Mask and the power it wielded. With that, mixed with Reinforcement, she will be able to hold her own in close quarters combat.

Nereva nods, "Then we can start now. Just quick tips and a few spars." Then the Dunmer turns to gaze at me, her smile gentle, "I'll look after her during the battle, don't worry."

Damn, she was able to sense my unease? She's sharp.

"Not fully the reason I am worried, actually." I point out, making all three ladies gaze at me with confusion, "Uh… Where's Gretel?"

Aurelia pales in terror.

Hildr palms her face.

Nereva just tilts her head, "Who's Gretel?"

An explosion rings out in the distance, which rattles our surroundings.

I jab my thumb over my shoulder.

"That's Gretel."

...Is that a werewolf howl I just heard?




~~XXX~~


​

"Morokei was here?!" I nearly shout as I stare at the downed, pouting Kara who was throwing a fuss on the grass in the courtyard of the College.

"A bitch-ass clone of his was." The freckled woman grumbles, glaring bloody murder at the sky, "Came to gauge my power while his real self stole the Elder Scroll in Blackreach."

I pause, "...That earthquake was you, wasn't it?"

She turns away and starts whistling.

Serana sighs from where she was and gives me a flat stare, "She came back boasting about 'Did ya feel that earthquake, girl?! That was me, ya hear?!'" The Vampire puffs up her rather massive chest as she mimics Kara's idiotic tone of voice when she boasts rather perfectly.

And said woman ends up taking offense to that, "I don't sound like that, ya big tidded witch!"

Serana just glances down at her massive chest, then looks back up with an amused raise of her brows, as if she should be offended about having her assets called out.

"You do." Lah whispers from his spot, and Kara screams, sitting up to throw her husband a betrayed look.

The strongest Great Sage turns to promptly face the wall. Kara just growls viciously, "I'm throwing Poopdaggah at you later. Just you wait."

…

...Oh fuck, I forgot Poopdaggah in Whiterun…

Eh, it'll be fine.

"So the fucker has an Elder Scroll…" I sigh, palming my skull while I run through my thoughts. What does he need it for? Remove it from the board? Or what? "How strong do you think he is, Kara?"

The minute Archmage frowns momentarily, "Without the Staff of Magnus I could kill him with ease, but you guys would still struggle." I thought as much. His position in the Dragon Council is clearly due to a reason.

"And with the Staff?"

This time, Kara chews on her lower lip for a few seconds before sighing heavily through her nostrils, "I might be able to defeat him, but the collateral damage would likely ruin Skyrim forever." Her gaze flicks towards Lah, who gently wraps his tail around his lover, "Lah would be the only one that could eliminate him with ease. Staff or no Staff."

That just goes to show how horrifying the Staff of Magnus is. "What can it even do?"

The freckled woman stands up and dusts off her skirt, and I am glad to see she isn't injured after her battle with Morokei. It was just an exchange of a few Spells, but the aftershocks of one of them made the whole of Skyrim shake.

"Absorb and perfectly control Magicka while also enormously empowering Spells, robbing Magicka from Spells, and controlling Origin Runes- Something even I and Lah cannot do." And that's what she witnessed. There might be more, and Morokei didn't show off more on purpose.

Like how he just gauged Kara's capabilities through a few Spells. He is cunning, and might be working on ways to remove Kara off the board.

"He might try something during the battle tonight. With the Elder Scrolls." I state, but focus my gaze mainly on Lah, "Can you keep an eye on it, Lah? If what he plans to do with the Elder Scroll is too dangerous…"

The Dragon nods, "I will erase him, even if I despise joining this meaningless conflict." And he is only doing so because of Kara. I'd ask Kara, but Lah is the only being in existence right now that has the excessive firepower to likely get through an Elder Scroll and the Staff of Magnus put together.

And I need him to shut that shit down if it gets too dangerous.

"Thanks." I nod in thanks towards the beautiful Great Sage, before turning to Serana, "So… Ready to go and deal with your dad and rescue your mom?" Her eyes light up, and she swiftly straightens herself.

"Truly? I do not mind waiting more." The Vampire beauty openly reveals, her gaze thankful and kind, "Especially until such a situation is resolved." She adds, motioning towards Kara and the whole problem Morokei raised.

"That's alright, it shouldn't take too long." I wave off her worries reassuringly, before I pause as a thought strikes me.

Right, there is something I forgot to ask a certain Great Sage, "Say, Lah." I call out, earning the full attention of the powerful and wise Dragon, "There's actually a Dragon stuck in the Soul Cairn. He was tricked by the Ideal Masters to protect Serana's mother until death, but she is immortal due to being a Vampire."

Lah perks up at that, "I know of few Dragons that would hold some manner of interest in the Soul Cairn. Might you know of his name?"

I nod, "Durnehviir."

And the Great Sage of Knowledge stands up, eyes wide, "The Undying Great Sage!?"

...Durnehviir is a Great Sage? Fucking hell.

"Damn… Getting to your mom might have just become impossible." I sigh, turning towards Serana, whose shoulders slump.

But that's when Lah speaks up, "No, this is a fortune, instead." He reassures, voice jovial, "Durnehviir is a good friend of mine. Just mention my name, and that you are there to free him from his captivity. He will listen."

"Never-fuckin'-mind, we got this in the bag." Serana lets out a disbelieving but relieved laugh at that.

"My hair might go white if I keep hanging around you people… And I am a Vampire."

"And I still haven't started bullying you yet." I add, earning a shudder from the beautiful Vampire woman.

"Please don't." She begs. I ignore her. I think I just heard her sob.

I am going to sleep like an angel once everything is dealt with.

Shaking away her terror, Serana approaches me and Aurelia, "How do we do this, then?" She questions, and I… Genuinely pause.

I could drop the mother of all Draconian Howls on the castle and just be done with it all, but I can't risk destroying the portal to the Soul Cairn too. Securing it is the priority.

"I have an idea." Surprisingly, the one to speak up is Aurelia. Her arms are crossed, and there's a rather heavy frown on her face, "I believe that you want to at least talk to your father, right?" My lover questions, bringing the beautiful Vampire to a momentary pause.

Her teeth nibble on her lower black lip for a few moments before she nods, "I'd like to hold hopes that he has changed, no matter how slim. It has been two whole Eras, after all."

I can't blame her for holding such hopes, and I don't even want to dissuade her from this.

Aurelia catches my gaze, and she nods firmly, "I'll come with you." She offers, surprising Serana, "We'll use the Elder Scroll as bait."

I perk up at that, "Ah…" Me and Serana understand the plan at the same time, "You want to see if Harkon reacts more to Serana's presence, or at the sight of the Elder Scroll." Aurelia nods, and the Vampire goth gulps, then her gaze grows firm.

"I'm in." Aurelia smile. It was warm and kind, but also sad. One that Serana returns, her eyes drooping lightly, "I'll be prepared for the worst, but hoping for the best."

And that, right there, is how Serana started making Aurelia accept her.

The small amount of tension I had been feeling about all of this faded at this sight.

I do hope they can become friends.

"Alrighty! Let's go fuck up Serana's daddy! And insult Molag Bal until he cries!"

The only person to cheer with me was Kara, the other two ladies just sighed in defeat.

"Bah, at least Mommy Meridia sides with me."

The sword strapped across Aurelia's back glows brightly, "No, I do not." And then it dulls, leaving a severely disturbed Serana in the process of trying to process what happened.

But I am not done yet! There is still hope!

So I fish Remy out of my robes, "What about my boy Hircine?" Remy straight up dies in my grasp.

I stare at the twitching dead rat while Kara and Lah try and fail to hide their amused snorts.

I breathe in, toss the dead rat away, then breathe out.

"I'm going to Zero Sum this fucking Continent-"

"Leo no!"

Being tackled by a Great Sage was not among my list of to-do things.

Thus, I added it.

And scratched it off.




….


​

Aurelia had swiftly learned that Leonidas never hid things from her.

No matter how absurd something was, or nearly impossible to understand, he would always explain everything.

The reason behind certain actions of his, the meaning behind some of his strange words he'd babble out often, or events she had never heard off.

After a while, Aurelia had grown to absolutely adore that part of Leonidas, and she realized she could spend entire hours listening to him talk and she wouldn't be bored one bit.

So, she was a bit surprised when he didn't fully explain his reasoning for saving Serana, and wanting to help her out.

A part of her felt a bit jealous, but then she always remembered that moment where he reassured her and held her close. It always makes her melt, with her worries melting away with ease.

Hence, she decided not to press for answers. For the usual explanation he always gives her. For it meant he wanted her to discover things about Serana by herself.

It was then that she remembered some words he spoke on their first meeting; "I didn't ask to wake up like this."

Serana could be the same. She might not have wanted her Vampiric powers. They might have been forced on her… And she might hate them even more after the Two Eras of starvation and isolation she was subjected to.

It was why Aurelia felt she should give the woman a chance. Same for herself. Because not all Undead were evil.

The man she loved was proof of that, after all.

"I don't hate you, in case you are wondering." She speaks up, breaking the quiet lingering between her and Serana, with the only audible sound behind of the gentle waves hitting the small boat she was rowing.

Serana turns around, having been gazing at the distant castle for a while with a longing look in her eyes. Beneath the dark sky, her eyes were glowing a bright gold, and Aurelia found herself admitting that the woman was an incredible beauty once more.

The Vampire woman simply stares at Aurelia for several quiet seconds before lightly tilting her head, "I've grown used to attracting the ire from the followers of Arkay – Or Meridia – just by existing."

Aurelia hums softly at that, "You shouldn't have to." She whispers, yet it was loud enough for Serana to hear, going by the minor widening of her eyes, "You didn't ask to be this way."

Aurelia doesn't miss the shudder that goes through the woman before her, whose gaze falls and grows distant, "Yeah… I most certainly did not."

The grip on the paddle grows tight enough to make the wood crack, "I've come to understand that. And accept it." A light laugh flows past her lips, "After all, I – a Paladin of Arkay – fell in love with an Undead. How absurd is that?"

Serana's lips twitch, "Absurd enough that I'd hear about such a story within a theater. Or a book."

Aurelia snorts, a laugh bubbling out of her once more, "That book would surely be full of smut, I assure you."

The two women shared a good laugh at that, "How would that even work?!" Serana asks, holding her belly from the laughter shaking her body.

Aurelia's nearly had to stop rowing to get her own laughter under control, "I don't know, but I've seen plenty of impossible things."

"Like?"

"An Undead walking in and out of Lord Arkay's church. Without problem."

Serana gapes at that, laughter all but forgotten, "How!?" Then she pauses, and thinks back on the things she saw that dumbass of a skeleton do, "Actually, never mind. I've seen Meridia tolerate his existence. For some reason."

The Dragonborn's lips twitch, "You know… I got Dawnbreaker after Leo annoyed Meridia into giving it to me."

The Vampire's beauty face grows serious as she leans forward, "I need the full story, please."

And so, Aurelia shared the idiotic and impossible things Leonidas did, and walked off without issue.

Like getting Blessed by Arkay, and being the only Undead capable of using Holy Magic.

Or acting all buddy-buddy with Hircine.

Or how the Daedric Princes were trying really, really hard to stop him and Sheogorath from ever meeting.

About how said Mad God took out his anger on Molag Bal on multiple occasions, according to Hircine.

That one nearly made Serana fall off the boat from laughter, and the Vampire woman wondered how she – an Undead – was left out of breath from laughing when she doesn't even need to breathe.

By the time she recovered, they had reached the shores of the castle on the island, and both women disembarked from the small boat with smiles on their faces.

"Hey, Aurelia." Serana speaks up, drawing the attention of the pale woman, "Thanks for that. I needed that laughter."

Aurelia's gaze soften, and she reaches out to gently pat Serana's shoulder, "Anytime." She comforts, before helping the Vampire woman fix the massive scroll over her back, then the hidden blade strapped to her side.

She couldn't risk the Vampires getting violent the moment they noticed Dawnbreaker of all Daedric Artifacts strapped to her back. With it hidden and its Holy Aura suppressed, she could waltz in with it without problem.

"Alright, let's get this show on the road…" Serana shakes her shoulders, takes in a deep breath, then looks behind her. She stared at the waters they came from, then stared at the unsettling darkness lingering beneath, just waiting to explode forth.

The island was already surrounded by that terrible darkness, and the Vampires hadn't even noticed.

Taking the lead, Serana walks forward, stepping past the beach to walk on the long bridge leading to the castle gates.

Flanking the bridge were at least a dozen statues, each a gargoyle resting until called. Aurelia didn't even glance at them, knowing that they weren't a threat even in great numbers to her current self.

Once closer to the gates, a rough voice calls out, "Halt! Who goes-" Then said voice chokes up, a gasp reaching Aurelia's ears, "Lady Serana?! Lady Serana is back! Open the Gates!"

A click of metal is soon followed by the large gate bars being lifted, allowing entrance towards the large castle doors.

Serana's lips twitch at the sight, "Two Eras have gone by, yet my father still keeps you to guard the gates?" Aurelia eyes the pale Vampire standing by the lever that opened the gates.

Not one of notable power, and seemed more akin to a Thrall than a Vampire meant to act as a guard.

The doors open with ease as Serana walks in, a potent stench of blood reaching Aurelia's nostrils the moment those large doors cracked opened a bit.

Beyond them lay a long and dark hall, no torches to light it, and no one to welcome them. It allowed Serana to glance back at Aurelia with a sad gaze, "The sight… Won't be pretty." She warns, and Aurelia prepares herself for what was ahead.

Yet, they were intercepted on their way to the hall ahead of them by a figure that stepped out of the darkness, eyes glowing a bright hateful red, "Who dares trespass-!" Like before, this proper Vampire choked on his words the moment Serana met his gaze.

The Dunmer Vampire swiftly lowers his head, "My word, Lady Serana! I cannot believe my eyes!" Without waiting for a response or confirmation, the Vampire moved to hurry towards the hall, where he looked down upon it with a near fanatical gaze, "My Lord! Everyone!"

"Lady Serana has returned!"

Said Vampire's face twitched with barely disguised distaste and scorn before she pressed forward, flanked closely by a stony faced Aurelia.

And the Dragonborn soon found it quite hard to maintain her composure when she reached the large hall. Large tables filled it, with dozens of Vampires partaking upon copious amounts of blood.

Undead Hounds walked around like guard dogs, while their masters drank blood from large ornate cups like it was wine, and refilling them from the large bowls set on the tables.

Alongside it was meat. Human meat, or meat of other species. Skulls filled with blood and floating chunks of meat, organs- Aurelia's hands creak as she clenches them into fists.

At the other end of the large hall reeking of blood lay a large throne, upon which lounged a handsome man with a refined beard and eyes, clad in dark red and gold robes, a long crimson cape hanging off his shoulders.

The man's eyes glowed with a brilliant golden light, a smirk growing on his lips as Serana walks down the steps under the watchful eye of the many Vampires within it, "Ah, my long lost daughter finally returns!"

Aurelia's gaze zeroes in on the man, who she now knows is Harkon himself, Serana's father. He was tall, and radiated an imposing presence that was foul beyond measure.

But it didn't even make her falter even as she and Serana approached the man, who decided to speak once more, "I trust you have my Elder Scroll?"

Serana falters for but a moment before resuming her steps. Her action either went unnoticed by Harkon, or the Vampire decided to ignore it, "After all these years, that's the first thing you ask me? What a caring parent."

Aurelia watches how Serana's sarcastic comment brings a hint of displeasure upon Harkon's arrogant visage, who swiftly smooths it out and replaces it with a warm look that was so fake it made Aurelia nearly sneer.

Yet, she just felt sad, for she saw the way Serana's eyes lost their light with each passing second, her hopes dashed with each word her father so callously spoke.

"Of course I am delighted to see you, my daughter." Harkon sighs out, gaze 'fond' and 'gentle'… While it openly leered greedily at the golden seal of the Elder Scroll on his daughter's back, "Must I say these words out loud?"

He then shrugs, lips spreading in a callous smile, "Ah, if only your traitor mother were here… I'd have her watch this reunion. Before putting her head on a spike, of course."

Serana stills… Then she breathes in, before breathing out. Her gaze, overflowing with sadness and resignation, finally falls back on Harkon, "I had hoped you changed…"

"But I shouldn't have expected that from someone who drank the blood of his daughter and wife right after they were raped by Molag Bal just so to gain access to immortality and power."

Shaking her head, Serana turns to start walking away, instantly earning the ire of Harkon, "And where do you think you're going-"

"You can punch him now, Aurelia."

Any further words that were about to flow out of Harkon's mouth were shoved back down his throat by a gauntlet clad fist connecting against his face.

The sheer force behind it rattled the whole hall, and sent the ancient Vampire flying like a cannonball straight through his throne, then through the many walls right behind it.

Aurelia lets out a long, satisfied sigh as she sags her shoulders, "Man, that was satisfying…" Beside her, Serana whistles and nods.

"Minor complaint…" The Vampire raises a hand, a kind smile on her face, "You should have punched him harder."

Aurelia hums softly and tilts her head, "I'll hit him between the legs next time."

"Ooh, I love the way you think."

The Vampires pounced into action.

Aurelia reaches forward to grasp nothing but air, "Duck down, please." Serana does so without batting an eye.

"Revak." Aurelia spins in a perfect circle, and the whole castle explodes in a shower of radiant Holy light, a glowing golden Dragon Blade firmly set in her grasp.

With that simple and swift attack, she had swiftly obliterated all the vampires, their Undead minions and Thralls. And removed the castle too. "I hope you weren't too attached to this place."

Serana shrugs, still squatted low, "Too dark and moody for my liking." Her lips then twitch, "I prefer the breeze that comes in now that it is more… Open."

The two ladies remained quiet for a moment, before they shared a snort.

Of course, that's when Harkon finally returned. A blood-red Sun blooms in the distance, with Aurelia having punched the man straight out of the castle and into the frigid waters.

And now, he rose back up, his form inhuman and twisted, radiating a bloody stench that was suffocating, and a vile aura that made Aurelia snarl in disgust.

"Damn, you punched that bitch straight into Phase Two." Leonidas' sudden voice startles both women, who squeak and jump away from each other, their heads turning to gaze at the robed Undead sitting on a chair between them.

Leonidas raises a thumbs up towards Serana while gazing at the distant Harkon, "The portal left behind by your mother has been secured. All we need is to finish this boss battle."

Serana sags in relief at that, "Will you be alright? He is a Vampire Lord, after all." She warns, though seeing how relaxed both Aurelia and Leonidas were did soothe her quite a bit.

The robed Undead waves off her worries with a chuckle, "Oh don't worry and just enjoy the show!" Leonidas clapped excitedly, like a kid being given candy, "Now, watch the arrival of the first ever I.C.B.D.!"

Aurelia and Serana share a confused look, "I.C.B.D.?"

Leonidas nods excitedly as the sky cracks open.

"Inter-Continental Ballistic Deinmaar."

A meteorite fell from the skies, burning brilliantly as it fell down with a rumble that shook the very air.

Harkon furious gaze froze, then shot skyward. But it was too late.

A scorching hot greatsword hacked down, straight on his skull. Every ounce of kinetic force gathered by that fall, that speed, coupled with the immense physical might Deinmaar boasts…

Harkon fell so hard and fast that the sea split open for a few long moments.

When Deinmaar's massive form landed before them, his whole armor was was glowing with heat, warping the air around the towering Atmoran… Who ignored it with ease, "Brother!"

Leonidas threw his hands in the air, and went to hug his best friend "Buddy! You fucked him up!"

Said hug never happened, for Deinmaar lifted Leonidas off the ground by his skull, "Was there a need to launch me at that filthy creature, Brother? I just got back."

"Hey, watch your words. That's Serana's father."

Deinmaar blinks, lowers Leonidas, and turns his head towards the Vampire lady beside Aurelia, "Apologies, milady. I did not know."

Serana just shrugs, "No problem, he is an ass anyway."

Deinmaar nods, lifts Leonidas, and glares at his brother, "I am glad to see you awake and fine, brother… But truly? Dropping me from orbit?"

Leonidas crosses his arms and huffs out, "Kara was the one to push you inside the portal I left behind!"

"Because you threatened her with Poopdaggah."

"...I'ma shove that fucker in her bed next time she sleeps, I swear to Akatosh-"

"Uhm…" Aurelia cuts in, making both guys turn to look at her, "Aren't we forgetting something?"

Silence was her answer.

"Harkon?"

More silence.

Serana speaks up, "I mean… He might be dead after that blow-"

Leonidas groans, "And you just jinxed us."

As if on cue, a bloody pillar pierces into the sky from the ocean, bathing the surrounding in a deep, twisted red.

"And here comes Phase Three." Leonidas sighs, before dropping his arms, "Whatever, let me at him."

Deinmaar obeys and puts Leonidas down.

"I'ma go drop some unthinkable slurs on Molag Bal's head-" And both Deinmaar and Aurelia dragged the idiot back.

"Leo, we really don't need another Daedric Prince mad at you."

That's when Serana stepped in, face glowing and all smiles.

"No no, let him go ahead and do that!"

"Serana, no!"

Sometimes Aurelia really felt like she was the only fucking adult in this damn place!


A.N. Next few chapters should be easy and fast to write, as I already have them all planned out!

I think you all are going to love them! More epic battles, more crazy Nords, and more Ysgramor too!

You'll see what I mean by that next chappy!

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed it!

Toodles!
​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Aschente, Levky, BoredKing98 and 626 others
Musashi-Chan
Apr 5, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 54 New
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
May 25, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,163
Since the day he died, he never once stepped foot within the halls of Sovngarde.

He watched that colossal hall from afar, sitting on the grass of the enormous fields around its floating island.

Even from here, he could hear the roars. The cheering. The brawls.

He imagined his Liege and sworn brothers and sisters among those within the halls, and a satisfied smile spread across his face.

In life, he had been so bi-polar. So destructive. His mind was collapsing, wanting the best for his closest people, yet wanting to unleash chaos upon Nirn just so to remove the stain that Elven Races of Mer were.

One part wanted to die gloriously with his closest companions. With his Liege.

Another wanted to die a horrid death, meant to unleash a disaster that could never be fixed. A hole punched through Reality, one that couldn't be sewn shut like in the Oblivion Crisis.

One that would allow a Daedric Prince that seeks nothing but absolute Destruction to walk freely upon all of Nirn with his armies, unstoppable by the weakened Races of Mer and Men.

It all would have been a pyrrhic victory for him. With the cost being far, far too great, but his damaged mind couldn't grasp it any longer.

He knew well why, too. He had delved too deep within Magic, discovered too much, seen far too many secrets, created things that shouldn't have graced Nirn for thousands of years.

His mind fractured, and it fueled his rage. His madness. He started losing it, unable to see right from wrong, only what he wanted the most, and what he was willing to risk to achieve either.

In the end… In the end he was glad to have met that Skeleton. Despite it all, he was granted a decent death, and his mind now was finally healed. Whole.

His shoulders relax, the tightness on his face fades, and his eyes close in relief. He takes in a deep breath, breathing in the scent of the grassy plains around him, while listening to the distant and faint roaring laughter coming from the enormous halls of Sovngarde.

Now, at last, he could rest- A beer mug bounces off Ahzidal's skull, putting an end to his relaxed quiet.

His eyes open, staring at the large and empty mug of ale, the scent of the potent alcohol that was within it filling the air as it rolls across the grass.

Then the ground shakes, and a heavy grunt reaches Ahzidal's ears. His head turns, and his eyes widen at the sight of the towering Ysgramor sitting on the grass beside him.

The bearded giant stared at the distant hall with a smile on his face, his usually tense eyes now relaxed, void of the tension he carried for countless years.

"My liege…" Ahzidal whispers, stunned to see his lord beside him, out here in the endless plains of the afterlife. Such a place was not worthy of one such as Ysgramor, only the halls of Sovngarde were worthy of a Legend like him… And yet, "Why are you out here, my liege?"

The First Man doesn't answer instantly. Instead, his back arches as the titan takes in a slow and deep breath, "These fields remind me of my homeland." He whispers softly, releasing a long sigh filled with longing, "Before it was frozen over by that monster…"

Ahzidal's gaze falls, a shudder going down his very spine and Soul at that memory. They were already hidden away within the depths of Saarthal by then… And yet, even within that Pocket Dimension, they still felt it.

They still felt the horrifying might of that cloaked monster. That abomination that froze over an entire continent with laughable ease, felling some of the strongest Great Sages within seconds.

Even now, after countless Eras, the Magicka behind the Spell that monster had used had yet to run out. By Ahzidal's estimates, it won't run out for countless more Eras. It was nowhere near even half spent, after all.

"But to answer your question…" Ysgramor speaks once more, finally turning his head to stare at loyal friend and Enchanter, "It was because the halls of Sovngarde felt dull without you, my friend."

Ahzidal's face quivers, and his eyes screw shut, "You will get used to my absence, my lord." Opening his eyes, he turns his gaze to the nigh-endless fields, plains and mountains of the afterlife, and wonders if his child and wife were waiting for him somewhere out there. "I do not deserve to stand beside you any longer, especially in death."

Ysgramor merely hums, turning his gaze away as he does so, "Sad, because that's not what we think."

The Enchanter perks up and furrows his brows in confusion, "We?" He repeats, turning to look at his liege, then his eyes widen as he looks past the titan.

Walking over the hill, laughing and carrying barrels of mead and tables of food, were the five-hundred Atmoran Companions. Huge smiles on their faces, no longer carrying frozen armor and weapons, and no longer shells of their former selves.

"You've laughed and lived with us. Fought and bled with us. Drank and got drunk with us." A massive hand pats Ahzidal's shoulder, shaking him out of his stupor, "You're never getting rid of us, you old bastard."

The old Enchanter's lips twitch, "I believe we are way past being old, my liege."

"The one Nord that called me 'Ancient History' in Sovngarde still has to come back from wherever I punched him."

Ahzidal sighs, "Must you get in a fight everywhere you go, my lord?"

"Hey!" Ysgramor protests, pointing an accusing finger towards his approaching army, "They started the brawl this time, not me!… I just finished it."

"...I am surprised Sovngarde is still standing, then." Or that he hadn't felt some form of earthquake shake the Afterlife. Knowing his liege, he rarely holds back when punching someone.

And his punches tend to remove mountains.

Still… Ahzidal couldn't help but smile, for he genuinely felt at home. He didn't push back the Atmorans offering him drinks and food, slapping him on the back, partying and laughing.

He didn't try to escape, for he knew well that they will all chase after him across the Afterlife.

He thought that warriors like them deserved a death worthy of Sovngarde, but… Perhaps, deep down, they all just deserved each other.

Sovngarde was just a hall. Just a building.

The Companions were family. Brothers and sisters. A building shouldn't get between that.

"My liege…" Ahzidal turns to his greatest friend. To the titan that reshaped a whole Era. "A battle is coming, isn't it?"

Ysgramor grins, slamming his mug of ale down, body tensing with immense power, "I can feel it in my bones. So, let us party and feast while we can!"

The Enchanter smiles, "Has that Draugr found someone worthy of Wuuthrad already?"

Wuuthrad was far more than just a weapon. It was a Legacy, like the Word Walls left behind by great warriors who left their story behind together with all the Thu'um knowledge they acquired.

Wuuthrad was like that. But it didn't carry a simple Shout, for Ysgramor didn't feel right for a weapon to carry such a thing.

Instead, it carried something more. Something far greater.

"What do you say, old friend?" The First Man asks, offering his hand towards his shorter yet eternally loyal friend and companion. "Will you join me on the battlefield once more?"

The ancient Enchanter breathes in… Then smiles and takes the offered hand.

"Like the good old day."

Their hands shake, and the Companions cheer, their hot blood already eager for yet another grand battle.

For in Skyrim, a warrior hold a weapon close even in death.




~~XXX~~


​

Lord of Domination.

The schemer Prince.

Lord of Lies.

King of Rape.

The last was always a title I hated the most, but I always hated Molag Bal even more. His mere existence disgusted me, and I always avoided doing his quests each time I replayed the games.

And if I was aiming for the Platinum Trophy, then I'd keep his quest for last, so that then I could start over, without having nothing of his disgusting self within my inventory.

It was childish, but I just hated it. Hated him.

"Moggy!" I cheer, throwing my hands in the air as I hop and skip towards the edge of the island, staring out towards the sea. Mainly towards the pillar of blood-red light soaring into the skies.

Said pillar of Magic had the face of a certain Daedric Prince on it, his chilling gaze settling on me after a few moments, "Abomination-"

"Oh shut the fuck up already." I scoff, waving a hand towards him, "I don't wanna hear you prattle and moan and bitch, you ugly ass fucker." I look at his face, which… Ew. Goddamn. Inhuman, skeletal, and horned and without lips. He looks like an Angler Fish… But even they are more beautiful, "Goddamn, did the Void shit you out like that? Pretty sure you can change your looks, ya know? I advise you to do that, because… Damn."

"I can't physically throw up in my mouth, but I really want to." I sigh, then glance down where Harkon was floating in his Vampire Lord form. Wings spread, angry snarl on his horrid face, and a long jagged bloody greatsword in his grasp.

Molag Bal remains quiet, the only sound that I could hear was the roar of that pillar of Magicka. What exactly they are doing, I don't know… Nor do I really care.

"Unafraid of offending a God, and unafraid of making them your enemy…" Was that praise I hear in your voice? Also, he sounds like he just deep-throated a fat dick.

Which, knowing him, he might have.

I make a show of picking at my nose – with my middle finger, obviously – while humming, "What about it, buddy ol' pal? Is this about Sheogorath paying your dumbass a visit? If so… I owe him a wheel of the finest cheese."

I die a little inside each time a think of Sheogorath putting Molag Bal in a choke-hold. Mostly because of the laughter, and also because I want to bear witness to such a sight!

Molag Bal laughs, the sound shaking the very air, but I can hear the slight tinge of anger within it. What God takes pleasure in being humiliated by a mortal, after all?

He may be a patient schemer, but he has his own pride. Pride Sheogorath walked all over without a fucking care, because everyone is absolutely terrified of him.

"You would shine better beneath me." The Daedric Prince suddenly states, "Your uncontrollable nature, your very power to devour Existence itself to elevate yourself… They could be put to greater use, instead of being wasted in being a clown."

Hey, I am the best clown out there! Thus, my wondrous talents are totally not wasted! Nuh-uh!

The Lord of Lies, seeing my silence, presses forward, as if seeing the hesitation as temptation. He clearly doesn't know me one bit. "I am the Father of Undeath." He suddenly whispers, the blue eyes within that burning pillar of red glowing like the lure of an angler fish, leading fishes into a maw filled with sharp teeth, "I can gift you a body of flesh and blood back. You'll be able to feel, eat… Savor your women-"

A crack of thunder split the air, and the pillar of red popped like a balloon poked with a needle.

The phantom of Molag Bal within that pillar was smashed apart, and I hum as I lower my finger, "Now, see… That's where you fuck up." I point out, while faking a loud yawn, "My relationship with them doesn't hang around physical pleasure."

"I'm not you. You can't pull bitches for shit, so you resort to forcing yourself upon them. And when you can't do that, you have others sacrifice them to you. See how pathetic that is? That ain't Dominance, that's called being a pussy."

I turn, jabbing a finger towards a specific woman, "Because I sure as fuck know your ugly ass was never gonna be able to pull a Goth Baddie like Serana! Like, look at that!" Said Vampire beauty points a finger at herself, cheeks slightly flushed and gaze thoroughly amused.

I flick my gaze towards Aurelia, who had moved towards the portal leading to the Soul Cairn. It luckily is still active, the problem is that it requires an anchor, because the portal is a one-way trip.

But Aurelia had jabbed Dawnbreaker into the stone before the portal, turning it into an anchor that would allow them to return through a mere thought.

This was mainly thanks to Meridia, who knows our plan and was willing to assist us in destroying the Soul Cairn once everything is done.

"So, let us skip your quite lacking sales pitch and just release your angry baby skeever, yeah?" I faintly hear Serana burst out laughing far behind me for having called her father an 'angry baby skeever', because that is honestly what he is.

He is strong, I won't lie… But even Savos would have no trouble in killing him. Restoration Magic is just that powerful against these creatures, after all.

"You will rue this day, Abomination." Molag Bal promises, his hateful voice drifting across the air.

I just wave my hand dismissively, "I already do. I met your ugly ass, didn't I? Could've spared me that torture, you bitch." I scoff, then turn back towards the others, "Can you believe this dude?"

Deinmaar just shrugs, "Behind you, brother."

A sharp whistles reaches me together with a mad roar of fury, but I don't even turn around and just raise my hand, blocking the wild downward slash from Harkon's blade with my fingers.

Then I turn to look at him, his horrid visage rippling with shock, confusion and budding fear when his powerful attack just… Did nothing. It didn't even crack the ground beneath my feet.

Mostly because it was already flooded with the vile darkness attached to me.

Now, with Harkon so close, I do what any sane person should do when standing before this idiot. I slap him in the face. Hard. Very, very fucking hard.

His whole body staggers to the left, teeth flying everywhere and jaw deforming from the force of my slap.

His gaze snaps back to me – while Serana is laughing her ass off behind me – and he just stares at me utterly baffled, as if to ask 'Did you seriously just slap me?!'

So I do it again.

Then I kick him between the nuts. Hard. So hard his feet lift off the ground.

My hand clenches around the greatsword, shattering the bloody blade into countless tiny little shard, before moving the free hand to grasp Harkon by the neck.

So I could start slapping him over and over again. "Who is a pathetic cuck? Who let his wife get fucked by a God and did jack-shit about it afterward? Who started worshiping said God after he became a cuck? Who is a pathetic father? Who is a fucking idiot? Who-"

I keep slapping him over and over and over again, each slap followed by a question that I know for a fact insults him a lot.

I'm pretty sure he is still wondering how he is losing… Or where his previous display of power went.

The idiot didn't even realize that Molag Bal already forsake him. He saw no chance for Harkon to win, so he withdrew everything he had before it could be devoured by me on Harkon's death.

He is a Champion of Molag Bal no longer. Just a slightly stronger Vampire Lord, but nothing that grand.

I kick him in the nuts again, for good measure, then another time just because his whimpers of pain are fun, before grabbing him by his hair and dragging him back to the group.

Serana was on the ground, holding her stomach and having trouble breathing, "Wanna kick him in the nuts?" I offer her, and she instantly recovers.

She doesn't so much as kick Harkon in the nuts, but jump and stomp on them with as much power she could put behind the stomp. The blow ended up bending Harkon like a lawn chair, much to my amusement.

"I thought he'd be stronger." Deinmaar muses, and I give him a quick pat, very happy to have the giant around. Things don't feel right without this honest goofball.

I shake my head, "He was never a threat. I just never went out of my way to kill him because of Serana." Said goth beauty perks up, "She is still entitled to at least one final talk with the twisted fuck. I know I'd want to have some final words with my father, if I knew I was going to lose him."

I look down at the greatest disappointment of a father this side of Tamriel, and resist the urge to kick his ribs in. His face was already a mangled mess, and he had turned back to his human form by now after the beating he was given.

Then I glance up, past the clouds. Keraunos, my Spear Spell, was still there, flying above like a satellite, giving me view of all the surroundings. It's how I grabbed Deinmaar out of the College and dropped him on Harkon.

Still, opening portals is quite taxing, even with my current reserves. Which is obvious, to be honest. Teleportation still doesn't exist here, and while Kara did theorize ways to make it happen, she did insist that the Magicka cost would be far too immense.

The greater the distance, the greater the cost.

I leave Keraunos where it is, and lower my gaze just as Aurelia's voice reaches us, "Guys, it's ready!" I grab Harkon and drag him across the cleanly cut rubble of his castle, and towards the large room that was Veronica's.

Right in the middle of it was a swirling mass of dark purple mist that went downward, floating steps made of bricks leading to the center of the portal

Dawnbreaker was stabbed into the stone, being the origin point of a radiant golden magic circle that stretched hooks into the portal, to make sure it couldn't be forcibly shut.

"Try not to linger too long." Meridia advises, her voice coming from the glowing Dawnbreaker, "The Ideal Masters won't notice anything for a while, so do what you must as quickly as possible."

I nod, and turn towards Aurelia, "Remember, call Durnehviir as soon as you are inside. If you get him on your side, you'll be able to reach Veronica instantly." Aurelia nods seriously, and releases Dawnbreaker just as the purple mist from the portal swells and rises.

Finally, I turn towards Serana, "Your mother will surely be quite paranoid and judgmental about seeing you there, and with company no less, so you'll have to somehow deal with that."

A light, vexed smile spreads across the woman's lips, "Oh, I know." She then pauses, before reaching behind her and taking off the Elder Scroll, "Here, think you can hold this? I'd rather not bring it within view of the Ideal Masters."

Ah, good idea. I grab it and send it back to her room by dropping it within a quickly expanding pool of darkness, "If things go south, I'll step in." I turn to Deinmaar, and he gives me a low nod of understanding. With him escorting the ladies, I can stay reassured that they'll be fine.

By dropping Lah's name, Durnehviir will side with us, the rest is up to Serana with dealing with her mother. Then bargaining – or threatening – the Ideal Masters with their freedom, or the destruction of the Soul Cairn.

Which will still happen, as it'll be an enormous jump in power for me, and that is always welcome.

Though I don't expect it to go smoothly…

"Be careful, yeah?" I tell the group as they advance towards the purple mist, and I watch carefully as they disappear within it.

I lean back, and Harkon whimpers as I roughly drop on his back to use him as a seat.

"What did you not tell them?" And Meridia suddenly speaks up, her ethereal voice drifting out of the glowing Dawnbreaker.

I honestly nearly screamed, because I didn't expect her to still be lingering around. Still… She is mad perceptive, huh?

With a hum, my gaze drifts towards the distance, a black patch drifting across the skies and keeping a watchful gaze towards the horizon.

"I doubt I am the only one coveting the Soul Cairn."

I can somehow feel it.

A rematch with the World-Eater is coming up.


~~XXX~~
​

A thousand men. That was all Balgruuf was going to bring for this battle. No more, no less.

All one-thousand armed with dragonscale and dragonbone gear, and nearly half of them being Enchanted beyond belief.

One thousand of the finest Companions and warriors Skyrim had to offer. From Imperials, to Stormcloaks, to outsiders that came to be part of History.

The best of the best, ready to die upon yet another battlefield stained by Undead raised by monsters who refused to accept that their Era was long over.

This time, the enemy had control of the battlefield. Their army was made of Undead, but was also largely unknown due to the mist and winds shrouding the area.

Mist and wind that would recede when approached by the scouts, as if mocking them to draw closer, to come battle an army they couldn't gauge.

But Balgruuf laughed at their pathetic attempt at psychological warfare. They were all hot-blooded Nords- As long as there was an army, they would gladly walk straight into it with smiles on their faces and weapons in their hands.

The army was ready, having one last feast and one last drink within view of the shrouded valley where the Undead Army and Dragon Priests were waiting for them.

"Can we expect Dragons to join the fray?" Ulfric questions within the privacy of the war tent that was set up, his own body clad in the thick bone-plates of the dragonbone armor.

The sight made Balgruuf suppress a full, roaring laugh. Ulfric had eagerly moved to join the battle, all to protect Skyrim, he said… But it was also so to run away from the punishment Elisif had forced upon him.

The big and powerful Ulfric, afraid of walking up High Hrothgar so to be judged by the Greybeards. Which… Fair, Balgruuf could understand the fear.

It didn't make it any less hilarious, though.

Hildr nods from her side of the table, flanked by Nereva, the Dunmer woman vouched by Leonidas, "You can always be sure Dragons are around when you fight a Dragon Priest. I just know not how many will stand against us."

Balgruuf strokes at his beard with a hum, "We have weapons of war that will assist us in bringing them down, in case they show themselves."

The red-haired woman nods, "I am confident I can shoot them down myself. The main problem are the Dragon Priests… Or at least, the one called Otar the Mad."

Just speaking that name drenched the room in a cold air. The unsealing of that monster shook all of Skyrim, his mad roar having been heard and felt deep within the very bones and Soul of anyone within the country.

Yet, despite knowing how powerful this Otar was, Balgruuf wasn't really afraid. He had expected Leonidas to protest when he was asked to not take part in the battle, but instead he had given them his full trust.

If a man such as Leonidas believed they could prevail, then any fear and doubt Balgruuf had was all but vanquished.

"We need to divide the high priority targets." Ulfric offers after a while, his lone remaining arm resting against his hip, "The army can cleave straight through the enemy Undead, thus we can focus on the Dragon Priests."

His gaze turns to the other member within the war tent, allowed in due to his great renown across all of Tamriel, "Me, Balgruuf and the Ebony Warrior can take on one of them" The towering Breton man nods, severe gaze on his face.

"I agree. The faster we take him down, the faster we can support the others." The Ebony Warrior states, voice deep and powerful. He was a humble man, and Balgruuf held a great deal of respect for a warrior like him.

"Nereva and Hildr can take on the other one." Hildr nods at Balgruuf's words, "I doubt Otar will join the fray instantly. He might only when his hand is forced."

Nereva hums softly, "If he moves sooner than we expect, I think I may be able to keep him distracted for a bit."

Knowing that Leonidas vouched for her, Balgruuf doesn't doubt the Dunmer's skill and power, "The we'll rely on you if that worst case scenario comes to pass."

Having spoken those words, his gaze turns to the weapon resting beside the table. Wuuthrad lay there, gleaming darkly, and seemingly calling for him, yearning to be used. To lead others into yet another grand battle.

"I can understand your hesitation, Jarl Balgruuf." The Ebony Warrior suddenly speaks, his gaze having softened up as the Jarl gives him his full attention, "Weapons such as that… They carry a history that make them heavier."

"Only arrogant fools would pick such a weapon up and use it without care of its history…" The dark skinned warrior nods with a smile, "The mere fact that you still believe yourself unworthy, is perhaps the very reason you should pick it up. So that you may become worthy of it."

Balgruuf's gaze once more fell on Wuuthrad, that giant black war-ax. All the other Jarls had swiftly stepped away, refusing to try and wield the weapon, to desecrate it with their touch.

Ulfric had placed his hand on it once, then swiftly declared himself unworthy of lifting it. Balgruuf still had to rest a hand on it.

Still, he takes in a deep breath and reaches out. His palm wraps around that gleaming black Ebony, and his hand soon clenches around it.

Wuuthrad leaves the ground with laughable ease, and soon comes to rest on Balgruuf's shoulder. It felt light, and pure, roaring strength flowed through the Jarl's limbs.

He didn't know if it was just a mental trick, or an Enchantment on the weapon, but he genuinely felt so much stronger and bigger. Like he was one of those legendary and towering Atmorans.

"Is it heavy?" Ulfric asks softly, "I didn't lift it… But it felt impossibly heavy."

Balgruuf lets out a slow breath, "Yeah… It is." Heavy on the mind. He could feel the duty to carry such a weapon properly being set on his shoulders, to be a paragon of everything Ysgramor stood for. "Yet, this might be a fraction of the weight Ysgramor carried."

His free hand snatched the helmet off the war table, and swiftly secured it around his head, "I believe we are ready to start. Let us finally clean this Undead stain out of Skyrim once and for all."

Ulfric grins and places his own helmet on, "I couldn't agree more."

The Ebony Warrior follows suit, quiet and overflowing with determination. No hesitation or fear within his movements, as if he'd welcome death upon a battlefield just like any other Nord would.

They walked out of the tent and into the camp where the army had been enjoying what might be their last meal, drink and joke.

They all embraced their wives in bed one last time, and left words to their kids in case they would not return. Balgruuf did too, for he knows that this wasn't like Krosis.

This battle was far deadlier, and far more dangerous. Far more important too.

Krosis shook their confidence, and they were saved by the Dragonborn and Leonidas… But they couldn't always rely on them. The Prophecy never stated that the Dragonborn had to carry everything.

"Pick up your weapons, you bastards!" The Jarl roars, stomping through the camp, his gaze flicking past the valley and towards the clouds of mist shrouding their enemies and the mountain chain ahead of them.

"Today, we either die, or we win! There is no retreat! No reinforcements! Just us hot-blooded sons of bitches!"

His army roars, weapons and shields raised high in the air, and falling into steps with him.

Ulfric and the Ebony warrior flank his left and his right, their steps heavy and filled with purpose as they advanced towards the dense mist.

"These bastards lost once to our Ancestors! And tonight, they shall lose again! To us!"

For he'll be damned if they'll allow these long dead fuckers to bring shame upon his bloodline and that of his man.

And that is when everything went to hell.


"FAAS."
​

The mist blows apart, fading away as if it was never there, and revealing the horrors beyond.

Tens of thousands of Undead stood before them. Burning blue eyes madly flicking towards them, hungry for their still living and untainted Souls.

Skeletons, Draugrs, Skeletal Dragons, Undead Beasts, Undead Hounds, Flesh Abominations, Undead Trolls, Undead Giants, Undead Mammoth's- So on and so forth, the army before them held it all.


"RU."
​

Any Adrenaline and courage was quenched by a bucket of frigid waters, and the whole army comes to a halt.

A dozen Dragons rise from the mountain peak, roaring and laughing down at them.

Down at the ants that they had feasted on for countless years.


"MAAR."
​

And far behind the army, sitting upon a throne of skulls and gripping two pale battle-axes wrapped in ghostly blue flames, was an Undead draped in bear skin and leather armor, his eyes a burning mad green.

Terror washes forth, and the army breaks instantly.

Balgruuf falters, trembling in the wake of that shout as his men scream behind him.

His gaze flickers skyward, and he watches as a bronze giant Dragon dives towards them, jaws open as if welcoming them within his stomach.

Death was coming.

A pathetic, cruel death.

One where they didn't change anything.

The army of Undead charges forth, the earth shaking beneath their rush, their foul Magical presence washing over them, dropping fuel upon the fire that was their fear. Their terror.

And then, Wuuthrad throbs within Balgruuf's grip, and his scared visage turns into a defiant snarl, his mouth opening to roar out Words he had never mastered.




"HUN-KAAL-ZOOR!"


​

It was a Call. One that reached the very halls of Sovngarde.

And a Titan answers the call with a roaring laugh, stomping past Balgruuf to intercept the falling bronze Dragon.

A devastating uppercut sends said Dragon flipping across the skies, but the Titan wasn't done as he leaps after it, reaching out to grab the wildly flapping tail of the beast… Before flipping around and hurling it down like a giant boulder, straight upon the charging army of Undead.

And just when the rest of the foul army was about to reach them, one ghostly figure after another rushed out from behind the living, all roaring. All laughing.

All cleaving straight through the charging army like they were but wet scrolls.

"Grit your fucking teeth, you pathetic descendants of mine!" The Titan that had felled the first Dragon roars, landing upon the corpse of the squashed beast and standing out upon it, "I, Ysgramor, did not father a bunch of pussies!"

The First Man stood in his complete glory, looking like an ethereal phantom, clad in his glorious armor, and lifting up a phantom of Wuuthrad high in the air.

The Five-Hundred Companions rushed forth, an unstoppable avalanche that met no resistance, for they never feared death in the first place.

And just like that, the effects of the Dismay Shout vanished like it was never there.

Pure adrenaline pumped through the veins of the Nords, who launched themselves forth like mad, feral skeevers, and screaming their lungs out.

Balgruuf led the charge, eyes overflowing with worship as he charged through the enemies, his gaze locked upon that Titan. A man he could only dream to become.

Ysgramor's gaze flicks towards Balgruuf, then to Wuuthrad, and the Atmoran grins, "So, you're the one that now wields Wuuthrad, eh? You worthy of it?"

Balgruuf shakes his head without hesitation, "I will never be."

The First Man throws his head back and laughs loudly, "Hah! Good! Of course, no one will ever be worthy of my Legacy!" Turning, the Titan sends a feral grin towards the now standing Otar, "But show me what you got, and don't disappoint me."

"Become someone so great that you'll never need Wuuthrad or us ever again."

With gritted teeth, Balgruuf nods resolutely. He watched as the First Man jumps off the Dragon corpse, shooting into the sky with a single leap.

Otar lifts his gaze, burning green flame glowing brightly as he spreads his arms wide, roaring like a mad beast.

The figures flanking him flied away, the two Dragon Priests shooting towards two different sides of the battlefield, knowing quite well that this was not a fight they were worthy of joining.

Laughing boisterously, Ysgramor falls down from the skies like a brilliant, ethereal comet, "Stand tall, Skyrim!"

The First Man hollers, hacking the spectral Wuuthrad down like a guillotine blade.

"For Ysgramor is with you!"

War-ax meets twin battle-axes in a clash of pure physical might.

The battlefield gives in, and a bottomless ravine is cleaved into the earth, splitting the battlefield in half.

On one half lands Ysgramor, still laughing, still grinning. Still as arrogant and as mighty as ever.

On the other lands Otar, the green flames making up his eyes flaring up to cover his head- Only for his gaze to suddenly snap towards the innocuous old man that had suddenly appeared beside him.

"Elder Arngeir!?" Ulfric's horrified shout echoes across the battlefield.

Otar moves, swinging one of his axes to decapitate the old man that had appeared beside him.

The old monk smiles and raises a finger, stopping the blade without any disturbace.

Before he sighs out softly.




"Fus-Ro-Dah."


​

The clouds vanished.

The earth was stripped of its grass.

The snow cloaking the mountain chain evaporated.

The very air fled.

And Otar's glowing green malevolent flames flickered momentarily before his body became a blur, smashing into his temple like a meteorite.

An immense wave of force tears the mountain asunder, disintegrating the peak, the temple, and whatever lay beyond, leaving behind just a smoldering and ruined cavity within the mountain chain.

Ysgramor whistles, holding a hand over his brows and narrowing his gaze towards the distance to try and spot where Otar had been launched.

Turning, Arngeir smiles kindly at the Atmoran, "Apologies, o' great Ysgramor. This old monk was tasked by the Sky to beat up an unruly child."

The First Man grunts out a loud laugh, "A Master of the Voice, eh? Been a while since I fought alongside one."

The old monk bows his head, "I will make sure to not get in your way."

"Hah! You better not! Show me what the Masters of the Voice of this Era can do!"

Thus, two old men turned to face an unsealed monster whose death was requested by a Divine.

While up above, flying high above the battlefield, a Dragon Priest hid himself.

While holding a large, sealed scroll within his grasp.




A.N. Decided to speed-rush the last chapters of Draugr.

Then do the same with Necromancer.

Though, I do feel that Necromancer has stolen the light of Draugr, since it doesn't get many reviews… Sadge.

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my !

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Still, hope y'all enjoy this chappy!

Toodles!
​
 Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:Aschente, Levky, BoredKing98 and 623 others
Musashi-Chan
May 25, 2026
New
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 55
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jul 5, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,218
Quick A.N. I made a mistake in the last chapter.
Serana's mother is called 'Valerica', not 'Veronica'. Fudge me.

Waiting is boring.

Very boring.

I hate waiting.

Why?

Because waiting is boring.

So, so boring.

Even beating up Harkon to pass the time lost its charm after I kicked him in the nuts for the one-hundredth time… Not that it brought out exaggerated reactions like before.

Likely because there is nothing left down there. And I can't even heal the fucker, else he'd turn to dust!

"P-Please…" The once arrogant fucker whimpers, now a mess of broken limbs and a swollen face that I enjoyed slapping while counting to one-thousand.

You know, Xianxia style, so to have a 'pig face'!… I find it disturbing that it kinda matches, but I guess that's how scientists feel when they test weird shit that somehow works out.

I hum and glare down at Harkon, "Did you repent?"

The poor fucker starts nodding his head furiously, and I can't see his eyes with how swollen his… Everything is. "I-I have! I-I swear!"

I hum and 'glare' down at him. Then cross my arms. "I don't believe you."

He starts sobbing right then and there.

This is the tenth time I've done this, now. It is still very funny.

Man, I am one twisted motherfucker, huh?

I do feel a bit bad, but then it vanishes immediately the moment I remember about the things Harkon has done, and who he openly worships.

Plus, I can insult Moggy through him! Pretty sure that ugly fucker is still listening.

"Perhaps Mommy Meridia will have mercy upon you?" I ask aloud, glancing towards the glowing Daedric Artifact right beside us, and Harkon turns towards it with hope within his eyes. Wherever they are.

I'm pretty sure I slapped one of his eyeballs out of their sockets… But I am not sure.

"Don't call me that." The annoyed voice of the Goddess who totally adores me rings out from the sword, followed by a vexed sniff.

I shrug, "Next time, don't make your body have hips that have their own gravitational field, yeah?" I huff, then look down at Harkon and jab a thumb towards Dawnbreaker, "Can you believe the woman? She's got some legs that go on for days, I swear!"

A flash of light, and then I find myself staring at a clump of ashes.

"Hey! I was bullying that!"

My Harkon! I wasn't done humiliating him! Or insulting Moggy through him!

"You may want to focus on something more important than that fool."

Now that she mentions it… The world suddenly feels very, very quiet.

I see the shape coming through Keraunos just as the very Heavens seem to crack open.

A black mountain crashes forward, bringing with it an apocalyptic wrath that had the ocean recede all the way back to the horizon.

The cloud rumble and howl with his arrival, and I jab an angry finger towards the big son of a bitch.

"Now, listen here you fucking chimichanga-!"

Alduin promptly tackles my shit through the goddamn portal.

What's with Dragons and tackling me!?


….
​

"Dur-Neh-Viir!" The desolate land of the Soul Cairn ripples as the Shout washes forth, echoing across the skies and growing fainter with each passing second.

The plains of the Soul Cairn were disgusting. The earth was a foul, deep purple and strewn with bones and decaying corpses everywhere the eye could see, though that was mostly covered up by the faint lilac mist wafting out of the earth.

Remnants of ancient buildings were strewn around, tall towers rising from the distance… A giant crystals floating high in the sky. The Ideal Masters.

"Gods, the air is…" Serana shudders. Despite being an Undead herself, even she felt sickened by the very air of the Soul Cairn. So impure, and corrosive. "It's so wrong."

Aurelia had a nasty, furious frown on her beautiful face, her balled up fist trembling at her side as she glared left and right. She could easily purge the foul air, but unleashing Holy Magic in the Soul Cairn was a way for her to swiftly get kicked out, and she couldn't afford that.

Deinmaar rests a reassuring hand on her shoulder, which helps calm her rampaging emotions. She did feel better knowing that this place would soon cease to exist, after all.

One less place from where Necromancers could gain power from would do good for all of Tamriel. Maybe the whole of Nirn too.

Though having them resort to robbing graves or ancient tombs wasn't much better… But those were easier to track.

"So, there is truly a Dragon trapped here?" Deinmaar questions, gazing around the desolate desert-like landscape full of death, corpses and ruins.

His stance was relaxed, showing that despite the foul air, he didn't really feel threatened by the surroundings.

Aurelia nods, "According to Lah, Durnehviir vanished some time after he gained an interest in Necromancy. They were good friends, apparently." While she didn't like a Dragon wielding the powers of Necromancy, she felt like this imprisonment likely taught Durnehviir a good lesson.

The Great Sage's original plan was to have armies of Undead beneath him, mostly to wield in his countless training spats with Lah when they shared their newfound discoveries and knowledge.

But Durnehviir's real goal was a way to attain a true, Undying body, hence his 'Undying' epithet.

A sudden Dragon roar answered the call, and the very Soul Cairn quaked beneath that horrifying might.

Deinmaar's gaze shoots skyward just as the clouds part, and colossal wings wrapped in profane deep purple flames cloaking skeletal wings with strips of flesh still attached to them.

What descended wasn't a whole Dragon, but a skeletal mountain of purple flames and decayed flesh and scales, the very presence pouring out of the creature falling upon the group like a sudden tsunami.

"Dovahkiin…" The Dragon spoke, malevolent flames gazing at Aurelia with an intense stare, "It appears I have been sealed here for many, many years…"

Giant claws stomp on the earth, crushing stones and bones alike beneath them as the massive Dragon – nearly as massive as Julspaan himself – started slowly circling the group, "And… Deinmaar? You still live?"

The Atmoran nods, gazing at the Great Sage without fear, "I am." He answers, before chuckling softly, "Still getting into trouble, Lord Durnehviir?"

"Just a temporary setback." Is the Great Sage instantaneous answer, making Deinmaar nearly snort out loud.

Durnehviir was known for being the opposite of Lah. The Great Saint of Knowledge was smart and wise, while the Undying Great Saint was… Reckless, stubborn, and always causing trouble when testing out his 'theories'.

Durnehviir was everything Vulthuryol failed to be and become. A stubborn fool that clawed his way up to power just because he wanted to butt heads with Lah himself.

"And you…" The Undying Great Saint lets his gaze fall upon Serana, who squirms beneath the gaze of such a powerful being, "You feel like Valerica… And look like the daughter she speaks off often."

Serana didn't know how to feel about knowing that her mother spoke often about her, but she decided to brush that aside for. "Could you lead us to her? I am her daughter..."

The Dragon leans back while releasing a rumbling hum, "And why would I do that? I am tasked with guarding her, after all."

That was when Aurelia steps forward, gaze steely, "We are here to also free you. Lah requested it from us."

The Great Sage stills at that, before his crackling flames swell and burn with foul Magics, "Prove it." He demands, deep voice a low, aggressive growl, "If you dare use his name to trick me, then be prepared for-"

"You once challenged Lah to a battle and got so thoroughly thrashed that you refused to admit that battle ever happened in the first place."

"I apologize for my outburst." The mighty Great Saint instantly became as meek as an obedient dog, head lowered and all, "Please do not share that with anyone else."

Aurelia blinks, then slowly allows herself to relax, "I thought I'd have had to use a lot more embarrassing and personal things to get you to believe us."

Durnehviir stills once more, "H-How much stuff did Lah share with you?"

"Everything."

The Great Sage whines and covers his flaming skull with both giant claws, "Why must that bastard go and share such things with strangers!?"

So Lah was indeed right… Durnehviir was quite easy to bully, it seems.

'It is his fault for being so stupid.' Was what Lah used to explain why Durnehviir was so sensitive to being bullied.

"So, uh…" Deinmaar starts, voice cracking as he tries not to laugh, "Can you bring us to Valerica?"

Latching onto the distraction, the giant Dragon perks up and recovers his previous arrogance, "...As long as you never mention these things again." The trio nods, and Durnehviir swiftly lowers a wing to allow them to climb upon his back.

His flames didn't hurt them, though the aura being released from them was nothing short of unpleasant, covering even Deinmaar's skin in goosebumps.

With a flap of skeletal wings and a powerful leap, the Dragon takes to the skies with the trio on his back, allowing them to take in more of the Soul Cain's wastelands.

It looked like a desert from above. Mounds of purple earth and sand, bones of creatures, wandering corpses, and ghastly specters moving about without purpose, lost in an eternal and vile torment. Stolen away from their proper rest.

Either by trickery, or by their own hand.

It didn't take long for Durnehviir to reach their target. A large ruin of what seemed to appear as an old, aged castle, sealed within a large spherical and glowing purple bubble.

Before the bubble lay a courtyard, one large enough for Durnehviir to land on with a loud rumble. "Valerica!" The Dragon roars as the trio jumps down from his spine, "You have guests!"

Serana gulps and breathes in, turning towards the spot in the barrier that showed the doors of the ruined castle beyond. Said doors slowly opened, revealing a tall and beautiful Nord woman with pale brown hair tied up in a high bun, and noble red and black clothing.

The woman's glowing gaze flicks to Serana, before she suddenly freezes, "No… Serana?" The woman rushes towards the barrier, eyes wide, filled with both fear and hope. "What are you doing here? Please… Please tell me that Harkon didn't-"

"He has been handled with." Serana cuts in softly, stepping close to the barrier herself, gaze complicated. "He is likely dead by now. Or begging for death."

Valerica blinks, mouth opening and closing in shock, "I… What? Are you certain?"

Serana nods, "I've seen it with mine own eyes." Her lips then twitch as her gaze flicks away from her mother, "Stomped on his private parts after he was easily defeated by my… Friends." She finishes with a light smile, beckoning Aurelia forward.

Valerica flickers her gaze towards the silver-haired woman and narrows in suspicion, before narrowing even further, "A Paladin of Arkay? Serana, are you serious-"

"Mother." The younger Vampire cuts in, voice sharp and gaze serious, "I haven't come here to have my choices be judged by you." Valerica reels back in shock at her daughter's cutting words, "The whole Prophecy? A sham. A plot created by another Vampire. Me and Father would have both become victims of his twisted revenge against a God."

Not that it would have ended well for that Vampire even if he succeeded. He'd have likely gotten swarmed by Dragons soon after he started using the sacred weapon of Auri-El, who would never let such an offense against their father go by.

Even if it was a different incarnation of him.

Valerica narrows her gaze, struggling to wrap her head around the information her daughter suddenly dropped on her. Then her gaze finally flicks towards Aurelia, "You. I would speak with you."

Aurelia lifts a lone brow and crosses her arms.

Still frowning, Valerica keeps going, "What is a Paladin of Arkay doing in the company of my daughter? It pains me to think you'd travel with Serana under the guise of her protector in an effort to hunt me down."

The Dragonborn merely sniffs and rolls her eyes at those words, "You aren't worth the effort." The woman coldly replies, stunning Valerica, "I have far more horrifying Undead to hunt out there than a negligent mother."

"Negligent!?" Valerica's voice rises an octave, her eyes glowing with her anger, "You believe it pleased me to seal my daughter in a tomb?! She has sacrificed everything to prevent Harkon from completing the prophecy! Something you put at risk-!"

"A 'sacrifice' is a big word… Did Serana do this willingly?" Valerica flinches, and Aurelia openly sneers, "My lover unsealed her because she didn't deserve to starve in a dusty crypt for over Two Eras. I am simply here to reunite a family, not to be judged."

The older Vampire flares her nostrils, "And you put her in danger for some pity!? The Elder Scrolls are useless, it is her blood that Harkon needs!"

Deinmaar perks up at that, "Her blood?" He questions, drawing the woman's intense gaze towards him, where it falters and flickers in fear at his mere presence.

"Like myself, Serana was a human once. We were devout followers of Lord Molag Bal." Aurelia shoots a look towards Serana, who avoids it and lowers hers to the ground, "Tradition dictates the females be offered to Molag Bal on his summoning day. Few survive the ordea."

"Those that do are called 'Daughters of Coldharbour.'"

Aurelia's blood chills, her look of anger morphing into one of absolute horror and disgust, "A-And you did this willingly…?" She asks, gazing at Serana in horror.

But it was Valerica that answered, "It was expected of her, just as it was expected of me. Being selected as an offering to Molag Bal is an honor. She wouldn't have dared turn her back on that-"

The entire barrier rumbles, a pressurized shock-wave rippling forth and sending both Serana and Valerica on their butts, with Valerica gaping in horror at where Aurelia had punched the barrier, which dented under the force of the blow.

"Expected? Honor? Dared?!" Aurelia was shaking from anger as she flares her nostrils, her fist still pushing against the crackling barrier, "Do you even hear yourself, you bitch!?"

"Did Serana ever even get a choice in her own Arkay-damned life!? Or was it always you and others?! Turned into a toy for a vile God with a risk of death, turned into a tool for some stupid prophecy, and then sealed away because you were too incapable to fight your husband!?"

Gritting her teeth, Aurelia pulls away and looks at Serana with a cutting stare, "Was it, Serana?" She asks, startling the younger Vampire, "Was it an honor to have your body defiled by a God? Was it an honor to be buried in a dusty crypt and left to starve for thousands of years?"

"Was it an honor to have your life be dictated by others every step of the way?"

Serana trembles, then bites her lower lip as her eyes narrow in anger, "Fuck no." She breathes out, and Valerica quivers, her gaze falling and soon becoming lost. "Mother, I… I want to live my own life."

Aurelia breathes in, calming her rampaging emotions before flipping to look towards Durnehviir, "How do we break this barrier?" She really didn't want to, but the choice wasn't up to her. If Serana wanted to fix her relationship with her twisted mother, then it was her affair.

The Great Sage lifts his head to gaze at one of the distant towers far away from their current positions, "The barrier is held active by the three Keepers. Slay them, and it comes down."

"Alas, if you do so, I will be forced to fight you due to my contract with the Ideal Masters." Aurelia flicks her gaze to one of the giant crystals hovering up above.

They weren't the corporeal forms of the Ideal Masters, but more of a medium they used to interact with the Soul Cairn and any Necromancer that seeks access to it and the horrors within.

"And to free you?"

Durnehviir nods towards Valerica, "You drag her out of the Soul Cairn, and I will be free. My contract will become void." She nods at that, remembering that Leonidas spoke about how Durnehviir was only meant to guard Valerica until death while in the Soul Cairn.

Thus, once dragged outside, the contract would become void, and she could simply Shout his Name to recall the Great Sage to Tamriel.

Attacking the Keepers meant having to fight a Great Sage, which would be suicide… So threatening the Ideal Masters was the final choice, like Leonidas had expected.

"Alright, then we'll-" Her words came to a halt when the Soul Cairn itself suddenly shook.

A horrible crack sundered the purple sky like a nasty scar, and it was soon followed by countless more… Then by a roar of horrid power.

"Alduin…?" Deinmaar whispers, and they all gazed towards the distance in utter horror as two shapes rose high into the sky over the horizon.

A mountain-sized black dragon covered in spiky scales rose high, and a pair of colossal jaws clamp shut around one of the crystals floating high in the sky… Before it explodes, a whine and howl of a tens of thousands of Souls echoing forth from the explosion that rippled across the Realm.

Another nearby crystal instead was swallowed by a tide of abyssal darkness, and it was followed by another explosion and horrid wails of damned Souls being devoured.

The two beings battled in the sky, clawing at each other, roaring at each other, and-

"Did you seriously fucking tackle me through the goddamn portal!?"

"You were standing in front of it!"

"No the fuck I was not, you bitch!"

"Yes you were!"

"Nuh-uh!"

And… Arguing?

Aurelia gaped at that, but her eyes also remained fixed upon that apocalyptic beast. The World-Eater. Her nemesis. Her duty.

"We need to move! Quickly!" Deinmaar shouts as the earth starts rupturing, the very Soul Cairn wailing and collapsing as streams of energy flowed in colossal streams towards both Leonidas and Alduin both.

"The Keepers! Where are they-!"

The Soul Cairn froze.

A blast of glacial winds slammed into them with the force of a meteor. The barrier sealing Valerica popped like a bubble being poked by a dry finger, and they all watched in horror as dense frost and snow overtook the Soul Cairn.

Skies, land- Everything had gone white, and the glacial winds kept growing stronger and colder. A bone-chilling cold that attacked their very Souls, making even the likes of Durnehviir shudder despite having no body to feel the cold.

"What sort of monster is that…?"

A giant black spear smashes into the ground near them, and a pool of black soon expands from it. Deinmaar was the first to understand, "To the Spear, quickly!" He howls, pushing through the glacial winds and supporting both Serana and Valerica.

Aurelia instead gaped towards the distance, unable to see the battle between her lover and Alduin, but she could feel it reverberate across the air and the earth of the Soul Cairn, which was rapidly collapsing and being devoured. "Cocytus…"

This was a Spell Leonidas had told her about, which he could rarely use due to how it could destroy the surroundings.

Shaking her head, she turned to the equally stunned Great Sage, "Durnehviir! Come with us, we are leaving!" She shouts over the roaring blizzard, pointing towards the giant spear overflowing with darkness.

The Dragon watched as Deinmaar, Serana and Valerica walked through the black surface of the Spear and vanished, and he instantly felt the contract against his Soul be released.

Thus, with a joyous laugh, the Great Sage launched himself into the Spear and disappeared within the darkness.

Aurelia glances back and bites her lower lip, overflowing with worry for her lover- Only for hands to sprout from the darkness and drag her in, uncaring of her terrified squeal.

And as she fell into the darkness, she swore she heard a certain little shit cackle.

Oh, he was getting a beating once he was back…


~~XXX~~
​

The battle before Ragnvald raged forth.

Companions and Nords mowed through tens of thousands of Undead, a brilliant green light washing down upon them, empowering them and healing them both.

Instead, a vile purple light rained down upon the Undead, making them tougher to kill and protecting them from the Holy Magic raining down on the Nord army.

Soldiers fell in the dozens, but each soldier by now had dragged hundreds of vile Undead to the grave with them before falling, their corpses irradiated with Holy Magic, thus making them unable to be brought back as a thrall to fight against their comrades.

On the right side of the battlefield, Ulfric roared, unleashing a blast that slammed into Vokun, dispersing the Illusion Magic around the floating Dragon Priest.

A hand rises to create a shield- But it is swiftly destroyed by the Ebony Warrior, who hacks his ebony sword down through it, cleaving the spell apart and cutting off the Dragon Priest's shriveled thumb.

Curses in the Dragon Tongue flowed out of Vokun, who was stuck dealing with worst possible match-up for him.

The strategy they had built relied on the fact that Dragon Priests resembled the name of their Masks. Vokun meant 'Shadow', thus making Vokun an assassin instead of a Mage.

Through the usage of Illusion Magic to cloak himself, the Dragon Priest had been planning to stalk through the battlefield to cut down the enemies with precise attacks on their backs… Only for the release of the giant Holy Spell over the battlefield to thwart that plan of his.

Suddenly exposed without warning, Vokun had no chance to retreat as Ulfric and the Ebony Warrior launched themselves at him like feral beasts, depriving him of a moment to escape.

"Hah! Is this one of the mighty servants of the Dragons?!" Ulfric sneers, pure venom dripping from his mouth, "Even the milk-drinkers the Imperials recruit have far more grit than you!"

The Ebony Warrior flips the blade in his right hand with a low hum, "His balls must've shriveled up in his Undead state." He points out, earning a roaring laugh from Ulfric and a snarled hiss from the Dragon Priest, who launched himself at them once more.

The Ebony Warrior stomps forward and raises his gleaming ebony shield, blocking the magical blast of lightning that erupts out of the Dragon Priest's staff, while its other hand conjures a Daedric Dagger within its grasp.

Just as the Ebony Warrior peeked out from behind the cover of his shield, a dagger suddenly stabbed towards his eyes from the thin opening of his visor- Only for a vicious kick from Ulfric to push the Dragon Priest back.

Uncaring of the close shave to death he had, the Ebony Warrior jumps forward, "The Shout!" He calls out, cleaving a bolt of lightning in half with his blade before bashing his shield into the Dragon Priest's skull… Then jumping to the side.

"Fus-Ro-Dah!" A blast of force slams into Vokun, bending him in half like a chair and sending him skidding across the ruined battlefield- And straight into Balgruuf's attack.

The Jarl roars out a bellow, jumping over the corpse of another fallen Dragon, Wuuthrad lifted high over his head before he brings it down with all of his might.

Stunned, Vokun moves his staff in the way to block the blow, but Wuuthrad smashes through it like it was made of poor quality wood, and came down on the Dragon Priest's left shoulder, cleaving it clear off the body together with the whole army.

Vokun snarls back, the dagger in his grasp gleaming and turning into a spear that jabs towards Balgruuf's skull- Only for Ulfric to throw himself in its path, blocking it beneath the stump of his missing arm and locking it in place with a feral grin.

Blocked and stunned, Vokun received a devastating shield bash straight to his masked skull, causing his grip over the Daedric Spear to go slack and for his body to be launched across the clearing.

His Mask suddenly gleams with dark light, and his body suddenly sinks into the shadows of the night the moment it crashes into the ground.

"Back to back!" The Ebony Warrior roars, and the three warriors move in a triangle formation, pushing their backs against each other as they slowly spun around, keeping a watchful gaze on each shadow around them.

But the formation didn't last long, "Argh! Show yourself, coward!" Ulfric roared, disrupting the formation by pushing his two comrades away, leaving his back open.

"Ulfric! You f-!" Balgruuf starts roaring, spinning around just as Ulfric's shadow expanded beneath him… "-ucking genius! Hah!"

Roaring with laughter, Ulfirc unfurls a scroll, unleashing an enormous dome of jade-green light upon their group, thus forcing Vokun out of his shadow with a pained hiss as the Holy Magic rains down upon him.

And he jumps out right within two incoming attacks, too late to react to them and dodge.

Wuuthrad bisects Vokun's waist, and the ebony blade stabs clear through its dead heart, pinning the Dragon Priest in place as Ulfric flips around and cleaves its head right off its shoulders.

"Magic ain't so bad, after all." The Stormcloak leader pants out, massive grin on his face as Balgruuf claps his hand on his fellow Jarl's shoulder, "Stupid plan, but it worked."

The Ebony Warrior laughs, stomping on the skull and fully finishing off the Dragon Priest, shattering the Mask in the process, "Using stupidity to draw in the opponent in a false sense of security is a genius plan, my friend!"

Roaring with laughter, the trio rushed to rejoin the fray and their fellow warriors, bringing death to more Undead.

Meanwhile, on the other side of the battlefield, a roaring flaming beast charged at Volsung. The tall and lean Dragon Priest had a pair of long and thin conjured blades within his grasp, and his movements were swift and deadly.

He dashed between the legs of the flaming beast, slicing its feet off to have it crash and explode on the ground. Only for it to reform with a mad roar and pounce towards the vexed Undead relentlessly.

Far away from that battlefield, Hildr was keeping her narrowed gaze towards the skies, flaming crackling between her hands.

A Dragon swooped down, breathing frost upon the army, but-

"You call that cold?!"

"If I wanted to feel cold, I'd have dipped my balls in the waters north of Dawnstar! Your breath feels like a refreshing breeze!"

"What the fuck did you eat?! I'm going to throw up in my own armor! Ugh!"

...The army was just raining insults upon the Dragons. Said Ice Dragon barely had time to feel offended before a beam of immense heat smashed into its side, punching a hole clear through its midsection and nearly bisecting the beast in half.

It fell from the skies, now the seventh of Dragons Hildr felled with extreme precision and piercing Spells.

Her eye flicks skyward, where a much bigger Dragon was roaring and battling an invisible blur.

That Dragon was a Saint, and Nereva and leaped at it without hesitation before it could bring havoc upon the battlefield.

A clap of thunder flows skyward, cleaving across the clouds as the Saint tries to swat the fly carving wounds into its flesh- Only for a brilliant flash to followed by a roar of pain as its right eye was gouged out.

Then by another, and the Saint started falling as one of its wings was severed.

Then another flash, then another, then another- Nereva became a blur of deadly sharpness, putting the speed she was using against Aurelia to shame as she tore the Dragon apart with her sharp blade.

Hildr's hand suddenly snaps to her left, and a wave of flames gushes forth, stopping Volsung's sudden advance towards her as he erects a Ward with a derisive laugh directed at her usage of the simple Flame Spell.

Uncaring of the mockery, Hildr glances at the Dragon Priest, then swipes her other hand towards her Spell. Air gushes in, and the crackling of gushing flames turned into a devastating roar.

The Ward shatters, and a trench is melted across the valley as Volsung is carried by the massive beam of pure heat and power, which left its clothing scorched and charred.

Hildr sniffs, and her Familiar pounces forth with a mad roar once more, swelling in size and heat, now dwarfing even a mammoth in size.

She gave the battlefield one last glance. There weren't many Dragons left, and they would soon be brought down by the ethereal Companions one way or the other. Those guys were absolutely nuts.

Turning back to Volsung, Hildr advances towards the Undead with a feeling of trepidation within her. This was going to be her first, real fight as a Mage, after all.

Her palms open, and twin spheres of flame flicker to lift within them.

"Heat – Spark – Ember – Hot – Kindle – Burn – Fire – Blaze – Flash – Pyre – Flare – Scorch – Incinerate – Conflagration – Inferno – Sun!"

The twin spheres of flames had, by now, turned into twin Suns. The earth beneath Hildr's feet bubbled as it became incandescent magma, which she easily ignored as she kept walking.

If Kara were here, she'd gape at how many Chants Hildr had used in one go.

Sixteen Chants, all back to back without stop. Chants attracted Magicka from the surrounding atmosphere towards the Spell, empowering it massively without having the Mage use any Magicka of their own.

Each Chant had different levels of enhancement. The first three boosted the Spell by ten percent each, the next three by thirty percent each, then the next ones by eighty percent each. It was an enormous jump in power, which required incredibly precise control over Magicka so to not make the Spell implode from the influx of power.

The ones after the ninth? Two-hundred percent each.

Kara too would struggle with containing such a colossal influx of Magicka, hence why she resorts to Illusion Magic to create other voices, which would in turn do Nine Chants each. It was a way to avoid causing a disastrous Spell Detonation…

With all that Magicka contained inside the twin Suns, Hildr waves her hand and conjures a large flaming Original Rune, before hurling one of the two Suns straight through it.

The Original Rune bends and empowers the Spell that rushes through it, unleashing a sharp, whistling sonic-boom.

Volsung barely has time to cut down the Familiar once more and turn towards the Spell before it hits him straight in the face.

The detonation shakes the valley, yet the explosion was small. A dense, blinding dome of flames rumbles and spins around the location of impact, all thanks to the Original Rune from the 'Contained Detonation' Spell.

That's when the secondary effect of the Sun triggers, and oxygen gushes with a loud howl, the sphere of flames shrinking- Before detonating once more with far greater force.

Volsung's scorched form leaps out of the dome of destruction, missing one leg and looking completely ravaged by the flames. Even his ancient armor looked moments away from falling apart.

His Mask was glowing brilliantly, and Hildr narrows her eyes at the way Magicka seemed to be pushed away from him. A form of Spell Resistance, which makes a Spell grow weaker the closer it gets to his body by stripping away its Magicka.

Yet, it didn't matter that much.

Hildr smirks as her Familiar roars out of the flames from behind Volsung, leaping at him with colossal arms dripping with glowing lava.

The Dragon Priest flips around while swiping its blades, expecting them to cleave through the Familiar like usual- Only for them to bounce off the hardened obsidian wrapped around its body from the use of Rahgot's Mask.

Two giant claws slam around Volsung, squeezing him within their grip and keeping the Dragon Priest pinned, a chance Hildr didn't wish to waste.

The other miniature Sun is hurled, but not at Volsung. Her Familiar opens its jaws and swallows the Spell, the heat being released by its body growing nearly a hundred-fold within a split second.

Now with both hands free, Hildr swiftly started weaving Spell after Spell. Flaming chains erupts around from her Familiar's body, trapping Volsung within them as her Familiar drinks in the surrounding Magicka to recover what Volsung's Mask was stripping away from it.

Miniature scarlet-black Original Runes appear all over the prison of chains and giant claws, each one from the same Spell from the Ash School of Magic.

It was a simple Spell. One of the first ones that Leonidas had bought for her shortly after their first meeting, in fact.

The Spell was called 'Combustion', and it created a simple cloud of very, very explosive Ash.

It was soon followed by a brilliant and fiery Original Rune that appeared on her Familiar's head, which promptly swallowed it and all of its Magicka, the Magicka in the surrounding atmosphere, and rushed towards the seal of claws and chains.

A simple 'Detonation' Spell.

The explosion blinded Hildr for a moment, and a giant mushroom cloud had risen high in the sky but the time she blinked the spots out of her eye.

"...Right, sixteen Chants worth of Magicka." She whistles, while throwing a worried glance towards the battlefield, which luckily wasn't affected much from the immense explosion she unleashed.

Its power had been even greater due to whatever happened to her Familiar after it had come in contact with the Fire Origin Rune. Any Fire Spells she activates through her Familiar would come out so much more powerful than normal, akin to hurling them through an Original Rune… But more.

"Damn." Hildr squeaks and jumps, turning towards Nereva, who had suddenly appeared right beside her and was admiring the molten crater left behind by her recent Spell. "And I was supposed to look out for you?"

The redhead flushes slightly, "I may have gone overboard…"

"Meh. First Mage battle, right?" Hildr nods, "It happens." Nereva reassures, then grin and offers her fist, "That was cool as hell, though!"

The two bump their fists together-


"Enough."
​

The battlefield fell quiet.

Even the Undead stopped fighting.

All heads turned skyward, as yet another Dragon Priest descends from the sky, a glowing Staff gripped in one hand, and a golden sealed scroll in the other.


"I had believed that what I had left would be enough to crush the enemies of the Great Dragons… But it appears I was far too optimistic."
​

The Dragon Priest descended like a God upon the battlefield, staring down at the army below like they were an amassed group of ants that posed no threat to him.


"It appears… That only the great Dragons and Dragon Priests of the past may prove worthy of such an endeavor."
​

The Elder Scrolls unfurls, and a blinding light washes forth.

Far into the distance, Kara went to move to stop Morokei, but was surprised when Lah ended up holding her back.

"Honey?"

Lah chuckled… Then laughed deeply, "That fool… His plan was flawed from the start, and he is none the wiser."

Kara blinks in confusion, but turns to watch the unfolding event without asking more question, holding full trust in her lover.

The army of humans fell back as the light of the Elder Scroll washes forth, and all of the Magicka of Skyrim gushed towards it through the Staff of Magnus in titanic streams.


"Upon this day, I, Morokei, shall use this Elder Scroll to open a door across the River of Time!"
​

A vertical white crack splits the Heavens and the Earth, and Reality itself groaned as it tore open, causing glacial winds to wash forth out of it.


"And call forth the mighty Dragon army of Atmora!"
​

The crack split open like a gaping wound in Reality, revealing the sight of frozen plains beyond it, from which a glacial wind that made Nords shiver and buckle washes out from.

Then a Dragon flew out of the Time Wound.

Then another.

Then a dozen.

Then hundreds flowed out, smashing into each other, roaring in panic, horror and fear as they rushed for the skies.

Morokei paused and turned, confused at the sight.

It was soon followed by a giant Dragon covered in thick stones, who smashed his way through the open Time Wound and roared to the skies, "Lord Alduin!"

The Dragon Sage wailed, voice overflowing with utter terror, "Please! Quell his wrath-!"

The Dragon exploded in a shower of blood and gore that turned into blood-red snowflakes and ice-shards.

A deep, unsettling darkness covered the interior of the Time Wound… And a pair of titanic black hands suddenly appeared, grabbed the edges- And tore the gaping wound further open without strain.

Reality itself wailed.

The Dragons in the sky screamed for mercy.

They all exploded one by one, turning into shards of bloody snowflakes.

An Eldritch horror slowly forced its way through the opening. Billions of compound eyes peered at the surroundings, forms beyond human comprehension taking shape and being consumed each passing second.

Trillions of horrid, demented beasts howled and snapped their jaws as they overflowed out of the Time Wound like a twisted avalanche, staining the surrounding with a darkness that swallowed all light and sound.

The Stars burned as the Gods all came to bear witness to this one moment.

And then, as the world fell quiet… A lone step rang out.

A figure draped in a thick cloak billowing in endless, eternal darkness walked out of the Time Wound at a measured, collected pace.

Every single being on Tamriel felt his presence.

Reality started to unravel. The sky started to disappear, followed by the ground, by the surrounding mountains, by the oceans-

Storms rose and died all over the planet by his mere presence. Earthquakes cracked open the earth, and tsunamis ravished the coasts.

Mundus struggled to contain his existence.

The Godhead wailed in pain.

And Solomon stepped across the River of Time once more.




A.N. Surprise Cliffhanger.

Yeah, Solomon is OP as absolute fuck.

He could kill Prime Alduin with such laughable ease it ain't even funny.

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my p at re on!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoyed this cliffhanger!

Nyehehehehe!

Toodles!
​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, Levky, Johnry-Bob and 525 others
Musashi-Chan
Jul 5, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Threadmarks Chapter 56
View content
Musashi-Chan
Musashi-Chan
Watchu lookin' at, foo'?
JoinedNov 2, 2020
Messages1,888
Likes received362,586
Jul 9, 2026
Add bookmark
#5,257
The Ebony Blade draws power from betrayal.

No matter what kind of betrayal it is, it still creates fuel for the blade to store and empower itself from.

Stabbing a close friend or lover in the back. Leaving them to torn apart by a horde of monsters, or even tripping them so they could sacrifice their lives for another.

Breaking a promise. Going against an Oath. Any mere act that counts as a 'Betrayal' fuels the blade, making it stronger. Sharper.

Alas, all this energy would vanish the moment the Ebony Blade moved from one host to the other… But what if the Daedric Artifact would remain in the hands of the same person for thousands upon thousands of years?

Thus, Dinok took on the accursed Blade of Betrayal, and made countless, countless Oaths.

An Oath to always search for her beloved twin sister.

An Oath to always support the World-Eater.

An Oath to slaughter every single living being.

An Oath to care about her mortal body.

Oath after Oath, with her going against them each passing day, creating immense amounts of energy for the Ebony Blade. All that never saw use.

Until Dinok felt that familiar, nostalgic aura. She felt all of Mundus wail at the presence she longed to see so deeply, and her skeletal body moved without hesitation.

The barrier sealing her burst apart like it was never there, and the lone Priest of Arkay within the church could do nothing as he watched that figure draped in a tattered cloak rush out from behind his back, and exit the church with quick, almost desperate strides.

The Priest forgot to be afraid. Forgot to raise any form of alarm. For in that moment, he did not see or feel a terrifying Undead older than Whiterun itself.

All he saw was a girl rushing towards her father.

While far away from Whiterun, upon a ruined battlefield collapsing beneath the sheer weight of Solomon's presence, all the Gods – Divine and Daedric both – found their gaze rest upon the one being that fooled them all.

The one being that left them in the future, while he changed the past to his leisure. Changed things where they could not act, or have agents of their own.

Where their gaze could no longer reach, for even the God of Time had to abide to the linear flow of the River.

And as the Lord of Demons stood there, undoing Reality by simply existing, every single being that gazed at him understood one singular thing…

He shouldn't exist.

Solomon was akin to a Black Hole, devouring everything – physical or not – while his army of trillions of Eldritch Horrors howled and snapped at the army gathered before it, trembling and shivering within their boots.

The hood of the cloaked being lifted, revealing a simple Wooden Mask beneath, which slowly lifted its gaze to rest upon the floating and stunned form of Morokei.

The Dragon Priest shudders, and suddenly moves to flee- Only for a lone finger to flick in his direction.

The Heavens cracked open, and Morokei vanished, utterly erased from existence… Only for a Mask to explode into shards, and for the one wearing it and hiding far outside of Skyrim to stare at its drifting dust in pure horror.

Solomon's gaze lowers, and the army of Undead vanishes. His gaze turns, and his army vanishes into nothing, leaving behind a gaping wound in Time that struggled to heal itself.

That's when the air booms, and a cloaked figure smashes into the ground before him. "Bor… Mah…" A lone, soft and desperate whisper echoes out, a black skeleton stumbling out of the cloud of dust it had created upon landing.

Dinok stumbles forward and crumbles on her skeletal legs, empty eye-sockets flicking up to gaze at Solomon, "Bor… Mah…" She repeats softly, and Solomon gently reaches forward, cradling the skull within hands cloaked in shadows.

"Slen-Tiid-Vo." Time flows backwards, and Dinok quivers. Organs and muscles and bones stitch back upon her body. A long mane of silver hair reappears and cascades down her back, pale and blind eyes gaze at Solomon with adoration and childish love.

Ancient armored robes reappear over her pale, lithe form, with her tattered cloak now repaired and whole.

A lone, fond chuckle drifts out of Solomon, who strokes her head gently, earning a delighted smile from the quiet, blind woman who leans into his touch.

Blind eyes gaze up at him, then her living and pale hands raise the Ebony Blade in her grasp.

Entire Eras of sacrifices, emotional and physical both, would finally come to fruition. Her purpose and self-given task would finally be complete.

Without a word, Solomon reaches for the Ebony Blade… And shatters it with a swift and merciless squeeze of his hand.

Thousands upon thousands of years of gathered energy from uncountable numbers of broken Oaths and vows were released in that very moment.

An ethereal energy different from Magicka that only the Gods can draw upon, using it to bend Reality to their whim. To reach and poison Nirn with their honeyed words aimed towards those with twisted minds that would gladly do their bidding for power.

And Solomon gathered all of that energy… And turned it upon the Gods themselves.

His whole being flowed into it, his hands cupping around a radiant star burning within his grasp.


"From this day forth…"
​

Hildr shudders as she hears that voice, her lone eye blowing wide open and glistening with tears.

Kara herself recoils back in horror, while Lah sighs deeply and lowers his head.


"The Gods will no longer meddle with Nirn."
​

The Star shot into the sky, burning itself into the night, becoming the biggest and brightest in the dome of darkness sprinkled with holes in Reality left behind by the creators of Nirn departing from it.

An energy born from betrayal, was used instead for the betterment of Nirn. For all the Races of Mer and Men, so that they could all go forward without having Gods meddle in their lives, bringing forth disasters that only other Gods could fix.

Now, only their voices would reach Nirn. Under the protection of the large, glowing golden Star, no Daedric forces could descend, even on their Summoning Day.

And all they could do – at least the worst of them – was rage. Rage uselessly at the barrier that sealed Nirn away from them. A barrier they could do nothing against, for it still lay within Nirn itself, thus already weakening the amount of power they could use against it.

Meanwhile, the Mad God laughed and mocked his fellow irate Gods, enjoying the delightful show with a nice cup of warm, molten cheese like the fine, refined gentleman he is.


"You refused to assist with its creation, so you do not deserve to partake on it."
​

Nirn was given back to its true creators. The Divines felt their connection with the World deepen, but also more restricted.

They could send down a sliver of themselves like the Daedric Gods could, leave it in the form of an Artifact to be found by their would be Champion, but they were also restricted.

They could not demand things from people. From their Champions too, even. They were now Watchers, simply allowing the mortal Races to finally live free of fears of Divine Disasters befalling upon them during their lives.

Far too many times has Nirn suffered because of the Gods. Far too many monsters and disasters were made because of them abusing their powers to satisfy their childish desires.

And as all the mortals upon Tamriel gazed up at the night sky, they all stared at the radiant golden Star shining brightly upon them.

For the first time in history, a Star in the night was born through the hands of Mortals. A Mortal Star among Divine ones.

And when all eyes on the battlefield fall down on the one who made all of this possible, they find him gone. His suffocating presence was no longer there, and the world wasn't collapsing anymore due to his existence.

The Elder Scroll high in the sky soon shattered into motes of light, and the Time Wound slammed shut moments later without a sound, leaving behind the dense chill from the ruined lands beyond it.

All that was left was a ruined battlefield, the corpses of fallen warriors, a weeping child, and furious Gods raging against a seal that they could do nothing against.

And those who beheld these sudden events they could only watch unfold were suddenly struck by a sudden and unexplainable sense of loss.

Kara suddenly perks up as Lah starts to move, wings flapping as his form takes into the dark skies lit up by a radiant golden star. "Honey?"

Lah remains quiet for a while, before softly speaking up.

"I believe it is time we get some answers."



~~XXX~~
​


For the first time since I've been in this skeletal body, I am actually feeling something.

I am feeling… Full. Like I've had a large meal that stuffed me up and left me thoroughly satisfied. Enough so that I'd want to belch in satisfaction, but I unfortunately cannot.

The sheer influx of Souls and power was so immense I was struggling to put both to use, and I know for a fact Alduin was doing it with far greater ease.

More than half of the Soul Cairn was long gone, having turned into a black void that kept howling and expanding around us. I know that the Ideal Masters are still alive – somewhat – but Alduin has thoroughly fucked them up.

I think he can directly target them through devouring the crystals they use as mediums, and the idiots basically moved them around us to try and kick us out of the Soul Cairn… But they basically sent them to Alduin as free food.

So, the World-Eater chomped on them, and somehow massively damaged the Ideal Masters behind each crystal. The amount of power he must've gained from this is likely immense.

Not that my gains are lacking.


Spell 'Draconian Howl' has been Maxed!

Spell 'Draconian Howl' has Evolved!

[Heaven-Piercer]

A Spell born and modified to shatter and pierce through any obstacle with pure speed and might.

No defense, by physical or magical, can offer much resistance against this Spell.

This Spell requires (0/2) Dragon Souls to Evolve.

Spell 'Conjure War Beasts' has been Maxed!

Spell 'Conjure War Beasts' has Evolved!

[Conjure Daedric Titan]

Modified beasts made to resemble the mighty Dragons that once ruled Tamriel, but coming short of matching the strongest among that Race.

These winged, bipedal giants now roam the Planes of Oblivion, growing in might by consuming their fellow Daedra, and now able to Conjure their own armies of Lesser Daedra.

(Current available minions; Ash Titan, Holy Titan, Pestilence Titan,…)

This Spell cannot Evolve anymore.

Spell 'Terra Santa' has been Maxed!

Spell 'Terra Santa' has Evolved!

[Celestial Paean]

A Holy Spell of colossal scope, bringing prosperity, healing, strength and energy to any within its radius.

This Spell's healing is near instantaneous, requiring instant destruction of one's head to claim a life of those under its effect, lest any damage be instantly undone.

Any land this Spell is cast on is blessed and flourishes, bearing healthier crops at a far faster rate, bringing prosperity to the region.

This Spell cannot Evolve anymore.
​

One Spell after the other was finished being perfected and upgraded to the best they could be, or just a level before they'll reach their max.

Until, finally… My attention turns to my last Spell Slot. The one I was planning on using to create an Absolute Defense. Something akin to the Spell Shalidor was known for, which he created to replicate a certain overpowered shield.

For a moment, I hesitate… Then I realize I have far too many bullshit powerful Spells, but no defense ones other than Atlas – which I mostly use to beat the fuck out of people – so it is best to remedy that.

Instead of having to rely on a simple Ward and dump colossal quantities of Magicka in it and hope that it sticks.

So, I get to work!


You have created a new Spell!

Spell 'Ward' has been Maxed!

Spell 'Ward' has Evolved!

Spell 'Grand Ward' has been Maxed!

Spell 'Grand Ward' has Evolved!
Spell 'Aegis' has been Maxed!

Spell 'Aegis' has Evolved!
[Avalon]

A grand, nigh-unbreakable shield that can take any shape the caster wishes.

Striking it – be it through physical or magical means – will evoke a terrifying backlash that can either be redirected towards another target, or released in a wide area blast.

This Spell requires a Dragon Soul to Evolve.
​


Now that's perfect!

Enough so that I instantly erect the prysmatic barrier around me just as a colossal explosion slams against it and Alduin.

I turn to look at the remnants of a destroyed Crystal, then I turn back towards Alduin, who had just turned to look back at me in turn, baleful red eyes widen in shock.

"Did they just blow up the crystals?" I question, and funnily enough, the World-Eater actually answers me.

"I believe they are trying to flee…?"

"Huh…" I sag my shoulders, then point a finger towards the drifting energies trying to flee from us, "Go, boy! Fetch!"

"I am not your attack dog!" The World-Eater roars furiously… While leaping towards the fleeing energies like an attack dog.

"Good boy." I nod in praise, then shoot a swift glance around. The Soul Cairn was nowhere to be seen, fully collapsed as me and Alduin now drift within the Void… No, I believe this is The Land Between, that which separates the Void from Mundus.

...Pitch black, no sights, no weird monsters I remember reading about. I'd give it a one star out of five.

Still, with Alduin now away from me, I reform Keraunos beneath me and allow myself to fall through it. The usual immense cost of creating a portal between Planes of Reality is nowhere to be felt, making me wonder just how much my reserves have grown.

Still… My System is kinda glitching. I've been able to upgrade the Spells, but it is still struggling when I try to bring up the mental 'interface'.

I did consume all the Souls I devoured, so perhaps it is trying to create a new Evolution for me, or just getting used to my new immense growth in power.

I shrug as I step through the portal, freezing the waters beneath me before I fall into them. Keraunos takes shape once more, and I step on it like those Wuxia sword-chads and use it to fly back to shore, where a very wet group is waiting for me.

"I'm back!" I call out cheerfully, and receive scathing glares in return. Even from Deinmaar, in fact. "Why are you guys wet?"

Aurelia jabs a finger behind me, so I turn around to see where I originally dropped them off. It was the Harkon's castle, so… Huh, it's gone.

Like, rubble to the bottom of the ocean kind of gone.

Alduin tackled me that fucking hard? I knew he was a hater.

"Okay, this time, it really ain't my fault." I called his bitch-ass a chimichanga and he tackles me through an island? Grown ass Dragon.

The glares do not recede, or get better, making me really want to pout.

"What about Alduin, brother?" Deinmaar asks after sighing and using his Fire Magic to swiftly dry up the group.

I shrug, "Left his dumbass stranded in The Land Between. It'll be a while before he gets back." And I doubt he can create portals to get back to Mundus instantly.

Either way, I turn towards the new addition to the group, "Valerica, right?" I question the mature woman, who stiffly nods my way. I nod, then jab a threatening finger towards her, "Behave." I tell her firmly, before flicking said finger towards Serana, "Serana deserves that much, at least."

This time, her nod is less stiff, which is good. I know she can do better, so I'll have some minor faith in her. For a while.

I finally turn my gaze to Aurelia, and notice something missing, "Where's Dawnbreaker?" I question, turning my gaze back to the remnants of the islands and stretching my Mana Sense, but not finding it within the rubble.

Aurelia shakes her head, eyes narrowed in worry, "I don't know… But something was happening before you came back. Something big."

Yeah, I don't like the sound of that.

Keraunos swells in size, and I jab a thumb towards it.

"Hop on, we'll go and see how the situation on the battlefield is."

Hildr better be safe, or Mundus will regret it.



….
​


The battlefield was quiet on our arrival. Far too damn quiet.

It was devastated beyond belief, with the mountain range looking a giant took a bite out of it and spat out the chewed up remains.

While another side looked like a nuclear bomb went off, and I kinda know who to blame for that molten crater. Mostly because Nereva is standing behind a flushed Hildr and pointing between the redhead and said crater with a mischievous grin.

"What happened here?" I ask Balgruuf while watching Aurelia rush to give Hildr a crushing hug, much to the redhead's lovely embarrassed face.

Balgruuf takes some moments to answer, soldiers walking past us to retrieve the corpses on the battlefield. Over one-hundred dead in total, from what I can see. "The battle was proceeding in our favor, for a while."

The Jarl starts, giving me a strange look that I couldn't quite place, "Me, Ulfric and the Ebony Warrior felled one of the Dragon Priests. Hildr took care of the other, while Lord Ysgramor and Elder Arngeir fought Otar."

I pause at that.

Ysgramor? Arngeir? What the fuck kind of match-up is this? And is that why the mountain range is still shaking every so often?

Still, I guess summoning the Companions and Ysgramor is what Wuuthrad can do. That's one hell of a terrifying power… Calling forth possibly the strongest army in history is an incredible force multiplier.

"Then…" Balgruuf breathes in, and his gaze grows distant, "Another Dragon Priest appeared, with an Elder Scroll."

Fucking Morokei… Why didn't Kara and Lah intervene, though?

"He spoke about… Opening a door across the River of Time to call forth the Dragon Army that resided on Atmora at the time." I believe I remember reading about such a thing back on Earth, but I might be wrong, "He used the Elder Scroll to open this large wound in the air, and… Hundreds of Dragons started flowing out, all looking terrified…"

"Until one of them started begging for the World-Eater to quell someone's anger… Before the Dragon exploded."

I don't miss the way Deinmaar stiffens, so I'll pick at his brain later.

"A robed man walked out from the portal, and the whole world just… It was collapsing." Balgruuf looks thoroughly shaken, like his very world-view was torn apart within moments. Which, it might honestly have. Just what the fuck did I miss? "A woman appeared, and the robed man did… That."

His hand waves towards the sky, and I lift my head to… What the fuck?

Far above us is now a radiant golden star, clearly smashed and left stationary in the night sky, its light putting all the others to shame.

"What about the woman?" Deinmaar asks, and Balgruuf turns, waving towards the temporary camp they had set up to gather the corpses.

And sitting near it, upon a small cracked hill, was a young woman hugging her knees and weeping quietly to herself, her pale skin and hair standing out and nearly glowing.

Deinmaar stills at the sight, "...Dinok?" He whispers, making me freeze.

The woman's head snaps up, pale eyes dripping with tears going wide, as if she heard his voice calling her name.

And then she was on us, and Deinmaar grunts and stumbles back as the very small woman smashes into him in a literal bone-crushing hug. And I mean it, because I can hear Deinmaar's armor creak beneath the hug.

I look at the sight, watching as the small Snow Elf start weeping even harder, and Deinmaar swiftly crouches down to hug her tightly and offer the comfort she clearly required and wanted.

She is the Dragon Priest me and Aurelia saw beneath Whiterun, yet now she is whole… I am so fucking confused.

I have so, so many questions, and more just keep popping up with each passing second.

"Come on…" I motion to Balgruuf, "I'll help you guys get back to Whiterun so fallen can get their proper burial." I let the darkness expand beneath my feet, only to pause when everyone just starts looking at me.

Each soldier, Balgruuf, Ulfric, the Ebony Warrior, Nereva, and even Hildr, who has a strangely complicated look in her eyes.

"What?"

Balgruuf opens his mouth, then closes it. Then he opens it again, "Leonidas…"

The bearded Jarl starts, a strange look on his face.

"The man that came out of the portal… He could do this too."

Okay… What the fuck?!



~~XXX~~
​


Kara jumps off Lah's head the moment he lands on the ground, her breathing rapid as she rushed forward.

Her wide eyes flick left and right, exploring the ruins to find her target.

Until she turns her head towards the final steps of Bleak Falls Barrow, leading up to the large entrance… Where he sat.

Solomon.

Kara gulps and breathes in, her steps slowing as she walks towards the stairs, staring at the cloaked figure who was staring back at her, a simple Wooden Mask covering his face.

Shaking away any worry or anxiety, Kara smiles, then speaks up, "Hey, Skelly Boy."

The figure stirs, then chuckles softly. But Kara wasn't done as she started walking up the steps, "But… You aren't our Skelly Boy, are you?"

Lah lumbers closer, each step shaking the ancient ruins of Bleak Falls Barrow, his gaze warm and gentle. "From the moment I met Leonidas, I knew that something was just… Out of place."

"Everything just seemed to click into place, so to gather the best of the best around him, and against Alduin."

A low chuckle leaves Lah, "You roused the passion for Magic within me, thus leading to me and Kara meeting."

"You used knowledge of the future to discover Deinmaar, and have him be found by Konahriik the moment he thawed out of the ice in the past."

"And who knows how many other events were manipulated by you so to bring out the best possible outcome."

Vulthuryol angering Kara, thus creating an opening straight to Blackreach that could revitalize Skyrim and the Empire.

Manipulating a group of Were-Crocodiles to go towards Falkreath, thus forcing Hircine to seek protection for his two most beloved children.

Thus leading to Leonidas recruiting the future Archmage of the College.

And killing the Dark Brotherhood in the process, which would have assassinated the Emperor during his trip to Skyrim, thus stopping him from bringing the Civil War to a fitting end and rallying the whole of Skyrim against the Dragons.

And so much more neither Kara or Lah were unaware about.

"You are the Leonidas from a Dragon Break, aren't you?"

Unaware to Lah, this Dragon Break could put even The Warp in the West to shame.



A.N. Interlude chappy with another enormous lore drop, moffokers!

Bet no one saw this coming, eh!?

I hinted at it in ways people didn't really question, which I won't point out.

I love how everyone was 'Solomon is Leonidas from the past!' so confidently, nyehehehe!

If you want to read FIVE or TEN chapters ahead, then hop towards my p at re on!

p at re on SamuraiCheem

Hope y'all enjoys this, folks!

Toodles!
​
Like Like ReplyReport
Like Reactions:You, JayJayOkocha, xDxl4 and 505 others
Musashi-Chan
Jul 9, 2026
Add bookmark
View discussion
Prev  
1
2
 
Threadmarks
Extras
View content
Heliel43



Write your reply...
Empty
This thread is more than 43 days old.
Your message may be considered spam for the following reasons:

Posting in story or quest threads that have been dormant for more than 30 days is a violation of Rule 7. You may only post in this thread if you have significant new content to add.
If you wish to reply despite these issues, check the box below before replying.
Be aware that malicious compliance may result in more severe penalties.
I am aware that replying to this thread may be considered spam, but I still want to make a reply.

 Post reply
 
More options
Share:
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Email
Link
Similar threads
Vexin98
 [NSFW] Lord Kvatch (The Elder Scrolls/A Song of Ice and Fire)
Vexin98 Saturday at 05:46 Words: 18k a song of ice and fire elder scrolls isekai
Replies28
Views5K
Today at 06:07
veekie
[NSFW] A Different Kind of Vampire(A Vampire Dairies/ Elder scrolls fanfiction)
Godofthunderui8 Jun 8, 2026 Words: 20 elder scrolls v: skyrim mage but not as we know it skyrim au
Replies22
Views1K
Jun 17, 2026
Godofthunderui8
Vergil1989 Crossover King
 [NSFW] Shout at the Heavens (Eventual OP OC Dragonborn 'wizard' in Fairy Tail)
Vergil1989 Crossover King Jun 5, 2026 Words: 119k 1 ... 4 5 6 decently smart mc elder scrolls v: skyrim eventual overpowered protag
Replies172
Views33K
Aug 12, 2026
Vergil1989 Crossover King
Vergil1989 Crossover King
CaedmonCousland
[NSFW] Who We Worship - An Inevitable Journey [Pre-Canon Skyrim SI]
CaedmonCousland Jun 5, 2026 Words: 9.6k adventure elder scrolls elder scrolls v: skyrim
Replies14
Views2K
Jun 6, 2026
GooseElite
GooseElite
Lord_Indoril_Nerevar
[NSFW] That Time I was Isekai'd into Skyrim as an Orc
Lord_Indoril_Nerevar Feb 14, 2026 Words: 14k crossover elder scrolls elder scrolls v: skyrim
Replies16
Views6K
Mar 8, 2026
Lord_Indoril_Nerevar
Lord_Indoril_Nerevar
Forums NSFW NSFW Creative Writing 
Style chooser
Contact usTerms and rulesPrivacy policyHelpRSS
Community platform by XenForo® © 2010-2024 XenForo Ltd. Design by: Pixel Exit