Ill-Gotten Gains
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/34685785.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Categories:
Fandom:
Relationships:

Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Series:
Collections:

Mature
Graphic Depictions Of Violence
Gen, M/M
僕のヒーローアカデミア | Boku no Hero Academia | My Hero
Academia
Midoriya Izuku & Shigaraki Tomura | Shimura Tenko, Aizawa Shouta |
Eraserhead & Midoriya Izuku, Midoriya Izuku & Yamada Hizashi |
Present Mic, Aizawa Shouta | Eraserhead/Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic,
Midoriya Izuku & Shinsou Hitoshi, Midoriya Izuku/Shinsou Hitoshi,
(eventually), Class 1-A & Midoriya Izuku
Midoriya Izuku, Shigaraki Tomura | Shimura Tenko, Aizawa Shouta |
Eraserhead, Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic, Bakugou Katsuki, Kurogiri
(My Hero Academia), Shinsou Hitoshi, Class 1-A (My Hero Academia),
Sensei | All For One
Sensei | All For One is Midoriya Hisashi, Midoriya Izuku Has a Quirk,
Midoriya Izuku Has All for One Quirk, Midoriya Izuku & Shigaraki
Tomura | Shimura Tenko Are Siblings, (of a sort), Parental Aizawa
Shouta | Eraserhead, Parental Yamada Hizashi | Present Mic, Minor
Character Death, Additional Warnings In Author's Note, Angst with a
Happy Ending, Hurt/Comfort, Canon-Typical Violence, POV Multiple,
Family Feels, Self-Worth Issues, Mental Health Issues, Healing, Slow
Build, AKA the trolley problem fic
English
Part 1 of THE HONOR OF THIEVES
Dad Vibes, Jaydofavs, Days' best bnha finds , Still_to_read,
hey_look_at_all_these_hidden_gems, The Good Bnha Fics, My morning
bnha tea, Rain Recs, Bnha Bookclub Discord Recs, honestly some of the
best fics ive ever read, Maximilian's Hero Academia, Bnha fics I don't
want to loose, soul healing comes from fanfiction, Best of MHA ever!,
DerangedDeceiver's Favorite Fics, an aroace's favourite fics!, Like A
Favorite Sweater, Most favorite works (GoSleep_NoThatSoInteresting),
None For Yall, Мои_любимые_работы , BNHA Rereadables ,
Keep up with these gems, MHA FICS, Blues Favourite Bnha Fics,
thewanderingcat's favorite My Hero Academia fics, Dadzawa protects
the Green Bean! , love and big apprish to the writers and betas and
podfic creators of these pieces, why I only sleep an hour a night, STO
My Hero Academia - not completed works,
Myra_Approved_Version_of_Midoriya_Izuku, Quality Fics, Chris’s
Best Izuku Fics , Dadzawa Vibes, From the Vault, Lex's Favorite
BNHA Fics ٩(●˙▿˙●)۶, Todo lo que puedo llegar a OLVIDAR, .
Thoth's Luxury Library ., Creative Chaos Discord Recs, Bug's Fav

⛅

😉

💚

✨

🌌

🖤

📓

✨
🌌

MHA Fics, Izuku Angst (aka Give Izuku a Hug Challenge), Izuku's
Dads, What do you mean by Dad for One is not real? Just watch, Fanfics
that Would be Best-Sellers if They Were Published Books, The Overly
Toasted Bagel Collection, quetegustandebnh, bnha fics i dream about ,
Izuku is just trying his best your honor, WHY ARE THESE FICS SO
GOOOOODDDD, FreakingAmazingFics,
Wan Shi Tong's Library
, Where Green Beans Grow, Silvernight01's Library, Great Fics i
Want To Re Read, Goku's MHA List, These fics made me scream, I’m
manly enough to admit I cried reading these, the perfect fic doesn't exi-,
Eatbook's Cherished and wanting more All Fandoms, craftyreader_favs,
Top Tier Reads To Munch On, dadzawa and his hellions, Behold the
Sacred Texts, I need a good parental figure [read: Dadzawa] in my life,
To_keep_up_with_W, Izuku Fics Bc He’s Better Than You🗣
,

🦉✨

🌙

✨🦉

🙌😍

Good and Intriguing AUs, just some incredible bnha ff, T.S.S (This shit
slaps), My Favourite Bnha stories to read, Best, I’ll come back, Best of
BNHA, McNanas' Recommends, ♕, The Reasons For My Insomnia,
zawa , BNHA/MHA, I wanna read these but am currently in a
depressive episode, Fics that somehow keep me alive, Villain Deku, to
read soon i guess, SMALL COLLECTION OF ABSOLUTE
PERFECTION | BNHA, hello yes i can’t stop thinking about these
works, ForRiamostly, The Forest, Got 99 problems but these ain't one,
Seul’s Favorite BNHA Fics, Bnha fanfic who has my heart, Buns fics II,
Lee_ec Fave Unfinished, passes MY vibe check!, BNHAHappyFunFics
Published: 2021-10-24 Updated: 2026-02-16 Words: 341,989 Chapters:
54/?

💚

Stats:

💚

Ill-Gotten Gains
by ghostmaybite
Summary

When his father and Tomura start planning the USJ attack, Izuku makes a plan of his own.
It’s simple, only four steps:
1. Steal Eraserhead’s quirk
2. Use it to kill All for One
3. Give Erasure back, hopefully
4. Go to jail, probably
He’s prepared for the plan to fail at any time, but surprisingly, it’s not until step 4 that things
fall through.

Chapter 1: Attraction of Small Objects
Chapter Notes

Some content warnings in end notes, just in case.
Information that I feel is important that you may or may not care about:
1) To be on the safe side, IGG is rated M for language, violence, and some dark themes
2) IGG contains death within the first 10 chapters. Of everyone who has read this story,
two or three have asked me to tag MCD. I have not, because I strongly disagree that
these deaths are major, but that is, of course, subjective.
3) The angst in this story is heavy and front-loaded. That said, the narrative as a whole is
about healing. Keep in mind, though, that healing itself can be an incredibly painful,
slow, and non-linear process. I am trying to handle these topics in as nuanced a way as I
am capable of. While the angst is omnipresent to an extent, the story gets significantly
lighter later on. A commenter described more recent chapters as "silly but sincere."
Sorry to go on about it, but it's important to me that this story isn't about making Izuku
suffer. It's the opposite. But it is a long journey, and if at any point you're not up for it or
it's not to your tastes, no hard feelings, obviously.
4) Updates are incredibly irregular and often very slow. I'm splitting my creative energy
between IGG and a few original projects, and that's when I have time to write to begin
with. When this story last updated does not reflect on its status. If IGG is ever
discontinued, I will post an expansive summary, including all the notes and materials I
already have, as soon as that decision is made. I guarantee closure for this story. At this
point, though, I do feel fairly confident saying that IGG will be properly completed,
someday.
Okay, that's all for now. You'll notice in the future that I'm possessed by a Demon That
Over Explains Things. Consider this your introduction.
(updated 8/7/25)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Three months from his fifth birthday, Izuku Midoriya stands on his bed and practices using a
quirk he doesn’t yet have. He’s a late bloomer - that’s what his mom and all his teachers
started saying when his classmates got their quirks and he didn’t - but he can’t let that hold
him back if he wants to be a hero. Kacchan got his quirk ages ago and has already gotten so
good at controlling his explosions, so Izuku makes a point of practicing every day after
school to avoid falling too far behind.
He takes a deep breath through his nose, filling his whole chest with air, then exhales a harsh
gust from his mouth. The hope is that something will ignite on the way up, sparking breath
into flame, just like his dad. Kacchan always says that fire quirks are really strong and if

Izuku inherits his father’s quirk they can be like All Might and Endeavour. Izuku tries five
times, but then he starts to get dizzy and has to stop, wobbling on his bedspread before
collapsing down, staring up at the ceiling. No fire breathing today, then.
After a moment of breathing normally, Izuku reorients himself and focuses on his next task.
He springs up, sitting cross legged by his pillows, and stares at the items on his desk. An All
Might action figure catches his attention and he narrows in on it, stretching out a hand and
straining his concentration as hard as he can, squinting his eyes and pursing his lips. He
visualizes reaching out and snagging it, attracting it back to him the way he’s seen his mother
do so many times. For a long moment, he stays that way and he thinks he feels a flash of
something, like maybe it worked this time.
Hope rises in him, fierce and enthusiastic, and he can’t suppress a grin as he mentally tugs
again on the figurine. It doesn’t so much as budge. Izuku’s smile falls, cheeks stinging in its
absence. At this point, he should know better than to expect anything, but he still gets ahead
of himself sometimes. With a sigh, he drops his hand back into his lap.
He takes a deep, fortifying breath to chase away the ache of dashed hopes. “One more time,”
he says to himself, nodding resolutely. He reaches up, focuses, pulls . Across the room, the
toy wobbles and moves forward an inch, dropping off the desk and rolling across the floor.
Izuku stares.
“Did I do that?” he asks quietly, jaw slack, and the little plastic All Might grins up at him,
arm posed in a perpetual thumbs up that seems to say yes, yes you did .
Izuku scrambles up onto his knees and reaches forwards again with a new determination,
pulling the figurine towards him. He watches every slow inch of its progress across the room
with unbridled awe, gently pulling it from the air when it’s close enough. He’s tired now, but
that’s far eclipsed by the joy filling every bit of his body. He’s so happy he can’t contain it all,
eyes brimming up with tears that roll in thick trails down his cheeks. He brushes them away
as they blur his vision, wanting to keep his eyes on the signature yellow, red, and blue that
prove what he had just done.
Izuku had a quirk. Finally, after waiting for so long, he had a quirk. Now he and Kacchan
could be heroes together, and his classmates would stop teasing him, and his mom wouldn’t
have to start looking for doctors like she had mentioned last week. He had a quirk! He had a
Izuku rushes out of bed, tripping over his feet, shaking from a cocktail of adrenaline, relief,
surprise, and fatigue. He clutches his action figure tight in one hand and throws himself out
of his room.
“Momma!” he cries, loud and watery with emotion as he makes his way towards the kitchen
where his mother is making dinner.
“Izuku?” she calls in return. Something clatters in the kitchen and not a second later, she
appears around the corner, meeting Izuku halfway. Immediately, she is down on her knees in
front of him. “Baby, what happened?” she asks, hands running over his arms, wide eyes
looking him over. “Why are you crying?”

Izuku’s mouth opens, sniffling and hiccuping as he grasps for what to say. Wordlessly, he
thrusts the All Might figurine forwards. He had been gripping it so hard that the plastic left
little red indents in his palm. His mother takes it, turning it over between gentle hands.
“Is it broken?” she asks, inspecting it for some kind of flaw. “Sweetie, I’m sure we can fix
it.” Izuku’s curls bounce as he shakes his head, lifting his hand to telepathically tug the object
back to him. His mother’s fingers go limp as it leaves her grasp. She gasps softly. Izuku
swaps from vigorously shaking his head to nodding it with just as much vehemence.
Izuku’s mother is quick to join him in tears, pulling him into a tight hug and crying about
how proud she is. By the time she lets him go her shirt and the top of his hair are both soaked
through and dinner has burned.

Izuku is put to bed early that night. Despite his excitement urging him to stay awake,
experimenting with his new quirk has left him thoroughly exhausted and drifting off on the
couch the moment he finishes his dinner. Inko scoops him up into her arms and thin arms
wrap weakly around her neck as he buries his face there. One of the plastic spikes of All
Might’s signature hairstyle stabs into the back of her head from where Izuku has the toy held
tightly in his fist. He has barely put it down all night, and when he did, he was always quick
to use his quirk to tug it back to him,
“I don’t wanna go to bed,” Izuku mumbles blearily into her shoulder, “I’m not tired.” Inko
only hums in response. She bumps the door to his room open with her hip and gently deposits
him in the bed. He’s asleep by the time she gets the blankets settled around him.
Every day, Inko thinks she couldn’t possibly love her son any more, and then every day he
proves her wrong again. Today, seeing Izuku so happy and excited to have inherited her
quirk, Inko feels a spark of appreciation that she hasn’t in a long time. “Attraction of small
objects” has felt simple and mundane for so long, but Izuku brings a light to it, just like he
does everything else.
After such an emotional evening, Inko is feeling quite drained, but she settles on the couch to
watch some TV before heading off to bed herself. The remote is on the side table, only a lean
away, but with a revived sense of wonder, she reaches out with her quirk to pull it to her, just
because she can.
It doesn’t move an inch.
Inko frowns for a second before shaking her head and smiling wryly at the irony. As
marvelous as Izuku makes her quirk seem, it really is a limited, fickle thing. It has never been
strong or reliable. At the end of such a long day, tired as she is, even such a small thing must
be outside what she can manage. Maybe she was coming down with a cold - her quirk never
did cooperate when she was sick.

Now that she thought of it, she had been feeling a little bit off for most of the night.

“Mama, how long ‘til Kacchan gets here?” Izuku asks over breakfast. He’s been vibrating
with anticipation from the moment his eyes opened in the morning and it took a great deal of
restraint for him to hold the question back so long.
His mom smiles fondly at him. “He’ll be here in the afternoon, sweetie.”
“How many hours?”
“Around four.”
Izuku frowns at his rice. “That’s so many,” he whispers under his breath.
Already, he has his All Might toy clenched in his fist. He needs to keep it with him so he’s
ready to show Kacchan his quirk when the other boy gets there. Four hours seems like ages to
wait, even though Kacchan is supposed to be coming over at the same time he does almost
every Saturday. Impatience squirms in Izuku’s stomach and he eats quickly, as if finishing his
breakfast will make the afternoon come faster.
Finishing her own food, his mother picks up their dishes. “Come on, why don’t you use some
of that spare energy to help me clean up.”
Carefully depositing All Might on the table, Izuku pulls a stepstool over to the sink and
climbs up so he can be level with the counter. His mother toes him slightly to the side so he’s
out of her way then starts the water running and hands Izuku a cloth. They wait for a moment
while the water warms and Izuku reaches out for the stream with his quirk, curious as to what
will happen. Water like this isn’t exactly a “small object,” but Izuku is delighted when it
curves slightly in the air, diverting towards him before continuing its path to the drain.
He gasps, “Mama, Mama, look! The water, Mama, that’s me!”
His mother makes appropriately awed noises. “Very good, Izu! I didn’t know my quirk could
do that. How clever!” He beams at the praise.
Izuku tests his quirk on everything - the chopsticks, little grains of leftover rice, soap suds.
He figures out he can pull on the faucet handle to turn the water off but can’t turn it back on
the same way. His mom laughs indulgently at all his antics and lets Izuku attract all the dishes
to himself to dry when she’s done watching.
With only the two of them, dishes are usually a quick and simple task, but it takes more than
twice as long this morning. When they’re done, Izuku is glad to hear that now there’s only
three hours left until Kacchan should arrive. He and his mother settle in the living room,
turning the TV on to the news. Despite his restless mood, Izuku is immediately absorbed by

the reports on villain attacks and heroes, pointing to the screen and shouting exclamations
whenever anything particularly impressive happens.
Izuku could easily spend the entire day watching heroes on TV and the three hours that
seemed like they would take an eternity to pass fly by in the blink of an eye. In the middle of
an impassioned ramble to his mother, who is less a contributor than a witness, several bangs
interrupt the combined drone of Izuku’s voice and the TV. It’s the telltale sound of Kacchan’s
arrival - he always announces himself by kicking instead of knocking and there are a handful
of small scuffs along the bottom of the Midoriyas’ door from his shoes.
“Kacchan is here!” Izuku shouts, interrupting himself mid-sentence. He’s gone before his
mother can even begin to stand, taking off towards the entrance and throwing the door open.
“Kacchan! Why are you so late? I’ve been waiting forever!”
The blond on the other side of the door scowls, raising his voice to match Izuku’s, “Shut up,
I’m not late!”
Izuku’s mother comes up behind them. “Izuku,” she sighs, “you know you’re not supposed to
open the door on your own.”
Izuku rubs the back of his head sheepishly, closing the door as Kacchan shoves past him and
into the apartment. “Sorry, Mama. It’s just Kacchan and I was so excited!”
She ruffles his hair. “I know, sweetie. Why don’t you take Katsuki-kun to your room and
show him what you’ve learned?”
Grinning, once again vibrating with uncontrolled excitement, Izuku nods and grabs Kacchan
by the wrist to drag him across the living room. Kacchan tugs his arm away, barking a
chastisement at Izuku for touching him, and follows along at a more sedate pace. The
distance to Izuku’s room is small, but in his haste, Izuku can’t help but glance back
repeatedly to ensure that Kacchan is still following him.
“What’s this all about, nerd?” Kacchan demands as he throws himself down on Izuku’s bed.
“You’re being even more annoying than usual.”
Izuku ignores the insult, knowing Kacchan better than to get offended at anything that comes
from his mouth, and thrusts forward his All Might action figure, which had been by Izuku’s
side all day, dutifully waiting for this moment. Kacchan’s eyes cross slightly to focus on the
toy suddenly invading his space and a small, aborted explosion crackles across his palm on
reflex.
“I got my quirk!”
Batting Izuku’s hand and the toy to the side, Kacchan crows, “About time!” He leans forward
with a grin to match Izuku’s, though his is far sharper and more aggressive, if equally
excited. “So what is it then? Can you finally breathe fire like your old man?”
“I got my mom’s quirk! It’s teli - tela - telekinesis! I can pull things towards me! I’ve only
had it for a day, so I don’t know what the limits are, like how heavy the objects can be, or

how far away. I have some idea from what my mom knows about her quirk, but mine might
be different, and she never really did anything to train her’s, anway, so I’m sure that I can
make mine stronger with time. I’ll have to practice lots, but I think it’ll be super good for
rescue or even combat if I use it right -” In his growing excitement, Izuku’s words become
faster and faster until they’re no longer distinct. His attention is only drawn back to the
present moment when Kacchan lets out a drawn out groan.
“Shut up, already! I don’t care about any of that!” Kacchan scowls, though this is the distinct
type of scowl that Izuku knows means he’s pouting. “Auntie’s quirk isn’t very strong. You
better keep up! I’m not gonna have my partner dragging me down with some lame quirk!”
“I won’t!” Izuku promises, enthusiasm undented by Kacchan’s words. “I’ll work super hard
to become the number one hero with you, Kacchan!”
Kacchan scoffs. “You’ll become the number two hero, nerd. I’ll be the number one! So are
you gonna show me your dumb quirk, or what?”
“Ah! Right!” Izuku fumbles with his toy for a moment before tossing it to Kacchan, who
catches it much more gracefully.
Taking a deep breath to prepare himself, Izuku reaches out his hand, maybe a touch more
dramatically than necessary, and tugs , just like he has been all day. Nothing happens. Izuku
blinks and flushes a violent red. Kacchan doesn’t look as angry as Izuku would have
expected him to at the failure, frowning softly at the toy still in his hands instead of
glowering or shouting.
“Sorry!” Izuku squawks. “Let me try again!”
Embarrassment and frustration burn in Izuku’s stomach. All he wants is to impress Kacchan,
which is already a very hard thing to manage, and he goes and messes it up. He’s been using
his quirk all day with no difficulty, but maybe that was the problem? Maybe he already tired
himself out, though he didn’t feel that tired until just a second ago.
He steels himself to do better this time, musters up all his determination, and reaches out
again. He flexes his fingers a little, like a stretch or a warm up, and then. And then his palms
crackle and spark, his skin tingling and warm, like a bunch of pop rocks going off in his
hands. There’s a familiar sweet smell in the air, like caramel, that Izuku has associated with
Kacchan ever since the boy’s quirk came in.
Why was Kacchan using his quirk?
But Kacchan isn't using his quirk. He’s still holding Izuku’s All Might figurine, and Kacchan
would never explode All Might. Kacchan’s eyes are wide, his mouth slightly slack,
expression empty, and as Izuku watches, his fingers go limp and the toy falls, bouncing on
the bedspread before tumbling to the ground. He looks like he’s seen a ghost and Izuku feels
distinctly like he’s missed something as he stares at his own hands and tries to catch up.
Palm facing up, Izuku flexes his fingers again. The same feeling dances across his skin and
this time he sees small sparks and a wisp of smoke that he recognizes from when Kacchan’s

quirk manifested almost a year ago.
“What did you do?”
Still not understanding what’s happening, Izuku looks back up to Kacchan, whose face has
lost its unnatural blankness.
“What did you do?!”
Kacchan grabs Izuku’s hand in a too-tight grip. It takes a moment for Izuku to name the look
on his face, because he’s never seen Kacchan look this way before, but after a tense moment
that stretches out like taffy, Izuku calls it fear.
“I don’t know,” Izuku answers honestly. He feels dizzy and sick and tired. The smell of burnt
sugar coats the back of his throat.
“You stole it.”
“I didn’t.”
“It’s mine and you stole it .”
“I didn’t .”
Izuku’s words are weak and Kacchan ignores them anyway, gripping Izuku’s hand tighter,
until the bones grind together and Izuku can’t help but reach up with his free hand to try to
claw himself free. Red welts rise in the wake of Izuku’s dull nails, but Kacchan doesn’t even
seem to notice, grip still painful and unwavering.
“Give it back.” Kacchan’s voice is low and steady and it sends a shiver up Izuku’s spine.
“I don’t - I can’t - I don’t know what’s going on.”
The moment seems suspended in amber, warped and endless, but then the tension breaks in a
flurry of movement. In a single motion, Kacchan springs up from the bed and tosses Izuku to
the ground. Izuku catches himself, crying out when his weight lands on his tormented hand.
Tears build in his eyes as he attempts to scramble backwards, but the floor feels slippery and
his limbs feel like they’re made of jelly. Kacchan is on top of him in an instant, and for the
first time, Izuku is scared of the other boy.
For so long, Kacchan’s temper has been harmless, even humorous, a simple aspect of his
personality that Izuku accepts and even adores, because he adores everything about Kacchan,
even the rough edges. Now, as he snags Izuku’s shirt collar in his fist, Kacchan feels
dangerous. Kacchan is always so amazing and brave and strong, and for the first time, that
makes Izuku feel weak .
Izuku’s head bounces once on the floor boards as Kacchan straddles him, leaving Izuku dizzy
and disoriented. Lifting his arms is like moving through tar, but Izuku manages to bring one
hand up and brace it against Kacchan’s face, trying to shove him back, though there’s no
competition between the boys in terms of strength. Unconsciously, Izuku’s palm crackles, a

small explosion popping against the left side of Kacchan’s face, making him pull back with a
hiss.
“You little thief. Give it back, you no good villain , give it back, give it back!”
Kacchan is yelling and Izuku is sobbing and furniture bangs as limbs and bodies collide and
then everything blurs together like watercolor, colors running into each other until everything
is black and noises merging into a single high pitched tone.

Inko makes nothing of the first noise - a shout. Young boys can get loud, especially Katsuki,
who screams every other sentence at max volume. Today, she’s prepared for them to be
louder than usual; she can hardly blame them, given the nature of Izuku’s exciting news.
Both boys have been waiting for months for Izuku’s quirk to come in, eagerly playing heroes
in the meantime.
The second noise - a bang - has Inko stopping her business in the living room to listen more
attentively. Bangs and bumps are also common occurrences with young children and are
often nothing to worry about, but can also be the tell tale sign that something is broken or
someone is injured. Not necessarily a reason to go running, but certainly cause to sit up and
pay attention.
There is no discrete third noise. Barely a pause after the bang, there is cacophony, and Inko
wishes she had been more cautious and gone running sooner. There is screaming and crying
and something has obviously gone terribly wrong. Wasting no more time, Inko rushes to her
son’s room, hoping that no one is too badly hurt.
She expected, at worst, a nasty fall. Maybe some kind of cut or gash. Certainly not to find
Katsuki screaming on top of her son, the both of them crying, though Izuku far more
desperately.
Katsuki had one hand balled tight in the collar of Izuku’s t-shirt and the other drawn back as
if to deliver a blow. When Inko enters the room, his face pales and his grip goes slack, the
sudden release of tension causing Izuku to fall backwards to the ground. Katsuki’s yelling
cuts off, making the dull thud of Izuku’s skull hitting the ground seem that much louder. And
then there is only the sound of Izuku’s sobs as he tries to curl in on himself, prevented by
Katsuki’s weight on his stomach.
Inko has never been a violent person and she reminds herself of that now. She would never
hurt a child, much less Katsuki, who she held hours after birth and sees almost as a second
son, but with Izuku, her baby , crying on the floor, she has to swallow down a protective rage
the likes of which she’s never felt before.
In three steps, she crosses the distance between the door and the boys, grabbing Katsuki by
the still-raised arm, carefully double-checking to make sure her grip isn’t too tight as she

drags him away. She leaves him in the far corner of the room before returning to Izuku and
kneeling by his side.
His sobs have calmed, though he is still crying slightly, his eyes open but glassy and
unfocused. Inko calls his name, but he doesn’t respond beyond curling towards her. One of
his hands is discolored and Inko feels at it gently to make sure nothing is broken, thankful for
small mercies when it seems to just be badly bruised. There’s a small lump on the back of his
head and blood smeared over his chin from a bitten tongue, but he doesn’t otherwise seem
injured. At least physically, Inko, as a nurse, should be perfectly able to care for him. He
calms as she pets his hair and while he’s conscious and clearly recognizes that she’s there, at
least on some level, Inko’s concern grows with every second he is silent.
Only when she is sure Izuku is safe, does Inko seek out the other child in the room. Katsuki is
sitting in the corner where she left him. He is pressed as tightly to both walls as he can be,
glaring sullenly over his knees, which he has pulled up to his chest. It is likely the most
vulnerable Inko has ever seen him look, and he shoots constant glances between her and
Izuku, seemingly caught between a fear of consequences and the anger that led him to attack
Izuku to begin with.
“Katsuki,” she barks, voice trembling only slightly, sounding more like something that would
come out of Mitsuki’s mouth than her own. Katsuki visibly stiffens in response. “What
happened?”
He is quiet for so long, only glaring, that Inko begins to think he isn’t going to respond, until
- “He’s a thief.”
“Explain.”
“He stole it.”
“Stole what , Katsuki?” Inko’s tone is sharper than she intended, but she’s quickly losing
patience. She wants to give Katsuki the benefit of the doubt and believe that he is a child and
children make mistakes, sometimes very bad ones, but she is not going to play guessing
games with her son’s well-being.
“My quirk. He was supposed to show me his, but instead he took mine and now he can use it
and I can’t.”
Like the earth has fallen away, Inko’s stomach plummets and her head swims. It’s
preposterous, ridiculous, impossible . Quirks can’t be stolen - that would be like stealing
someone’s eye color, or their height. But Inko thinks of her own quirk, which she hadn’t been
able to use since the night before, and she thinks of the odd, off feeling she’s had since then,
and then, even though it’s impossible, she thinks dear God, he’s right .
Izuku’s head turns in her lap, and she looks down to see him staring across the room at
Katsuki, eyes still dull, but focused now.
“Izu, baby, are you okay?” she asks, voice soft. Tears build in her eyes as he turns back to
her, blinking for a moment.

“I’m sorry,” he finally says, words slightly slurred by the swelling of his tongue. Inko can’t
help the hurt noise she makes in response, smoothing his hair back as a few tears drip from
her eyes. She presses a kiss to his forehead.
“You have nothing to apologize for, sweetie,” she assures him, hoping he believes her. “You
didn’t do anything wrong.”
“He’s a thief,” Katsuki spits from his corner.
“Katsuki!” she shouts. “This is not the time or the way to handle that.”
“I want my quirk back!”
“And you will get it,” she says, hoping for all their sakes’ she can keep that promise. “But
first, we are going to go to the kitchen. I am going to get Izuku some ice and make sure he is
okay. We are going to have a conversation. Then we will work on your quirk. Do you
understand?”
Katsuki glares, but nods, and when Inko carefully picks Izuku up - monitoring his reactions
to make sure he’s not in too much pain - and carries him to the kitchen, Katsuki maintains his
distance, but follows behind without protest.

Across the table from Katsuki, Auntie is doting on the nerd, pressing ice against his head and
hand and shining a small flashlight in his eyes. Katsuki sneers. Neither of them are paying
attention to him, even though he’s the one who should be upset right now. His chest aches and
he keeps reaching out for a quirk that isn’t there , like going down the stairs in the dark and
forgetting that you still have one step left - thinking you're going to step onto solid ground
and instead plummeting . He feels sick, he feels angry.
Auntie tells Izuku to go lay down, and then she turns to Katsuki.
“Are you alright?” she asks him.
“My quirk is gone,” he bites back. Normally, he doesn’t yell at Auntie, because she’s so nice
and Katsuki doesn’t want to upset her, but that was a stupid question. Of course he’s not
alright. He doesn’t have his quirk, and Auntie knows that, but she’s just making him sit here
and wait instead of doing something about it.
“Are you injured?” she asks, voice level. Auntie is angry, too, even if she’s acting calm.
Katsuki has never actually seen her mad before, but the way she snapped at him earlier was
unmistakable. He wishes she would yell and get it over with.
“No.”
“Izuku is injured. You hurt him.”

“He shouldn’t have taken my quirk if he didn’t want to get hurt!”
“Katsuki!” Auntie snaps, the anger obvious again. “You can’t just attack people, you can’t go
around hurting people on purpose.”
“You’re not supposed to steal things, either, but he did anyway!”
Auntie narrows her eyes at him, the expression harsh and unfamiliar on her usually kind face.
She raps her hand against the edge of the table in front of Katsuki, where a small black stain
mars the wood.
“Where did that come from?” she asks him. He frowns.
“I did it.”
“Did I get mad at you?”
“No.”
“And why not?”
“Because it was my quirk! I didn’t mean to.”
“Exactly,” Auntie says with a nod, like Katsuki has proven some kind of point, though he has
no idea what it’s supposed to be. “I didn’t get mad because you didn’t mean to do it. You
haven’t had your quirk for very long and you don’t have perfect control over it, yet.
Accidents are normal.”
“So what?”
“Izuku had an accident. He didn’t mean to take your quirk. He didn’t even realize he did it.
But he only got his quirk yesterday and he doesn’t know how to control it yet. Do you
understand?”
Katsuki glares because he doesn’t. Maybe Izuku didn’t mean to, but the nerd took Katsuki’s
quirk. Izuku was the one who had done the bad thing, the one who needed to be yelled at, not
Katsuki.
“I want my quirk back,” is all he says.
“You’ll get it back,” Auntie sighs. “I’m sorry that this happened. I know it must be scary and
overwhelming. But even if Izuku took it, even if you want it back, you cannot hurt people
just because you’re scared or angry, Katsuki.”
Except he can, can’t he? Even without his quirk, Katsuki is strong - strong enough to hurt
people. He can protect himself and get what he wants. That’s what strength is for.
“I’m not scared. He took it from me,” Katsuki insists. “That’s what villains do. Heroes hurt
villains.”

“No, Katsuki,” Auntie says. “Heroes should never hurt people if they don’t have to. Heroes
save people. Villains hurt people. That’s what villains do.”
“Are you calling me a villain?!” Katsuki demands, nearly screaming. He knows he’s right,
she’s just saying he’s wrong because she’s angry he hurt Izuku, angry that Izuku was the
villain.
“No, Katsuki. But you have done a very bad thing.”
“I want my quirk back!”
“I know. We’ll let Izuku sleep a bit and then we’ll see what we can do, alright?”
Auntie sighs again, and leaves Katsuki sitting there, feeling like he’s boiling over. It isn’t fair.
He hasn’t done anything wrong, but here Auntie is, ignoring everything he says and sighing
at him, while Izuku, the villain , takes a nice little nap. Katsuki was going to be a hero. He
had an amazing quirk, but now he had nothing , and it was Izuku’s fault.
“Katsuki,” Auntie says, voice soft and trembling slightly. She sounds more like herself than
she has all day. “I know this has been hard for you, but it’s very important that you don’t tell
anyone about this. It could be dangerous if you do. I quirk like Izuku’s - a lot of people would
want to know about it.”
Katsuki scoffs. “As if I’d tell anyone. I don’t want anyone to think the nerd is stronger than
me just because he cheated .”
Auntie gives him a snack that Katsuki doesn’t eat, and she sits in the living room as if
nothing is wrong for a full hour before going to get Izuku. And then she spends another hour
talking softly to Izuku as the nerd fails to return Katsuki’s quirk - “I’m trying, I swear!” - and
snapping at Katsuki whenever he gets angry about it.
All in all, Katsuki’s quirk is gone for just under three hours. They were the most horrible
hours of his life.

Kacchan goes home early that day. He doesn’t turn around to say goodbye and he slams the
door behind him. Izuku doesn’t think he’ll come over again next weekend. Izuku doesn’t
blame him.
Izuku is tired. No, exhausted. He was tired after he took Kacchan’s quirk, but then they
fought, and then Izuku had to give it back, and returning the quirk was the most exhausting
thing Izuku has ever had to do. He didn’t even notice taking the quirk, really. It was easy to
just pull it in, but pushing it back out felt unnatural. It was like how his mom’s quirk could
only attract objects, not repel them.

His mom’s quirk. Izuku hasn’t thought about it until now, but he guesses this means he didn’t
inherit his mom’s quirk, afterall. He just stole it. He stole his own mother’s quirk.
He turns towards her, tears already building in his eyes. “Mama, your quirk. I took it, just like
I took Kacchan’s. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to. I can give it back!”
She wraps her arms around him and he can feel her crying against his hair. “No sweetie, not
tonight. You’re so tired. It can wait, okay? I’ll be fine without my quirk for another day or
two, just keep it safe for me, alright?”
“I didn’t mean to,” he repeats.
“I know, I know.”
She carries him into his bedroom and changes him into his PJs, even though it’s still fairly
early. Half under the bed, Izuku’s favorite All Might action figure strikes it’s signature pose,
and seeing it brings a fresh wave of tears to Izuku’s eyes. He picks it up, remembering the
day before when it was his personal symbol of victory.
“Can I still be a hero?” he asks his mother, holding out the toy. She takes it with shaking
hands, stares at it for a moment, then falls to her knees beside Izuku and throws her arms
around him.
“Oh, baby, I’m so sorry,” she sobs into his shoulder. His own tears are silent.
It’s just like Kacchan said. Stealing was what villains did. If he stole, he would be a villain,
and if he didn’t, he practically wouldn’t have a quirk, and how was he meant to be a hero,
then?
Three months from his fifth birthday, Izuku Midoriya lays in his bed and vows to never
practice using the quirk he has just received.

Chapter End Notes

Content warnings:
Some violence. It's Bakugo, he be like that. Fairly mild, I think.
Mild injuries.
Vague description of dissociation.
Izuku, before getting his quirk: I'm going to practice everyday!
Izuku, after getting his quirk: Never again.
Me: I want to write a short, sweet oneshot about afo izuku getting adopted by aizawa
My outline: 10k words
Me: This is not what we discussed.

Next chapter: Sludge Body
Complete, update: 10/29

Chapter 2: Sludge Body
Chapter Notes

CW in end notes!
Thanks everyone for the support on the first chapter! All I can offer in return is my
hottest of damns. I’ll admit, I have some imposter syndrome when it comes to writing,
so I hope this lives up to everyone’s expectations. I’m not the most creative when it
comes to plots, but I’m doing my best and having a good time. I hope you all enjoy!
Just so you know, this fic has a complete (and fairly detailed outline). It should be
around 17 chapters, though that number may vary slightly.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Somewhere in Japan, there is a massive battle, a war between peace and evil that has been
building for generations, though no one is aware of it, save a privileged and burdened few.
Two men leave the battlefield on the brink of death, and the both of them, faced with the
heavy knowledge that no one is truly immortal, begin considering their legacies.
The first man, confined to a hospital bed, missing several organs, contemplates the word
“successor.” The second, staring into blackness that is all he can see now, hooked to countless
machines in an undisclosed but secure location, considers the word “son.”
“Kurogiri,” he calls, voice raspy and barely audible over the hiss and whine of the machinery
around him, “bring me a phone.”

A week after Izuku’s quirk manifests, Inko calls Hisashi to tell him that their son is quirkless.
It is the most important lie she has ever told, but it burns like a betrayal as it comes out of her
mouth.
The betrayal, to clarify, has nothing to do with Hisashi. Inko holds no ill will to the man, but
likewise doesn’t believe him to be particularly entitled to any truth about Izuku.
Inko and Hisashi never married and he left to work overseas shortly before Izuku was born.
Their parting was amicable and Hisashi stayed in contact, checking in once every month or
two and providing for his erstwhile lover and son quite generously in the meantime.

But Izuku was Inko’s son far more than he was Hisashi’s and any choice about Izuku’s safety
and wellbeing was hers to make, even to the complete exclusion of his father.
No, Inko doesn't hesitate before lying to Hisashi; her only compunction is with lying about
Izuku.
Already, Izuku has internalized that his quirk is bad and concealing it this way feels like tacit
agreement. She tells him that there’s nothing wrong with him every single day, but she can't
expect him to believe that when she tells him in the same breath that no one can ever know
about his quirk as she gives him forged paperwork to hand in to his teachers.
Telling Hisashi that Izuku is quirkless, Inko fully expects him to disappear from their lives all
together, and she isn’t entirely wrong. Hisashi's limited presence in their lives noticeably
declines, but to his credit, he does not abandon them entirely. He still calls on Izuku’s
birthday and major holidays and he never stops sending them money, even increasing the
amount as Izuku gets bigger and more financially demanding. Still, he is far from winning
any father of the year awards.
Reasonably, Inko is surprised when he calls on a random Tuesday when Izuku is nine years
old, claiming he has wasted too much time and would like to get to know his son. But so long
as Izuku wants to speak to him, Inko sees no reason to deny them contact, and Izuku is
undeniably thrilled by the idea of having another positive adult figure in his life.
Before she passes Izuku the phone, she mutes the speaker and says, “Remember -”
“I’m quirkless,” Izuku finishes for her with a bright smile that contrasts painfully with the
tiredness in his eyes. “I know the drill.”
She passes the phone over, brushing a hand over his hair as Izuku chirps his hello to his
father and trails past her towards his room.
She stares at his door for a long moment after it closes, feeling distinctly like she has failed as
a mother.

Katsuki watches Izuku carefully. For almost a month after the Incident, Katsuki ignores him,
pretending he doesn’t even exist, but then it occurs to Katsuki that no one else knows about
the quirk . A week after what he did to Katsuki he came in with some paperwork and a story
about how the doctor told him he was quirkless. It was bullshit, but it served its purpose
because now no one is looking at the nerd, because no one cares about the weak, quirkless
brat. But that means no one is watching him.
Someone needs to watch him, obviously. He needs to be kept in line, to make sure he doesn't
forget his place - to make sure he doesn't get any big ideas. So Katsuki watches him, because
no one else will, because no one else knows what Katsuki knows.

The extras in their class are too careless. Most of them avoid the nerd and some of them tease
him, but some of them are still nice to him, talking to him or letting him hang around them,
which can’t be allowed to continue. They have no idea what they’re dealing with, and if they
get too close Izuku will take their quirks and then who knows what he’ll do.
“Why are you talking to him?” Katsuki snaps at one of the nicest girls in their class, the fool
who never wants anyone to be alone or left out. “He’s just a worthless Deku.”
The girl looks affronted and Izuku looks mortified, eyes wide and wet, but the majority of the
class is giggling and parroting the name back and forth, so Katsuki knows it has worked.
He’ll make sure that Izuku is Deku, and then Deku will remember that he is useless and
worthless and he won’t get any ideas about using that awful quirk of his.
Later, Deku corners him on their walk home, running after Katsuki with disgusting
determination.
“Why would you call me that, Kacchan?” he asks. Something cracks in Katsuki’s chest and
the sharp edges of it dig into his lungs.
“Don’t call me that!” he snaps. His chest and throat are too tight, he can’t stand to look at
Deku, and he struggles to breathe through the feeling that’s choking him. He fights the urge
to turn and run away. Deku should be running, not Katsuki; Katsuki never runs from
anything.
“You should thank me, you know,” Katsuki says, plastering a sneer on his face. “If people are
calling you useless, they’re not calling you a villain.”
Katsuki doesn’t need to say even though they should be. The words ring in the silence, an
unspoken truth. The look on Deku’s face makes it obvious that he hears them, too.
Good, Katsuki thinks savagely. Deku knows what he is.
When Katsuki turns, Deku stays there, frozen. He makes no attempt to follow, and Katsuki
walks just slow enough that he cannot be accused of running away. If, when he is safe in his
room, he chokes down sobs that are violent enough to make him ill, no one will ever know.

To say that Izuku doesn’t use his quirk at all after the age of four would be an exaggeration,
but only a slight one. He uses it on his mother, periodically, at her instance. Much to his
chagrin, a degree of practice is necessary to gain control, but the idea of accidentally stealing
quirks as he goes about his day is far worse than the idea of intentionally taking and returning
his mother’s to get a feel for how it works, even if it feels a bit like picking poisons.
He learns a few things about his quirk, all of it unavoidable, and he files the information in a
mental catalogue that he prays never grows. He can take quirks from a distance, though the

range is unknown. He can only return them with physical contact. It is far easier to take a
quirk than to return one. Unless someone tries to use their quirk, they generally don’t realize
it’s missing - his mother has described an “odd, but vague and non-urgent” feeling associated
with missing her quirk. He can sense quirks around him, range still unknown, and has a
certain intuition of their nature.
Guiltily, Izuku is rather thrilled by the last aspect. Quirks have always fascinated him.
Possibly, this interest is a secondary effect of his own quirk, a natural fascination with what
he is meant to steal and hoard, but the idea makes Izuku feel slightly nauseous, so he
comforts himself with the fact that his love of quirks long precedes the manifestation of his
own.
Regardless, there’s no denying the use of Izuku’s quirk for his analysis hobby. Just from
looking at his mother, he can tell you that her quirk is a type of weak, limited telekinesis
centered on her own person. The information his quirk gives him isn’t exhaustive, merely an
impression of how a quirk functions that Izuku needs to interpret himself, leaving plenty of
questions unanswered and applications unaddressed. He fills notebooks with his speculation,
eagerly scratching out theories about the quirks of his classmate, his teachers, and even
random people he passes on the street.
If he is lucky, he can get close enough to an active battle to read the quirks of both the heroes
and the villains there. He does this more often than he probably should, skirting close to
police lines and staring in awe at such amazing quirks in action. His mother would worry
herself sick if she knew just how often Izuku wanders around after school searching for
danger; she already worries, just having him out of her sight.
And he has to be very careful, because whenever he reaches out, there is a risk, no matter
how small - and a temptation, no matter how deeply buried - that he will steal the quirk he is
analyzing.
Izuku is very aware of the thin line he is walking. Seeing Katsuki everyday makes sure he
never forgets, the reality of his situation always fresh in his mind.
Quirks are not deterministic. Having a certain quirk does not automatically make someone a
hero or a villain or anything else. People choose what they are by the way they use their
quirks.
Izuku has to believe this, because so long as it’s true, he has the power to be something other
than a villain. But that means never - never - using his quirk. Because as much as Izuku
believes that having a quirk like his doesn’t make him a villain by default, using it would .
Villains use their quirks to hurt people.
And hurting people is all Izuku’s quirk can do.

Hisashi Shigaraki calls his son at least once every other week or so. When he contacted Inko
last year seeking to establish a line of communication, he had intended to speak to Izuku
more frequently, to maximize his influence and firmly establish his presence in the boy’s life.
The regularity of his calls quickly decreased, though, when he realized just how trying it was
to make routine conversation with a ten year-old boy.
Today, as Izuku babbles into his ear about one hero or another, Hisashi is reminded of why he
so quickly relegated Tomura’s care to Kurogiri. To his credit, Izuku is quite interesting for a
young boy, and Hisashi is not indifferent to the fact that this boy is his son , his own flesh and
blood, and is special and deserving of Hisashi’s attention because of that. Hisashi does not
regret reaching out to the boy, but he still sometimes dreads making these phone calls
because of the way Izuku can talk and talk and talk .
“Sometimes I wish I had a quirk,” Izuku confides in him, voice soft and uncertain.
At this, Hisashi gives the conversation his whole attention. If his son wants a quirk, Hisashi
could certainly provide. Perhaps that would be a good way to bring Izuku into the fold, to
begin molding him and helping him to reach his full potential.
Then Izuku adds, “A good one,” and Hisashi experiences a rare moment of surprise as he
considers the implications.
It is an unusual specification for a quirkless child to make, especially one like Izuku, who
once rambled eagerly for nearly an hour about a quirk he had seen that could make any object
the user touched a slightly different color. It seems that the boy has almost an equal amount
of enthusiasm for any quirk he encounters, from the most mundane to those of pro heroes.
“You are perfect the way you are,” Hisashi assures him idly, because that is what a parent
should say, even if it’s not true.
The conversation comes to a close, but Izuku’s remark lingers in Hisashi’s mind long after,
always on the edge of his thoughts. What is a good quirk and what is a bad quirk, and what
do both of those things look like through the eyes of a quirk-obsessed but supposedlyquirkless boy?
Hisashi smiles to himself, thankful, not for the first time, that he decided that his son was
worth investing time into after all. This mystery holds Hisashi’s attention for days and he
turns it over and over in his head, inspecting it from all angles like a shiny new toy he can't
bear to put down.

Izuku is aware that he shouldn’t walk home through back alleys or under bridges. He could
be attacked, his mother always tells him, quoting statistics about dangerous parts of the city
and bad things that can happen to children who wander off alone. Of course, there were some

days when he was in just as much danger - if not more - walking along the standard route,
because Katsuki and his friends took the same track home.
Experience has taught Izuku that he wouldn’t be safe walking home the normal way today,
because today the class was talking about what they wanted to do when they grow up and
Izuku had told everyone that he wanted to be a hero. Katsuki, never far from anger where
Izuku is concerned, always reaches a special, incandescent level of rage when Izuku mentions
his dreams.
You are the thing that people need saving from , Katsuki’s voice says in Izuku’s head.
If you want to defeat a villain, start with yourself. Do us all a favor.
So Izuku takes his longer, back route - the one his mother would say is dangerous, but that
Izuku has never actually gotten hurt on. Ironically, he calls this his "safe path," though he
would never say as much to his mom. He can perfectly imagine the guilt that would fill her
eyes in response, and he has no desire to see it for real.
He is passing under a familiar bridge - grimy and graffitied, but peaceful - when he finally
sees the statistics his mother is always fretting about in action. It happens exactly as Izuku is
walking through, not a second sooner or later, in a horrifying mockery of serendipity. The
manhole cover that Izuku trods over at least once a week rattles in its grate, and a thick,
viscous fluid seeps up around its edges.
As soon as he sees it, Izuku knows that it’s a quirk, that he’s staring at a person, even if they
aren’t particularly person-shaped. The sludge forms together quickly, a stinking mass that
barely bothers to be anthropomorphic. Bulging eyes and wide, square teeth are the only
standard human features this person has maintained.
Dread rolls through Izuku’s stomach, but, he reasons to himself, nothing has happened yet.
This sludge person’s quirk is intimidating, sure, but that doesn’t mean anything. They could
just be another citizen going about their day, their path happening to cross Izuku’s like so
many others that Izuku doesn’t even take notice of. This dread is judgemental of him, not to
mention hypocritical, he tells himself, even as he begins to tremble.
Then their eyes meet. The sludge person grins. In the absence of lips, it's their teeth that
move, shifting through their liquid body to form an arch that feels like a parody of a smile.
A paralyzing realization hits Izuku. It's something he had known in theory, but had never
integrated into his reality, and now the two are crashing together like opposing waves,
catching Izuku in the cross tide. Not every person with a "villainous" quirk is a villain, but
some of them are. One of them is standing in front of him. Izuku is not going to be allowed to
simply walk out of this alleyway.
Izuku doesn’t have time to think - even if he did, he likely wouldn’t be able to, his mind stuck
spinning in terrified circles. He only moves. He throws his bag, slinging it one-handed over
his shoulder as he pivots on his heels to run back the way he came. He aims for the villain’s
eyes, but it is mostly by luck that one of his school books flies free and hits his target. Izuku
doesn't see the impact, already scrambling to get back to a main road, where the presence of

witnesses promises some kind of safety, either because the villain will give up pursuit or
because a hero will intervene. The villain bellows in pain, the sound deep and wet and
furious.
Izuku makes it four steps, each one jolting up his shins and rattling the bones of his legs,
jarring in a way Izuku has never associated with running. His fifth step doesn’t connect.
Tendrils of murky green liquid wrap around Izuku’s waist, anchoring him in place and
growing thicker as more of the villain’s mass flows towards him. Then, when the hold on him
is strong enough, Izuku himself is dragged backwards, the soles of his shoes scrambling
uselessly against the asphalt as he sinks deeper into the shadow of the bridge. The villain says
something, but their words are lost to the pounding of blood in Izuku’s ears as the sludge
envelops him.
Izuku cannot hear or see or breathe or think. In only seconds, the sludge invades his mouth,
coating his teeth and tongue, racing down his throat and into his lungs.
It smells like sewage.
It tastes like death.
Izuku is going to die.
You either die a hero or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
Izuku thinks about that saying a lot. Sometimes he stays up at night, wondering how long he
would have to live before becoming a villain like Katsuki always says. He wonders what it
would take for someone like him to die a hero.
He has never thought about the way that some people just die. They die boring, civilian
deaths. Or they die like he is about to - pathetically and futilely, too good to be a villain, but
too weak to be anything else.
Some people die worthless, useless deaths. He will die proving Katsuki right about at least
one thing.
His hands claw ineffectually at slime that slips through his fingers. He kicks his legs weakly,
but he can no longer find the ground. He twists and turns, but nothing changes. In the last
moments, fading fast, no longer able to tell which way is up, Izuku finds something solid and
he grips it.
Panicked and desperate, Izuku grasps at the villain’s quirk and it comes away so easily when
Izuku pulls that he doesn’t immediately realize what it is he’s grabbed. It’s only when the
quirk comes to him that Izuku realizes what is happening, because this time the quirk does
not settle inside him in the same effortless and unnoticeable way as the few others Izuku has
taken.
The sludge villain’s quirk doesn’t fit inside Izuku. This quirk is made for a flexible,
amorphous blob and Izuku is rigidly boy-shaped. It is a square peg and Izuku is a round hole.

He takes it with no issue, but he cannot have it the way he always has before. He holds it in
metaphysical hands and feels it dripping through his fingers, suspended in some nowhere, inbetween space.
The villain writhes around him, the sludge that comprises their entire body briefly growing
thick and clumpy, like curdled milk, before rapidly thinning out. Izuku falls through it,
landing on damp, sticky pavement. His legs can’t support him and he collapses to his knees,
then his hands, then his elbows. He doesn’t feel the impacts.
Sludge - if it can still be called that now that it's barely thicker than water - pours down
around him, flowing from his hair and off every edge of his body. He coughs and gags as he
vomits the stuff out, lungs and stomach urgently evacuating their contents. Toxic slime mixes
with bile and acid and it runs down his chin and out his nose, burning and itching on his skin.
He gasps for breath whenever he can, vision still spotty from oxygen deprivation.
Izuku doesn’t understand what has happened, doesn’t understand why the villain has
seemingly fled, and his body is unable to trust that he’s safe. Several small, solid somethings
bounce off of his head and back, clattering loudly across the ground. Adrenaline still running
high, Izuku’s attention snaps to the noise even while he’s struggling to stay conscious.
His eyes find those of the sludge villain, laying disconnected on the ground nearly a foot
apart, staring unseeing in entirely different directions. The noise was likely from the teeth,
scattered about like haphazard, macabre confetti.
Izuku still holds the sludge quirk in his hand and he lets it go now, hoping that everything
will come right back together like nothing happened, even if that means the villain will attack
again and actually kill Izuku this time. He hopes and he watches, but the eyes he’s staring at
stay dead even as the quirk is freed, slipping away from Izuku’s fingers to some place where
he can’t feel it anymore.
He vomits again.
Collapsing to the side, Izuku stares at the light beyond the bridge. With evening approaching,
the world is starting to take on a slightly orange tint and the shadows that Izuku is laying in
are starting to slant and grow darker. He remembers the panicked things he thought when he
was sure that he was going to be the one to die, here.
He asked himself a question: how long would he have to live before he became the villain?
He answers it now: ten years, apparently.

Inko gets home later than she would like, but thankfully not so late that she can’t throw
something frozen into the oven for dinner. Shifts at the hospital can be long and
unpredictable, but she always does her best to be home so she and Izuku can eat together,

working hard to make their home as safe and stable as she can for her son. The money from
Hisashi is a huge help with that, allowing Inko to work far less than she would otherwise
have to as a single mother.
Izuku’s shoes are not by the door, but his bag is dropped haphazardly not too far from the
entrance. The shower is running. Inko doesn’t think Izuku has ever been in the shower when
she’s come home. A disquieted feeling settles over her like a shroud, anxiety twisting in her
stomach, but only when she looks down the hall and sees the bathroom door open does she
panic. She races into the bathroom, sparring no worry for privacy or modesty, all her thoughts
occupied by the certainty that something is wrong with her child.
She finds him sitting fully clothed in the shower. The curtain is left open and puddles have
formed on the tile around the tub. Water plasters his hair to his face and his uniform to his
skin. His skin is pale; his eyes are closed. Inko’s heart drops like a stone into her stomach.
He is not dead, she tells herself. He was fine this morning and he will be fine again. They will
both be fine.
Recently, Izuku has gotten too big for Inko to pick up comfortably, but that doesn’t stop her
from lifting him now. Even sopping wet, Inko pulls him into her arms, hauling him over the
lip of the tub and into her lap without even registering his weight. He is cold, limp, and
unresponsive as she cradles him.
Fumbling, numb hands move to Izuku’s neck and Inko is shaking so badly she fears she
won’t be able to find his pulse, but it’s there - strong and unmistakable beneath her fingers.
She curls around him and his breath stirs her hair. He’s alive. As long as he’s alive everything
will be okay.
Mustering up all her will, Inko seals up the part of herself that wants to break down crying
and gets to work. There will be time for tears later, when she can allow herself to be a mother.
Now, she needs to be a nurse.
First, to get him warm. She strips Izuku of his clothes, carefully moving his limbs around and
checking for any injuries as she goes. His palms, elbows, and knees all have abrasions. It is
obvious that he fell, since the scrapes are paired with bruises and small amounts of grit
remain in the wounds. They are worse on his hands, likely because the other areas were
somewhat protected by his uniform, but overall, the damage is fairly superficial. His right
wrist is slightly swollen, and Inko prods at it gently, hoping it is merely sprained, rather than
fractured or broken. As far as Inko can tell, Izuku is otherwise unharmed, at least physically.
Wet fabric slaps against wet flooring as she tosses his uniform aside. She leaves him in the
bathroom for a painful moment, raiding cabinets for every towel and blanket and leaving the
blankets in Izuku’s room and then returning to him with the towels. The shower is still going
and she turns it off, ears ringing in the sudden silence, before carefully beginning to soak the
majority of excess water from Izuku’s skin and hair.
When he is no longer dripping, Inko swaddles him in one of the dry towels, wrapping one
around his head for his hair, and lifts him to carry him to his room. Once again, she leaves
him, no easier now than it was minutes ago, this time to retrieve the first aid kit from the

bathroom cabinet. Methodically, she cleans debris from his scrapes, cleans them with alcohol,
smears an antibiotic cream over the raw flesh, and bandages them up. She splints his wrist,
fairly certain it’s only sprained. The towel around Izuku’s head has gotten damp, so Inko
replaces it with a fresh one before covering him with blankets.
Already, Izuku’s skin has regained some of its warmth and color, though that’s small comfort
when he’s still unconscious. All Inko can do now is monitor him and wait, growing more
nervous with each moment he doesn’t wake. His injuries seem mild, leading Inko to believe
that it’s just shock or exhaustion keeping him asleep, but the fear that he’s sustained some
unseen damage haunts her. She will wait half an hour, she tells herself, and then they are
going to the hospital.
While she waits, Inko lets herself cry.
Izuku’s eyes flutter open exactly seventeen minutes later. His stare is hazy, perhaps a bit
dazed, but he doesn’t seem to have any trouble focusing on Inko, which she takes as a good
sign. Tears build in his eyes almost instantly as Inko struggles to stop her own and compose
herself.
“Mama,” he says, voice so gravely and raw that Inko’s throat aches in sympathy, “I’m
sorry.”
Any progress Inko has made at holding back her tears is obliterated. “Baby, why are you
apologizing? Don’t apologize. It’s okay, everything is okay, now.”
He shakes his head, something wild rising in his eyes as he struggles to sit up, wincing in
pain as he braces his hands on the bed. Inko reaches to the table where she has already
prepared a glass of water and some painkillers, passing them to Izuku who swallows them
desperately. He chugs all the water and Inko considers offering him more, but is too reluctant
to leave him just yet.
“I did a bad thing,” he tells her, staring blankly at the empty glass in his hands.
“What happened?” she asks softly.
“I hurt someone. Real bad. With my quirk.”
If Izuku’s quirk is involved, this is worse than Inko imagined.
Unlike most people, including Izuku himself, Inko does not fear her son’s quirk. She
probably would, if it belonged to anyone other than Izuku, but she knows her baby boy, and
she knows that all he has ever wanted is to help people. But the rest of the world wouldn’t
know that. They wouldn’t understand that, even if Izuku’s quirk had so many horrifying and
immediately obvious applications, he would never use it that way. People would be afraid of
him and they would want to hurt him, lock him up. Or worse, use him.
Inko can’t allow it to happen. It’s why she’s broken so many laws over the years to pretend
that Izuku is quirkless. It’s why she tolerated the pain in his eyes, why she grit her teeth and
watched as his bubbling optimism slowly became more and more reserved, even though it

killed her inside. She wants Izuku to be able to be proud of who he is. She wants him to be
able to live his life freely and happily. But most of all she wants him to be safe.
“Izuku,” she says, tone serious but still as gentle as she can make it. “I need you to tell me
what happened. It’s going to be okay. I’ll fix it for you, I promise.”
“You can’t,” he sobs. “You can’t fix it. They’re dead.”
Inko schools herself not to react, keeping the shock and fear off her face. That certainly
makes things more complicated. But she meant what she said. She will do anything she can
to keep Izuku safe. Inko won’t let anything as trivial as a dead body or Izuku’s quirk being
revealed stop her from protecting her baby.
They could always leave Japan. Inko is sure that if she asks, Hisashi can get them plane
tickets to America. He probably wouldn’t even ask many questions; he has always been a
discrete type of man.
She takes Izuku’s hands between her own and forces him to meet her eyes.
“Tell me everything .”
He does and as he gets more and more distressed through the course of his tale, Inko
oscillates between horrified, enraged, and relieved. Horrified that Izuku has had to experience
this, enraged that anyone dared to touch him, and relieved that the situation is not half so dire
as she assumed.
“I’m a villain,” he tells her, broken-hearted and sincere.
“You’re not.”
“I am. I used my quirk to hurt someone. Only villains do that.”
“You did it to save yourself. That’s what heroes do. You’re a hero.”
“I’m not.”
“You are ,” Inko insists, meaning it with every fiber of her being. “You are my hero . I don’t
know what I would have done if I had lost you, Izuku. You survived and you came home to
me. That’s the best thing you could have done.”
Whatever response he has - certainly an argument to the contrary - is lost to his sobs. He curls
up in Inko’s lap and lets her rock him, humming soothing sounds and reassuring him over
and over that he has done nothing wrong. He falls asleep in her arms, to her narrative of love
and support, and she hopes it will seep into his dreams.
Inko doesn’t leave him for a long time that night. She holds Izuku like he is still a toddler and
tries to figure out what this means for them.
Her first concern, for the moment, has to be Izuku’s health. While he escaped the assault
miraculously uninjured, the sludge he described could have had any number of pathogens

inside it. Taking Izuku to the hospital would draw too much attention to the already delicate
situation, so for the moment she’ll have to monitor him for any signs of infection or illness.
Hopefully she’ll be able to pull a sample of the sludge from Izuku’s bag. She has a friend at
the hospital who would be willing to run tests on it on the downlow, and that’ll give her a
better idea of whether there are any urgent issues.
Thankfully, she is reasonably sure that Japan won’t immediately become unsafe for them.
Izuku is young and the person who attacked him was doubtlessly a villain. It’s entirely
possible that the death won’t even be noticed. Even if it is, it would need to be traced back to
Izuku, and then there was still only a small chance that anyone would try to prosecute him, a
child who had a quirk accident while defending himself against a villain.
But there is the issue of Izuku’s quirk. He used it outside the house, where any number of
people or cameras could have seen. Maybe it isn’t unreasonable to assume that no one is
aware of what happened, but that assumption is dangerous , and Inko’s concern, first and
foremost, is with Izuku’s safety.
It would be best to leave, Inko decides. Just in case. It might not be necessary, but it’s not as
if they will be leaving that much behind. There are more reasons to leave than to stay.
For the first time she can remember, Inko calls Hisashi instead of the other way around. He
doesn’t answer and Inko tries not to get impatient as she waits for a response. She calls again
after an hour. Then again the hour after that.
Finally, Hisashi calls her back.
“Is everything alright?” he asks in place of a greeting. “It’s late there, isn’t it?”
“Yes. Would you be willing to buy plane tickets for me and Izuku?” There is a pause.
Hisashi’s response, when it comes, is decidedly neutral.
“Plane tickets?”
“To America.”
“You want to come to the states.”
“I think a change of scenery would be good for Izuku,” she says honestly. “You know that
school isn’t kind to him and it’s only getting worse as he gets older. America has a larger
population of quirkless people and I’ve read that they’re better treated because of it.”
Hisashi is quiet for another long moment.
“Besides,” Inko adds, “wouldn’t you like to meet your son?”
“Of course,” Hisashi finally answers, “I’ll make the arrangements.”
Tension that has been spooling in Inko’s gut releases so quickly it leaves her slightly dizzy.
She grips the arm of her chair tightly enough that all the blood leaves her knuckles.

“Is next week too early for you?” Hisashi asks. “I can book something later if you need more
time to prepare.”
“No. Next week is perfect.”
Inko hangs her head back and closes her eyes, relief pulsing over her as Hisashi talks about
the details of the arrangement. Moving will be an adjustment, but it’s worth it to keep Izuku
safe, and she truly does believe that a new start could be good for him.
Inko bids her goodbyes, but Hisashi interrupts her before she can hang up.
“I’m glad you called,” is the last thing he says to her. "I’ve been wanting to see Izuku in
person for a while now.”

Chapter End Notes

CW
Character death: sludge villain (described)
Violence, vomiting, panic attacks, dissociation
Mild injuries
At one point Izuku is pretty convinced he's about to die and at another, Inko is pretty
convinced he IS dead
Izuku: *uses quirk on sludge villain in self-defense*
Sludge Villain: *straight up dies*
Izuku: NEVER. AGAIN.
Next chapter: All for One
Complete, upload: 11/5
I'll do my best to get it out by then, but it's already about 3k with only 2.5/11 scenes
done. I might shift a scene or two back, but I think it's destined to be a long one. If
anything changes, I'll update this note to reflect that
(edit 10/31: 5 scenes done, between 4 and 6 more to go, chapter is already 6.5k)

Chapter 3: All for One - Part I
Chapter Notes

CW! End notes!!!
Part I? Part I. This chapter got too long, so I split it. Part II will be up on TUESDAY, as
a kind of bonus update. This is the last chapter of backstory, so I didn't want to delay
getting to the main plot if I didn't have to. If I have to split chapters in the future, I'll
probably post the parts on the normal schedule, an entire week apart, because hot
DAMN was this a lot to keep up with in a single week.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Three days after the incident with the sludge villain, Izuku is called to the principal's office
where the police are waiting for him. His stomach sinks, but he doesn’t panic. He doesn’t
even cry. He is scared because he doesn’t know exactly what is going to happen to him now,
and he is sad because all of his mother’s hard work to make a life for them in America is
going to waste, but mostly, he is resigned and accepting.
This is nothing less than what he deserves, he tells himself, and if his inner voice sounds like
Katsuki, that's just because Katuski was right all along. Izuku is a villain now, and villains go
to jail. He just hopes his mother won’t get into any trouble.
“Izuku,” someone says. He recognizes the voice, but he’s so surprised to hear it here that it
takes him a moment to place it.
He blinks and turns his head, noticing for the first time that his Aunt Mitsuki is sitting in one
of the chairs in front of the principal’s unoccupied desk.
Why is Auntie here? Is it because of Katsuki? Did Katsuki finally tell her that Izuku is a
villain? Is she the one who turned him in?
She doesn’t look mad, though, which is what Izuku would expect from someone looking at a
villain. Izuku isn’t sure how she looks. He’s never seen her face like it is right now, as she
reaches a hand out to him. Reflexively, he takes it, and she pulls him towards her until he is
close enough to hug, tucking his head under her chin. It’s odd; Auntie has never been a
hugger, preferring to show her affection by ruffling hair or bumping shoulders.
“What’s going on?” he asks, words sounding distant to his own ears.
“Midoriya-kun,” one of the officers says, speaking far more gently than Izuku deserves,
considering what he has done. “This is about your mother.”

His mother? Panic spikes in Izuku’s chest. He has accepted that he needs to be punished for
what he did, but his mom has nothing to do with that. Are the police blaming her, instead?
Izuku has no doubt she would let them if it meant keeping Izuku safe. Maybe that’s why
Auntie is here - because his mom has been arrested for Izuku’s crimes and now he’s going to
have to stay with the Bakugos.
“What about my mom?” he asks in a rush. “Where is she? Can I see her?”
“No, Izu-kun,” Aunt Mitsuki says into his hair, voice strangely muffled.
“I’m sorry, but you’re mother has been in an accident -”
Izuku’s world narrows, his vision tunneling, sights and sounds growing more and more
distant. His mother has been in an accident, he thinks to himself.
His mother has been in an accident .
He can feel hands on his face, grounding him, holding him down so he can’t float away.
Auntie’s palms are soft and familiar, but her red eyes are filled with tears and Izuku has never
seen her cry before. Oddly, Izuku doesn’t think he’s crying, because he can still see, even if
everything around him looks slightly off, like he’s in a dream. Maybe he’s dreaming. Maybe
that’s why his His mother has been in an accident .
The officers are saying something, their mouths moving in turns, but Izuku can’t hear them or he isn’t listening, but what difference does that make.
His eyes slide over to the dying plant in the corner. The edges of its leaves are yellow and
brittle, crumbling and cracking under the slightest pressure. Izuku pities it. As long as he has
known about it, the plant has been dying. It never just dies ; it has been dying for years and
that sounds terrible.
Izuku’s fingers tingle, even though the sensation feels far away. He wonders if they would
crumble and crack if he bent them, like perpetually dying foliage.
The officers nod, say one last thing, and then leave. Auntie kisses Izuku’s forehead, hugs him
tight for a moment, and then stands. She holds his hand and leads him out of the room,
towards the school entrance. Izuku stares at his fingers, folded around hers. They are still
attached, even though he feels so brittle, like he should break, not bend.
“Are we going to the hospital?” Izuku asks as Auntie buckles him into the back seat of her
car, because his mother has been in an accident so she must be in the hospital now. Auntie
stares at him like he is some foreign creature. Or maybe like he is a dying plant.
“No, we’re not,” she says.
She drives them home, instead. To the Bakugo’s home, that is. The journey blurs around
Izuku and he loses track of where he is and what's happening until suddenly they're there, the

car already off, Izuku’s seat belt already undone, and Auntie already tugging him out of his
seat with uncharacteristically gentle hands.
Izuku’s apartment is just down the street. He can walk there from here - he did all the time
when he was small and Katsuki was still his friend. He turns that way now, but Aunt Mitsuki
grabs him by the hand and leads him into the house.
“When do I get to see my mom?”
“Izuku. She’s gone.”
Gone where, he wonders. She wouldn’t leave for America without him. He is the whole
reason they have to leave in the first place.
“She’s dead.”
His mother has been in an accident .
Izuku is familiar with death in a way that most children, even most adults, are not. He has
faced death, he has felt it all around him. His mother has been in an accident the same way
the sludge villain was in an accident when they met Izuku.
He hears his mother’s voice in his ears, an echo from just days ago that feels so far away now
that he’ll never hear it again.
I don’t know what I would have done if I had lost you, Izuku .
What is he meant to do, now that he has lost her?

When Katsuki gets home, his old hag meets him at the door. Deku had been pulled out of
class halfway through the day and never returned, leaving Katsuki in a good mood that
teeters precariously as his mother sticks an arm out and blocks his path towards his room.
Her eyes are swollen, he realizes, and her usually perfect complexion is red and blotchy.
“What’s wrong with you?” he barks. He shoves her arm out of his way, but she raises it again
in an instant.
“Katsuki,” the old hag says, level and grave, “Inko died this afternoon.”
Katsuki freezes. He has barely seen Inko Midoriya since he was four years old. He hasn’t
wanted to, never forgetting the way she treated him the day of Izuku’s violation, acting as if
Katsuki was the fucking problem. But despite the stain of that memory, Katsuki often
remembers how kind Auntie Inko was to him. Even when Katsuki was being a little piece of
shit, she never raised her voice with him. Except for that one day, she always gave him the
benefit of the doubt, treating him with a care he never experienced anywhere else. Often,

enviously, he had wished that Auntie Inko was his mother, and Izuku could have the old hag,
who was always so much nicer to him, anyway.
“What happened?” he asks, sounding small and lost in a way that makes him growl under his
breath a second later.
“There was a villain attack at the hospital and she got caught up in it.”
“The villain?”
“Died while the heroes were attempting to subdue him.”
“Good,” Katsuki spits. For once his mother does not yell at him about his too-casual attitude
towards death and violence.
“Izuku is in the guest room,” she says instead.
The loss and yearning that rose inside Katsuki at the news of Auntie’s death drain away,
leaving familiar, hollow anger in their wake. His mother must be able to read it on his face
because she scowls at him.
“He’s only here for the night,” she tells him, like that makes it fucking okay. “His father
booked the first flight from the states, he’s probably already on his way. He’ll have picked
Izuku up before you get home tomorrow.”
Katsuki sneers. “I don’t fucking want him here.”
“He has nowhere else to go. That boy’s entire world just shattered and the least we can do for
Inko is give him a place to stay for the night. You will be civil to him.”
“I won’t bother him if he doesn’t bother me.”
They stare at each other for an intense moment before the old hag sighs. She grabs him by the
hair, shaking his head from side to side and ignoring the way he shouts about it.
“Good. Now go do your homework or whatever it is you do, brat.”
Katsuki bats her hands away, moving towards his room before she finishes her sentence.
Down the hall, the door of the guest room is ajar, and Katsuki stops to glare at it, fists flexing,
before scoffing and yanking the door to his own room open. He slams it behind him.
Like every evening, Katsuki spreads his work over his desk and sets about getting it done.
Normally, he doesn’t struggle in the slightest, working easily through anything the extras at
school throw at him. Today, though, he can’t concentrate. His eyes keep drifting towards the
wall that connects his room to the one that goddamned Deku is in, upper lip twitching in an
unconscious sneer.
Deku is in his house, in the next room, breathing Katsuki’s air and probably getting it all
shitty and contaminated. It’s like Deku’s last act of fucking with Katsuki’s life. Auntie dies,

and the nerd is going to go away to live in the US with his father, finally out of Katsuki’s hair
forever, but first he’s just got to come in here and invade Katsuki’s home first.
Katsuki’s pencil snaps in his fist. Splinters of wood dig into his palm and he curses, dropping
the pencil halves and shaking his hand out. A small sliver of the shit has embedded itself
beneath his skin and he digs at it with his thumb for a moment before cursing again when he
can’t get it out. He shoves himself away from his desk, making a general racket as he slams
his chair backwards.
“Knock it off!” the old hag shouts from somewhere else in the house when Katsuki's door
bangs against the wall as he throws it open. He rolls his eyes, storming to the bathroom to get
the fucking tweezers and maybe a bandaid or something, too, if he’s actually going to end up
bleeding just because he broke his stupid goddamned pencil.
The guest room is between Katsuki and the bathroom and the door is open enough for him to
see inside.
Izuku sits on the bed, back against the headboard with his arms wrapped around a pillow he
holds in his lap. He is staring blankly towards the door and Katsuki freezes as their eyes
unintentionally meet, though it isn't entirely clear whether Izuku actually sees him. The nerd
isn’t doing anything; he’s just sitting there, all empty-eyed. It’s fucking creepy, is what it is.
Katsuki resists the urge to snap, sure that wherever his mother is, she is listening closely and
primed to start screaming at him if he steps a toe out of line. Gritting his teeth so hard his jaw
aches, he tears his eyes from Izuku and turns back towards the bathroom, clinging tightly to a
thin thread of restraint.
Then, so softly Katsuki will wonder if he imagined it, Izuku says, “I think you were right
about me, Kacchan.”
Katsuki shudders violently, body going numb as his abruptly racing pulse fills his ears. He
does not turn back towards the guest room. He thinks he can feel Izuku’s eyes on him, a stare
so cold it burns and so empty it swallows everything it meets. A small, hysterical part of
Katsuki - a part he refuses to acknowledge, much less indulge - is certain that if he turns his
head to the side Izuku will be right there , hollow gaze filling the gap between the door and
its frame.
Resolutely looking at the opposite wall, Katsuki does a 180, returns to his room with
measured, equal steps and locks the door behind him. He does not run. There’s no reason for
him to run away from that shitty, useless weakling. This is his house and Katsuki doesn’t run
from anything.
And things that run are often chased.

The man who comes to pick Izuku up from the Bakugo household early the next afternoon is
not his father.
“Hisashi,” Auntie Mistuki greets as she opens the door, “I can’t say I’m glad to see you
again, considering the circumstances.”
“Yes,” the man beyond the door responds, “I suppose I would rather have never seen you
again at all. I’m sorry for your loss, Mitsuki.”
“Izuku has lost far more than I have.”
At that, both adults’ attention moves to where Izuku stands, hovering just past the entryway
and watching their interaction with tired, wary eyes. He stares at the stranger, more alert than
he has been since he received the news about his mother.
The man has golden amber eyes and a smattering of freckles. His hair is a mass of dark and
wild curls. Likely, he is taller than Izuku will ever be, and his features are long and thin
where Izuku’s are round, but the resemblance between them is obvious. Izuku, as it turns out,
was a perfect combination of his parents’ features, and no one would be able to look at the
pair of them and not identify them as closely related.
But this man is not his father.
Izuku’s father has a fire breathing quirk. This is one of relatively few facts Izuku knows about
Hisashi Akatani. The man at the door does not have a fire breathing quirk. Izuku is not
entirely sure what his quirk actually is, a new and disconcerting sensation. He can still sense
it, but can’t identify it. The quirk is tangled and shifting and seems to be shouting too much
conflicting information that Izuku can’t make sense of. It makes his head hurt.
“Izuku,” the man says, “I am so sorry this has happened to you.”
His voice is soft and sounds sincere, but he is clearly lying about who he is so Izuku has no
reason to trust anything else he says. Izuku cuts his eyes to Aunt Mitsuki, wondering if he
should say something. Would she believe him? What could she do about it if she did? He
stays quiet as the man walks past Aunt Mitsuki with a nod, coming to stand in front of Izuku.
“Are you going to take me to America?” Izuku asks him.
“I’m going to take you home,” the man replies.
“My home is down the street.”
The man’s eyes soften, losing a guardedness that Izuku didn’t notice until it was gone.
“It was,” the man agrees. “I’m hoping we can make a new one, together.”
Izuku does not want a new home, especially not with this imposter, even if he seems nice
enough. Izuku wants to go back to the apartment and be greeted by the smell of his mother’s
cooking. He wants to see her standing in the kitchen, hear her humming to herself, smell her

shampoo as she hugs him close to welcome him home. This man, father or not, can’t give
Izuku that. Nothing can, because it doesn’t exist anymore.
The man kneels in front of him, “I know that’s not what you want right now. It might even
sound impossible. But it’s my job to take care of you, and I promise I’ll do that as well as I
can.”
The man reaches out a hand, silently asking for permission to touch, and Izuku stares at it for
a long moment. He doesn’t know who this person is, why he is here, or where Izuku’s actual
father is. But Izuku finds that he doesn’t particularly care. He knows he should, in a distant
sort of way, but he can’t actually find it inside himself.
Today Izuku is going home with a strange man, who will take him away from everything he
knows and nothing will ever be the same again. This would be true, even if it was actually
Izuku’s father crouching in front of him. Whether the stranger is his father or some other
person wearing his father’s face makes little difference in the end.
Izuku puts his hand in the man’s and lets himself be pulled into a gentle hug. It’s nice. The
man is bigger and more solid than Aunt Mitsuki, and he smells of something smokey and
sharp. The man lets Izuku go and stands, turning back to Auntie who has been watching them
with drawn brows.
“Thank you for keeping him safe for me, but we should probably be going. I can’t be away
from work for long, so we’ll be catching a flight back state-side this evening and I want to
make sure we have time to pack up anything he wants to keep from the apartment.”
Auntie bites her lip, “I understand. I’ll walk you over. I - I still have Inko’s spare key, so I can
let you in.”
The walk to the apartment is short and silent. Auntie’s tension contrasts perfectly against the
man’s reserved stoicism. Between the two adults, Izuku’s shorter legs set their pace, and he
stares down at their feet, barely blinking. The man’s shoes seem unreal against the cracked
concrete of the sidewalk, perfectly polished and unscuffed dress shoes that Izuku thinks
would look out of place anywhere except a high end department store. His suit is the same,
pristine and perfectly pressed as if the man has not spent the last day darting between airports
on different sides of the world.
“I can take it from here,” the man says, firm but not unkind, after Aunt Mitsuki fumbles the
door to the Midoriya apartment open.
She blinks, “Oh. Right.”
Her eyes drift to Izuku and she hesitates for a moment before dropping down next to him,
placing one hand on his shoulder and the other on the side of his face.
“We’re going to miss you so much,” she tells him. “I expect you to call, alright? Just because
you’re going away doesn’t mean you have to be gone . We can still talk whenever you want.
If you ever need anything, Masaru and I will still be there for you, just like always, no matter
how far away we are. Love you, kiddo.”

“I love you, too.”
She pulls him into a long, tight hug, then stands and stares at him for a moment, as if
committing him to memory. Izuku does the same, not knowing when he’ll see her next. Aunt
Mitsuki was practically a second mother to him, even if he saw her less frequently after his
accident with Katsuki, and now he is losing her, too.
He watches as she walks away down the hall, watches still even after she disappears, until the
man who is not his father places a hand on his shoulder and steers Izuku into the apartment.
The door closes behind them and Izuku is alone with the stranger.
“Feel free to grab anything you need,” the man says, “but only things that are important.
Anything else can be replaced when we get where we’re going.”
Izuku leads the way to his room. The man glances around but says nothing as Izuku pulls a
suitcase from his closet and begins sorting through his belongings for those that have
sentimental value. He puts aside some of his favorite clothes, an All Might plush he and
Katsuki had gotten together before their relationship imploded, photos of his mother that he
can’t stand to look at but can’t leave behind, the quirk analysis notebooks that he has poured
so much time into. The man sits on Izuku’s bed and watches in silence.
“Who are you?” Izuku asks. The man raises his eyebrows, says nothing.
“You’re not my father,” Izuku persists. “Who are you?”
“I work for your father.”
“Oh. Are you bringing me to him?”
“As soon as you are done here, yes.”
“How do you look like him?”
“A quirk of an associate. Your father was unable to come retrieve you in person, but it
seemed unlikely that your temporary guardians would hand you over to a stranger. A degree
of deception seemed prudent.”
“What’s your name?”
“You may call me Kurogiri.”
“And your quirk?”
The man smiles with an edge, “You ask a lot of questions, don’t you, Izuku Shigaraki.”
“Midoriya,” Izuku corrects, frowning. “I’m sorry. You don’t need to answer them.”
“It’s fine. An inquisitive mind is something your father values. Knowledge is power, after all.
As for my quirk, you’ll see soon enough. Are you finished?”

Izuku has not found anything new to put into the suitcase for nearly three minutes. He looks
down at it, one side still nearly empty. Izuku has more things, of course, but none of them
truly matter to him. His life, he thinks, is painfully empty. The most important thing in it was
his mother. With her, it didn’t matter what else he had. But now she is gone, and Izuku the
contents of Izuku’s life can be condensed to one side of a relatively small piece of luggage.
“Not quite,” is all he tells the man, Kurogiri, before leaving his own bedroom to go to his
mother's. Kurogiri does not follow, and Izuku is glad. He doesn’t want the stranger in his
mom's room.
The bed is still unmade and there are sticky notes on the dresser, reminders of tasks that
Izuku’s mother would never get around to fulfilling. On the side table, there is a framed
picture of the two of them and a locket. Izuku takes the picture, pressing it against his chest
so he can’t see his mother grinning out from behind the glass. He passes the locket chain over
his head, letting it fall under his shirt. It’s a cheap piece of jewelry that Izuku had given his
mom for Christmas when he was six. The clasp had broken almost immediately so it could no
longer open, and she had never found a photo to place inside anyway, but she always said it
was her favorite.
“Lockets hold memories,” she had said, when a disappointed Izuku asked why she still
bothered wearing it after it broke so quickly. “This one holds all my memories of you.”
“It doesn’t even open.”
“If it can’t open, then nothing can ever escape. It’s perfect.”
For four years, Izuku had rarely seen her without it, only when she was going to work or just
returning. She always left it on the table when she had to leave because she didn’t want it to
get broken in any of the chaos that could sometimes descend on the hospital.
Yesterday, she had left it on the table and gone to work as usual, and she had gotten broken in
the chaos, instead.
“Do you have everything you need?” Kurogiri asks as Izuku leaves the bedroom. Izuku nods.
“Are you sure? We won’t be returning here.”
Izuku hesitates, looking over the small apartment that is the only home he has ever known.
Yesterday he left for school in the morning, and today he will leave for good. No more scuffs
from Katsuki’s shoes on the door, no more height marks ticked into door frames, no more
drafty windows in the winter or neighbors who were always looking for a lost cat that was
just sleeping under some furniture.
“I’m sure,” Izuku lies. “What time is our flight?”
“Ah, right. We won’t be going to the airport, actually.”
“What? Why not? You said you were sent here by my dad. Aren’t you supposed to take me to
him?”

“And I will. I simply have more convenient modes of transportation.”
On cue, the air next to Kurogiri bends, a dark mist spiralling out of a single point and
expanding until it is the approximate size of a doorway. Izuku squints at the sudden pain in
his head staring at it, his own quirk providing an overwhelming mix of incomprehensible
feedback at the sight.
“After you,” Kurogiri says, sweeping his arm out.
Izuku shakes his head, backing up half a step. Despite the deception associated with
Kurogiri’s presence, Izuku has not cared enough to resist or rail against the odd
circumstances, but this? He doesn’t like this, doesn’t like not knowing what that swirling
mass of darkness is or what it will do to him.
Kurogiri sighs and makes a small gesture with his hand that causes the ground to fall away
from Izuku’s feet. Izuku doesn’t even have time to shout.

Four days ago, Sensei had come to the bar, and it hadn't been for Tomura. Sensei had walked
past Tomura like he wasn’t even there, sitting heavily on a stool in front of Kurogiri and
tapping his fingers on the bar in a harsh, staccato rhythm.
"Kurogiri, prepare a room. Inko has gotten it into her mind to remove my son from Japan. He
will be joining us sooner than anticipated."
Tomura sat in his corner booth, handheld game forgotten as a gameover message flashed
across the screen. He had been living as Sensei’s ward for a decade now, and while he didn’t
see the man in person all that often, he knew Sensei trusted and cared for him. But he had
never heard of an Inko, and he had no idea that Sensei had a son.
"And the mother?" Kurogiri asked, equally oblivious to Tomura’s presence, even as Tomura
threw his game down loudly on the table to scratch at his neck.
"She won't be an issue. Just the one room." Sensei paused for a moment, seeming to think,
though he could be hard to read with his head encased in metal.
“Actually,” he added, “is my old room still open?”
“Of course, sir.”
“Good. I think I’ll be staying a while. Best to be here while Izuku settles in.”
“You’re staying?” Tomura couldn’t help but ask, drawing both adults’ attention.
“Oh. Tomura.” Tomura’s skin crawled at the casual, almost disinterested way Sensei said his
name, nothing like the way he lingered over the syllables of I-zu-ku . “Yes, I suppose so.

Once Izuku arrives, I’ll want to make sure he adjusts well to the change.”
Izuku, Tomura thought, must be the son. It wasn't a very impressive name, if you ask him.
Sensei must not have chosen it, because it wasn't half as good as Tomura’s.
Izuku, Tomura thinks now, is not very impressive to look at, either. Days of turning the name
over in his head has made the thought bitter, a disdain that leaks from Tomura’s eyes as he
glares at the pathetic mess on the floor.
Kurogiri had dropped Izuku into the bar just seconds ago. He had stumbled backwards
through a portal, off balance, and immediately fell on his ass, now sitting on the floor,
blinking dumbly. Tears are already building in the corners of his disgustingly wide and
saccharine eyes, even though nothing has even happened to him yet.
Tomura doesn’t bother holding back his scoff and no one even scolds him for it. Normally
Kurogiri, as uptight as he is, would sigh and remind Tomura to mind his manners, and then
Sensei, if he was there, would say that Tomura should vocalize his discontent in whatever
way he sees fit, so long as he pairs his words with actions, because that’s how change begins.
Neither adult acknowledges Tomura now, both too occupied with the new nuisance taking up
space in their bar, looking seconds away from some kind of meltdown.
The last four days have been all about Izuku and preparing for Izuku’s arrival, and Tomura
just can’t understand it. Sensei already has him - why would he need another kid, especially
one as lame as this brat who looks like some kind of fluffy baby animal and can’t seem to
string two words together? He’s unnecessary is what he is, and Tomura has said as much, but
no one has listened to him.
Well, perhaps Tomura has just been going about it wrong. Sensei has always made it clear
that it’s good for Tomura to hate things, but also that doing nothing with that hatred is
wasteful. If something upsets him, he’s supposed to do something about it.
As small and weak as he is, Tomura supposes that Izuku should be easy enough to destroy.

Izuku crashes to the polished wood floor of an unknown place, blind to the details of his
surroundings as a film of tears covers his vision, preventing him from adjusting to the dim
light of this new place. There’s a scoff to the side and he turns towards it. Blurrily, Izuku can
see someone, and he blinks hard to bring the figure into focus.
A boy, older than Izuku but most likely only by four or five years, sits in one of several
booths along the near wall, one leg drawn up onto the seat and the other stretched out in front
of him. He is dressed in all black and his hair is a pale robin’s egg blue, hanging over his face
in limp strands. He scowls, the anger in his red eyes so familiar that Izuku can briefly smell
burning sugar and singed skin.

The boy stands and closes the distance between them in only a few steps, stretching a hand
down to Izuku and wiggling his fingers slightly in invitation. For a moment, Izuku just stares,
taken aback by the helpful gesture that clashes with the boy’s hostile demeanor, but then,
tentatively, he reaches up to take it.
“Tomura Shigaraki,” Kurogiri’s voice interrupts, filled with warning, and Izuku’s hand
flinches backwards as the boy’s eyes flash.
The boy, presumably Tomura Shigaraki, lunges forwards, latching onto Izuku’s wrist and
pulling him up. Beneath his fingers, the sleeve of Izuku’s jacket starts to flake and crack
apart, drifting to the floor as dust. It takes only seconds - during which Izuku can do nothing
but stare, dumbfounded - for that thin barrier to be gone, and then Shigaraki is touching his
skin and Izuku’s wrist lights up with pain so intense that Izuku's vision goes entirely white for
a moment.
“Don’t, Kurogiri,” Izuku distantly hears someone say over the sound of his own gasps. “Give
him a moment.”
Izuku claws at the hand around his wrist and Shigaraki’s quirk, the same one eating away at
Izuku’s skin, rushes to Izuku easily, almost eagerly. With Shigaraki’s fingers clenched tight in
raw flesh, the pain doesn’t abate, but the destruction halts. And then Shigaraki is the one
screaming, as Izuku’s fingers around his wrist slowly carve grooves of decay into his skin,
blood and ash mixing together into a thick grey-red paste.
It’s a five-finger activation quirk, Izuku realizes as he releases his grip, allowing Shigaraki to
hunch around his damaged appendage. Izuku takes a step back, but he is trembling so hard
that he immediately falls to the floor again, scrambling away from a hissing Shigaraki as the
boy recovers enough to glare at Izuku with so much malice that he’s sure even Katsuki would
be cowed. Stools clatter around Izuku as he backs into them, knocking them aside as he
presses himself against the bar. Beneath Izuku’s hands, pristine floorboards rot into powder.
“You little brat,” Shigaraki spits. He takes a swaying step forward, menacing.
“Excellent,” a familiar voice says, deep and slightly raspy, as a stool to Izuku’s left screeches
harshly across the floor. Shigaraki halts his approach.
A man stands there, dressed in the same suit as Kurogiri, adjusting the sleeves of his jacket as
he looks down at Izuku. The man does not have a face. His head is wrapped in an
intimidating contraption of black metal that Izuku can’t quite make sense of and can’t seem
to force himself to look at for more than a split second, his eyes continuously sliding away to
the man’s collar or shoulder instead.
“I suspected you were like me when I saw what you did to that villain, but this confirms it,”
the man says.
“You know about the sludge villain.” It is a statement, not a question. Somehow, this man
knows what Izuku did. It is everything his mother feared. Briefly, Izuku is glad his mother
isn’t alive to see this moment, and then he feels sick at the thought.

“Of course I do, my boy,” the man replies. “What kind of father would I be if I didn’t?”
The man with no face is Izuku’s father.
This is not a revelation. The knowledge had settled inside Izuku, a cold knot of certainty in
his stomach, from the moment he saw him.
This man, like Kurogiri, doesn’t have the fire breathing quirk that Izuku expected. Or maybe
he does, somewhere among the seemingly endless number of foreign quirks he has stored
inside of him, filed away in neat little rows that Izuku can only get half a read on.
Dread coils and surges around Izuku’s ribs at the idea that he is anything like this man, whose
mere presence makes Izuku feel like he is suffocating, but they are undeniably the same.
“Now,” the man, Hisashi, Izuku’s father says, “I am very proud of you for protecting
yourself, of course, but could you please give your brother his quirk back? He won’t attack
you again.”
“Brother?” Izuku asks numbly.
“Ah, yes, I suppose the two of you haven’t been introduced properly. Forgive his manners;
he’s a passionate boy. Tomura!”
Shigaraki is called forward with a gesture, scratching compulsively at his neck, leaving angry
red lines in the wake of his nails. Izuku’s father places one hand on the boy’s shoulder and
stretches the other down to help Izuku up. Unthinking, Izuku takes it with all five fingers, but
his father doesn’t so much as flinch as he pulls Izuku to his feet. When he releases his grip,
blood clots as the wound Izuku just caused begins healing immediately.
“Tomura, this is Izuku. Izuku, this is Tomura. I adopted Tomura shortly before you were
born. Leaving you was not something I did lightly, but Tomura had no one and you had your
mother. I’m sure you understand. The two of you will get along quite nicely, I think.”
From either side of Izuku’s father, the boys stare at one another, and Shigaraki’s unwavering
glare made Izuku doubt the veracity of that claim.
“Now, the quirk. You can return it, I presume?”
Izuku nods, slowly reaching across the space separating him from Shigaraki, cautious and
telegraphed, like the way he would approach a stray dog that may be prone to bite.
“I n-need to touch you,” Izuku explains when Shigaraki only narrows his eyes suspiciously.
Izuku is careful to keep his pinky raised when Shigaraki’s hand meets his.
“Does it always take this long?” his father asks after a moment, still looming between them.
“It - It’s harder. To give them b-back.”
“Interesting.”

Shigaraki’s quirk, in particular, is resisting. Izuku has only taken quirks a handful of times, all
of them accidental, and the only quirk he has repeated, deliberate experience with is
attraction of small objects. After enough practice with his mother, returning her quirk had
been easy. Returning strangers' quirks, the few times he had an accident, was slightly harder,
but still significantly easier than that very first, disastrous time with Katsuki. Generally, it
was hard for Izuku to repel quirks away from himself when his quirk naturally wanted to
attract them, but the quirks he stole were overall eager to return to their owners, to the place
where they rightfully belonged.
Shigaraki’s quirk is not like that. It resists Izuku every step of the way, for nearly a minute,
before Izuku manages to fully separate it from himself, more exhausted than his quirk has
made him in years. His father catches him by the shoulder as he slumps. Immediately,
Shigaraki grabs a glass from the bar, smirking viciously as it turns to dust between his
fingers.
Humming, Izuku’s father lifts Izuku’s damaged wrist, turning it over gently as he inspects the
wound.
“I can stop the bleeding,” he says, “but you’ll still need to be bandaged. Kurogiri, see to their
wounds and then get Izuku set up in his room for me, would you? It’s been a rather tiring day
and I’m sure he would appreciate some rest before dinner. Izuku, if there’s anything you need
or want, feel free to write it down and Kurogiri will retrieve it for you on his next trip out.”
“Of course, Sir,” Kurogiri says. Izuku looks to the side of the room where the man had been
lingering out of the way as Izuku and Shigaraki clashed, seeing an entirely different person
than the man who had taken him from the Bakugo’s home that morning. Kurogiri’s height is
the same, but now his form is composed of the same black mist as the portal he opened in
Izuku’s living room, with wisps of purple around the edges and glowing yellow eyes.
Whatever had been making the man look like Izuku's father must have worn off or been
removed, leaving behind the deep, unfathomable smoke that either made up or engulfed
Kurogiri's real body.
While Izuku is distracted, his father covers the entirety of Izuku's wound with one large hand,
making an absent-minded sound of apology when Izuku chokes down a yelp of pain at the
contact. When he pulls his hand away, the wound is clotted over with a semi-gelatinous scab,
not precisely healed and certainly still delicate, but sealed enough that Izuku is no longer
losing blood. He does the same for Shigaraki, before ruffling both boys’ hair and
disappearing through a door at the back of the room.
Kurogiri seats both Izuku and Shigaraki on a stool, keeping several feet between the two of
them while he digs behind the bar for a first aid kit. He wraps their wrists quickly but gently
as Izuku lists against the bar top, exhaustion washing over him in waves.
Afterwards, Kurogiri leads Izuku to a room, slightly bigger than his old bedroom, but
completely empty aside from a desk and the bed, which is made up with neutral blue
bedspread. The room has no windows.
“It’s quite boring right now,” Kurogiri says, “but this way you can decorate it to your
preference. I can get you anything you’d like, within reason. The bathroom is just down the

hall. Dinner will be ready in a few hours, but I’ll retrieve you when it is, so feel free to rest in
the meantime.” Kurogiri leaves the room, but lingers in the door for a moment, staring in
with inscrutable yellow eyes.
“Welcome home, Izuku Shigaraki.”
Shigaraki must be his father’s name, Izuku realizes. Or at least his favored pseudonym. Izuku
had always thought that his father’s family name was Akatani, but he was learning all kinds
of ways he had been wrong today.
A false name was nothing compared to the secret of his father’s quirk, nothing compared to
all the quirks he had stored away, nothing compared to the haunting knowledge of how he
must have gotten those quirks. Izuku is afraid to assume too much, mostly because he is
afraid to think about what this means for him, but he can’t deny that those quirks must have
come from somewhere.
Izuku lays in his new bed that smells of foreign laundry detergent and tries not to think too
hard about things like what his father has done or whether Tomura Shigaraki will try to kill
him again or if his mother is watching from some place beyond and crying for him.
Sleep does not come easily, but inevitably, it does come.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
Character death: Inko. NOT described, only mentioned. Still sad. Sorry :((((
Dissociation
Mild violence (Tomura attacks Izuku)
AFO: I am an amazing parent. I love my children Izuku and AFO: *checks smudged writing on hand*
AFO: Taiyaki.
Commenters: Inko is such a good mom
Me, sweating nervously: Haha, yeah, she’s a real angel
Next Chapter: All for One - Part II
Complete, update: 11/9/21

Chapter 4: All for One - Part II
Chapter Notes

CWs - end notes - you know the drill
I cut so much out of this chapter and it still ended up over 14k. Apparently, I could have
written a whole separate book about Izuku’s time with his father and the complicated
relationships between Izuku, Tomura, Kurogiri, and AFO. Unfortunately, that’s not the
story I’m here to tell, so this will have to do.
On another note, anyone have any ideas for what to call Izuku’s quirk?? Cuz not gonna
lie, I’m kind of coming up empty.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Hisashi is a patient man, and he is grateful for that trait as he watches his son peer around
corners of his new home like a skittish animal. The boy’s life is changing in several very
dramatic ways all at once and Hisashi cannot begrudge him the need to take time to adjust.
Though he is admittedly eager to begin training Izuku, Hisashi has lived a long life and is
willing to wait a relatively short time in comparison to ensure that his son’s integration is as
successful as it can be.
Hisashi does everything he can to make Izuku’s life comfortable. The boy doesn’t ask for
much, so Hisashi goes out of his way to provide anything he can think of - toys, games,
books, a laptop, a television, even plenty of hero merchandise based on Kurogiri’s reports of
the boy’s room in his mother’s home. He encourages Tomura and Izuku to bond, and Tomura
makes no further attempts to harm his brother, which Hisashi considers a success.
The family of three - four, if you count Kurogiri, which Hisashi doesn’t particularly - eat
every meal together and Hisashi tolerates the inane conversation to gather every bit of
information about his son that he can. He needs to know who Izuku is to get an idea of how
to best shape him into who he will become. Now, the boy is reserved and anxious, and far too
sweet for what Hisashi has in mind for him, but there is an obvious intelligence about him
that has a great deal of potential. Intelligence like that rarely pairs long with happiness. It
picks apart problems endlessly, it demands change and it festers into discontent when society
resists that change. Discontent is something Hisashi can use.
It takes a week for Izuku to grow comfortable enough to start asking questions, and Hisashi is
thrilled at the progress, even as he carefully debates his answers to not give too much away
too quickly. Progress has been made, but it can still easily be undone.
“We’re not in America, are we?” is the first question Izuku poses.

“No, we are not,” Hisashi confirms. He supposes this became obvious rather quickly once he
gave Izuku access to the news.
For each question asked and answered without rebuke, his son grows more bold.
“Who are you?”
“I’m your father.”
“Who are you to everyone else?”
Hisashi gives the question due consideration. Izuku waits patiently through his silence,
watching with guarded, but no longer fearful, eyes.
“Well, that depends on who you ask. To you and Tomura I am a father and a teacher. Once, I
was Hisashi Shigaraki, but very few still know me that way. To most, I am a ghost, a legend.
Those who know better call me All for One.”
The words mean very little to Izuku, but he seems satisfied by the answer nonetheless.
“You’re a villain, aren’t you?”
Hisashi smiles, “Everyone is the villain in someone’s story.”
This answer is less satisfactory.
For several days after, Izuku is like a ghost in the house, sticking to the shadows and fleeing
the presence of his housemates as quickly as he can after meals, and Hisashi fears he has
mistepped. Then, the boy is back at his side, quiet as ever but solid and determined.
“Are you going to hurt me?”
“That’s the last thing I want, I assure you. I’m not the villain in your story, Izuku.”
“I want to be a hero,” the boy tells him, words spilling out in challenge even as his hands fist
nervously in his shirt.
“You’re capable of so much more.”
Izuku’s eyes burn with discontent and Hisashi knows that it is finally time.
He waits two days before calling Izuku into his office. The boy sits in a chair that is far too
large for him, shrinking into it as his fingers twist and tangle together, but his eyes shine with
defiance. For now, that spirit is aimed at Hisashi, but Izuku is young and, given time, it will
be a relatively simple task to point him towards a more appropriate target.
“Tell me about your quirk.”
The spark in Izuku’s eyes is snuffed out in an instant, but Hisashi doesn’t let it worry him.
With the match struck, the fire will never be banked for long. They have avoided this

conversation long enough and at this point, putting it off any longer would be a roadblock to
their continued progress.
“Why?” his son asks. “I don’t use it.”
“Why not?”
Izuku’s brow creases in confusion. “It’s bad. Using it hurts people.”
“But not using it hurts you, doesn’t it? Your quirk is a part of you. Suppressing it like this
isn’t healthy, you know.”
“It’s fine. It’s safer this way, for everyone.”
“Safer? You have far too many scars for a boy your age, I’m assuming from your peers. They
think that you’re quirkless, correct? And target you because of that? Why should they be
allowed to use their quirks on you but you can’t use your own in defense? Wouldn’t that be
safer?”
Izuku shakes his head with the blind determination of a child. “Not for them.”
“But what about you?”
“Me?” Izuku asks, as if the concept is foreign.
“Yes, you. What about your safety? Your well-being? This isn’t a trick question, my boy. I’m
not trying to upset you. But why is hurting people okay only when you are the one being
hurt?”
“It's not… okay," he says, doubtfully, like he knows it should be true but can't make sense of
the context.
"But it’s acceptable?”
“My quirk is bad. If I use it, then I’m bad.” Stated factual, the result of repetition, not truth.
“Quirks aren’t good or bad,” Hisashi corrects, just as matter-of-fact. “They just are.”
“Things that hurt people are bad.”
“Is an earthquake bad? A hurricane? They can be tragic, perhaps, but they are natural things.
Your quirk, Izuku, is like a force of nature.”
“But I don’t want to be an earthquake,” the boy says, small and lost.
“No, you want to be a hero, don’t you?” Hisashi finds the loose thread and pulls. “You can’t
be afraid of your quirk if you want to be a hero, you know. Heroes aren’t supposed to be
afraid of anything.”

Izuku hesitates, staring over Hisashi’s shoulder with wet eyes and picking at his cuticles. He
looks far younger than he is, with his hands close to his chest and his knees pressed together,
feet hovering off the floor.
“How can I stop being afraid?” he asks, so softly that Hisashi wouldn’t have heard it, if not
for the number of sensory enhancement quirks he has picked up over the years.
“I can help with that,” Hisashi assures his son, “you just need to trust me.”
And so, Izuku’s training begins. At this point, the boy knows very little about how his own
quirk functions, but with time they can fill the gaps in his knowledge together.
Hisashi had planned to give Izuku a small handful of quirks to start with, to acclimate him to
having and using more than one without the need for the boy to take them himself, but he
finds he cannot. There is something incompatible in their quirks, like magnetism - they are
the same, but repel each other because of that. It’s an inconvenience, if a minor one, but
Hisashi finds himself charmed by it, fascinated by the increasing complexity of the boy who
shares half his DNA.
Instead, Hisashi shuffles his mental schedule around slightly to prepare to introduce Izuku to
the warehouse sooner than originally intended. The transition will be more jarring this way,
so Hisashi spends the intervening week and a half before their visit slowly coaxing Izuku into
some semblance of comfort with his quirk. Tomura proves to be a perfect tool for this - a
textbook example of a destructive quirk, with destructive desires to match, yet Izuku refuses
to condemn his brother, insisting that the older boy isn’t bad, despite feeling an obvious
degree of fear towards him. It is easy for Hisashi to turn the logic around on his son.
When the time to visit the warehouse comes, Hisashi is reasonably confident that the trip will
be productive. He is wrong.
Izuku’s first reaction to the unconscious woman on the table is confusion, a vague discomfort
that he sets aside rather easily in the presence of a trusted adult. The woman is set aside in an
otherwise empty room that Kurogiri teleports Hisashi and Izuku to directly. Normally,
Hisashi wouldn’t clear a space like this for a single subject, but Izuku is still in the very
beginning stages of his metamorphosis, and Hisashi fully intends to keep the boy sheltered
from some of the more distressing aspects of his work.
So, the woman is alone and asleep when Hisashi instructs Izuku to take her quirk.
The trust his son has in him, the trust that he has so carefully cultivated, shatters in an instant,
as sudden and unexpected as a bullet through a champagne glass.
The boy is shaking and babbling in horror as Hisashi curses himself internally, pressing twice
on the small button in his pocket that alerts Kurogiri to retrieve them immediately. Izuku’s
panic does not subside in the bar, and Tomura, drawn to the commotion, watches with mixed
irritation and amusement. Resigned, Hisashi presses a hand over his son’s eyes, and the boy
falls limp in his arms, unconscious in an instant.

Tomura approaches them, feigning lazy disinterest, and reaches for Izuku’s head with a hand
that Hisashi bats away. Tomura smiles, sharp and impish, reaching forward again but pulling
back before Hisashi can swat him, lifting both hands in a mock-peaceful gesture.
If Hisashi still had his eyes, he would be rolling them, but settles instead for simply saying,
“Stop threatening to decay your brother.”
“What’s his problem, anyway?”
“He had an … adverse reaction to the warehouse.”
Tomura makes an understanding noise. “Did you show him the labs?”
“No. But I underestimated the extent of his issues with his quirk. I thought the last few weeks
had opened his mind to the possibility of using it, but he didn’t respond well to the reality.”
“Really? That’s it? The way he was glitching when I came in, I thought you had killed his
mother or something. Again.”
“Tomura,” Hisashi warns. The boy snickers, unrepentant.
“Seriously, though. He’s such a little baby. I don’t know why you even bother.”
“Many would ask why I bothered with you," Hisashi points out, sharply. "I see potential in
him. He’s my son. No doubt, he’s capable of greatness, but he needs guidance on his path.”
“Lame. When’s he gonna wake up, anyway? I’m supposed to beat his ass at Mario Kart
tonight.”
“The quirk will wear off in an hour. You’ll still be able to play your games.”
“Sick,” Tomura says and then leaves without so much as a goodbye, probably to shut himself
into his room until dinner.
Hisashi sighs again. He may be nearly immortal, but he’s fairly certain that parenting is
taking years off of his life.
The next week makes Hisashi all the more certain of that assessment. All the progress he has
made with Izuku is lost, and the boy is being as skittish as he was when Kurogiri first brought
him home. He leaves his room only when Hisashi demands his presence, and spends the
entirety of the time they are together staring with wide, watchful eyes, like he expects to be
accosted the moment he lets his guard slip.
Nothing changes as the days go on. Before, as anxious as Izuku was, he grew visibly more
comfortable every day. In the days leading up to the ill-fated trip to the warehouse, he seemed
to almost enjoy Hisashi’s company. Now, every day is the same. Izuku watches silently,
refusing to engage in conversation with Hisashi, and only interacting with Tomura or
Kurogiri when they are alone.

Hisashi moved too quickly. He knows that now, too late. He will not make the same mistake
twice. He will go slowly this time.
He brings Izuku back to the warehouse, to the same room, though it is empty this time. They
stay there for an hour, doing nothing in particular. Hisashi fills the silence with regular
conversation, like any they would have over dinner, and he knows Izuku is listening even if
the boy does not reply.
They go back every week, until Izuku stops looking like a hunted animal the moment they
step foot into the room, even if his wariness never completely abates.
Then, one day, there is a man in there with them, unconscious on a table, same as before.
“No,” Izuku says, the first words he has spoken directly to Hisashi in ages. “No, I won’t do it.
I don’t care, I won’t, I just won’t -”
“Calm down, my boy,” Hisashi soothes, and Izuku quiets his rambling, though his eyes stay
wild. “You don’t have to do anything. We just have some company today, is all. Ignore him.”
And Hisashi pretends they are alone for the rest of the hour.
There is another person the next week. And the next. And then, when Izuku grows used to the
extra body in the room, when his eyes hardly flicker from Hisashi to the subject at all during
the course of their stay, Hisashi escalates again.
That week, he takes the subject’s quirk himself. He approaches the body in the room for the
first time, ignoring the way Izuku tenses, and places his hand on the man’s forehead. In
fifteen seconds, the quirk is his. It is nothing impressive - a lung capacity quirk that allowed
him to hold his breath for extended periods of time and blow large breaths of air with greater
than average but overall uninspiring amounts of force.
It is not a dramatic affair. Most people wouldn’t have even known what happened, but Izuku
shudders violently as Hisashi tears the quirk free, as if he can sense it. It’s a fascinating idea
that only makes Hisashi want to explore the workings of his son’s quirk more, but he will
maintain his patience, despite the temptation to plow ahead, the temptation to simply break
the boy beneath his will instead of bend him.
“Don’t worry,” Hisashi tells his son, whose wide eyes don’t waver from the man on the table.
“He’s just fine.”
“You took his quirk.”
“I did.”
“How can you say he’s fine, then?”
“It’s not as if he was using it. He’ll hardly notice it’s gone.”
“That doesn’t make it better,” Izuku says, voice low, glaring eyes shaded by his hair.

Hisashi sighs. “I disagree. Izuku, quirks are tools - true or false?” The boy startles at the non
sequitur, anger draining into uncertainty.
“What does that have to do with anything?”
“Just humor me, please.”
Izuku is quiet for a long moment before saying, “True.”
“Let’s say you were trying to demolish a house and build a new one, a better one. That’s a big
project and it requires many tools. If someone else has them and isn’t using them, why
shouldn’t you, who needs them, take them and put them to use?”
“They’re not yours.”
“They are if you take them," Hisashi says, because as far as he is concerned, it is as simple as
that. "And if you use them better, isn’t that a good thing?”
“You’re using them better?” Izuku asks.
“I am building us - all of us, society as a whole - a new and better house. To do that, I need
all the tools I can get. You still want to be a hero, don’t you?”
Without hesitation, though confused by the connection, Izuku replies, “Of course.”
“Why?”
“To save people.”
“The more tools you have, the more people you can save.”
Izuku looks conflicted when they return to the bar that day, and Hisashi is hopeful that
appealing to his son’s desire to be a hero might be the leverage point that he has been looking
for. These hopes persist even when Izuku is not willing to take the subject’s quirk the next
week. They wane slightly the next. After a month, they are replaced with frustration.
Hisashi has been doing some reading - because obviously he is not as in his element when it
comes to parenting as he thought - and he has come to the firm conclusion that enough is
enough.
Izuku’s reluctance, at first, was understandable. He had spent the last six years internalizing
hatred for his quirk, and everything in his life was changing so quickly that he was certainly
overwhelmed. Patience is necessary, in a time like that, and it is important to be
understanding of children when they are dealing with stress and trauma.
But there comes a time when boundaries need to be set. Children will test them, naturally, but
it is the job of the parent, for the good of the child, to enforce those boundaries and set clear
expectations for what is and what isn’t acceptable behavior.
Izuku’s behavior, verging from hesitance into rebellion, has not been acceptable.

“Today,” Hisashi says as they step through Kurogiri’s portal into the warehouse, “you are
going to take this woman’s quirk.”
Hisashi has specifically selected today’s subject, whose quirk can briefly slow her perception
of time, allowing her to pick up on small details of a situation and seemingly increase her
own reflexes. It is a simple but useful quirk that will be easy to practice with and will,
perhaps, finally give Izuku a hint of hope at winning any of the games he plays against
Tomura.
“I won’t do it,” Izuku contradicts immediately. Hisashi frowns, despite having expected
nothing else.
“We have been talking about your quirk for months. We won’t get any farther if you keep
refusing to use it.”
“I don’t care. I don’t want to get any farther.”
“Izuku,” Hisashi says sternly, “don’t be difficult.”
“I won’t do it,” Izuku repeats, shaking his adamantly, the textbook definition of difficult.
“You can’t make me.”
Hisashi sighs. “Actually, you’ll find that I can.”
Forced quirk activation is not a particularly pleasant experience, which is why Hisashi had
wanted to avoid it, but Izuku needs to learn that disobedience is met with consequences.
Sharp, black appendages, shiny and hard like the carapace of a monstrous insect, sprout from
Hisashi’s shoulder blades and pierce Izuku through, one in his shoulder, one under his ribs,
one over his hip. The process is not half so painful as it looks, and it leaves no lasting
damage, but there is some pain involved, nonetheless, and a great deal of discomfort. The
strangled, gurgling noise that rises out of Izuku’s throat causes Hisashi’s lips to purse with
displeasure.
Not entirely sure of the mechanics of the boy’s quirk, Hisashi lifts one of Izuku’s hands and
places it one the woman’s forehead, as Hisashi would do to take a quirk himself. There is no
visible sign of Izuku’s quirk, no way to tell if it is working, and Izuku is hardly in a state to
say, so Hisashi counts to 30 - double what he needs to steal a quirk, to be safe - and then
releases forced activation.
He catches his son as his knees give way, bundling the boy into his arms and pressing Izuku’s
face to his chest. Izuku is crying, of course, desperate heaving sobs that hitch and stutter as he
struggles to get enough air. He pushes at Hisashi with shaking hands that do nothing but put
creases in his suit jacket, beating weakly and ineffectually at his chest. Hisashi holds his son
tight, one arm a solid bar across his back and the other hand running soothingly through the
boy’s hair as he hums a half-remembered melody from his own childhood. Izuku does not
calm, but his hands go from pushing to pulling, grasping frantically to keep Hisashi as close
as possible as he cries out months of built up stress and grief and anger.

Hisashi pets his son’s hair and lets him cry, basking in the warmth of the new quirk that he
can feel settled inside the boy, the first of what is sure to be many.

Sometimes, Tomura wants very badly to take Izuku’s head between his hands and squeeze
until there is nothing left of the brat who invaded his life and stole away all of Sensei’s
attention. He wants it so badly that the desire crawls under his skin like a living thing trying
to get out. Other times, when Izuku plays games with him for hours on end, Tomura is glad to
have someone to enjoy things with. Before, the only emotion he shared with anyone was
anger, but now he realizes why so many games come with co-op functions.
Izuku has been living with them for about a year, and now the extra controllers in Tomura’s
room have a purpose beyond being backups in case his temper gets out of control. He still
wants Izuku gone and that will never change - because Izuku is and always will be
unnecessary - but as long as the brat’s around, Tomura might as well take advantage of some
company other than Kurogiri.
Today, Tomura has a new game, one he wouldn’t have been able to play a year ago because it
requires at least two people. But now he has a “brother,” and if Izuku is good for one thing,
it’s being a player two.
Except Izuku hasn’t been very good at that, lately, either. He was never good at it , good at it
- he is actually very bad at any game that isn’t strategy based, which Tomura finds frustrating
and smugly satisfying in turns - but he was always at least there . He would hold a controller
when Tomura told him to and whine when Tomura didn’t explain the game well enough and
then Tomura would beat him over and over again until he got bored, and the entire time Izuku
would go along with it, even enjoying himself, despite how pitifully he always performed.
Now, though, Izuku is tired all the time. He lays in bed or drags himself around the bar with
dark circles under his eyes. He watches heroes on TV, scribbles away in his little notebooks,
or stares blankly into space until Sensei comes to take him away for training.
This time, Tomura finds him in his room, sitting on his bed with his head tipped back against
the wall, listening to something obnoxious on the radio.
“Let’s play a game,” Tomura demands, waving Izuku’s designated controller over his head as
he enters the room.
“Sorry, Tomura, I’m not really in the mood right now,” Izuku replies, as if Tomura had asked
. He doesn’t turn the radio down; he doesn’t open his eyes.
“Maybe tomorrow,” Izuku adds, but he has been saying that for nearly two weeks and his
mood is never different the next day. At some point, Izuku had obviously been in the “mood”
to play, but apparently that had changed and Tomura has no idea when or why or how to fix

it. All he knows is that it’s stupid and these days he wants to turn Izuku to dust even more
than usual.
“It’s been ages,” Tomura gripes. “What do you have going on that’s so important, anyway?
You’re not even doing anything , just play a game with me.”
“I’m tired.”
“I need a player two, come on.” He tosses Izuku’s controller over, but the brat makes no
attempt to catch it, letting it bounce on the bedspread. His eyes are still closed. Tomura wants
to gouge them from his head.
“I’m tired . I won’t be any good, anyway.”
“What’s your point? You’re never any good, that wasn’t an issue before. Why are you so
tired, anyway?”
“Quirk training.”
“Is it really that hard?”
“It’s too easy,” Izuku whispers after a pause. Tomura barely hears him over the shouting on
the radio.
“Isn’t that a good thing?” Tomura asks. He wishes his own quirk training had been easy. He
remembers the grit of dust coating his teeth, blood dried into the creases of his fingers and
palms, and wants to break something.
“Dad says it is.”
“If Sensei says it is, then it is. Sensei knows what he’s talking about.”
Izuku frowns at the ceiling like he disagrees. This is what Tomura hates most about him.
Sensei and Izuku are together all the time, going to the warehouse, talking in Sensei’s office,
whatever it is they do. Sensei dotes on his son, his real son. Sensei has been a good mentor to
Tomura, but not a father, never a father - a painful realization that had been shoved into
Tomura’s face when Izuku arrived. Izuku has a father that Tomura desperately craves and he
frowns at the ceiling about it, weak and morally conflicted, questioning and wondering,
refusing to embrace the power he was born with.
“If you don’t play this game with me,” Tomura says, patience worn thin, “I’ll decay all your
notebooks.” The threat gains him Izuku’s full attention, the brat’s eyes finally snapping open.
The younger boy sits up, bringing his feet from their cross-legged position to the floor as he
narrows his glare at Tomura.
“You will not .”
“I will,” Tomura sing-songs, strolling lazily towards Izuku’s bookshelf where volumes of
notes, handwritten over the course of years, have been catalogued.

“Tomura, don’t you dare,” Izuku warns as Tomura reaches out a teasing hand, ghosting a
single finger over the spines of the books as he smiles innocently. As Tomura pulls one from
the shelf, Izuku stands and rushes over, lunging for the notebook that Tomura just holds over
his head, between his thumb and pointer finger. Five years younger and about a foot shorter,
Izuku has no hopes of reaching it.
Izuku crowds against him anyway, standing up on his tiptoes in a futile attempt to retrieve his
possession, but Tomura easily pushes him to the side, walking casually over to Izuku’s bed.
He picks up the abandoned controller there, offering it to Izuku with a smirk.
“Well, if you don’t want me to, you could always just suck it up and play a video game with
me.” Izuku scowls and crosses his arms.
“Really?” Tomura asks. “You’re going to be a brat about this? Fine, if that’s the way you
want to play it.”
One by one, he lowers his fingers down, counting them off with gravitas but Izuku only
glares. Just before he can lower his pinky and turn the pages to dust, Izuku snatches the
controller from his hands. For a moment, Tomura grins in victory, but the equally smug look
on Izuku’s face gives him pause. The controller crumbles in Izuku’s hands.
“That’s cheating!” Tomura squawks. “No cheat codes allowed! You can’t do that!”
“Huh, weird, because it looks like I already did.”
Notebook forgotten, Tomura tackles him, and Izuku’s mocking laughter turns quickly to a
hiss at a particularly harsh pinch Tomura delivers to his side. Izuku always scolds Tomura for
destroying his controllers, but here he is doing the exact same thing and looking so selfsatisfied about it. Tomura can’t stand him.
“Give it back,” Tomura demands, jabbing Izuku again. “Give it back so I can use it to kill
you, you little shit.”
“Compelling argume-” Tomura’s elbow drives the air from Izuku’s retort.
“I’ll show you a compelling argument,” Tomura threatens, hawking back some spit and
letting it dangle precariously from his lips as he leans over the boy he has pinned.
“Gross!” Izuku shrieks beneath him, squirming wildly.
“Compelling, right?”
“Keep your nasty gamer spit away from me!”
“Give me my quirk back.”
“Fine! Fine, just get off me first and I will. You win, I don’t want whatever nasty diseases
you have.”

“Rabies, probably,” Tomura replies, rolling to the side and holding his hand out so Izuku can
have the contact he needs to return the quirk, a somewhat familiar motion at this point.
When he first sits up, Izuku is disheveled from their wrestling and pouting petulantly from
his loss. By the time he lets go of Tomura’s hand, only about a minute later, weariness and
malaise have taken him under again and he stares at their joined hands for a long minute even
after his job has been done. Tomura wants to pull away - neither knowing or understanding
what is wrong with his brother but certain that he’s not emotionally qualified to deal with
whatever it is - but he can’t make himself move.
“At least I can actually give your’s back,” Izuku says solemnly. As if the words broke a
trance, Tomura spastically pulls his hand away, immediately scratching at his neck with it.
Izuku watches the compulsive behavior with too-serious eyes that make Tomura feel torn
between hiding his hands behind his back and digging his nails further into his skin. The
radio is still going in the background, some english song that Tomura can’t understand the
lyrics of.
“If your life was a story, what role would my father play in it?” Izuku questions abruptly,
intense and sober in a way that feels unnatural coming from the dorky little brat.
“What kind of shitty question is that?” Tomura asks in return, avoiding eye contact.
“Humor me, please? I’ll play your game with you, if you do.”
“Sensei found me. He saved me when no one else would. I guess that would make him the
hero, huh? Ironic.” Tomura’s neck stings as the jagged corner of one of his nails breaks skin.
“Maybe… You know, all this training I’ve been doing with my dad, I’ve realized that it’s way
harder for me to give someone a quirk that wasn’t originally their’s to begin with. Your quirk
gives me a lot of trouble, Tomura.”
Tomura frowns, shifting uncomfortably. “What’s that supposed to mean?”
Izuku sighs. “Nothing. Anyway, we’ve got a game to play, don’t we? And I need a new
controller.”
Izuku gets up and wanders out of the room, presumably towards Tomura’s, but it takes
Tomura a minute to follow. He feels unsettled in an unfamiliar way as he rubs tiny pinpricks
of blood away from the scratches on his neck.
Video games will help, he tells himself as he stands. That’s what he came here for, after all.
Video games always help.

There are two versions of Hisashi Shigaraki.

There is the Hisashi Shigaraki at home, who listens to Izuku ramble about what he has
learned in his lessons with Kurogiri, who supports any and all of Izuku’s interests and
desires, who loves Izuku with a gentle but unwavering warmth. This Hisashi Shigaraki is
Izuku’s father.
And then there is the Hisashi Shigaraki at the warehouse, who only wants to talk about quirks
and the nature of their society and thinks everything else is a waste of time, who watches
Izuku cry over doing horrible things with unchanging and indifferent body language, whose
touch is a cold mockery of what a parent is supposed to be. This Hisashi Shigarki is All for
One.
Izuku only sees All for One for an hour a week. It is too often.
Today is an All for One day, and Izuku stands, shaking in the warehouse, wishing desperately
for his father. Though they visit the warehouse every week without fail, All for One does not
always have a subject victim waiting. Some weeks they merely talk. Everytime Izuku steps
through Kurogiri’s portal into the dim concrete room that has become synonymous with
suffering, Izuku hopes that it will be a talking week. Listening to All for One pick apart every
flaw in their society is nauseating, mostly because Izuku can’t help but recognize all the ways
in which the man is correct, but it is by far the lesser evil.
Today is not a talking day, Izuku is not that lucky. After months of this, Izuku is too numb to
be stung by the shattering of the small amount of hope he had managed to muster. He stares
blankly at the woman on the table, glancing over to All for One, who nods back in her
direction, instructions unspoken but clear.
The woman lays on her stomach, facing away from Izuku. He can’t see what she looks like,
the anonymity simultaneously relieving and sickening. Normally, Izuku’s victims are on their
backs, facing him, and he is not provided with even the vaguest shelter of dehumanization.
There is no denying that these are actual real people who he is hurting, and while the
knowledge gnaws away at him, he embraces the pain, welcomes the ravenous beast of guilt
and shame into his chest where it can feast on his ribs and lungs and heart.
Facedown, it is easy for some pathetic, cowardly part of Izuku to pretend that this woman is
not human. She is not a person, but a body - not a victim, but a subject. Bile rises in Izuku’s
mouth before he has even done anything. And he will do something. He will take the
woman’s quirk, like all the others, and the beast inside him will grow and it will chew even
more on his insides to keep itself fed.
Small wings, moth-like in shape and color, sprout from the woman’s shoulder blades, likely
not large enough to support her weight in flight, but beautiful in their own right. She is face
down to accommodate them. Izuku hopes - desperately, so desperately, everything he does in
the warehouse is desperate - that the wings aren’t a primary mutation, that they aren’t directly
tied to the function of her quirk.
Izuku has not taken a mutation quirk since the day he was attacked by the sludge villain and
he hopes he never will again, though realistically, he has always known that it is a matter of
time until All for One brings him one. All for One is endlessly curious about the details of

Izuku’s quirk, it’s limitations, the small ways in which it differs from his own, and mutation
quirks have thus far been an overlooked variable in All for One’s endless stream of tests.
But Izuku can tell what her quirk is just by looking at her, he always can. He doesn’t know
for certain what will happen if he takes a mutation quirk, if it will always end as poorly as it
did that day beneath the bridge, but today that knowledge gap will be filled, whether he likes
it or not.
“Izuku,” All for One prompts once Izuku has hesitated too long.
Izuku wishes he were stronger. He wishes he could push back against that stern warning, but
every time he’s tried, he’s failed. The burn of forced quirk activation is familiar now, the
phantom aches it leaves behind in place of physical marks linger in Izuku’s mind for days
after the fact. Even if Izuku says no, he will be speared in an instant, pincushioned like a
voodoo doll and moved against his will.
Once, Izuku would have gladly chosen being hurt over hurting someone else. He can no
longer make that choice. He wishes he were stronger, but has only gotten weaker.
Izuku forces himself close to the woman. He does not need to touch her to take her quirk - he
doesn’t even need to be in the same room to steal from her - but he owes her this much. He
circles to the other side of the table, brushes long brown hair away from her face and
commits it to memory, framing a mental picture of her on the wall right next to all his other
crimes.
Izuku pulls on her quirk as gently as he can, but that doesn’t stop her from screaming. Her
face, so peaceful in repose just a second ago, scrunches up, her jaw hinges open so wide he
fears the corners of her mouth will split. She screams and writhes on the table, muscles taught
and spine arching as blood runs down her sides. Her wings, so beautiful, twitch and shudder
and shed powdery feathers all over her pale skin. Their edges become ragged, the place
where they attach to her spine bubbles and splits, and she screams the whole time. It is a
dreadful, unnatural sound in a room where Izuku has only ever heard two voices - All for
One’s and his own.
Izuku slams his eyes closed, though the image of the woman’s suffering has already
imprinted itself on his brain, and stumbles backwards until he hits the wall, sliding down
against it. The screaming tapers into pants and gasps and Izuku can hear blood dripping off
the table and onto the concrete floor.
Izuku gags - once, twice - swallowing convulsively, but every panicked breath he takes coats
his mouth and throat in the taste and smell of iron. He bends to the side and vomits, tries to
let the sourness overcome his senses because he would prefer to be lost to his own sickness
than someone else’s suffering.
“Can you manifest the wings?” All for One asks, in the same casual tone Izuku’s father uses
to ask after his school work. The quirk is in Izuku’s hands, still and beautiful and tragic, like
a butterfly pinned and mounted behind glass.
“No,” he gasps

“Can you return it?”
“ No. I told you this would happen. I told you my quirk doesn’t work with mutation quirks.”
“That was all just theory,” All for One says dismissively. “Now we know for sure. It’s a
shame, though. Removing a mutation is always a painful process for the subject, but I’ve
never had any difficulties manifesting the quirks myself, or placing them into others.”
“Well. I guess I’m just not as strong as you are.”
“Where is the quirk now, if it is not in you and it is not in the subject?”
“I’m holding it.”
“And if you let go?”
Izuku hesitates. “It’ll be gone.”
“So you can destroy quirks, as well. Fascinating. You know,” All for One says, and by his
tone, Izuku knows that he doesn’t want to know, “in many ways, you are actually stronger
than me. If only you would allow yourself to be.”
“I’m strong enough already,” Izuku says, a tired argument.
“Heroes always need to get stronger,” All for One says, a tired rebuttal.
Of course, Izuku is not ten years old anymore. He knows that he will never be a hero. He
killed that dream months ago. There’s no redemption waiting for him. Only more days in the
warehouse, more quirks stolen, more blood spilt. On the days in between he will play video
games with Tomura and have lessons with Kurogiri and love his father as if nothing is
wrong.
He will never be a hero. He is the villain in his own story. Izuku is twelve years old and he
has more victims than he has ever had friends.
He reaches into his pocket, fingers cold and fumbling, until he finds the alert button there. A
second later, he feels the subtle change in pressure that always accompanies Kurogiri’s
portals and he stands, stumbles two blind steps forward and falls into the bar without ever
having opened his eyes.
“Izuku Shigaraki,” Kurogiri says, standing behind the bar where he spends most of his days,
“is everything alright?”
“I’m fine,” Izuku Midoriya lies. He stands and brushes off his knees as All for One crosses
through the portal behind him.
“Get some rest, my boy,” Izuku’s father says. “I know you must be tired. It will get easier
with time. You did well.”

His father’s pride is a small flame that combats the cold that has settled into Izuku’s bones. It
will keep him warm until the next time Izuku hurts someone, when the cold will settle in
again. Izuku’s life is a constant cycle of freezing and thawing.
Nuclear winter comes after Izuku has been with his father for just over three years.
“Today we are going to the lab,” All for One says just seconds before he and Izuku leave for
the warehouse. The announcement is so short notice that Izuku is still swept away in a wave
of shock when the portal, already open, leads somewhere other than the room he has been
visiting every week for years.
Izuku has known, of course, that the warehouse was bigger than the single room All for One
always brought him to, but any curiosity he may have felt about the rest of the building was
tempered by an equal part dread as to what the place might contain.
And he was right to be afraid. He was so, so right.
There are people on tables, some alive, some not , and some painfully familiar, their faces
already catalogued in Izuku’s mental yearbook of people he has violated. And then there are
the not-quite people that float in massive tubes along the walls, suspended in some sickly
green substance.
Izuku has known that All for One is a villain - that his father is a villain - but he has only
seen bare glimpses of what that actually means. He knew there was more to the warehouse,
but he never imagined anything like this. This is like something out of a cartoon, a nauseating
caricature of human experimentation and mad science. It’s the kind of thing that people see
and say that it’s just an exaggeration, that those kinds of places don’t exist in real life, but
here Izuku is, blinded by too-bright lights, the smell of chemicals searing his nose.
“These,” All for One says grandiosely, with a gesture at the tubes, “are nomu. They’re a
personal project of mine. Each one has multiple quirks. Unfortunately, most people are not
equipped to handle more than one, perhaps two, before their minds start to strain. In all the
years I’ve been working on them, only one retained any intelligence. It’s a bit of a work in
progress. Still, they’re useful tools.”
Already Izuku has a headache, just from standing in the room these few moments. So many
creatures with multiple quirks all twisted together into a tangle that screams gibberish ino
Izuku’s head. It is like staring at flashing lights of a million different colors, like listening to
hundreds of songs layered over one another. He pulls his senses in and tries to block it out.
“Why are you showing me this?” Izuku asks, numbness settling over him to the exclusion of
everything else, until the only thing he can feel is cold sinking into the marrow of his bones.
“Barring the limitations on range, we’ve thoroughly tested your ability to take quirks. Giving
them seems like the logical next path to pursue. I thought you might like to aid in my
experiments.”
“Like to?” Izuku echoes, hollow, like an empty room.

“Well, I would prefer it if you were able to enjoy yourself.”
“And if I can’t?”
“Everyone must do things they don’t want to, at some point or another.”
And so, for the next hour, Izuku tried to give a man a quirk. And he failed. He failed again
and again, until All for One’s seemingly limitless patience began to wear thin, but there was
nothing to be done. Week after week, Izuku tries and fails.
Returning quirks has always been a struggle for Izuku compared to taking them, but he has
mastered the process with time and practice. Forcing a second quirk in where one does not
belong is apparently beyond the limit of his abilities.
Izuku has never been so grateful to be a disappointment.
But ultimately, it does little to alleviate the weight on Izuku’s conscience. He doesn’t make
any of these abominations because he can’t. But if he could, he would. It is by no virtue of
his own that this crime did not get added to Izuku’s ledger.
Weeks later, Izuku, cold inside, sits at the bar. Tomura is in his room, likely playing one game
or another. Izuku’s father is wherever he goes when he’s not at the bar, likely doing things
Izuku doesn’t want to know about. Kurogiri is behind the bar, across from Izuku, cleaning
glasses that haven’t been used, like he always is.
“Izuku Shigaraki,” Kurogiri says after enduring long minutes of silent staring.
Midoriya, Izuku corrects, only inside his head. He hasn’t said his real last name out loud
since he was ten. He is nearly fourteen now.
“You’re a nomu, aren’t you?” is what Izuku says out loud. The repetitive twisting motion of
Kurogiri’s cloth in a tumbler halts. The two stare at each other for a moment.
“I suppose I am,” Kurogiri replies, breaking eye contact to inspect the glass he is holding. It’s
spotless. Kurogiri always keeps everything immaculate.
“You used to be someone else, then.” It’s a statement, not a question, because Izuku has seen
first hand where nomu come from. He’s watched people morph into monsters. He’s seen
quirks tangle together into the same kind of twisted mess that so unsettled Izuku when he first
met Kurogiri.
“Not that I remember.”
“Doesn’t that bother you?” Izuku imagines forgetting Izuku Midoriya, imagines living as
Izuku Shigaraki with no before, and he shudders. Kurogiri scrubs at some smudge that only
he can see.
“Not particularly. I have my role here, and I am happy to fill it. You and Tomura need
someone to care for you, after all.”

“What’s my role here?” Izuku asks impulsively. He is grateful that Kurogiri does not look up,
does not pin him beneath that yellow stare, still scrubbing endlessly at the same clean glass
even as they lapse into an uncomfortably long silence.
“You are your father’s son.”
“W-what if I want to be something else?”
It’s a foolish question to ask and Izuku’s chest aches hearing the words leave his mouth. As
reserved and distant as Kurogiri may be, he is also kind, but Izuku holds no illusions about
his loyalties. Kurogiri serves Izuku’s father and there’s little doubt that he reports anything
questionable Izuku might say. Nothing should be said to Kurogiri that Izuku’s father
shouldn’t know, and Izuku doesn’t particularly want his father to be aware of this question.
The hesitation doesn’t come from fear. Izuku is not afraid of his father. He does sometimes
fear the things All for One may make him do, but he knows his father would never hurt him.
It’s a hesitation born of love. Because Izuku loves his father and Tomura and Kurogiri and he
doesn’t want to leave them. He doesn’t want to leave them, yet simultaneously wants very
badly to be anything other than his father’s son. He wants to be somewhere else, be someone
else, and he loves them all so much that the wanting of anything else hurts like a betrayal.
Kurogiri turns away, placing his glass down among the rows of others just like it. They clink
softly against each other as Izuku buries his face in his arms and struggles not to cry. Kurogiri
stays facing the wall, picks up another glass that squeaks as it is shined. A tear drips onto the
bar and Izuku wipes it up with the corner of his sleeve, not wanting to leave behind
watermarks that Kurogiri will need to clean away.
Izuku has just stood, resigned to the fact that foolish questions don’t justify answers when,
softer than Izuku has ever heard him speak, Kurogiri says, “Then I hope, for your sake, you
manage to leave this place.”
The response is like a bolt of lightning, rattling Izuku’s bones, making his teeth tingle and his
hair stand on end. He stands for a moment, swaying as his knees decide whether or not they
will continue to support him, then flees the bar as soon as he is steady enough. Kurogiri
doesn’t turn back to face him.
Leave, Izuku thinks, like a dirty word he only grants audience to in his dreams, as he
stumbles into the doorway on his way out.
Leave, Izuku thinks, as he presses his back against the door of his bedroom. Leave . This
time, it sounds almost like a prayer.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
All for One’s A+ parenting - emotional manipulation, forced quirk training
Slight body horror - Izuku steals a mutation quirk
Vomiting
Depression - not explicitly stated, but Izuku is having a hard time
Human experimentation - nomu, not graphic
AFO: What, when Inko wants to kill for our son she’s an amazing mother, but when I
actually DO it, I’m a bad dad?
Kurogiri: Sir, you killed the boy’s mother.
AFO: Your point? I swear, these double standards are insane.
The outline: Tomura hates Izuku and Izuku is afraid of Tomura
The fic: BrOtHeRs
Tomura: I am going to kill you
Izuku: But then who would you beat at Mario Kart?
Tomura: …Okay, you can live, but you’re on thin fucking ice
Next Chapter: Erasure (f i n a l l y)
Complete, update: Nov 12
Likely part 1/???
Fair warning that I might struggle to get this one done in time. 14k was a lot to do in a
week and I'm SUPPOSED to be preparing a research paper for publication, so we'll see.
I’ll do my best!
((Ignore past me, he doesn't know shit, I finished it))

Chapter 5: Erasure - Part I
Chapter Notes

No CWs this time (: Nothing to worry about ((: Everything is fine (((:
I think Erasure is probably going to be three parts. If it becomes four, god help me, I am
going to hurl myself off a wave-ravaged cliff and become one with the sea and you shall
never hear from me again.
This one is a little bit slower, but hopefully not TOO slow
Also - up until now, I have been trying to reply to most/all comments, to show my
appreciation. But it's a lot to keep up with and replying makes me anxious, so from now
on I'll only be replying to some. I still read and love every comment I get, though!! They
feed the writing machine

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Hisashi knocks on Tomura’s door fairly late at night, though late means very little to his
ward, who keeps whatever hours he likes. Three short, polite raps against the wood and
Hisashi waits, listening as Tomura pauses whatever game he was playing.
“What do you want, Kuro-” Tomura starts as he swings the door open, but he trails off when
he sees Hisashi waiting.
While the boy blinks - likely surprised, since Hisashi hasn’t visited his room in at least a
couple of years - Hisashi inspects the room behind him. It’s dark, lit by the television screen
and a lamp by the bed, and tidier than Hisashi would have expected from a boy of Tomura’s
nature, with only some clothes scattered about the floor and a few empty drinks on the
television stand.
“The brat’s not here,” Tomura says once he recovers.
“I know,” Hisashi replies. He doesn’t bother with a charming smile, sure Tomura would see
right through it and not appreciate the effort. “Izuku is in his own room, hopefully sleeping,
given the hour. I’m here for you, Tomura.” Tomura tips his head to the side slightly, attentive,
eyes shining the way they always do when Hisashi gives him his full attention.
“What do you need?”
“Are you ready to change the world, Tomura?”
“I’m ready to turn it to ash.”

“Excellent. I know just where to begin.”
Hisashi takes Tomura to his office and explains his idea, listening to the boy’s suggestions
and allowing him to think that he has contributed to the development of a plan that Hisashi
has been crafting for years. When they part for the night, Tomura has his instructions and a
fresh hunger for action.
The boy grins, vicious and unhinged, just as Hisashi made him to be.

When Tomura is twenty years old, Sensei asks him if he’s ready to change the world.
Generally speaking, Sensei does not seek Tomura out. It is an unspoken rule that, while
Sensei will check in with him when their paths cross, he will not go even remotely out of his
way to gain Tomura’s company. And if that stings, Tomura just applies himself more
diligently to his training, growing stronger and smarter, absorbing everything Sensei tells
him. A model pupil.
Now it has all paid off and the moment that Tomura has been waiting for - has been raised
for - is finally here. He is going to grab the single pillar their society is so foolishly built upon
with all five fingers and watch as everything comes crashing down around him. All eyes will
be on Tomura, and no one will ignore him or forget about him ever again.
He’ll show them.
He’s going to change the world.
It all starts and ends with All Might. That stupid, smiling face that inescapably saturates the
whole of Japan, bathing the privileged in a false sense of security and mocking the oppressed
with the impossible notion of salvation. Sensei has always hated All Might most of all and he
is trusting Tomura to be his executioner.
Tomura won’t disappoint.
He gives himself a critical once over in the mirror. He doesn’t look anything like himself, but
that’s the point. His hair is cleaned and straightened, soft and smooth in a way he doesn’t
normally bother to pursue. With his bangs pinned back, his face is open, which makes him
look younger and more harmless than he is. He’s put makeup over the scar on his mouth and
around his eyes, disguising the worst of his complexion. Already, his skin feels tight and
irritated, but it’s a small price to pay to achieve an unassuming appearance.
The kicker is the uniform. It’s by far the worst part of the whole disguise, but also the most
necessary. He looks terrible in it, he thinks. The collar presses too tight and stiff against the
abrasions on his neck, the tie makes him feel like he is choking, and the blazer makes him
look thin and weedy, but nonetheless, he looks like a third year UA student. With so many

children in so many courses, Tomura doubts that anyone, except maybe their rat principal,
could identify an individual student as an imposter.
“Wow,” Izuku says as Tomura, satisfied enough with his appearance, enters the bar. “Who are
you and what have you done with the NEET that’s supposed to live here?”
Tomura rolls his eyes and clenches his jaw. “Shut up, brat, or I’ll pull your teeth out while
you sleep.”
Paling slightly, Izuku grimaces and scrunches up his nose. “I think I’d wake up if you did
that.”
“Oh my god,” Tomura groans, “shut up. Kurogiri, you’d better be ready.”
The man in question nods. “Of course, Shigaraki Tomura.”
A sharp look quells any further comments from the brat, allowing Tomura to step through the
portal Kurogiri conjures without an accompaniment of snark. He’s deposited in an alley just a
couple of blocks from campus, casually walking the rest of the way as if he is just another
student returning to classes after a break. He sees a handful of others in similar uniforms,
walking alone or in small groups, and keeps his distance from them but an eye on them.
As anticipated, reporters swarm the front gates like flies at a carcass, voices buzzing together
into a dull drone that increases in pitch as they catch sight of the two students walking a ways
in front of Tomura. They descend on the fools in an instant, asking questions that overlap into
obscurity, barring All Might’s name which is always clearly audible, repeated again and
again. One of the students welcomes the attention, despite their companion’s visible
exasperation, and Tomura takes the distraction as the opportunity it is. He strolls past the
group, inconspicuous, and lays a hand on the school’s gate until it’s nothing but rubble and a
gaping hole in the wall. Once the job is done, only a matter of seconds, Tomura steps over the
debris and onto UA grounds.
There are cameras everywhere, but Tomura pays them little mind. Sensei, he’s sure, is taking
care of those. All Tomura needs to do is find the teachers’ lounge and steal a schedule, doing
his best to draw minimal attention as he does. So long as he’s not caught in the act, he doesn’t
have to worry overly much about being seen. Afterall, the plan is for everyone to know
exactly who he is sooner rather than later.
The alarms begin to blare shortly after Tomura enters the building and he resists the urge to
claw at his neck, suffocated as it is by fabric. Blood on his shirt collar would surely draw the
wrong kind of attention. Instead, he ducks his head into his shoulders and quickens his pace,
eyes skimming over the plaques next to each door to find the room he is looking for.
Those students that weren’t in the cafeteria during lunchtime rush around him in variable
directions, and Tomura scoffs internally at the idea that these children are supposedly the best
Japan has to offer. Brightest minds, strongest wills, always pushing themselves to go above
and beyond, “plus ultra” and whatever other bullshit they like to shout at the top of their
lungs. Yet here they are, running around like chickens with their heads cut off at the slightest

commotion. None of them even glance at Tomura, the real threat they should be running
from, too absorbed by mindless panic. It’s laughably pathetic.
The biggest resistance he faces finding the teachers’ lounge and slipping inside is the
convoluted layout of the building itself. Whatever heroes were meant to be in the room have
dispersed, most likely trying to contain the media that is no doubt swarming onto campus.
Tomura closes the door softly behind himself, scanning the room for what he needs.
Half of one wall is taken up by a white board, which is covered partially in some teacher shit
that Tomura couldn’t care less about and partially in crappy doodles and responding
messages - mostly telling others not to draw on the board or to at least draw well, if they do.
There’s a schedule in the top left corner of the board, pinned there by a neon pink magnet
shaped like a cat head.
It’s for the entire month, with the later dates mostly blank, save for the marking of large
events, like “SPORTS FESTIVAL,” which is scrawled in all caps across three days at the
very end of the month. Tomura already knows exactly when the sports festival is, of course.
Izuku insists they watch it every year, and Tomura can’t deny that the event provides valuable
insight on the future of the hero industry.
The current week, though, is filled out in detail. People, places, times, lessons - it’s all written
and presented in a perfectly organized, if cramped, format. Tomura pulls his phone out to
snap a picture, immediately checking the result to make sure that everything is legible
through the screen. Satisfied, he presses his alert button twice in quick succession and steps
through Kurogiri’s portal when it opens a second later, walking back into the bar triumphant.
In all, it takes Tomura less than ten minutes to retrieve the information he is going to use to
kill the symbol of peace.

Izuku is not sure exactly what is going on, but he knows enough to be scared. He knows that
Tomura infiltrated UA earlier that day, he knows Tomura returned with a smug grin on his
face, and he knows that Tomura disappeared into Izuku’s father’s office as soon as he
returned and has been in there for nearly an hour. Izuku knows that All Might supposedly
began teaching at UA just days ago. Izuku knows that All for One has plans and does not
hesitate to move people about like pawns. Izuku knows that Tomura would do anything All
for One asked him to.
Here is the scariest thing Izuku knows: Tomura wants to change the world. That’s what he
says, anyway. More accurately, he wants to destroy it. Destruction is the only type of change
Tomura understands.
The longer All for One and Tomura are alone behind closed doors, the more nervous Izuku
gets. It happens rarely, but he has never liked when Tomura and his father speak alone.
Afterwards, Tomura is always slightly more manic, his grin becomes a weapon instead of a

smile, and everything he says is just a verbatim repeat of things that All for One has said to
Izuku over and over on their days in the warehouse.
Years of living together have killed any fear Izuku might have originally felt towards Tomura,
but in those moments, Izuku is scared again. Though it is less a fear of and more a fear for .
Fear mixed with a deep, aching sadness.
Sometimes Izuku wishes that he could be somewhere else, but it’s a silly thing to wish. He is
safe here, taken care of, loved. He is even happy, some days. This place, his home, may not
be perfect, but there is nowhere else in the world that could be better for someone like him.
Always Izuku wishes that Tomura could be somewhere else. Because Tomura isn’t safe, or
taken care of, or loved the way he should be. Izuku doesn’t think he’s ever seen Tomura
happy. Even when he gets close, there is always an anger inside him that never goes away.
Izuku doesn’t know if there’s a better place in the world for someone like Tomura. If
anything, he thinks it’s more likely that there’s not, because he’s painfully aware of the fact
that people like Tomura, people who slip through the cracks, are easier to abandon than they
are to save.
Izuku cannot be saved because he’s not in danger, but Tomura? Tomura needs it, even if he
doesn’t want it. For fifteen years, Tomura has been told to be angry and now that’s nearly all
he is. Izuku loves his father, but Tomura deserves better than to be a pawn and an
afterthought. Tomura is not quite Izuku’s brother, but he occupies the same space Izuku
thinks a sibling might, someone Izuku simultaneously loves dearly and can’t stand, and the
idea of Tomura lost and hurt and never getting better keeps him awake at night.
After two hours, during which Izuku grows increasingly more anxious, Tomura comes to
Izuku’s room. He doesn’t knock, just swings the door open and waltzes in like he owns the
place, throwing himself down on Izuku’s bed and forcing Izuku to either move his legs or
risk getting sat on. Tomura grins - the small, dangerous one that is Izuku’s second least
favorite.
He is still in the UA uniform, though it’s in disarray now, tie and blazer both discarded
somewhere, shirt untucked and several buttons undone. The makeup around his eyes has
smudged away in places, revealing red skin, more flaky and irritated than usual. Likewise, his
neck is in a state, covered in a mix of raised red welts and shallow grooves that have left little
red-brown splotches over his shirt collar. Izuku frowns, seeing it.
“You need to wash your face,” he says, “and clean those scratches. You’re going to get an
infection. I had Kurogiri get you a new type of skin cream, did you see? It’s supposed to be
soothing and the reviews were all really good, so it might help.”
“Really?” Tomura asks. “I broke into UA like two hours ago - the number one hero school in
the country, where the actual number one hero is newly employed, on top of dozens of other
pros - and you want to ask me about skin cream? ”
“Well, you clearly need some, so it seemed relevant.”

“That’s not important!”
“Yes it is!” Izuku argues, standing from the bed and dodging Tomura’s leg when the older
boy kicks at him. “You have a skin condition! That’s important!”
“Not compared to changing the world, it’s not! Oh, come on, where are you going? I actually
need to talk to you, you brat!”
Tomura groans as Izuku leaves the room and Izuku hears the bed squeak behind him as
Tomura stands to follow. He dogs Izuku’s footsteps - with a litany of protests and constantly
rolling eyes - as Izuku leads the way to the bathroom. The room is too small for both of them
to move around comfortably, but Tomura obediently seats himself on the closed toilet seat
while Izuku retrieves a soft cloth from one of the cabinets.
“I can do this myself, you know,” Tomura grumbles as Izuku runs the rag under some warm
water.
“Maybe you can, but you’ve made it clear that you won’t.”
“Because it’s stupid and I have more important things to worry about than a rash and some
scrapes.”
“What was that? Because you’re a smelly gamer manchild with no concept of self care? Got
it.” Tomura scowls and Izuku slaps him in the face none too gently with the wet cloth.
“Whoops. Whatever it is you need from me, you can tell me now.” Tomura squints his eyes
shut, grimacing as Izuku scrubs at the skin under his eyes, but offers no further protests.
“I need - get that cloth out of my mouth, brat - I need you to do some research for me. Hero
stuff, right in your skill set.”
“Who?”
“Eraserhead and Thirteen.”
Izuku frowns. “I know about Thirteen. Primarily a rescue hero. Quirk: Black Hole. Allows
them to suck in matter, namely rubble at disaster sites, and turn it to dust. The quirk itself is
highly dangerous since it applies to any matter, not just debris, and requires Thirteen to
exercise tight control at all times to avoid unwanted damage to persons or property.” Izuku
clears his throat to cut off his own mumbling. “Not entirely dissimilar to Decay, actually. But
I’ve never heard of Eraserhead.”
“Beats me. You’re the nerd, here. If they’re a hero, it shouldn’t be that hard to find info on
them. I just need an idea of their stats.” Finished with Tomura’s face, Izuku moves on to the
scratches on his neck. Despite his earlier insistence that he neither needed nor wanted Izuku’s
help, Tomura bends his head slightly to the side in accommodation.
“Why?” Izuku asks. Tomura’s smile becomes dangerous again.
“We’ve got a plan, Sensei and I. I’m gonna kill All Might.”

Izuku freezes, ice rushing through his veins. Every thought flees his mind except Tomura’s
words, which echo around in the sudden emptiness of his skull. Tomura was going to - he
thought he was going to “Kill All Might?” Izuku repeats, weakly. “As in Japan’s number one hero? The man lauded as
the symbol of peace because he’s so outrageously powerful that he single handedly decreased
crime rates across the nation? That All Might?” His voice rises in pitch as he rambles, his
final question breathy and embarrassingly squeaky.
“Again, you’re the nerd, here. I’d have thought you’d know who All Might is.” Tomura’s
accompanying smile is teasing, but still too sharp, vicious, like he is baring his teeth to rip
someone’s throat out.
“How do you plan to do that?”
“No one is invincible. Sensei says he’s been getting weaker lately, so it’s the perfect time to
strike.”
Izuku has noticed that, too. Well, not that All Might has gotten weaker, per say, but that he
has been appearing less and less frequently in the news. Diminishing strength wasn’t an
unreasonable conclusion to draw from there. Izuku has been careful to not so much as hint at
what he has observed during his conversations with All for One in the warehouse - All Might
is a frequent subject of discussion - but the man must have noticed, anyway. All for One
doesn’t have quite the knack for quirk analysis that Izuku does, but he is observant in his own
right. Izuku shouldn’t be so surprised.
“Even a weaker All Might is a force to be reckoned with, Tomura,” Izuku warns.
Whatever the plan is, Izuku is sure that it’s foolish. Even if the plan is a good one, Izuku’s
father telling Tomura, who took All for One’s word as gospel, that All Might is weak was a
mistake. No doubt it will lead to overconfidence, and that will increase the odds that Tomura
is captured or injured on top of failing his mission. And Izuku is almost certain that he will
fail. Weaker or not, All Might will not go gentle into the night.
As if to prove Izuku’s worries, Tomura doesn’t seem concerned in the slightest as he
responds, “I’ve got a secret weapon, special made, just for him.” A nomu, then. Probably
strong, fast, and durable if All for One is setting it against All Might. But nomu, as powerful
as they can be, are blunt instruments and not well suited to difficult jobs.
“And what do Eraserhead and Thirteen have to do with this?”
“Two days from now, UA’s class 1-A is going to be having ‘rescue training’ at some place
called the USJ. Probably not Universal Studios Japan -”
“Unforseen Simulation Joint.”
“Sure, whatever you say, nerd . Anyway, All Might is going to be there, but so are
‘Eraserhead’ and ‘Thirteen.’” Tomura sneers around the names. “That’s what the schedule I

found said, anyway. Sensei’s getting me some cannon fodder, but it’s still best to know the
enemy lineup. Wouldn’t want to get wiped out before the final boss, after all.”
Tomura is grinning crookedly, wicked and playful in a way that makes Izuku want to scream.
He wants to grab Tomura by the shoulders and shake him until everything that has been
planted in his head rattles loose, wants to yell in his face that this is not a game . They don’t
have multiple lives. There are no save points. They can’t test different strategies until they
find the one that works. They can’t turn off the console when things get rough and pretend
they were never going to lose.
This is real life. When people lose, they are lost . And they don’t come back.
But Izuku can’t just say that. He can’t say any of that because Tomura will just get upset. So
Izuku grits his teeth, swallows his words down even when they threaten to choke him, and
remembers what his father is always teaching them.
The power of words comes from the person listening, not the person speaking. This makes
them unreliable. True power lies in action. Everyone has a problem with something - the
people who shape the world are those who do something about it .
And Izuku will do whatever he needs to do. This will not end poorly for them. He will not
allow it.
But first, he has things to research.
“Two days, you said?” he double checks, mind already racing.
“Yep. That enough for you?”
“Of course. No games tomorrow night, though.”
“Lame,” Tomura draws out the word, but doesn’t harp on it like he normally would.
Done tending to Tomura’s neck and done talking, Izuku goes to leave the bathroom. Passing
by the sink, he snatches up the bottle of medicinal skin cream and tosses it to Tomura, who
tries to catch it between his wrists but fumbles it and glares as it clatters to the floor.
“Use it,” Izuku orders. Tomura rolls his eyes, but bends down to pick the bottle up as Izuku
leaves.
Back in his bedroom, Izuku sits at his desk with a notebook open in front of him and his
laptop off to the side, several tabs of videos, articles, and forums open as he scribbles down
his findings.
At the moment, he has two pages of notes on Thirteen - their quirk, their fighting style, their
personality, strengths, weaknesses; the fundamentals. They are easy to get information on,
and unlikely to be a problem during the attack. Certainly, they are powerful, but they have
limited combat experience and are extremely hesitant to use their quirk offensively - or even
defensively against another person - because of how volatile it can be. About Thirteen, he is
well informed and they’ll be well prepared.

He has nothing at all on Eraserhead.
No, that’s not entirely true. Izuku has found two short, grainy videos of the hero in action,
both taken from a distance and in the dark. The number of concrete conclusions he can draw
from them is minimal. Eraserhead is an underground hero - which Izuku had suspected the
moment he failed to recognize the name - and a good one at that. Problem being, that while
daylight heroes tend to become better known the better they are at their jobs, underground
heroes do the opposite. In the underground, the best of the best are practically ghosts to the
civilian world.
Eraserhead must be very good.
Izuku runs a hand through his hair, tugging at it slightly as he mumbles under his breath. Fact
of the matter is, the information must be out there somewhere. He just needs to figure out
how to find it. He can’t just leave it. It’s bad enough that there’s going to be twenty
unidentified hero students on site, with who knows what kind of wild quirks. Izuku refuses to
have an actual pro hero unaccounted for. Tomura will end up dead.
Likely, there are more videos of Eraserhead somewhere online. Even in the dead of night or
earliest hours of the morning, people are always eager to record any type of scuffle they see.
But if those people don’t know that the person they are looking at is Eraserhead and don’t
mark the videos as such, Izuku has no way of finding them. Searching generic terms like
“underground hero” will get him more results than he could ever dig through, especially with
only two days. It’s like looking for a needle in a haystack. All Izuku has to work with is a
name, and - just his luck - it’s the name of a ghost .
Except. Except that’s not actually all he has to work with, is it? Eraserhead is going to be
helping with rescue training at the USJ in two days. Thirteen, as far as Izuku knows, is not
employed by UA, but he never questioned their presence on the schedule. A rescue hero to
help with rescue training. It makes sense. And All Might - according to all the news outlets,
he’s supposedly teaching heroics, so it makes sense for him to be there, too. So who the hell
is Eraserhead and why is an underground hero overseeing 1-A’s rescue training?
Grinning with relief that he can only hope is not premature, Izuku opens a new tab on his
computer and goes to UA’s website. Sure enough, there’s a tab for faculty and staff. Not
much information is given - just headshots, names (either hero or civilian, but never both),
and their job(s). It seems like a dubious security decision for such a prestigious institution to
give any away information at all, but Izuku won’t complain.
He recognizes fewer people than he expected, though he supposes he shouldn’t be surprised,
given that UA employs a fair number of civilians and not just the pro heroes that everyone
loves to talk about. He scans quickly over the page, searching for anyone who resembles the
vague figure from the videos. Twice he thinks maybe he’s found them, but the first was listed
as an administrative assistant and the second, upon further investigation, was actually based
out of Tokyo and commuted occasionally to give lectures or practical demonstrations.
Then there is Aizawa Shouta. He’s a tired looking man with long black hair and scruff along
his chin, looking distinctly like he would rather be anywhere else than having his photo
taken, including dead. He matches the figure in the videos well enough - in that all Izuku can

really say for sure from those is that Eraserhead has hair that is some shade of dark and not
short. Listed under his name is a combination of several positions and courses, more than is
listed for most other staff members. Aizawa is, apparently, a coordinator, an advisor, the
teacher of “Law and Ethics,” and finally, blessedly , the last bullet point: “Homeroom: Class
1-A.”
Eraserhead was going to be at the USJ with 1-A because he was their homeroom teacher.
Aizawa Shouta is Eraserhead.
At this point, Izuku is relieved to have found anything on the man, but he still feels an
amount of dread at the work he has left to do. Eraserhead’s civilian name tells Izuku nothing
about his quirk or fighting style and it’s unlikely that there are many videos of Eraserhead in
action that would be associated with “Aizawa Shouta” instead of his hero alias. Sure enough,
a generic search of the name gives far too many results and no immediately useful ones.
Pulling at his lower lip with one hand, Izuku opens a new tab and types in an address that
auto-completes after only a few letters for how often he visits it. The UA Sports Festival
Database. It’s a long shot, but also the best one Izuku has.
For Aizawa to be in the database, he’ll need to have gone to UA. It’s likely enough, given
that most of the hero faculty at the school were also alumni, as far as Izuku could tell, but it’s
still far from a guarantee. And even if he did go to UA, the only reliable way to find him in a
database that contained thousands of clips would be if he made it to the final event of the
festival. Only the third event, the one on one matches, were catalogued with the names of the
participants. Clips from other rounds were listed with the name of the event and the year, due
to the large number of students involved.
What are the odds that Eraserhead, an underground hero who has almost completely escaped
media and civilian attention alike, not only attended UA but also had both the skill and the
desire to make it into the final sixteen of one of the most highly televised sporting events in
the country? Slim, Izuku would be willing to bet. But it’s the best lead he has, and it doesn’t
hurt to check, so Izuku holds his breath and pecks the characters of Aizawa’s name into the
search bar with crossed fingers.
Five videos pop up. All four rounds of the one on one matches and the final awards
ceremony, all with the name “Aizawa Shouta” somewhere in the title. Izuku could cry.
It’s still not ideal. The videos are from nearly fifteen years ago and the hero has no doubt
changed since then. But Izuku should at least be able to figure out what his quirk is and with
that additional context, he may be able to garner some additional information from the more
recent clips, as poor quality as they are.
Izuku clicks on the first match. Aizawa - younger, smooth faced, and with shorter hair, but
looking no more rested fifteen years ago - walks onto the field and the announcers make a big
deal of the fact that he is, apparently, a member of class 1-D, the only student in general
studies to make it to the final event of the festival that year. One of the filming drones flies
closer to his face, showing the steely determination in the set of his jaw, his expression
intense and intimidating in a way that is out of place on such a young face. His opponent
enters from the other side, a blonde boy with headphones over his ears, who waves easily as

the crowd cheers, and Izuku is fairly certain that that is Present Mic, even before the
announcers introduce him as Yamada Hizashi from class 1-A.
The match, once it begins, is over in less than two minutes. Yamada opens his mouth,
presumably to scream, and nothing comes out. He falters, distracted by surprise as he brings a
hand to his lips and mouths something inaudible. Aizawa is on him in moments, eyes red,
hair floating around his face. He is brutal and efficient in his take-down and Yamada, caught
off guard and likely unpracticed with such close combat, doesn’t stand a chance.
At the beginning of the second match, Izuku’s suspicions are confirmed by the announcers. It
is careless of UA to not only broadcast their sport festivals on live television but to also
actively explain the quirks of their students, but they have been doing it for decades. They
call Aizawa’s quirk Erasure, and apparently it allows him to temporarily erase the quirks of
others, apt, given his chosen hero name.
He takes down his second and third opponents with the same unrelenting speed as the first.
Even knowing his quirk, there is a moment of unbalanced surprise when they find themselves
unable to use their own, and Aizawa doesn’t hesitate to take advantage of that, striking hard
and fast before they have a chance to recover.
In the final round, Aizawa loses. His opponent, a boy with cloud-like pale blue hair named
Shirakumo Oboro, practically bounces into the ring. Like before, Aizawa activates his quirk
and closes in in an instant, but Shirakumo seems more experienced with close-quarter
quirkless combat than the others before him, showing clear signs of martial arts training. The
two exchange a series of blocks and blows until Shirakumo slips around behind Aizawa.
Eraserhead - or more accurately, the boy who will become Eraserhead - spins around, but a
cloud, thick and white, forms around his head before the two students are face to face.
Shirakumo disables him rather quickly, after that.
Eraserhead’s quirk must be line-of-sight, then, with no lingering effects after deactivation.
Shirakumo had access to his own quirk instantaneously, and he made a point to cover
Aizawa’s eyes for the rest of their fight.
Erasure, Izuku decides, is a fascinating quirk. He already has so many questions. Could
Aizawa erase mutant type quirks? If he erased a transformation quirk while a person was in a
secondary form, would they morph back or be stuck? Could people tell that their quirks had
been erased when they weren’t actively trying to use them? How would it interact with a
quirk like Izuku’s own? Would it erase everything Izuku has stolen or a random one or only
the base ability to take and give?
What would happen if he erased a quirk that was keeping someone alive?
Izuku’s pencil snaps against the page of his notebook, a dark, jagged line of graphite
interrupting his scrawling speculations. He closes his notebook and pushes it far away from
him, looking at his laptop where the clip of the awards ceremony is paused on a shot of
Aizawa with a silver medal, looking proud and defiant and in desperate need of a nap.
It is obvious from the way Aizawa fights that his quirk is just an enabler, an equalizer. His
body is the weapon, and his strength and skill are hard fought and trained, not genetic

blessings. But could Erasure itself be weaponized?
There is nothing wrong with asking, Izuku tells himself, bringing his feet up into his chair
and wrapping shaking arms around his knees. He’s just curious, and curiosity is a good thing.
There is nothing wrong with having an inquisitive mind. Knowledge is power, after all. It’s
all just theoretical, just a thought exercise. Izuku doesn’t even know if Erasure would work
that way, and even if it did, it’s not like he was going to do anything about it.
Except he is supposed to do things, isn’t he? Thinking about something and doing nothing is
a waste of potential.
Izuku squeezes his eyes shut. His head hurts, his chest hurts, he can’t breathe, he can’t think
straight. He opens his eyes and Aizawa Shouta is still grinning victoriously on his screen.
Aizawa, he was in general education, but he didn’t want to be, he wanted to be a hero, so he
did something about it . He placed in the sports festival, nearly won, and he graduated from
the hero course and became the underground hero, Eraserhead, who Izuku is gathering
information on so Tomura doesn’t die while he’s trying to kill All Might.
Now Eraserhead might die because of Izuku and Izuku doesn’t want to hurt anyone, he has
never wanted to hurt anyone, and he definitely doesn’t want anyone to die, but what is he
meant to do about that?
Because there will always be more people for Izuku to hurt. There is an endless line from
week to week, faces that are never given names, quirks that are taken from their owners.
Even if the USJ goes well, what about the next thing? He's not solving anything but the short
term problem, and the real issue, the long term one is-Once, Izuku had tried to kill the problem his father.
No, that wasn’t true. Yes it was. Izuku hadn’t wanted to hurt him. He wanted it to be painless.
He was just curious. He had hoped it would work.
Izuku’s father relies on a combination of dozens and dozens of quirks, many of them
redundant, to stay alive. Izuku had just been curious as to what would happen if he took one.
That’s all. So he had tried, just to see, but it hadn’t worked. He can't take quirks from his
father, as it turns out. Apparently, there is honor among thieves.
Izuku stands. It is late. He is tired and his eyes burn. He turns off the light, lays in bed, and
stares up at the ceiling, but without any windows, the room is so pitch black that it is like he
is staring at nothing at all.
Once, Izuku had tried to kill his father, and afterwards, he cried for hours because he never
should have tried in the first place. This time, he does not cry. He feels cold and sick as he
considers it, but he does not cry.
It’s only theoretical, he tells himself.
Just a thought exercise.

UA is different from Aldera. Obviously. Katsuki would have been pretty fucking
disappointed if it wasn’t, considering what a shit show his middle school had been, but UA is
different in ways Katsuki didn’t fully anticipate.
There’s the teachers, for one thing. His homeroom teacher is some kind of disgusting yellow
caterpillar that metamorphosizes several times a day into some even more disgusting hobobutterfly-bullshit. Then his heroics teacher is literally All Might, the number one hero, the
Symbol of Peace, himself. It's a pretty stark contrast. Katsuki can’t help but wonder how bad
that hiring decision hurt hobo-sensei’s ego.
And then there’s the classmates. Katsuki had hoped that he’d finally be able to find some
actual, quality people at UA, but somehow his new “peers” are worse than his old stalkers.
They’re obnoxious slackers for the most part. Half of them don’t know how to use their damn
quirks properly and almost none of them have bothered with learning how to fight despite
constantly and loudly proclaiming how much they want to fight villains for a living.
And finally, the classes. Man, the classes. Katsuki is torn.
The good parts are even better than he expected. The first few days set his expectations high.
First with the quirk apprehension test, finally being able to let loose and give something his
all. Katsuki blew it out of the water, of fucking course, no matter what the damned rankings
said. Then the battle trials, led by All Might - by All fucking Might himself - and a chance to
finally blow up something bigger than a baseball. And something that fought back.
Not that Round Face and her no-name partner really gave Katsuki much of a fight. The girl’s
quirk is okay, he supposes. She’s one of his halfway-decent classmates when it comes to skill,
but Katsuki is a force of fucking nature, thank you very much. He could have crushed them
even without the asshole Glasses’ so-called “help.”
But the bad parts, Katsuki is learning today, are also far shittier than he expected.
Being crammed into a bus with all the extras while they ramble on about quirks or whatever
other bullshit was bad enough. Katsuki had been content to sit next to Earlobes - who hadn’t
done anything to impress him but hadn’t completely pissed him off yet, either - and mind his
own business, because he actually knew how to fucking do that, unlike most of 1-A. Pikachu
had to go starting fights, though. Actually, Frog Face started it, but considering that Pikachu
couldn’t even use his own quirk without turning into a drooling dunce, he’s the one Katsuki
really wants to punch.
So, yeah, Katsuki is in a bad mood and at the end of the ride, they don’t even get to do
anything cool. No, they’re at the USJ for fucking rescue training .
Rescue training. It’s bullshit. Not even a week of classes and already Katsuki can’t wait until
third year, when they would get to take specialized courses based on the type of hero they

planned to be. Some of these extras clearly need the guidance of the first few years, to figure
out what they want to do and how to even use their damn quirks in the first place, but Katsuki
already knows on both counts.
And he sure as shit isn’t going to be any kind of rescue hero , that’s for fucking certain.
Round Face or whoever is interested in it can knock themselves out if rescue is what gets
them off, but Katsuki couldn’t care less. Someone else, someone weaker, can worry about
dragging civilians out of rubble while Katsuki takes care of the real problem.
He doesn’t need to listen to some astronaut cosplayer lecture him on how dangerous quirks
can be. His hands explode. He’s well aware that he can fuck shit up if he wants to - that’s
kind of the point . They can tell him how important it is not to hurt people but it’s bullshit and
anyone with half a brain knows it.
Sure, Katsuki’s not going to go around attacking strangers on the street - fuck off, he’s not a
rabid animal - but he wants to be a hero and hurting people , albeit villains, is literally the job
description. The best heroes are strong; strong enough to hurt people, so they can protect
themselves and take down the villains. That’s what strength is for.
When a portal opens in the center of the plaza before training can even begin, it feels like the
universe is agreeing with him.
Here, it says, have something to hit.
And Katsuki thinks in return, about fucking time.

Chapter End Notes

Calm before the storm ((((:
Also, I am aware that Thirteen canonically works at UA, but in this AU they're just a
consultant, because I said so. As in, I didn't KNOW they worked at UA until after I
wrote that they didn't and I didn't want to fix it.
Next chapter: Erasure - Part II
Update: Nov. 19
Tomura @ AFO: I would literally die for you
AFO: Kill for me, instead.
Izuku: So we’re going to go to the USJ?
Tomura: That’s the plan.
Izuku: And kill All Might?
Tomura: Yep.
Izuku: Just like that?

Tomura: Uh huh.
Izuku: Well when you put it like that, what could possibly go wrong!

Chapter 6: Erasure - Part II
Chapter Notes

CWs in end notes!
This chapter is a little bit odd, you've been warned. I like it, but for some reason, posting
it feels like abandoning a baby on the stoop of an orphanage in the dead of night.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“You can’t come.”
“What do you mean I can’t come?!” Izuku demands, snatching back the notebook he had just
handed to Tomura.
“I mean you can’t come. I’m going. You’re staying. It’s a simple concept, brat. Now give me
the notes.”
Shaking his head, Izuku clutches the book defensively to his chest. “Maybe I’ll give you the
notes when you give me one good reason I can’t come.”
“Sensei doesn’t want you to,” Tomura says simply, holding his hand out.
“That’s a bad reason!”
“Well, bad is in the eye of the beholder or whatever.”
“That’s not the saying and you know it.”
“Maybe so. You know what I really want to know, though? Who the hell Eraserhead is. Notes
- now.”
“Say please.”
The minute narrowing of Tomura’s eyes is the only warning Izuku gets before the older boy
lunges. Izuku yells, dropping to the ground to avoid Tomura’s grasping hands and curling up
around the notebook. As it is, with all his limbs cocooned around the book, Tomura can’t get
to it without dedicating himself to a pretty high degree of manhandling - and if he does that,
he’ll have no way of being certain that he won’t accidentally touch Izuku with all five
fingers. Based on Tomura’s exaggeratedly long groan, he’s come to the same conclusion.
“Why do you want to go so bad, anyway?” he asks petulantly.

“Lots of reasons,” Izuku responds, voice slightly muffled from where his knees are folded up
by his mouth. “I want to see everyone in action, I want to analyze their quirks, I want to see if
I can figure out how far my quirk awareness can stretch. Besides, it’s stupid to face a raid
boss alone. I’m your player two.”
Tomura sighs. “Sensei doesn’t want people knowing about you.”
Izuku hears Tomura sit down somewhere else in the room and uncurls from his ball, rolling to
sit on the floor. He tucks the notebook under his butt, just in case Tomura is trying to lure him
into a false sense of security.
“No one has to know I’m there,” Izuku says.
“Oh?” Tomura asks, sarcastic. “And how exactly are you going to escape the notice of the
nearly two dozen people we will be attacking?”
“I have a quirk for that. No one will notice me if I don’t call attention to myself.”
Wallflower is one of the first quirks Izuku stole, back before he got so many that it became
impractical to keep naming them all. It’s one of his favorites - though he feels guilty for
having favorites at all - and he frequently uses it to move around the bar without anyone
noticing him when he’s not in the mood for conversation.
Tomura hums. “It would be nice to have you there,” he admits. “And hey, maybe you could
steal a couple of quirks from those hero brats while we’re at it. That would serve them right.”
“No,” Izuku says a touch too quickly, though Tomura doesn’t seem to notice. He continues,
hurrying to cover his tracks, “We don’t want to call any attention back to Dad, and someone
is bound to make the connection if quirks suddenly go missing.”
“Too bad,” Tomura reluctantly agrees. “Are you going to give me those notes, now?”
“I can come?”
“Sure, why not. You weren’t part of the plan, but Sensei never actually said you couldn’t . But
if he gets mad I’m throwing you under the bus.” Izuku jumps up, pumping his fist in victory.
“Just stay on the downlow, okay? You’re our party’s rogue. Thievery, reconnaissance, and
stealth - that’s you.”
Izuku scoops his notebook up off the floor, passing it over to Tomura who grimaces as he
holds it between his hands.
“Why is it so warm?” Tomura asks, scrunching up his nose.
“I was sitting on it.”
“And? Did you fart on it or something? Nasty.”
Izuku flusters. “No! Jesus, you’re the nasty one, shut up!”

As Tomura snickers, Izuku riffles through his pockets for some kind of projectile, coming up
with only some pills of lint that just drift lazily to the ground when he tries to throw them.
Izuku resorts to shoving his hands into Tomura’s face instead, but the older boy is undeterred,
still laughing as he reaches for one of Izuku’s curls, tugging on it as he carefully wraps the tip
around all five fingers. The hair turns to dust between his fingers that falls onto Izuku’s scalp
like green dandruff.
“We’re leaving tomorrow afternoon,” Tomura tells him. “Make sure you’re ready.”
Then he leaves, possibly to make preparations of his own, but more likely to shut himself in
his room and play video games while fantasizing about All Might’s death.
Alone, Izuku’s cheeks are still warm with embarrassment, but the bubble of joy and irritation
that Tomura’s presence so often evokes has already popped. For a moment, it leaves him
feeling small and deflated, but the empty space is quickly filled by a shame and self-loathing
so large that it presses out against Izuku’s ribs until he thinks they might crack from the
pressure.
Tomorrow, Izuku will accompany Tomura to the USJ, and while it’s true that he’s Tomura’s
player two, that’s not why he wants to be there. It’s not like he can tell Tomura the real reason
he’s interested in going, not like he can explain his fascination with Erasure and his idle but
all-consuming contemplation of what he might be able to use that quirk to do. Tomura would
hate Izuku if he knew that Izuku was even thinking about -- what he is thinking about. So
Izuku told a lie that was based in truth, one he knew Tomura would be happy to hear, and it
had worked.
Izuku doesn’t know what’s going to happen at the USJ. He doesn’t know what Tomura will
do. Doesn’t know what All Might, the other pros, or the students will do. Even Izuku’s own
actions, 24 hours from now, are a mystery to him.
So, Izuku does what Tomura suggested. He sits at his desk - scribbling out thoughts and
theoreticals, what-ifs and how-tos, ends and means - and he tries to make sure he’s ready for
whatever it is he decides to do.

Here is a modified trolley problem:
You and your father stand beside a set of train tracks. As it is, the train’s path is unobstructed,
but there is a lever next to you that will divert it, leading it to kill hundreds of innocent and
oblivious people.
Your father wants you to pull the lever. If you don’t, he will either make you or he will do it
himself. The only way to stop him is to push him in front of the train.
Do you push your father?

The next day, Izuku stands at Tomura’s right hand. To Tomura’s left is the nomu. It is a
towering thing with vacant eyes and a beak-like maw filled with teeth like jagged bits of
glass. Izuku can’t stand to look directly at it, but he can see it’s massive black form, perfectly
still, out of the corner of his eye. The unnatural tangle of its quirks snares at Izuku’s mind.
The crowd before them looks at the monster with mixed reactions of trepidation - which
Izuku thinks is wise - and respect - which is beyond foolish. There’s more “cannon fodder,”
as Tomura described them, than Izuku expected. Izuku doesn’t know exactly where this
meeting place is, since Kurogiri teleported him and Tomura directly in, but the room is large
and completely empty apart from the bodies filling it. And they do fill it - not so much that
people can’t easily move around, but enough that Izuku can’t get an easy head count on just
how many villains All for One has recruited for this mission.
The eyes of the group dart in turns between the nomu, Tomura, and Izuku himself. He hasn’t
activated Wallflower yet, and it’s an odd feeling, having so many eyes on him like this. Even
before coming to live with his father, Izuku had never particularly been the center of
attention, and in the last five years he’s hardly interacted with anyone outside his father,
Tomura, and Kurogiri. On the rare occasion that he left the bar, he kept a low profile,
frequently with Wallflower’s assistance, and no one had paid him any mind.
Once, standing in the middle of a crowd, with people flowing by him on all sides like he was
a rock and they were a stream, Izuku had craved to be seen.
Now, he is seen and wishes terribly to hide.
But Tomura wants to make sure everyone notices Izuku. Afterall, the attack is likely to get
very chaotic very quickly. The cannon fodder exists mostly to occupy the students while
Tomura gets the job done, and it wouldn’t do for one of the NPCs - again, Tomura’s words to mistake Izuku for one of the other twenty fifteen year olds, the targets, that were going to
be there.
Tomura himself is covered in the embrace of his severed hands. It’s nothing Izuku hasn’t seen
before, but it never becomes any easier, watching Tomura’s face disappear behind a dead
hand he calls “Father.” Like this, Tomura fits in with the swarm of villains gathered here, and
Izuku can’t imagine him playing Animal Crossing with a blanket wrapped around his
shoulders.
This person is more Shigaraki than Tomura, a virtual stranger instead of practically a brother.
It makes Izuku’s chest ache.

Let’s elaborate on the trolley problem:
The scenario is the same, except now there is a third person standing with you and your
father next to the tracks. He is not your brother, but also he is.
Your brother would never push your father in front of the train. Your father, on the other
hand, would push your brother in an instant.
If you push your father, you save your brother as well as the hundreds of innocent people, but
your brother will not see it that way. He will not thank you.
D̷ o̶ ̷y̴o̷ u̶ ̷p̵u̸s̵h̴ ̸y̶o̸ u̸r̸ ̴f̴a̷t̴ h̷ e̵r̷?̷

“It’s time,” Tomura announces. Even his voice is different. Soft, not sweet. Perfectly
composed, not genuinely calm. He completely lacks his normal animation, blank and
indifferent. It's a facade, Izuku knows, but the behavior is no more comforting for its lack of
sincerity.
In front of them, Kurogiri opens a portal, the largest Izuku has ever seen, large enough for the
assembled crowd to move through without condensing at all. Izuku is momentarily distracted
by the sheer size of it, wondering where Kurogiri’s limit lies. Then, Tomura steps forward
and Izuku’s fascination is cancelled out by his need to follow, activating Wallflower as he
passes through the gloom.
They emerge next to a fountain, at the empty center plaza of a large, domed structure. There’s
a variety of simulated terrains in the distance, spread out radially around them, from false
cityscapes to man-made mountains. Izuku feels small as he takes it all in, smaller still as
villains stalk into the space around him, dispersing through the plaza as Izuku and Tomura
stay planted at the center.
Across the dome, at the top of a very long stairway, a group stares down at them, rendered
indistinct by the distance. Izuku can see them moving though, even if he can’t make out the
details of their features, shuffling around as they register the presence of intruders, grouping
more tightly together as they realize they are in danger. Most of the figures are of similar
sizes - the students - with a few outliers, but none so much larger as the form of All Might
should be. Tomura seems to come to this realization as well, humming under his breath.
“Where is he?” he asks, voice so deceptively calm that it gives Izuku chills. “He was meant
to be here. I brought this whole crowd, just for him, and he doesn’t even bother to show up?”
Izuku can see his fingers twitching at his sides. “I wonder if he would show up if we killed
some kids?”
Izuku does not want anyone to die here.

“Tomura,” he says softly and the older boy turns.
Wide red eyes meet Izuku’s through cracked fingers, pupils constricted into pinpoints. As
calm as Tomura sounds - almost bored, really - Izuku knows he is seething. He has always
hated when things don’t go according to plan and this plan, in particular, is important to him
in ways Izuku can only barely understand.
“Wait,” Izuku tells him. “See how the situation develops. Let the cannon fodder do their
jobs.” The words are bitter on Izuku’s tongue, but, at least for the moment, Tomura stays by
his side, not rushing in to kill anyone or get himself killed.

Let’s elaborate on the trolley problem:
If you push your father, your brother will inevitably push you. You have hurt so many people
that you probably deserve it, so that is not the moral quandary here. Your brother has just
pushed you in front of a train, so you are dead, but the hundreds of innocent people and your
brother are safe.
Except now your brother is alone and he’s angry and your father has always told him that
when he’s angry he should do something about it, but the only thing he's ever been taught to
do is hurt people. He has probably never even heard of the trolley problem because your
father wouldn’t have wanted him thinking about things like saving people or the value of life,
and he will definitely pull any lever that he thinks your father would have wanted him to pull,
even after your father is dead. So the hundreds of people aren’t safe, after all.
And then, at some point, your brother will probably wander in front of the train himself, and
you won’t be there to pull him back, so he’s not safe, either.
Everyone will be dead.
D̴̢̐ ǒ̸͙ ̸͎̈́y̷̺̠͛͂ ö̷̥́ü̶̥͖̂ ̶͙̕p̸̦̈́̚ u̸̬̔͜s̷̢͚̾ h̸̤͇̏̈́ ̵̜̍͘y̴̛̺̦͂ ọ̸͈̕ṳ̸̙̽̀r̸͕̝͊̋ ̶͕͘f̸͍͖̄ a̴̲͊͆ t̷̝ h̴͚̒ ĕ̸͉͊ r̴̙ ?̴̢̀̿

As it is, the situation develops quickly. One of the people watching from above launches
themself down the stairs.
“Eraserhead,” Izuku warns Tomura, identifying the black blur in an instant, familiar with the
way the hero moves after studying every clip available for hours and hours. Tomura hums his
acknowledgment, watching intently as Eraserhead engages with the other villains.

“He’s fast,” Tomura mutters, rubbing his neck but not digging his nails in. “Relies on speed
and precision to take his targets out quickly.” He smirks as someone gets a blow in against
the hero. “Bad matchup against mutant type quirks, though. It doesn’t look like he can erase
those.”
“That’s what the capture weapon is for,” Izuku points out. On cue, Eraserhead whips the
scarf-like object out to snag a villain around the waist, binding their arms against their sides
and flinging them away from him. “It gives him long distance versatility to make up for the
shortcomings of his quirk.” Izuku studies the weapon intently now, never having been able to
get a good look at it over dark and pixelated footage.
Tomura makes a disappointed noise. “It’s no fair. Strong hand-to-hand skills, long distance
weaponry, and the ability to erase quirks. With those goggles of his, you can’t even tell who’s
quirk he’s erasing. It makes it nearly impossible for a group to coordinate attacks properly.”
“I don’t think this group would be doing much coordination, anyway, Tomura.”
“That’s not the point. Even if they tried, they wouldn’t be able to. This is why I hate pro
heroes. The masses don’t stand a chance against them.” On some level, as Izuku watches one
man single handedly toss around dozens of villains - who truthfully are more on the level of
petty criminals - he can’t help but agree.
By Izuku’s side, Tomura has been growing more and more agitated. His tone is still mostly
level when he speaks, contained, though his words tremble slightly and his voice
occasionally cracks. But his hands, as always, give him away, crawling up to his neck and
scratching at the bit of exposed skin there, worrying it raw and tearing open old scabs. Izuku
will likely have to clean them again tonight, if Tomura will calm down enough to allow him.
In the distance, there is a commotion. Kurogiri has left the plaza to deal with Thirteen and the
students, according to plan. It is expected that he would face some degree of resistance, but
Izuku had decided that the students posed a negligible threat. Their unknown quirks are likely
impressive, but Kurogiri is practically unmatched when it comes to evasion, so he’s the
perfect one to deal with them - doubly so, since Izuku is reasonably sure he won’t try to kill
them.
Which is why, when Izuku hears the commotion from the entrance, he ignores it, keeping his
focus on Eraserhead’s fight and Tomura’s state of mind.
Then, he hears the explosion. He spins bodily to face it. He’d know that sound anywhere,
even after five years, and he curses himself for not considering this sooner. Izuku is the same
age as the first year UA students, and even if he has not seen Katsuki in a long time, Izuku
has no doubt that the blonde - as strong, stubborn, and hard-working as he was - is attending
UA, just like he always dreamed.
Unconsciously, Izuku activates one of his many sensory enhancement quirks, the range of his
sight increasing and his vision sharpening until he can see what is happening at the entrance.
Until he can see the faces of the students he has thus far ignored ‐ see their fear, concern,
confusion, determination.

And he can see Katsuki, dressed in black and orange with one arm encased in a grenadeshaped gauntlet that Izuku can guess the purpose of. Izuku can see the way Katsuki moves in
tandem with the red-haired boy next to him. Izuku can see the familiar incandescent rage and
savage glee that followed him through so much of his childhood.
Bakugou Katsuki is in the USJ. Of course he is. On the top of those stairs, Katsuki and
Kurogiri are face to face. Izuku should have seen this coming.
But the simple fact of the matter is that he didn’t. Izuku hasn’t thought of Katsuki in years. In
the beginning of his stay with his father, Izuku had thought of Katsuki whenever he met
Tomura’s glaring red eyes. Every time he took a quirk, he would remember how incredibly
scared Kacchan had looked that day when they were four, before the fear was swallowed by
an anger that engulfed every one of their interactions. He would hear Katsuki’s voice in his
head each time he did something bad, calling him a villain.
But then Tomura had started smiling at Izuku, too - sharing his favorite Pokémon and
teaching Izuku to play Super Smash Bros. - and his eyes had stopped looking anything like
Katsuki’s.
Now, Izuku has so many quirks from so many people that there’s no longer a single
representative for everyone he has wronged, and the temporary appropriation of Katsuki’s
quirk is among the most minor of Izuku’s crimes.
And maybe there is still a voice in Izuku’s head that scolds him whenever he does something
wrong - whenever he takes a quirk or gives Tomura information or loves his father knowing
full well what the man has done - but now it just sounds like his own.
Izuku had nearly forgotten about Bakugou Katsuki.
And now is not the time to remember.
Izuku swallows, squeezing his eyes shut tight to shut off the enhanced vision, forcing himself
to turn his back on the fight in the distance to focus again on the one happening next to him.
The scene that greets him is different from what he expected. The space next to him is empty.
In Izuku’s seconds of distraction, Tomura has moved. He is already halfway across the plaza,
and despite the hand covering his face, Izuku can tell that Tomura is wearing Izuku’s least
favorite grin. It’s the smile Tomura gets whenever he is about to hurt someone - sharp and
bloodthirsty, with too many teeth and wild eyes. It’s the kind of smile that makes Izuku
remember why he was so afraid of Tomura when they first met.
Truely, it’s a travesty to call it a smile, because this is not what happiness looks like, and
Izuku hates that Tomura can’t tell the difference. Izuku would give anything to teach Tomura
what a smile is meant to be. Would do anything to show him that the soft moments they
spend together at the bar are far closer to fulfillment than the violence he is praised for.

Let’s elaborate on the -… Wait. This stopped sounding like the trolley problem, at some point.
What are the trains supposed to be in this metaphor, again? They were meant to be the
villains of the story, but then what’s the train that’s hitting your brother? A different villain?
That doesn’t make sense. It’s gotten a bit tangled up.
Let’s try again:
Okay. The trains are the villains of the story. Then your father is a train. So are you and your
brother. You are all… sentient trains.
No. This - this is already worse.
Maybe the trolley problem has been stretched too far.

D̸̬̠͙̥̹̐͋̂̃̎͝͠o̵̢̫̬̯̽̂̑̐͘ ̶̟̫̟̪̦̙̩͋̇͒͌̎y̷̳̌͆ ȯ̷͙̺̝͐̂́͗̕ͅ ṳ̴̹̬͌̐́̄̓̈́ ̵̢̬͊p̸͕̰̦̞͓̜͂̒͆̈́̈́̚ u̶̧͚̙̬͆̌̅̃̈͝ṣ̴̢̡̡͓̥͈̞̌̊ ḧ̴̻̺̪͚̫̘̒̚ ̶͉̚y̸̡̧̮̬̩͈͑̏͝o̸̹̰͚̩̓͒͘ ű̴̖̭͙͎̩͈̞̻̾̈́̑͠ŗ̷͚̜̖̰͎͌̋̓̚ ̷̧͕́̀͠f̴̟̀̈́̒̍͗͝͝
a̶̡̩̤̍̎̎̆͝t̴̙͇̓̈́̕ h̷͙̺́̽͗̓̈́̈́̂̀ ę̶̲̽̿͋̔̽̽̌́ṙ̷̻̩̠̿̚ ?̷̲̉̿̊͒̔̈̿

With Tomura’s often childish behavior, it can be easy to forget how intelligent he is. The
more his anger builds, the more irrational he will get, throwing away plans in favor of pure
destruction, but when he manages to keep a level head, Tomura is capable of being
surprisingly analytical and strategic. He is good at picking apart weaknesses. Izuku wishes it
weren’t so.
“It’s hard to see when you keep moving around,” Tomura says as he charges forward, “but
your hair floats when you use your quirk, and the moment it falls - that’s when you blink. The
time between has gotten shorter and shorter. You’re reaching your limit, aren’t you?” Izuku
had pointed out the tell of Eraserhead’s quirk in his notes, along with dozens of other things,
but the observation of the timing is Tomura’s own. Izuku wishes, not for the first time, that
Tomura could be stupid, that his intelligence hadn’t been honed into a sword.
On a level playing field, Eraserhead would certainly win any fight between him and Tomura,
Izuku has no doubt. Izuku has trained with Tomura, and while the older boy doesn’t
completely lack combat skills, he still relies far too much on the raw destructive power of his
quirk. Without it, he is built for speed, lacks power, and is fairly frail. Easy to capture or
incapacitate. Izuku would know - he’s done it.
But the playing field is not level. Izuku had seen to that, tipping the odds in Tomura’s favor
just enough for him to get past Eraserhead’s guard. Tomura dodges around the capture

weapon the hero sends after him, grasping the scarf by the end and wrapping it around his
hand. It serves as a tether, reeling them both in closer as they run at each other, Eraserhead’s
hands fisted in his weapon, Tomura with a hand drawn back. They collide, Tomura’s hand
flying over Eraserhead’s shoulder, his body folding over as the hero’s elbow drives into his
solar plexus. Izuku winces, but the sympathy he feels for Tomura is contrasted by relief.
“Don’t push yourself, Eraserhead,” Tomura says into the space between them. His voice,
delighted and mocking, makes Izuku reassess his relief.
Eraserhead’s hair falls.
Tomura’s obvious grasp went wide when Eraserhead ducked in close to him, but it was a feint
all along. With muted horror, Izuku seeks out Tomura’s other hand, closed around
Eraserhead’s elbow, having caught the blow. He watches as the skin cracks like spiderwebs
traveling through glass, watches as flesh turns grey and brittle and crumbles away from the
wet sinew of muscle.
Eraserhead disengages before the rot reaches bone, punching Tomura in the chest with his
free arm and throwing himself backwards, away from Tomura but towards half a dozen other
enemies. Tomura has been knocked to the ground, but seems content to stay there for the
moment, watching as Eraserhead ducks under a grab, shoulder checks one villain, rolls away
from another, keeping up with the fast tempo of the fight even as his arm hangs limply at his
side.
“This fight isn’t at all like what you’re used to, is it?” Tomura asks. “No, you’re more of the
surprise attack type, aren’t you? Catch them off guard and take care of them quickly. A long
fight against a group like this isn’t your normal job at all.” Hearing his own carefully
recorded observations come out of Tomura’s mouth makes Izuku feel ill. “Still, you ran down
to face us head on, all alone. Was that to make your students feel safe? ” Tomura sneers
around the word.
The underlings don’t give Eraserhead any room to breathe, not allowing him to so much as
spare Tomura a glance as the boy mocks him. He narrowly dodges the swipe of a villain with
long blade-like fingers, wrapping the man up in his scarf and tugging hard to pull the villain
into the path of another. A second later, Eraserhead drops the man he just used as a shield and
kicks his most recent attacker across the face, sending them sprawling to the ground. He
pants, shoulders heaving, but barely takes a moment to breathe before burying his hands back
into his weapon and spinning to face Tomura again, quirk activated.
Tomura laughs abruptly, giddy and manic. “You’re so cool… So cool!”
Izuku’s hair stands on end. He wants to run away. He wants to bring Tomura with him,
somewhere far from this place where they can leave the Shigaraki who riles himself up with
blood and violence behind.
“By the way, hero… I’m not the final boss.”
In All Might’s absence, Izuku had somehow forgotten about the abomination they brought to
handle the number one hero. Pitting Eraserhead against it is a joke - the kind of dark comedy

that ends in death. It grabs the underground hero by his face, hand dwarfing his head.
Eraserhead doesn’t even have time to make a futile attempt at escape before he is being
slammed down, skull slamming against hard stone, goggles snapping and flying away, blood
-Izuku slams his eyes closed.
This is not real life, he tells himself. He’s not actually here. Things like this don’t really
happen.
“Tomura,” he chokes out.
“Do you like our nomu, Eraserhead?” Tomura asks. “He’s bioengineered, specifically to take
down All Might. The anti-Symbol of Peace.”
Tomura snickers to himself the way he does whenever he thinks he has said something
especially clever. The nomu screeches, an inhuman sound that makes Izuku’s teeth ache.
Something makes a long, ugly splintering noise - not bones, not bones, not bones .
“Tomura,” Izuku says again, forcing his voice to be louder even as it tries to die in his throat.
Salt invades his mouth when he speaks. He doesn’t know when he started crying.
“Not now, rogue. I’m busy.”
How can he stand it, Izuku wonders. How can he sound so pleased with himself?
“The ability to erase quirks, it’s - hmm, it’s wonderful, but not all that impressive, really,”
Tomura muses to himself. “In the face of overwhelming power, you might as well be
quirkless.”
Another crack, another thud, the ground trembles faintly beneath Izuku’s feet.
He wishes this could be over already, he wishes this never happened in the first place, he
wishes he was somewhere else, he wishes he didn’t exist at all.
“Shigaraki Tomura,” Kurogiri says. Izuku didn’t notice his return, but he’s beyond feeling
surprised. All he can feel is the weight of his bones trying to pull him into the earth and the
cold of his blood as it crawls through his veins.
“Kurogiri. Did you kill Thirteen?” Please, no.
“I put Thirteen out of action -” thank god “-but there were students I was unable to disperse,
and one of them was able to run away.”
“Huh? Kurogiri, you…” Izuku can hear Tomura’s building distress. On a normal day, Izuku
would try to soothe him. But today is not a normal day. Today, there is blood all over the
ground. Because of Tomura. Because of Izuku. He can smell it in the air.
“If you weren’t a warp gate,” Tomura growls, “I would have crushed you to pieces. Damn it.
It’s game over. There’s no point in staying if they’re going to bring in reinforcements. We

can’t win against dozens of pros. Man, it’s really game over. Let’s go home.”
Yes, Izuku thinks, let’s go. Please, let’s go.
But go home? Izuku’s not sure he wants to go there. Home, where they will talk about how
this attack could have gone better. Home, where they will say how many people should have
died. Home, where the blood they have spilt will not have been enough. Home, where they
will inevitably be made to spill more.
“But first,” Tomura continues. “We’ve come all this way. It would be a shame not to smash
some of All Might’s pride as the Symbol of Peace before we go. Let’s leave some bodies for
him to find.”
Izuku had withdrawn so far into himself that he had stopped paying attention. It was foolish
of him, beyond foolish, but he stopped keeping track of people. And now there are two
students at the edge of the water near the plaza. Two students who freed themselves from
whatever mess Kurogiri dropped them in and made their way to where their teacher was
fighting. Two students that had been watching for Izuku-doesn’t-know how long, because he
hadn’t been paying attention. Two students that Tomura has noticed.
Two students that Tomura wants to make into bodies.
Izuku’s eyes fly open.
Time slows around him, stretching one moment into several, allowing Izuku to take in every
detail of the situation between one breath and the next. Bullet time - that was what Izuku had
named it. The very first quirk his father ever made him steal.
Eraserhead is facedown on the ground with the nomu on his back. There is blood pooling
around his head. Two students lurk nearby in shallow water, not yet having processed the
words Tomura just spoke. Tomura has already turned towards them, body leaned forward in a
lunge, arm halfway raised.
No one is coming to save them. Those students cannot react quickly enough. Backup won’t
arrive in the time it takes for Tomura to lay down all five of his fingers.
Here is what is going to happen:
Tomura is going to press his hand against one of the students’ faces, likely the girl who seems
to have some kind of frog quirk, before they even have time to realize what is happening. She
will turn to dust between his fingers. Tomura will become a murderer and he will not even
care. His hands will never get the chance to be anything but deadly weapons, and everything
Tomura has ever suspected or feared about himself will be proven correct.
Kurogiri will take Izuku and Tomura back to the bar, where Tomura will rail against their
failure. He will make a new plan to kill All Might. He will ask for Izuku’s help, again. Izuku
will give it. More people will get hurt and it will be Izuku’s fault.

Izuku thinks of Eraserhead, who might die here. Of Erasure, that might die with him. He
thinks of heroes and villains and how stories are written.
He thinks of Aizawa Shouta - the boy, not the hero - who looked so small in the sports
festival’s large arena, who was unhappy with his lot in life and did something about it , who
stood on the podium and smiled in victorious defiance. That boy wrote his own story. That
boy made himself the hero.
Izuku wants to be like that boy.

The trolley problem isn’t working anymore, so let’s simplify:
There’s you, your father, and your brother, who are all varying degrees of guilty. Then there’s
hundreds of innocent people.
Either the innocents die, or some combination of you, your father, and your brother do.
Now let’s complicate:
Because this is not a theoretical. This is not a thought exercise. This is real life. Real people
will die, and you will be the one to kill them.
So.

Who do you save?

Chapter End Notes

CWs
We're starting the USJ. Canon-typical violence/injury and associated distress
Aizawa is heeeere! He is currently closer to dead than dad, but at least he has finally
made an appearance. It only took... almost 40k words (man, this fic has really spiraled
out of control)
Tomura @ the USJ: I'm here to cause problems on purpose
Izuku, contemplating murder: yOuR fAtHeR iS a TrAiN

Google docs: Did you mean "your father is ON a train?"
Me: stfu I said what I said
Next chapter: Erasure - Part III
Update: Nov 26

Chapter 7: Erasure - Part III
Chapter Notes

CWs in end notes
Ho - ly - wow
The reception of the last chapter blew my absolute mind. Thank you all for the support!
I’m glad you liked the trolley problem, it’s my pride and joy. Fair warning that I have
probably peaked.
Ill-Gotten Gains is a little over a month old now, and it’s already officially the longest
thing I have ever written. Your comments, kudos, hits, etc are what have gotten it this
far!
Speaking of length - remember when I said Erasure would be 3 parts? Yeah, well, I’m a
lying liar who lies. We’re probably looking at 5 parts, because there’s still a lot to get
through.
Later today, I am going to wade dramatically into the sea (because there aren’t actually
any cliffs where I live from which I can throw myself) and build a new life for myself
beneath the waves. If, by some god forsaken twist of fate and failing of self control,
Erasure is LONGER than 5 PARTS?! Then I shall steal Poseidon’s throne and lay waste
to the earth :)
Also, this chapter is a little eh, but they can’t all be bangers. Hopefully y’all still enjoy

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Shouta hasn’t wanted to be a hero since he was a child.
As a civilian, it’s easy to want to be a hero, to see the appeal of saving people, to see the thrill
and prestige and think it’s something that could be satisfying to devote a life to. But that’s not
what it means to be a hero, not really. Only fools want to be heroes.
What it really means to be a hero is dealing with endless pain and suffering.
The people a hero saves are in pain. They are often in the middle of the worst days of their
lives, and while saving them may put a stop to that suffering, a hero still needs to witness it,
first. There is an abundance of awful things in the world, and a hero - especially an
underground one - through the course of their career, is likely to see them all. This burden,
though, is made lighter by the virtue of being able to help . Pain paired with healing power.
But even the people a hero saves others from are often in pain. It is easy to say that villains
are evil and pretend that they were born that way, but in reality, while many people are called
villains because of the things they chose to do, just as many are born from the things that are
done to them. And a hero’s ability to help these people is limited, at best. In fact, the system

often recommends that you hurt them more. Take them down by whatever means necessary,
maybe give them some bruises, broken bones, or blood loss along the way. Lock them up,
throw away the key. It's an inescapable part of the job, but there is no comfort in being the
cause of someone’s pain.
Then, of course, there is the pain of the hero, themself. The stab wounds, the gunshots, the
quirk injuries. Generally, that doesn’t even bear mentioning over the pain of others - that’s the
way of heroes - but, nevertheless, the injuries accumulate quickly. Being a hero means
fighting every day, and when someone fights that often, sometimes, inevitably, they lose. And
when they lose, they either get hurt or they die. Or worse - other people die.
That’s the greatest pain of all. The pain of the people the hero fails to save. The cases - the
bodies - gone cold. The instances where no one gets there in time, either moments or days or
years too late. The instances where no one gets there at all - where no one even realizes that
anything is wrong, but somewhere someone is crying out for help that they will never
receive, not even post mortem. The pain of those people who die alone and scared and the
pain of those who outlive them.
Shouta was sixteen years old the first time he failed to save someone and his desire to be a
hero died with them. After that, it wasn’t a want, but a need . He wasn’t stupid enough to
crave the darkness and suffering that shadow a hero’s footsteps, but Shouta has never been
able to watch bad things happen without doing something about them.
Too many people believe that someone else will take care of the problems in the world and
too few people actually do . Maybe someone else would help, but Shouta can , so he will ,
even if he has already seen enough pain to last a lifetime.
And so, every day, Shouta fights.
The USJ is not his first time losing. It is, perhaps, the most painful losing has ever been,
though.
Yes, some of that is Shouta’s own, physical pain. The pain of flesh flayed away from bone
with only a touch. The pain of both his arms being broken, one cleanly snapped and the other
twisted into countless shards. The pain of the thing on top of him, compressing his lungs and
forcing his body flat to unforgiving concrete. The pain of having his head smashed down so
many times that only tenacity and grit are keeping him conscious. It is probably the most pain
Shouta has ever been in.
But worse than all of that is the scalding inadequacy that comes with his failure to protect his
students. They are who knows where, fighting who knows what. It’s Shouta’s job to prepare
them for threats like this, but he hasn’t even had them for a week yet. They’re all still so new
and small and soft, full of potential but also naivety. They all still want to be heroes.
Eventually, every hero hopeful needs to learn the hard lesson that sometimes the heroes lose,
but Shouta didn’t want his first years to learn so soon and he didn’t want to be the one
teaching them, not like this. Not broken and helpless while a maniac rubs Shouta’s
weaknesses in his face.

“Tomura,” someone says. Shouta can’t see the speaker, but they sound like they are on the
verge of panic, voice high and choked with tears. They sound young and afraid and it makes
Shouta ache at his own uselessness. More pain, and it hurts all the more for not being his
own, for being helpless when he is meant to be helping .
“Not now, rogue,” Shouta’s assailant dismisses callously. “I’m busy.” Shouta struggles to
raise his head as the man continues to mock him, but can only strain futilely against the
beast’s hold.
“Shigaraki Tomura,” the purple one says as he swirls back into being in the plaza.
“Kurogiri. Did you kill Thirteen?” Please, no.
“I put Thirteen out of action -” not dead, then “-but there were students I was unable to
disperse, and one of them was able to run away.” It must have been Iida. Thank god he had
the wisdom to run. With Thirteen incapacitated as well, their only hope would be backup
from the school. Iida is their best chance at getting that before it’s too late.
“Huh?” Shigaraki Tomura asks, voice deadly with disgusted disbelief. “Kurogiri, you… If
you weren’t a warp gate, I would have crushed you to pieces. Damn it. It’s game over.
There’s no point in staying if they’re going to bring in reinforcements. We can’t win against
dozens of pros. Man, it’s really game over. Let’s go home.” Shouta does not let himself hope.
“But first. We’ve come all this way. It would be a shame not to smash some of All Might’s
pride as the Symbol of Peace before we go. Let’s leave some bodies for him to find.”
Shouta did not let himself hope and so he is not disappointed. He is devastated, instead. What
is he meant to do, pinned as he is, against a madman intent on shedding blood?
Being a hero is all about tolerating pain. That’s the thing no one ever tells you. That’s why
only a fool would actually want to be a hero, knowing what they are asking for. With his head
pressed to cracked and crattered concrete, Shouta asks himself derisively: How much can he
take before he breaks? How much can he break before he falls to pieces? He is already past
his limit. Already broken, already shattered across the floor.
But Shouta is a hero, not because he wants to be, but because he needs to be. He has felt pain
and seen it and caused it - and he has not let it stop him, yet.
Which is why Shouta puts everything he has into raising his head, into locking bleary bloodfilled eyes onto the blurry figure who has just launched himself towards the water, where two
of Shouta’s students have found themselves. Activating his quirk makes Shouta’s entire head
scream, like pieces of his skull are coming loose and stabbing into his brain - which, for all
he knows, they are. Between the blood, the concussion he certainly has, and whatever other
damage has no doubt been done to his face, Shouta can barely see, but it’s enough. When
Shigaraki’s hand meets Asui’s face he makes an irritated noise, and while Shouta hears the
girl stutter on a breath, she does not scream.
“What do you think you’re doing, rogue?” Shigaraki asks. It’s only then that Shouta notices
the fourth figure - his two students in the water, Shigarki in front of them, and a boy by his
side.

The boy is… small. Definitely smaller than some of Shouta’s first years, though he can’t see
clearly enough to get an accurate age estimate. The figure is just a blur of green next to
Shigaraki’s black. Shouta squints, careful not to let his eyes close completely, and sees that
Shigaraki’s hand has actually stopped about a centimeter away from Asui’s face. The
unknown boy, the one Shigaraki called “Rogue,” has a hand around the man’s wrist, halting
his attack.
“You can’t kill her, Tomura,” the boy says, in the same choked, raspy voice from before. Is he
crying? Shouta can’t see well enough to tell.
“Pretty sure I can,” Shigaraki responds flatly, but he neither pulls away nor attempts to attack
the boy beside him.
“Remember why we’re here. We’re after All Might, not the NPCs. The more people you kill,
the more this looks like senseless violence, especially if they’re children.”
“I’m not opposed to senseless violence.”
“I’m aware. But this is a strategy game, Tomura, not a beat ‘em up.”
There is a tense moment of silence and Shouta struggles to keep his eyes open, struggles to
even stay conscious. Somewhere, there is a crash, but Shouta couldn’t tell you how far away
it was or what direction it came from because the blood rushing through his ears makes
everything sound distorted.
He has fought until he was broken, kept fighting until he fell to pieces, and then he picked
those pieces up and weaponized them, like using shards of glass as improvised knives. He
has reached his limit twice over. His limbs are heavier than the thing sitting on top of him,
pain bleeds out of his edges like running ink, and rainbow static dances in all the fuzzy places
in his vision.
Shouta blinks.
His eyes do not open again.

Izuku closes his fingers around Tomura’s wrist a fraction of a second before he can lay his
hand across the frog-quirked girl’s face. Izuku’s hand eclipses the scar he left on Tomura the
day they met, a small handprint that perfectly pairs with the larger one on Izuku’s own wrist.
Izuku fears that Tomura won’t stop at just a touch, but the older boy freezes as if restrained,
despite how gentle Izuku’s grip is. Tomura turns to face him slowly, and Izuku refuses to
cower from the flames of anger in Tomura’s eyes.
“What do you think you’re doing, rogue?”
Saving us all, Izuku thinks.

“You can’t kill her, Tomura,” Izuku says instead, doing his best to sound confident and
authoritative despite how near he was to a panic attack just seconds ago. His voice is raspy
and his cheeks are still wet, but his tone is steady and he is no longer crying.
“Pretty sure I can,” Tomura responds, but for the moment, he is still listening, not resisting
Izuku’s hold.
“Remember why we’re here,” Izuku tries to reason. “We’re after All Might, not the NPCs.
The more people you kill, the more this looks like senseless violence, especially if they’re
children.”
“I’m not opposed to senseless violence.” Izuku cringes internally, but matches Tomura’s
impatient look with a level one.
Izuku swallows. “I’m aware. But this is a strategy game, Tomura, not a beat ‘em up.”
Tomura’s eyes narrow. Izuku knows things could still go either way. He can reason with
Tomura, some of the time, but never control him, and at the end of the day, Tomura will do
what Tomura thinks is best.
Izuku considers taking Decay, forcing Tomura to do things the peaceful way by depriving
him of his means of violence, but it is unlikely that Tomura would let him. After years of the
quirk going back and forth, Tomura has learned to identify the subtle feeling associated with
Izuku attracting the quirk away, and now, unless Izuku catches him completely off guard,
Tomura can tug back , resulting in a battle of wills that they don’t have time for in the middle
of a literal battle. Izuku would be reluctant to leave Tomura without a means of defense,
besides.
So Izuku and Tomura stand in an uneasy silence while Tomura makes up his mind, Izuku
hoping that he can manifest his desired outcome if he stays calm and rational enough.
Whichever way Tomura was leaning, Izuku never gets to find out.
The doors to the USJ blow open, dust billowing around them as they go flying and crash to
the ground a short distance away. Attention torn away from the stray students, Tomura spins,
dragging Izuku with him until they are both facing the entrance. Slowly, All Might emerges
from the cloud of swirling dust, his figure large and distinct even from such a distance.
“It’s fine now!” he calls, voice booming across the whole of the training arena. “I am here!”
His face, Izuku can see, is set in grim lines, nothing like the smiling action figures that lined
Izuku’s shelves when he was a child.
“Finally,” Tomura says. Izuku doesn’t turn to look at him, eyes fixed on All Might, but he can
hear the deranged grin in the words. “You’ve kept me waiting, hero. You trash of society.”
It’s not fine, Izuku thinks, on the edge of frantic. They need to leave, right then, or Izuku has
the terrible feeling that nothing is going to be fine ever again. Izuku moves from holding
Tomura’s wrist to clutching his arm just above the elbow, digging his fingers in and tugging
slightly. Tomura doesn’t acknowledge him.

Between them and All Might, the underlings they brought along hesitate and cower, but are
rallied after a moment by a brave soul among them. None of them get to take more than half
a step forward before they’re disposed of, all groaning on the ground clutching their guts
within the blink of an eye. It happens so quickly Izuku doesn’t even have enough time to
activate a quirk to help him keep pace.
Then, not even a moment later, Izuku is jostled, losing his grip on Tomura’s arm as he
stumbles to keep his footing. The students disappear from the water behind them and
reappear under All Might’s arms, along with a limp and unconscious Eraserhead, all of whom
are deposited gently on the ground a short distance away.
Tomura makes a small, hurt sound, almost a whine, and Izuku rips his eyes away from All
Might, his need to ensure his brother’s well-being outweighing the survival instincts that
scream for him to keep sight of the threat. Tomura leans against his nomu, balancing himself
with one hand while the other covers his face.
“It’s no good… It’s no good,” he mumbles fervently into his palm, his eyes wide and glassywet as he scans the ground.
Next to Izuku’s feet, the hand that Tomura wears over his face lays, palm up and fingers stiff.
The severed hands always make Izuku faintly nauseous, but more sickening still is the way
Tomura staggers towards it, kneeling down next to Izuku and picking it up almost reverently.
“I-I’m sorry, Father,” he says, sounding close to tears. “So sorry…” He places it back over
his face, exhaling a shaky breath as he does. It seems to calm him almost immediately, and he
swings from this scared and almost broken type of vulnerability right back into the mania that
has defined this entire exhibition so far. It’s enough to give Izuku whiplash.
“He hit us as he was saving them. It’s the violence of a government official,” Tomura says as
he stands, sounding far too pleased. He hums to himself. “He’s definitely fast. I couldn’t
follow him with my eyes, could you?” Izuku, realizing he’s being addressed, shakes his head.
“Yeah, I didn’t think so. Still, he’s not as fast as I thought he would be. So I guess it’s true…
He is getting weaker.”
Tomura smiles his horrible smile, and even though he is looking at Izuku, clearly expecting
some form of encouragement, Izuku can’t find it in himself to smile back. It is taking
everything he has not to start crying again. He wonders what Tomura would do if he broke
down, if he begged that they go home. He is too afraid of the answer to try.
While Izuku is busy attempting to quell the burning in his eyes, All Might makes his move.
The hero disappears from where he left his companions, yelling the name of one of his
signature moves as he reappears in front of them and prepares to smash them out of
existence. Izuku can only clench his eyes shut and brace for impact, though he’s sure that
would do very little against a point-blank blow from the Symbol of Peace, but Tomura grabs
him by the elbow and pulls him close, pressing their sides tight together.
“Nomu,” Tomura says, and the beast is there, taking the hit in their place. The air pressure
generated is insane, causing the water behind them to well up in massive crests that crash
back down with a spray that makes Izuku’s entire back damp and cold. The hulking mass of

the Nomu protects Izuku and Tomura from the worst of it, but Izuku still needs to dig his
heels in and wrap a fist in the side of Tomura’s shirt to avoid being knocked back a few
steps.
The nomu screeches, swiping both arms in wide, clumsy arcs that All Might ducks easily
beneath. All Might throws an answering punch, hitting the nomu square in the stomach.
Garnering no reaction, he swings again, hitting the nomu first in one side of the head, then
the other. The beast’s neck swivels with the blows, but it is otherwise unaffected, opening its
mouth wide and craning its head forward to screech in All Might’s face. Izuku flinches into
Tomura’s side. Tomura chuckles.
“That’s not going to get you anywhere,” he says. “Nomu has shock absorption, so you can
punch him as much as you want and it won’t make any difference. If you want to damage
him, your best bet would be to slowly gouge out bits of his flesh.” The nomu screams again,
swinging a large hand towards All Might’s head. “Whether or not he’d let you do that is a
different issue, though.”
All Might evades this swing as easily as all the others. For a moment, his eyes dart away
from his opponent and to Tomura, sizing him up. Izuku holds his breath, does his best to be
invisible, and hopes All Might won’t notice the grip Tomura has on his arm.
“Thanks for the advice!” All Might says. “If it’s true, you’ve made this easier for me.”
Tomura smiles, smug, but All Might is no longer paying attention to notice. The hero grabs
the nomu about the waist - ignoring the beast’s delayed attempts to clutch at him - and bends
over backwards, slamming the nomu exposed-brain first into the ground.
The shockwave and amount of dust produced are akin to an explosion. Complaining under
his breath, Tomura braces against it, but Izuku is significantly smaller and his feet slide
across the ground. He has to let go of Tomura or risk dragging the older boy along with him.
He falls to his knees, skin shredding against the rough concrete, and shifts his fingers into
hard, black talons. Whatever material they are made of is harder than anything Izuku has
encountered, allowing them to sink into the stone with minimal resistance, anchoring Izuku
as wind whips wildly at his figure.
When the wind lets up, he pulls his fingers from the ground and reverts their shape, panting
slightly. Four quirks used in such a short span of time and Izuku is feeling the beginnings of
fatigue. He staggers back to his feet, knees bleeding sluggishly. Tomura spares him a glance
and Izuku shakes his head, telling him there’s nothing to be concerned about. They both turn
their attention back to All Might and the nomu, staring through the haze of dust as it slowly
dissipates, Tomura eager and Izuku resigned as they wait to see the outcome.
It is worse than Izuku hoped - which, of course, is all the better for Tomura, who makes a
pleased noise. All Might is bent backwards in an arch, but the nomu has been pushed through
one of Kurogiri’s portals, instead of into the ground. The top half of the beast emerges
beneath All Might’s spine, both claws sunk deep into the hero’s sides. Izuku can see blood
seeping into the white of All Might’s dress shirt.

“Did you think you could stop him by burying him in the concrete?” Tomura asks. “Oh, this
is good. What a perfect opportunity. Don’t you think, Kurogiri?”
Releasing the nomus waist, All Might sits up in the monster’s hold, grasping one of its hands
with both of his and attempting to pry himself from its grip. The nomu doesn’t waver in the
slightest.
Tomura laughs, mocking. “That’s not going to work. Nomu is just as strong as you are, you
know.” The nomu flexes its claws deeper, as if to prove a point, though the beast isn’t nearly
intelligent enough to be petty. All Might coughs, a trickle of blood oozing from the corner of
his mouth. Around either half of the nomu, Kurogiri’s portals constrict slightly.
“This is your first offense?” All Might asks, voice serious and eyes threatening even as he
continues to fail to escape the nomu’s grasp. “You’d better prepare yourselves…”
Izuku shudders. Tomura stops giggling, sobering abruptly. One of his hands wanders to start
idly scratching at his neck.
“Kurogiri,” he says, matching All Might’s tone. Kurogiri’s portals constrict further. The main
mass of his body stretches and elongates, looming over All Might’s prone form. The hero
glowers at the show of intimidation. Izuku takes a step forward, though he can’t say what
for.
“I do not want blood and guts overflowing within me,” Kurogiri says, dignified as ever,
despite the goriness of his words, “but it would be an honor to take in a man as great as you.
As fast as you are, we needed Nomu to restrain you, but with his job done, it falls to me to
finish the task. Have Nomu immobilize you and then, when your body is halfway through,
close the gate… and tear you apart. ”
Izuku did not expect this. Tomura has always had a bloodlust and Izuku has always been
aware of it, but Kurogiri has never shown anything but a polite distaste for violence desensitized, certainly, but also disinterested. Even today, he had chosen to incapacite
Thirteen rather than kill them. Izuku didn’t know the details of the plan to kill All Might, but
he never expected that Kurogiri would be the one to deal the finishing blow.
Izuku had thought that Kurogiri was like him - inescapably bound to All for One, but for
reasons other than mutual desires. To learn otherwise feels like a betrayal, though it probably
shouldn’t. Izuku shouldn’t be so surprised. Whether Kurogiri himself wants All Might dead
or not, Izuku will likely never know, but Kurogiri, like Tomura, does anything All for One
tells him to. Murder is not an exception.
Izuku closes his eyes. It is cowardly, perhaps - his refusal to watch the violence he has
enabled - but he can’t stand to see it. He doesn’t think he’ll ever sleep again, if he sees. He
thinks he’ll go mad.
With his eyes closed, Izuku can’t see what happens next, but he hears it. It’s close enough for
him to smell, even. Like caramel or burnt sugar. Familiar memories, tinted by fear and shame
and regret, flood over Izuku, washing him away for a moment.

“DIE!” Izuku hears, though he can’t say if the words are being said now or if they’re just an
echo from years ago.
“All I heard is that you all are here to kill All Might,” a new, unfamiliar voice says. The
speaker, a boy, pauses, the silence filled with words from others that Izuku doesn’t pay
attention to. Then, the boy continues, “The Symbol of Peace cannot be killed by the likes of
you.”
You’re right , Izuku thinks as Tomura scoffs at his side. He can’t .
But if All Might doesn’t die here today, they will be back another day. And if Tomura or
Kurogiri or Izuku himself die here, then someone else will come. They will keep coming,
over and over, until the job is done. Because they are just pawns on a chessboard, and losing
them means little to the man playing the game.
All for One is always thinking at least ten moves ahead, afterall.
But Izuku - he’s not actually a pawn, is he? He’s not even meant to be a piece on the board.
A brief lull falls over the battle at the central plaza, as all the new players stand and size each
other up. None of them are thinking about the invisible participant, the one behind the scenes,
pulling all the strings. They don’t know what he has in store for them and they don’t have any
plans to stop him.
But Izuku knows.
And there’s a chance he can do something about it.
The tension cracks and the fight starts moving again, but Izuku takes a deep breath, centers
himself, and ignores it all. He stretches out his awareness, farther than he has ever had cause
to in the warehouse, brushing over the quirks of villains and students and heroes alike in the
search of one, specifically.
When he finds it, he pulls. With the distance between them, it takes a moment to reach him nearly half a minute - but Erasure, like all quirks, comes to Izuku easily and without
resistance.
He tells himself that he’ll give it back when he’s done with it. He refuses to think, for the
moment, about what being done with it will mean.

Katsuki knew the villains were idiots - they had to be, breaking into UA, of all places,
thinking they could kill All Might, of all people - but based on how laughably easy it is to
take out the scrubs between the collapse zone and the central plaza, they’re not only stupid,
but fucking incompetent to boot. Incompetent and pathetic , practically pissing their pants as
soon as Katsuki let off a single explosion, and not even a big one, at that. Sure, Katsuki is

pretty damned impressive. He’s strong as hell and he’s going to be number one someday, so
they’re right to be afraid of him, but he’s still only fifteen years old and those grown-ass,
whole fucking adults couldn’t even put a scratch on him. He had taken out nearly a dozen of
them single-handed.
Well, technically Shitty Hair is there, too. The way he keeps yammering on about
“manliness” or whatever the hell type of complex he has makes it pretty fucking hard for
Katsuki to ignore him. But it’s not like Shitty Hair had actually helped or anything, and if he
took out one or two villains himself along the way, it’s nothing Katsuki couldn’t have
handled on his own. Really, he’d rather have been on his own if it meant he could get even a
moment of peace and fucking quiet.
“Shut up!” Katsuki snaps at the spiky idiot as they draw close to the central plaza where the
main fight is happening. “You’ve gotta be fuckin quiet or they’re gonna hear us coming from
a mile off!” The bastard gives Katsuki a thumbs up, grinning, and if those pointy teeth of his
can’t make him look intimidating, Katsuki doesn’t think anything can.
Katsuki looks over the plaza, taking a moment to assess the situation, but the main problem is
pretty immediately obvious. Some freak of nature has All Might trapped in its claws, while
the misty jackass Katsuki is after gives his villain monologue. Fucking incompetent , Katsuki
swears. Everyone knows that if you want something done you just fucking do it . There’s no
reason to talk about it, especially not in the long-winded over dramatic way villains are so
stereotypically fond of.
Katsuki doesn’t bother to say anything to Shitty Hair - again, why fucking bother with that
waste-of-time bullshit. With one hand, he propels himself forward, throwing himself into the
fight high and fast. With the other, he aims a large explosion at the center of the warp gate’s
mass. The detonation doesn’t connect with anything, but it wasn’t particularly meant to.
While the villain reels from the size and volume of the blast, Katsuki uses the smoke kicked
up as a cover, striking with precision to grab the misty jackass’ metal collar, using his
momentum to take them both to the ground.
That’s what the fucker gets for dropping Katsuki off in the middle of nowhere like
yesterday’s god damned trash.
Katsuki has the gate pinned for all of a second when the Half-and-Half Bastard shows up,
sending forward a wave of ice that entirely coats half of the monster holding All Might.
Grudgingly, Katsuki can admit the display is pretty impressive, even if it’s unnecessary, since
he’s got the situation under control already. As All Might pries himself free of the thing’s
weakened grip, Shitty Hair dives in as well, lunging at Handjob and then complaining loudly
when the crusty bastard just steps out of the way.
Crusty sighs. “Well, we’re in a pinch, now. Without our warp gate, we have no way out of
here.”
Katsuki smiles viscously, turning his attention back to the nobody he has pinned. The gate
watches him with unreadable yellow eyes that twist and waver like smoke.

“You careless bastard,” Katsuki mocks. “I knew it. You act so untouchable, but only parts of
you can actually turn into a misty warp gate. You just cover your actual body with the fog,
huh? If you were actually just mist and physical attacks couldn’t touch you, you wouldn’t
have had to dodge back at the entrance. You should be more fucking careful with shit like
that, you know.” Beneath him, mist twists and writhes, but the tendrils shudder to a halt when
Katsuki sets off a burst of small warning explosions. “Don’t even think about it. You move a
fucking inch in a way I don’t like and your ass is done for.”
The Hand Fucker stands to the side, hands clasped politely in front of him as if he isn’t some
kind of raging homicidal bastard. He’s not half as afraid as he should be, considering that he’s
facing down the number one hero with his escape route cut off, but then again, Katsuki had
decided from the very beginning that these guys were obviously morons.
“Wow,” the moron says, word drawn out in a self-satisfied mockery of amazement. “Half my
party has been taken out and they’re not even injured. Kids these days really are amazing.
You’re gonna make the League of Villains look bad.”
The attitude grates at Katsuki’s nerves, all casual and disinterested, like he’s fucking above
them all even though he’s getting his ass handed to him. Anger bubbles up Katsuki’s throat,
and he’s about to snap something in response - probably something along the lines of not
needing to make them look bad when they do the job on their own - when the villain speaks
again.
“Nomu.”
The thing, still half frozen and stuck through a warp gate, shudders. Its muscles shift and roll
beneath its skin, disgustingly pronounced, as it gets its legs beneath it and hauls itself from
the murky portal. As it moves, the ice around it creaks and groans, horrible sounds that the
monster pays no attention to at all. When it frees itself and comes to a stand, the ice lets out a
series of cracks, all of them as loud as gunshots, fracturing apart and taking skin and flesh
and bone along the way. The freak teeters, but does not make a sound, seeming indifferent to
the sudden loss of half its limbs.
Blood flows lethargically from the stumps left behind, vessels constricted by the cold. There
are chunks of meat scattered across the ground and Katsuki can’t tear his eyes off of them.
The lack of gore somehow makes it all the more gruesome. And Handjob is still just standing
and watching, so assured, not a drop of fear in him, and Katsuki’s skin crawls with the
sudden certainty that the fucker has something up those ratty sleeves of his.
Only a moment later, the creeping suspicion is confirmed. The monster’s raw flesh writhes
and bubbles outward, swelling and then bursting with a terrible wet noise that turns Katsuki’s
stomach. Compared to the almost anticlimactic nature of the loss of the limbs, their
regeneration is graphic and disturbing. Shitty Hair makes an ill-sounding noise to Katsuki’s
side.
“So his quirk wasn’t shock absorption, after all,” All Might says, grim faced. Even he’s not
entirely unaffected by the sight, a hint of revulsion ticking at the corner of his unsmiling
mouth.

“Oh, it is,” Handjob corrects with poorly concealed glee. “It’s just not his only one. Afterall,
he needs more than just shock absorption to go toe-to-toe with the guy at the top of the
leaderboards. He’s been modified to take you at 100%. This is his Super Regeneration.”
Katsuki barely has time to contemplate the implication that this thing has more than one
fucking quirk - how is that even possible? What kind of freak of nature are they actually
dealing with here? It’s overwhelming to even consider and, for a half second, Katsuki stops
following the conversation.
A small corner of Katsuki’s mind, dark and well ignored, grows larger and the thoughts he
closes up there leak like a gas into the rest of his mind, faint and intangible, but deadly all the
same. He thinks - against his own will, like the thought is holding him at gunpoint - about a
boy who briefly had two quirks while Katsuki himself had none at all. He does not let the
thought go further, even as it tries to take shape. He does not think the name, does not picture
those eyes, does not remember the feeling.
Vulnerable and helpless - so, so helpless. Useless and worthless and not even himself,
anymore.
He hears Handjob say, “Now, let’s get our gate back,” but it seems inconsequential next to the
idea of somehow having more than one fucking quirk.
He hears, “Nomu,” but does not think about what that means because he is too busy pointedly
not thinking about other things.
Even if Katsuki had been paying proper attention, even if he had been vigilant and on his
guard, he never would have been able to move in time. As it is, he doesn’t even see anything.
One moment he is frozen, held hostage by his own contemplation, and the next he is
tumbling across the ground.
He lands, half sitting half sprawled, next to Shitty Hair and Freezerburn, neither of whom
notice him. They stare, eyes bulging and appalled, at the deep trench carved through the floor
of the USJ, leading to a distant wall which has largely been reduced to rubble, dust clouding
the air. Katsuki stares as well, entirely unsure about what just occurred. The numbness of
surprise gives quickly to anger at being surprised, anger at himself for his distraction and
anger at the villains for daring to fucking touch him in the first place.
“Oh my god, Tomura!” someone screams, puncturing the moment of silence that had
otherwise only been broken by the soft click and clatter of bits of debris from the wall falling
against each other.
Katsuki wonders if maybe he just died. If that monstrous thing slammed into him so hard and
fast he didn’t even get to feel it, if he’s pulverized into mincemeat somewhere beyond that
veil of dust.
He must be dead, because he’s looking at a fucking ghost.
Green hair and green eyes. Too many freckles on too-round cheeks. Trembling lower lip and
pathetically beguiling expression. Pitiful and on the brink of tears.

“What did you do?!” Midoriya Izuku demands, clinging to the arm of the villain covered in
disembodied hands, clutching at his sleeve and shaking him.
Or that is what Izuku would be doing, would be demanding, if he were actually here. But he’s
not, because he can’t be. Katsuki can’t wrap his head around it. Whatever is happening,
Katsuki knows he is angry - or perhaps he has transcended simple anger and jumped into
catastrophic outrage - but that is all he understands. Nothing else makes any fucking sense.
Except, in a way, it kind of does, doesn’t it? Katsuki had been so glad when Deku had been
removed from his life, but Katsuki had always been the only one keeping Deku in check, the
only one who knew what the other boy was capable of and kept him in his place. Without
Katsuki around, who reminded Deku what he really was, huh? Nobody, apparently.
Because here Deku is, right where Katsuki never expected to see him but always knew he
would end up.
A villain.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
Violence, injury, and associated distress.
Because we’re still at the USJ!
Izuku finally finished step one of his plan! It only took, what, ~45k words? Rest assured,
it shouldn’t take another 50k to get to step two. Unless I’m lying, which, as we have
established, is a very real possibility.
Katsuki @ Izuku: You don’t even GO here!
Aizawa: I’m a bad bitch, you can’t kill me
Also Aizawa, on the brink of death: I need coffee and medical attention, in that order
Next Chapter: Erasure - Part IV (god damn it)
Update: Dec. 3
I have a dentist appointment next week, but that shouldn't stop me from posting. Chapter
will probably just be up a couple of hours earlier or later than usual

Chapter 8: Erasure - Part IV
Chapter Notes

CWs in endnotes
QUESTION
Y’all want a discord? A couple of people have suggested it, and I know a lot of
fics/authors have one when they reach a certain level of popularity (and man, is it weird
to think of this story as popular, but that’s the imposter syndrome talking) but I’ve never
joined one.
What are they for? What channels would it need? What would I even call it? If you like
the idea, give me your guidance and wisdom, oh readers.
Anyway, I’m now off to the dentist. Pray for me.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Sending Nomu to retrieve Kurogiri has mixed results. The key element of their escape plan is
free, which Tomura counts as a success. But now Izuku is yelling which is … less satisfying,
to say the least.
“What did you do?!” the brat practically shrieks, shaking at Tomura’s arm with enough force
to make him sway slightly back and forth.
“I got our gate back,” Tomura replies, stating the obvious.
Izuku keens slightly in response, a small but distinctly pained cry that reminds Tomura of a
wounded animal. Izuku presses his forehead to Tomura’s shoulder and shakes him harder for
a moment before going slack. Izuku is still and silent, but Tomura knows he’s crying with a
certainty that steals some of the breath from his lungs, chest aching. Wetness on his sleeve
confirms it a moment later.
Tomura hasn’t been blind to Izuku’s heightening emotional state through the course of the
attack, and he shouldn’t be surprised that it’s culminating in this kind of breakdown. Really,
he should have seen this coming before they even stepped foot in the USJ. He shouldn’t have
allowed Izuku to come at all. After all, the younger boy has never really had a stomach for
violence. He’s better suited as a support character – assisting from behind the scenes and kept
safely out of the main battle. It was foolish to bring Izuku here, for both the wellbeing of the
boy and the plan, but it seemed like it would be more fun, playing in co-op, so Tomura had
ignored the glaring problems.
Tomura scans their surroundings, trying to quickly evaluate the situation. It won’t do for them
to be attacked while Izuku is in the middle of a breakdown. The three students that
interrupted the plan hover to the side, even the explosive blonde one with the bad attitude that

had been holding Kurogiri hostage. Tomura clicks his tongue at the realization that All Might
must have taken the blow for the brat, but he supposes it’s for the best, since it means that the
hero isn’t an immediate issue while Izuku has his moment. Tomura keeps one eye on the
cloud of dust where All Might must have ended up, waiting for the man to emerge.
With the other, he watches students themselves, all three of whom stare at Tomura and Izuku,
attention caught by Izuku’s brief moment of hysteria. Whatever quirk the rogue had been
using must have either been deactivated or lost its effectiveness when the boy was screaming,
because the hero brats are looking more at Izuku than Tomura.
Blasty seems especially fixated, glaring at Izuku with exponentially increasing ire that
Tomura can almost feel a kinship with. He knows how it feels, that black sludge of rage –
thick, heavy, and sticky – and he wonders what it is doing in a hero student. Under different
circumstances, he would probably be fascinated, but as it is, Tomura tugs Izuku behind him
slightly, positioning himself between his brother and that toxic look. Izuku lets Tomura move
him with no protest, no reaction at all.
The blonde had been sitting on the ground, legs sprawled in front of him, but as Tomura
shifts, he stands. The movement is graceful, but full of a dangerous, lurking tension, like a
rubber band pulled taut.
“Bakugou!” the shirtless redhead who tried to attack Tomura exclaims. “You’re not dead!”
Behind Tomura, Izuku moves, pulling his face from Tomura’s shoulder and peering over it
instead. The blonde one takes a slow, intentional step forward and Tomura resists the urge to
grab Izuku’s head and force him back down to keep the brat hidden in his shadow.
“Deku,” Blasty growls, low and threatening, more sinister than the feral and violent glee he
showed earlier when he had Kurogiri at his mercy.
Alarms go off in Tomura’s head, but Izuku – whose sense of self-preservation has always
been inconsistent, at best – doesn’t seem to notice, attempting to duck out from behind
Tomura and into the open. Tomura grabs his arm before he can, grip careful, as always, but
tight and unwavering, nonetheless.
“Kacchan!” Izuku calls. His voice is thick with tears and relief, both of which prick like pins
along Tomura’s skin. “You dodged!”
“Shut up, scum.”
Izuku flinches. Tomura squeezes his arm.
“You’re Kacchan?” Tomura asks, looking at the boy through new eyes. “Bakugou Katsuki?
I’ve heard a lot about you. Scum.” And as angry and vitriolic as Bakugou made his words,
Tomura makes his own ten times more so. He has heard all about Bakugou Katsuki, poster
boy for the new generation of heroes, who thought violence was his privilege. It seems he
hasn’t changed since he was ten years old.
Izuku reaches up, grabs the wrist of the hand that Tomura is using to hold him, and squeezes
once in reply to Tomura’s earlier gesture. Tomura forces himself to take a breath through the

hatred that is trying to replace the air in his lungs.
Bakugou takes another step forward, then another, each faster than the last. His palms crackle
with small explosions. Tomura lets go of Izuku’s arm – though he’s sure to shove his brother
back behind him, first – keeping both hands free, splayed open at his hips. Another step –
two, three – and the other students are shouting words of alarm or warning, falling on deaf
ears since Bakugou is obviously only seconds from launching himself and Tomura is all too
happy to intercept.
A fraction of a moment after Bakugou’s feet leave the ground, he is snatched out of the air, a
large hand coming from nowhere to close around the metal collar of his hero costume. All
Might holds him up, feet suspended nearly a foot off the ground, not even sparing his student
a glance as the child kicks and snarls like a savage beast. Instead, All Might stares at Tomura,
eyes so intensely blue they are practically glowing beneath the heavy shadow of his brow.
“I will handle things from here, young Bakugou.” He drops a loudly but incoherently
protesting Bakugou to the ground, stopping him with an arm across the chest when the teen
tries to advance anyway. Without turning to look at them, he addresses the group of students,
“You three, return to the entrance.” To Tomura, he says, “You really don’t know how to hold
back, do you?”
“Hold back?” Tomura echoes. “Why would I do that? You’re not. I mean, that… angry one,
he threatened to kill Kurogiri, you know. And just now, he tried to attack a helpless little kid.
I was just trying to protect my companions.”
“Helpless my ass,” Bakugou – who unsurprisingly has made no move to return to the
entrance, though he has retreated slightly to stand with the other students – barks. “He’s a
fucking villain. I’d be doing the world a favor.” Ignoring the comment is a struggle,
especially when Izuku flinches at his back, but Tomura keeps his attention on All Might.
“But it’s fine when they do it, huh?” Tomura asks, mock thoughtful. “They’re doing the
world a favor. Violence for the sake of others makes it admirable. It’s okay to hurt people if
you’re protecting others. Well, as long as those others are worthy of protection.
“And you know what, hero? I’m angry. I’m angry at this world that calls the same violent
acts ‘heroic’ or ‘villainous.’ Symbol of Peace.” Tomura barks a bitter laugh. “It’s a joke,
really. You go around pretending that you save everyone, and everyone else pretends that
they’re safe, but you’re just a sword masquerading as a shield.
“Violence only breeds violence, All Might. The world will finally see that, when we kill
you.”
“That’s preposterous,” All Might replies so immediately that Tomura knows he didn’t bother
to listen. “I’ve seen eyes like yours in countless villains over the years. You revel in
destruction. You just want to enjoy this, don’t you, you liar?”
He’s not entirely wrong. Tomura is well aware of the flaws in the hero system, but social
reform is more up Izuku’s alley than his. Tomura would rather just tear it all down. Sensei,
Izuku, or someone else can worry about rebuilding things. Still, the truth of All Might’s

words does nothing to negate the truth of Tomura’s, regardless of his personal investment in
the message they are trying to send.
One of the students, the one half encased in ice, like some kind of arctic cyborg, steps
forward. “It’s three against four,” he says.
The shirtless one nods and punches jaggedly shaped fists together. “These guys may be crazy,
but we have them outnumbered! We can push them back!”
Four against four, actually, but Tomura isn’t arrogant enough to correct them.
Given Izuku’s behavior – first crying, now silently hiding behind Tomura – it’s reasonable for
them to have counted him out, but ultimately foolish. As soft a touch as Izuku is, he’s smart
and skilled, not an opponent to underestimate. He would doubtlessly fight to protect Tomura
and Kurogiri if push came to shove. Maybe he wouldn’t want to kill anyone, but Tomura is
certain that Izuku could non-lethally subdue any of the three with minimal struggle. Tomura
may regret bringing Izuku here, but when it comes to surviving and escaping – if not
succeeding – Izuku is an ace up their sleeve even more than Nomu is.
“No!” All Might snaps back at the NPCs, though his head only half-turns in their direction
and his eyes stay trained on Tomura. “Run away!”
“Earlier, you would have been in trouble without our help,” Frosty says flatly.
“That was a different situation, young Todoroki. Thank you for your help, but it’s fine now!
Get to safety and watch as a pro gives it everything he’s got!”
The students shift on their feet but make no move to retreat, faces concerned, doubtful and
enraged – Shirtless, Frosty, and Bakugou respectively. Responding to their hesitation, All
Might turns, facing them fully for the first time since he emerged from the crater Nomu left
him in. Tomura can see the corner of his mouth lift as he grins at them, flashing them a
thumbs up. It’s meant to be reassuring, Tomura is sure, but to him, on the other side of things,
with the hero so carelessly facing away as if Tomura’s not even a threat, the gesture is empty
and taunting and infuriating. He claws at his neck, slipping his fingers under the hands there
to get at relatively unmarked skin.
Tomura has had enough talking.
“Nomu. Kurogiri. Handle him. I’ll deal with the children. Now, let’s clear this and go home.”
He grins, knowing the expression likely makes him look unhinged – Izuku has said as much
more times than Tomura could count. He wonders briefly what would be more unnerving:
wearing the hands he clasps onto his figure like body armor or leaving his face bare and his
expression visible.
“Tomura, don’t,” Izuku protests.
But Tomura is already running forwards towards the brats. Bakugou surges to meet him
instantaneously, but the other two hesitate in surprise for a solid second before taking up

defensive stances.
Before Tomura can reach them, Nomu collides with All Might in a meeting of titans. The
generated air pressure is so insane that it sends Tomura careening through the air, flipping
over once and barely getting his feet back under him in time to land safely. The students were
propelled in the opposite direction, crouched on the ground with a large slate of ice bracing
them from behind. They aren’t that far away, still easily within attacking distance, but
Tomura can’t risk so much as lifting his feet, under threat of going airborne again.
To the side, Kurogiri’s form wavers with the wind, not able to take any shape long enough to
be helpful. Closer, Izuku kneels on the ground, fingers buried to the knuckle in concrete to
keep himself anchored.
“Damn,” Tomura curses under his breath, then raises his voice, shouting so his words aren’t
stolen by the wind, “Hey! You already know about his shock absorption, what’s the point of
all this?”
“Shock absorption!” All Might calls back. “Not shock nullification! All quirks have their
limits! If he can handle me at 100%, I’ll just force him to surrender from beyond that.” The
confidence of the words makes Tomura’s teeth grind, scraping painfully against each other at
odd angles. The fighting pair go storming through a copse of nearby trees, flashing in and out
of sight as they trade blows, their path of destruction and chaos obvious even when they’re
out of view.
“Tomura,” Izuku says, barely audible over the clamor of the battle. “We have to leave!”
Tomura had been planning to ignore the brat but turns to him in surprise. “Huh? Why the hell
would we do that?”
“This isn’t going to work! We lost the moment one of the students escaped. It’s only a matter
of time before this place is swarming with pros, and the longer we try to delay the inevitable,
the more likely it is that we’re not getting out of here.”
Flying out of the trees, All Might and Nomu go aerial. Rapid series of jabs and punches
volley them in the air, suspending them against gravity. Nomu is slower than All Might, but
shows no sign of damage or fatigue, while the hero has blood leaking from his mouth and
abdomen.
Tomura is sure that they can win. Sensei specifically made Nomu for this purpose, and if
Sensei says he is strong enough, then he is.
But, Tomura must admit to himself, digging his thumbnail into the hollow of his collarbones,
that this is a marathon, not a sprint. This fight is a matter of enduring and outlasting and
Izuku is right that they simply might not have time for that.
Nomu swings an arm at All Might’s head, but the hero catches it around the elbow, twisting
through the air, using all his momentum and weight to hurl Tomura’s specially made weapon
into the ground. Beneath Nomu’s body, the ground spiderwebs and concaves, huge slabs of
concrete flying into the air as the floor of the USJ is cratered.

“We have to go,” Izuku insists, even as Nomu stands, unaffected by the impact. “Tomura,
please, you have to listen to me!”
“Aren’t you meant to be invisible?” Tomura snaps back, patience frayed.
“There’s no point! Everyone already knows I’m here. If they know to look, the quirk won’t
stop them from seeing. Another reason we need to leave.”
“I won’t let anyone hurt you,” Tomura assures, and despite Izuku’s irritating persistence that
they retreat, Tomura means it. Regardless of what else happens in the battle, Izuku being
injured has never been an option.
“It’s not me I’m worried about!”
All Might interrupts, “You should have listened to your companion when you had the chance,
villain. Have you ever heard these words? Go beyond! Plus Ultra!”
The cry is long and drawn out and laughable in its dramatism, but it is paired with a blow so
strong Nomu’s body seems to stretch around it like putty, distorting in an unnatural arch
around All Might’s fist. For a fraction of a second, Nomu is braced against the ground, and it
seems like he can weather the hit, but then the force overcomes him, driving him up and back
with so much speed he becomes a blur to the eye.
Steel screams as Nomu crashes into the side of the domed ceiling, bending plates and then
splitting them, leaving a jagged hole behind. In only fractions of seconds, barely slowed by
the collision, Nomu – the League of Villain’s secret weapon, their trump card – is gone.

Izuku watches as the nomu is ejected from the USJ with dreadful resignation. He had known,
from the very beginning, that no monster All for One made was going to be enough to kill the
Symbol of Peace, but he is not glad to be correct, especially as Tomura makes an inarticulate
sound of frustration under his breath.
“We need to go,” Izuku says again, praying that this time Tomura will hear him.
“What’s wrong?” All Might asks, standing alone and victorious in a cloud of dust. “You said
you’d ‘clear this,’ didn’t you? Well, come and get me if you can.” Any impact Izuku’s plea
may have had is erased by the taunt.
“You were meant to be weaker,” Tomura growls. “We were–”
“We were mistaken,” Izuku interrupts. He closes the distance between them to stand again by
Tomura’s side. “Let’s go. Without the nomu–”
“Nomu. Man, if only we still had Nomu. That guy could go against All Might without even
thinking of anything.”

Izuku doesn’t bother pointing out that they had already set the nomu against All Might, that it
had already failed them. Tomura wouldn’t see the reasoning in something like that. He’s
beyond it, at this point.
“We don’t have him,” Izuku says, clinging to whatever tendrils of patience he can find. “So,
we need to leave.”
“No,” Kurogiri interjects, voice firm and confident. For a flash of an instant, Izuku wants to
throttle him, but swallows the urge down and buries it with all of his festering frustration.
“He was certainly weakened by that attack. We likely have at least a few more minutes before
reinforcements arrive, meaning the children are his only backup, and they seem to be frozen
in fear. We, on the other hand, still have underlings that can be used. If we work together, we
still have a chance of killing him.”
Izuku darts a glance over to the students, and while a moment ago they may have been frozen
in any mix of fear, shock, or uncertainty, there is movement among them now. As Katsuki
stands, Tomura’s head turns towards the motion and Izuku knows the moment the older boy
remembers Katsuki’s presence, his entire body growing impossibly tense beside Izuku.
“We have to get out of here,” Izuku says one more time, rote and hollow.
But Tomura does not listen. His anger has already found its perfect match, its perfect outlet.
Two identically enraged pairs of red eyes clash, and the both of them smile feral, savage
smiles. They take half steps towards each other, in sync.
Izuku grabs Tomura’s arm just as the red-haired boy with the hardening quirk grabs
Katsuki’s. Katsuki shakes his classmate’s grip off in an instant, but Tomura locks up in
Izuku’s, bicep twitching as he restrains himself from blindly lunging forward.
“I don’t want him dead, Tomura,” Izuku says.
He knows it means something. It’s not as if Tomura doesn’t care what he wants. The entire
reason he wants to hurt Katsuki in the first place is to avenge what was done to Izuku in his
youth. Izuku’s words mean something here. They have power over Tomura, Izuku knows.
But he’s not sure it’s enough. Not sure how strongly his desires weigh against the blind thirst
for violence that has possessed Tomura here today.
“Worry about yourself, Deku,” Katsuki spits from across the field.
That is what breaks things.
That single careless and spiteful sentence is all it takes for Tomura to snap.
He tears himself from Izuku’s grip and is gone in an instant. Katsuki aims an explosion at
him as he approaches, but Kurogiri wraps a portal around it, easy as anything. It is child’s
play, how quickly Tomura has his hands on Katsuki, wrapped around his gauntlet as the other
two students dive back and out of the way. The support item crumbles, turning to dust with a

creeping slowness that is entirely deliberate on Tomura’s part, designed to intimidate and
horrify rather than simply destroy.
“You’re a nasty one, aren’t you?” Tomura asks, leaning close to sneer in Katsuki’s face. “You
attack my warp gate; you attack my player two. Man, you’re just asking for trouble, aren’t
you?”
Katsuki’s lip curls into some unnatural combination of a snarl and a smirk. With Tomura so
close to him, it is easy for him to spit in the older boy’s face. White and frothy, most of it
splatters on the back of the hand over Tomura’s face, but some drips through the cracks of the
fingers and Tomura reels back with a disgusted howl. Tomura lets Katsuki go, stumbling
back a few steps to rip the hand from his face. Harsh and compulsive, he scrubs at his skin
with the sleeve of his shirt, muttering words under his breath that Izuku can only hear the
venom of.
Katsuki does not wait for Tomura to pull himself back together. He winds back his right arm,
blatantly telegraphing the trajectory and strength of his intended blow, just like he always did
when they were children.
It’s simple for Izuku to step between them. He activates one of many speed enhancing quirks
he has stored away to cross the distance in the time it takes to blink, wrapping his arms
around Katsuki’s in an instant. Grasping the boy right above his elbow, Izuku braces his feet,
bends his knees slightly, pivots, and sends Katsuki flying over his shoulder. The blonde hits
the ground hard, air audibly punched from his lungs, and rolls twice before popping up onto
an elbow, heaving to catch his breath.
Izuku snatches the severed hand from Tomura’s grip and Tomura stares at him, eyes wide and
wild, mad in more ways than one, but beneath all of that scared in the way Izuku despises
most.
“We are leaving,” Izuku says, no longer asking, no longer begging.
Tomura grabs him by the collar of his shirt and tosses him to the side. For a moment, Izuku
thinks, rather hysterically, that he has finally pushed Tomura too far. That he has finally
discovered the hard limit of his not-brother’s tolerance. That he’s about to be made the target
of all that rage.
Then Katsuki is there, hand snatching and combusting right where Izuku’s head had been.
Tomura must be able to feel the heat of the explosions, as close as he is – Izuku is familiar
with the blasts and the exact ways they’ll sear at your skin from various distances – but if
Tomura feels any pain, he doesn’t show it.
Instead, he closes his hand around Katsuki’s throat.
But there is no screaming, no blood, not yet. Tense silence falls, the type of quiet that only
comes with bated breath and bodies held so taut that they tremble in their attempts at
stillness.
Only four fingers.

Izuku doesn’t dare stand up, afraid that small movement will somehow result in a deadly
twitch. Even Katsuki stays still, doesn’t fight or attempt to free himself, aware of just how
precarious his situation is.
“Put him down,” Izuku says, low and strained.
Katsuki, rendered silent for a moment, growls, though he still doesn’t struggle. “I don’t need
your help you shitty fucking thief, you goddamned villain, get out of my fucking life already,
I’m going to ki–” Tomura’s fingers tighten and Katsuki’s words gurgle off.
“You’re the kind of person I hate the most,” Tomura says, soft and casual as Katsuki goes red
from oxygen deprivation and fury. “A real hypocrite, you know? You're supposed to be a
hero, but he’s the one trying to save you.”
“Tomura, don’t.”
“You won’t kill him. He probably deserves it, but you’re too good–” the word is spat,
simultaneously spiteful and fond, like a bite that could have injected venom and chose not to
“–for that. So, I’ll do it for you. Everyone wins.”
What is All Might doing, Izuku wonders with frantic helplessness. Isn’t this exactly the kind
of thing he should be stopping? No, he’s just standing there, exactly where he was when he
defeated the nomu, watching. There’s pain and frustration in his gaze – a good amount of
rage as well – but he just stands there, even when Izuku manages to make eye contact.
And the students – they just stand there, too. The one with the hardening quirk – his face is a
study of horror, and his hands float around his stomach as if reaching for something to do, but
he is paralyzed. The one with the temperature control quirk, the chimera – he is entirely
blank, mouth flat, eyes empty, arms limp at his sides.
Useless. They’re all useless. It all falls on Izuku. All the pressure. All the blame.
Like always.
“Put him down,” Izuku repeats. “Tomura. Please.”
“Shigaraki Tomura,” Kurogiri says. “This boy is not our target. We are running out of time if
we want to destroy the world’s Symbol.”
Tomura does not respond for a long moment, long enough that Katsuki starts face starts to
gradient from red to purple. Then Tomura sighs and, with a deceptively careless motion,
flings Katsuki into the red-haired student, sending both boys tumbling to the ground. Katsuki
coughs and hacks in the background while Tomura turns back to All Might.
“How unprofessional,” he says, “getting distracted with the scrubs when the final boss is
right in front of me. Where were we?”
“We’re done here,” Izuku announces, before All Might can open his mouth and antagonize
Tomura further.

“We haven’t cleared the level yet.”
“No. We’ve failed it. It’s time for us to go so we can play another day. Kurogiri.”
“Shigaraki Izuku. I don’t think–”
“I don’t care,” Izuku bites out, uncharacteristic and uncomfortable, but necessary. “Open a
portal.”
Kurogiri hesitates, but only for a moment. Tomura is the one in charge here, yes, but Izuku is
his father’s son, and there is power in that, on the rare occasion he is willing to wield it. The
portal blooms like a bruise in front of them and Izuku gestures to it with a stern glare at
Tomura.
“You’re going to flee?” All Might calls to them, with a thread of desperation in his voice.
He’s stalling, Izuku realizes. “Run away like cowards the moment things don’t go according
to plan?”
Tomura turns to the hero with a snarl primed and ready, but Izuku grabs him by the arm and
tosses him through the gate before he can get a word out.
“It’s a tactical retreat,” Izuku corrects, half to himself, moving towards the portal without
sending All Might a single glance.
Pain bursts through his shoulder when his foot is just halfway through, and he does not walk
the rest of the distance so much as fall.

There is an unusual moment of delay between the portal’s appearance and Tomura’s entrance
into the bar. Calling it an entrance is generous, really. Tomura stumbles in at an angle that
sends him flying back-first into the bar, tripping over his feet and ending up on the floor,
limbs tangled with the legs of the barstools he brought down with him. Hisashi steps to the
side just in time to avoid the worst of the mess, staring impassively down at Tomura, who
shoots sidelong glances in his direction as he tries to stand, cursing under his breath with
each bumped shin or elbow. The boy is scowling intensely, his baleful stare exposed in the
absence of the severed hand that typically covers his face when participating in more
“villainous” activities.
A moment later, a second figure tumbles through the warp gate, no more gracefully than the
first, and it is only centuries of experience that prevent Hisashi from doing a double take.
Izuku falls face first into the bar. Catching himself with one arm, he rolls to the side and tucks
his legs up, drawing them out the portal to allow Kurogiri to close it.
Let the record show that Hisashi, until this very second, was under the impression that Izuku
was in his bedroom, locked away from the dirty-handed dealings he generally wanted no part

of. It is rare for Hisashi to be truly surprised, but his son manages it far more often than most.
Now it elicits a strange combination of pride and concern in Hisashi’s chest. Like surprise,
these are feelings that only Izuku manages to evoke in him with any regularity. Even five
years after embracing fatherhood, the emotions are still novel, given the nearly two centuries
he spent more or less without them.
“You goddamned brat,” Tomura growls as he finally manages to stand. He drags one of the
many fallen barstools up with him. Eddying into the room as soon as the portal closes,
Kurogiri stares, the narrowing of his yellow eyes the only expression of his irritation at the
mess.
“We didn’t discuss Izuku’s attendance,” Hisashi says, carefully neutral.
Tomura’s makes to respond, but Izuku interjects, “It w-was my id-idea.” His voice is strained,
drawn tight in his throat. “He – he didn’t w-want me to go, but I… I ins-s-insisted.”
Unlike Tomura, Izuku has made no effort to stand, collapsed on his side with his legs half
drawn up, curled around them in a loose fetal position. Any pride Hisashi felt at Izuku’s
choice to actively involve himself in the mission gives way to concern.
“Are you alright?” he asks. For the first time in years, the quirks Hisashi has collected to
compensate for his lack of sight don’t feel sufficient.
“I-I’m, um – I’m f-f-fine.” Izuku’s words crack around the edges, sounding raw in the spaces
between. Tears start to drip from his eyes, carving paths along the bridge of his nose and
thickening his voice with every word. “R-re-really. B-but – I, uh, I-I thi-think I’ve b-be-been
– um, uh.”
Izuku’s stutter was quite persistent when he was younger, and though it has improved majorly
over the years, it still makes occasional appearances whenever the boy is especially anxious
or uncertain about something. Hisashi has never heard it like this though, fumbling and
broken as if the syllables are shaking apart behind his teeth. The concern spikes.
Hisashi drops to his knees next to his son, placing a hand on his forehead. The skin there is
slick with a cold sweat and Hisashi spares a moment to brush the boy’s hair back before
activating a diagnostic quirk and scanning him over.
Some things are to be expected – bruises from training and rough housing with Tomura, a
degree of quirk fatigue that is noticeable enough to register but not extreme enough to
warrant attention, old injuries to his right wrist that still sometimes cause him a low level of
discomfort.
Hisashi does not expect to find a bullet hole through his only son’s left shoulder.
In his years, Hisashi has seen a considerable number of injuries. He has caused a substantial
proportion of them. Blood, violence, wounds of any nature – these are things he has long
since been desensitized to, and never expected to be bothered by again.

But this – a hole through his son’s shoulder, blood leaking through Izuku’s fingers onto the
floor of the bar, Izuku stuttering words out of teeth that he’s clenched in pain. This is
untenable.
“You’ve been shot,” Hisashi says. Anger lurks under his calm tone, like some massive,
starving beast that prowls beneath glass-smooth and deceptively deep waters.
“Y-yeah, u-uh, m-may-maybe. I th-think so.”
“He’s been what?” Tomura shouts, too loud for the size of the room they are all in. There is
nothing insidious about his rage, snapping teeth in plain view. “How the fuck did that
happen?!”
Under different circumstances, Hisashi would likely grimace at the language. Words are
cheap to begin with, but curse words especially so, and he has tried to encourage his son and
pupil to express themselves more eloquently. Tomura curses more often than Hisashi would
like, but at the moment it seems warranted.
“W-w-wh–”
“Hush,” Hisashi interrupts. Izuku’s teeth snap together with an audible click. Hisashi’s
diagnostic quirk, still active, informs him that Izuku has just bitten his tongue, but the boy
doesn’t even seem to register that minor injury, eclipsed beneath the shadow of pain in his
shoulder. “Kurogiri, explain.”
“The attack did not go according to plan. The nomu you sent with us was defeated. Backup,
retrieved by a wayward student, arrived just moments after the young master ordered a
retreat. Unfortunately, the single instant of overlap was long enough for one of the heroes to
fire a shot.”
“Send me back,” Tomura demands. “I’ll show them what we’re really capable of, I’ll make
them regret so much as looking at him–”
Hisashi interrupts what is quickly becoming the beginnings of a rant. “Sit down, Tomura.”
With a bitten back scoff, Tomura does.
Hisashi turns his attention back to his son. Izuku – wan on the floor, eyes clenched shut,
hissing shaking and uneven breaths between his teeth – is holding himself together
remarkably well, all things considered. In the grand scheme of things, the injury is not too
severe. Nothing of importance was hit and the bullet carved a clean path through and through.
With the resources at their disposal, Izuku is in absolutely no danger.
But that doesn’t make the injury hurt any less. Before now, the worst Izuku has ever been
harmed was likely the sludge villain attack when he was ten. Even that incident resulted in
mostly superficial physical damage, the majority of the trauma being mental and emotional.
This is certainly the most pain Izuku has ever been in.
As Hisashi cards a hand through the sweat-damp hair at the nape of Izuku’s neck, he hopes
this is the most pain his son will ever be in. He hopes, but he knows that it’s likely an empty

sentiment, especially if Izuku’s life ends up looking anything like Hisashi’s own. Still, he’ll
do his best to shelter Izuku from whatever bits of it he can.
“You have a quirk for this, yes?” Hisashi asks. “I’m fairly certain I brought you one, at some
point.”
Izuku nods. “B-but it-it’ll p-put-put me to sle-sl-sleep.”
“Perhaps that’s for the best. You’re safe here. You can rest now. Activate the quirk and allow
yourself to heal.”
Izuku’s eyes are bright and glassy with pain but intent as he stares up at Hisashi. Hisashi
worries for a moment that Izuku will refuse, as unreasonably stubborn as he can sometimes
be, but then his eyes dim and flutter shut. The diagnostic quirk pings the additional fatigue.
Combined with the exhaustion from the attack on the USJ, it’s likely that healing the injury
will leave Izuku unconscious for several hours, at the least.
“Kurogiri, get him cleaned up and put away in his room, would you? Bandage him up, too.
He should heal on his own without any difficulty, but it wouldn’t do for him to bleed all over
his things.”
“Of course, Sir.” Nodding, Kurogiri opens a portal beneath Izuku, dropping him gently in
some other location, before disappearing himself to do as Hisashi bade.
“I’m not going to let them get away with this,” Tomura says lowly once they are alone. He is
seated obediently, but the fury in his eyes has not been tempered.
“Nor will I. They sealed their fates the moment they touched him. I don’t take kindly to
threats to me or mine, Tomura. You know this.”
“Then why didn’t you let me go back? I’d make them pay, you know I would, it’s what
you’ve been training me for–”
“An unknown number of professional heroes had arrived on the scene, my nomu was
apparently defeated, you no longer had the element of surprise. Would you like me to list
more flaws in your plan, or is that enough?” Tomura scowls, agitation clear as he scratches at
his neck, but does not respond. “You already failed once. Are you really so eager to run in
and fail a second time?”
“We shouldn’t have failed at all,” Tomura spits. “All Might was supposed to be weak. You
said Nomu would be able to take him.”
“And on a different day, perhaps it would have. No plan is perfect. You account for what you
can and make up for the rest with luck and skill. Today, you were neither lucky nor skilled.
You underestimated them and failed as a result. And on the topic: where is my nomu?”
Hisashi can see the muscles of Tomura’s jaw twitch as the boy grinds his teeth.
“I don’t know. Gone. All Might blasted him away with one of those ridiculous overpowered
smashes of his. Kurogiri might be able to locate him, but–”

“With your brother injured, Kurogiri has more important things to occupy his time. We’ll
write it off as another loss, then. A shame, given all the time and effort that went into creating
it, but I suppose it can’t be helped.”
“We were close,” Tomura says at a whisper. “So close. Nomu almost had him.”
“What’s the saying again? Right. Close only counts in horseshoes and hand grenades.”
Curiously, Tomura doesn’t shrink from the scorn like he normally would. “Hand grenades,”
he says instead, barking a hoarse laugh. “There were some close calls with those, too. Have
you ever considered doing something about Bakugou Katsuki?”
Bakugou. There’s a name that Hisashi hasn’t heard for a while. When Izuku first moved in,
he mentioned the family occasionally, but never with enough frequency for them to have
occupied any space in Hisashi’s mind.
“Izuku’s friend from school? I can’t say I’ve considered him at all.”
Tomura laughs again. “Oh, they were never friends. I might have been able to kill All Might
myself if the brat hadn’t gotten in the way. He’s a horrible kid, the absolute worst kind, and
he’s got all that nastiness fixated on our little Izu.”
“Don’t try to blame your own shortcomings on others, Tomura. The obstacles you faced do
not justify your failure, especially if those obstacles came in the form of a fifteen-year-old
boy with a week of heroics training under his belt.”
“That’s not what I–”
“Learn from this. If you don’t want this whole exercise to have been entirely futile, figure out
where you went wrong and ensure you don’t make the same mistakes in the future. Next time
no number of professional heroes or children will be able to stop you. Next time, Tomura,
you will show the world you are meant to be feared. You will become exactly the symbol we
need. Do you understand?”
Tomura stares, eyes steely, jaw grinding back and forth, nails digging into his neck. Then, he
nods.
“Yes, Sensei.”
“Good. Now, it’s time to start making a new plan. Consider gathering a team, elite people
whose strength can become your strength. You’ve come far on your own, but no one can do
everything alone. Even I have you, after all.
“Take all the time you need. It’s better to wait and secure your chances of success than rush
ahead and make a fool of yourself – let this incident at the USJ pay testament to that. We’re
in no rush.”
Today, tomorrow – it made little difference, in the end. Hisashi has been moving these pieces
around for decades, carefully nudging them into place millimeter by painstaking millimeter.

Sometimes you have to run before you can walk. Sometimes you have to fail before you
succeed. Hisashi has weathered it all before. He’s sure he’ll see it all again.
Time, as curious and mercurial as it can be, is something he has in abundance, after all.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
USJ-related violence and injury. Specifically, Izuku gets shot, but it’s not particularly
graphic
(In a universe closely parallel to this one, AKA the outline)
Izuku and Tomura: *arguing, bickering, fighting each other instead of the heroes*
Kurogiri: So help me, I will turn this warp gate around
Commenters: Katsuki needs to pull his head out of his ass and realize that Izuku isn’t the
villain here
Katsuki: That sign won’t stop me because I can’t read!
Katsuki @ Izuku: I’m going to kill you
Tomura @ Katsuki: How fucking dare you, no one threatens Izuku but ME
(After the villains leave the USJ)
Mic: Did you just shoot a CHILD?!
Snipe: What? No, they were definitely a villain!
Mic: A villain CHILD?!?!
Snipe: No!!
Mic: They were the size of a CHILD?!?!?!
Snipe: It could have been a very small adult!!!
Next Chapter: Erasure - Part V (aka the FINAL part, I swear)
Update: Dec. 10
Edit: To clarify, the heroes arrived in the USJ just after Izuku throws Tomura through the
portal. That's why Izuku is shot instead (though, like, c'mon Snipe, read the room)

Chapter 9: Erasure - Part V
Chapter Notes

CWs in end notes. Shit happens. Things always get worse before they get better.
I nearly delayed this chapter because I started a new playthrough of Pokemon Omega
Ruby and it has consumed my thoughts, they way things tend to do, but I made it! This
chapter is a little less edited than usual as a result, but it should be fine.
Without further ado, the finale of Erasure

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The most infuriating thing Katsuki has ever been made to do is sit aimlessly in a classroom
immediately after a direct villain attack, told to be patient as the police methodically question
each and every one of his classmates before allowing them all to go home. And sure, maybe
it’s important that the police and the heroes know what happened, but with all the adrenaline
and anger and fear still coursing through his veins, Katsuki isn’t exactly thrilled to be told to
sit still and wait.
“Bakugou, are you sure you don’t want to go to Recovery Girl?” Shitty Hair asks for at least
the third time, mouth twisted up with something close enough to pity that it sends Katsuki’s
hackles rising.
“For the last goddamned time,” he snaps, most likely not for the last time, given how
persistent the extras in his class can be, “I’m fucking fine.” His voice scrapes out of his throat
rough and broken, as if to prove him wrong, but Katsuki swallows as if it doesn’t hurt, and
ignores the way Shitty Hair cringes in sympathy.
They are being questioned in seat order, and the police only just took away Round Face, Tail
Boy, and Pikachu, so Katsuki is going to be forced to sit here, sedentary and smothered, for
another half hour, at least. And that’s if he’s being fucking optimistic. Knowing how some of
his classmates can babble, he’s probably looking at longer. At least everyone in the classroom
seems somewhat subdued, murmuring between each other in soft tones for the most part.
Of all the students, Katsuki is the only one with more than minor injuries – though even what
he suffered is still far from major, as he already told the teachers and the cops and the
paramedics and everyone else who thought it was appropriate to look at him like some kind
of wounded fucking animal. His throat is bruised and raw, his arms ache from overusing his
quirk, and he popped a blood vessel in his eye at some point, but he’s hardly on death’s door.
He’s just fucking fine, for the information of all the people who won’t stop fucking asking.
He’s not an invalid.

Besides, he was never in any real danger. He had the situation handled. And he definitely
didn’t need goddamned Deku, of all people, to protect him.
Katsuki breaths out hard through his nose and then stifles a cough as the air scrapes at the
tender insides of his windpipe. Even just thinking about Deku makes his blood boil like mad,
until he feels his skin is going to split if he doesn’t relieve the pressure somehow. How was
Deku even in Japan? He was meant to be in the US, far far away from Katsuki, causing
problems for someone else. He was never supposed to come back. Katsuki was only ever
supposed to have to think of him in past tense.
But no, of course not. Katsuki had finally gotten into UA and things couldn’t just go nice and
easy like they were supposed to. No, instead Deku shows up – clinging to villains, calling
them by their first names, hiding behind them like a coward while they fight his battles.
Crying, like he was scared or hurt, maybe, but still there – what the fuck was he doing there?
Shitty Hair is the next to go in for questioning and thank god for that. Without the persistent
thorn in his side, Katsuki can shove his earbuds in and focus on breathing as well as he can,
like his mother always insists. In through the nose – one, two, three, four; hold for seven; out
through the mouth – one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
Katsuki hates the shitty breathing exercises. Mostly because they work, and the old hag is
always smug about it. “Just breathe, brat,” she says, like that’ll fix all his problems. And
maybe it will, but if she would just stop causing him problems in the first place, then he
wouldn’t need to worry about his goddamned breathing, now would he?
Anger rises in him again, but this is the well-worn and familiar kind, which fits in his body as
well as his bones do – the kind that makes him want to slam the door to his room into the
wall, as opposed to wanting to slam his fist into some dumbass’ face.
When an officer finally comes to retrieve Katsuki, he is as calm as he is going to get – which
is to say, perfectly fucking calm and rational, thank you very much.
“I’m Detective Tsukauchi,” the man says after he leads Katsuki to a separate room. “Do you
mind if I record this?”
“Go ahead.”
“Great. Can you state your name, for the record?”
“Bakugou Katsuki.”
“When did you notice the villain presence at the USJ?”
“Same time everyone else did. Portal opened up in the middle of the place and they all came
pouring in. If there was any doubt the bastards weren’t supposed to be there, Hobo-Sensei
cleared it up pretty fast.” The detective blinks a few times, silent for a moment as Katsuki
crosses his arms over his chest and slumps further into his chair.
“Do you mean Aizawa?”

“Obviously.”
“Right. Can you tell me what happened next?”
“That warp gate asshole showed up, gave a little speech and scattered us.”
“The individual with the teleportation quirk – did you catch his name?”
“I don’t fucking know!” Katsuki bark, already fed up with the unimportant details. “Probably
some stupid shit.”
“Moving on, then. Where did you end up after you were warped?”
“Collapse zone.”
“Were you alone?”
“I fucking wish. Shitty Hair was dropped in with me.” The detective pauses again, blinking
like he has something in his eyes, looking like an absolute dumbass.
“‘Shitty Hair?’ Are you referring to Kirishima Eijiro?”
“Does he have shitty fucking hair?” More blinks from Detective Dumbass. “Obnoxious shade
of red?” Katsuki prompts. “Spiky, but not in a cool way?” He makes a gesture to indicate
horn-like spikes over his forehead.
“…That’s Kirishima. Did you encounter anyone else in the collapse zone?”
“A handful of no-name villains tried to get the jump on us, but I took care of them without
any trouble.”
The questioning continues along a similar vein, dissecting every small move Katsuki made
between the collapse zone and the plaza, grilling him for details on the battle he witnessed
and the villains he encountered. Katsuki answers the questions almost reflexively, throwing
forward information as the detective requests it, even if Katsuki doesn’t understand what half
the questions are good for. After every statement Katsuki makes, the detective taps his finger
against the table, loud in the silence between their words. Cheek leaned heavily against his
fist, Katsuki glares at that tapping finger, growing more impatient with every word he speaks.
Then, “Does the name ‘Deku’ mean anything to you?”
Katsuki’s whole body grows hot and rigid. He opens his mouth to spit out a vicious answer,
but the sharp edges of the words tear at his throat and send him into a coughing fit. Detective
Dumbass pushes a glass of water across the table and Katsuki snatches it with a glare.
“Yeah,” he rasps after draining half the glass. “He’s a fucking villain, just like the rest of
them.”
“Have you encountered him somewhere before the attack today?”

“We went to school together or whatever. When we were younger.”
“Is ‘Deku’ his legal name?”
“No.” Katsuki hesitates, then covers it under the guise of clearing his throat. “His name is
Midoriya Izuku.”
“What’s his quirk?”
When Katsuki was four years old, he had made a promise to a woman who was almost like a
second mother to him. Her son had come into a very dangerous quirk that he had used against
Katsuki, but Katsuki’s Aunt had sat him down and made him promise that he would never
tell anyone. And Katsuki never has, not even his own parents.
Partially, he didn’t want to admit to anyone what Izuku had done to him. He didn’t want that
horror, that weakness, living in anyone’s mind but his own. Even past that, though, he saw
the necessity of the secret. Deku’s quirk was a horrible and powerful thing, and if the wrong
ears caught wind of it, Katsuki had no doubt that villains would come swoop the other boy up
and make him into the stuff of nightmares. So, Katsuki kept quiet.
But there’s no point to the secret, anymore. Deku is on the villains’ side, now. Keeping the
nature of his quirk quiet will only put people in danger if the thief is out there using it.
“Listen,” Katsuki says, leaning over the table to get closer and keeping his voice quiet and
serious. “I know it looks like that handsy guy was the one in charge, but he’s not the one
you’ve gotta worry about. It’s Deku. There’s always been something nasty about him. He
steals quirks. He’s not even supposed to be in the country, but if he’s here, and with the
villains, you’ve got a big fucking problem on your hands.”
This time, the detective’s long silence is punctuated by an intense, searching stare instead of
those stupid blinks he was favoring earlier. He pins Katsuki beneath his eyes, looking him up
and down.
“Steal quirks? Can you elaborate on that?”
“It’s exactly what I fucking said. He takes quirks. Then he can use them, and you can’t.”
“How do you know this? There are no quirks like that in the registry.”
“Yeah, well he’s obviously not in the goddamned registry, dumbass,” Katsuki snaps. “Would
you register a quirk like that? His papers say he’s fucking Quirkless, but that’s a lie. He stole
my quirk when we were four fucking years old and I barely got it back, so I know what I’m
talking about when it comes to that bastard.”
This time, when the detective taps on the table, the sound is like a nail being driven into the
lid of a coffin.

Every spike on the heart monitor drives into Shouta’s head, twisting through one ear to the
other in a jagged pulse of throbbing pain, like someone is winding a corkscrew through his
brain. He hurts all over, but he refuses to let them raise the dosage on his pain relievers. It’s
bad enough that he needs to be drugged up at all – he absolutely refuses to become insensible
with it.
“How is being delirious with pain better than being loopy on morphine?” Hizashi asks, voice
even worse than the mechanical beeping that fills the room, even as he does his best to keep
it low and soft.
“Morphine makes me stupid,” Shouta grunts in response. His own words ricochet around his
head like particularly vicious pinballs.
“Well, you seem pretty stupid to me, already.” Shouta does not justify this with a response.
Shouta’s eyes – along with the rest of his head and both his arms – are heavily bandaged, but
the lack of sight does nothing to prevent him from noticing as the doctor enters the room.
Even the small noises of the door opening and the doctor walking in lick along his sense like
fire.
“Eraserhead,” the doctor greets, voice considerately soft at barely a whisper but no more
bearable for the effort. “It’s good to see you awake.”
A plastic clipboard clicks against the hospital bed’s frame as the doctor retrieves his chart and
papers rustle as she flips through it.
“What’s the verdict?” he asks. Hizashi has filled him in on the most important bits – namely
that Shouta is absolutely fucked up, so much so that the other teachers briefly feared he was
dead when they arrived at the USJ – but Shouta suspects he’s lacking some of the finer
details.
“Well, you’ve probably noticed the broken arms,” the doctor says, with a dry humor that
Shouta can appreciate. “Comminuted fractures in both of them. The bones of your left elbow
were practically pulverized, and while we’ve reconstructed everything, you’ll still need to do
some physical therapy to ensure that you keep your full range of motion. It’s likely you’ll
have some long-term pain, even after you’ve fully healed, but the physical therapy can help
with that, so long as you do it.”
Her stern tone leaves no doubt that she has dealt with more than her fair share of difficult
hero patients – the kind who never put the proper effort into their recovery because of their
hurry to be back in the field, and then wonder why their field performance is declining.
Shouta can’t say he blames them, understanding the need for action and the hatred for the
monotonous and exhausting routine of physical therapy. Fortunately – or perhaps
unfortunately, depending on how bitter Shouta is feeling at any given moment – he has
Hizashi, who will ensure that Shouta is taken care of, by force if necessary.

“The muscle of your right elbow was heavily damaged when you arrived, but thankfully we
have a quirk user on staff who specializes in soft tissue regeneration. You’ll have a nasty scar,
but I don’t suppose you’ll have many complaints about that, given your choice of profession.
“Our biggest concern was the head trauma. Now that you’re awake and talking we can rule
out brain damage, thankfully, but you’ve still got a facial fracture to contend with and your
orbital floor was shattered.”
“What does that mean?” Shouta asks. Orbital means eyes – he might not be a doctor, but he
knows that much – and the potential implications have Shouta stiffening unconsciously. By
his side, Hizashi is tellingly silent. Shouta can’t even hear him breathing.
“We can’t say for sure yet,” the doctor says, apology leaking into her professional tone.
“We’ve ruled out the possibility of blindness, but it is possible your eyes will suffer from
other aftereffects. Given the nature of your quirk and the extent of the damage, it’s possible
you quirk will be affected, as well.”
“When will we know?” Hizashi asks, speaking up when Shouta stays silent. With both of
Shouta’s arms in casts, Hizashi closes a hand around his ankle instead. Hizashi squeezes
gently, his touch aching against Shouta’s sore body, but warm and grounding.
“When we remove the bandages, we can test–”
“Can we do that now?” Shouta interrupts.
“I wouldn’t recommend it.”
“Sho,” Hizashi scolds. “You’re being held together with scotch tape and glue right now. Let
yourself heal before you start pushing your limits again.”
“I’m not trying to push them. I’m trying to identify them. It’s different. Is it possible to test it
now?”
“Technically, yes,” the doctor grudgingly reveals. “However, your condition is still fragile
enough that you risk worsening it by trying to activate your quirk so soon. I do not advise
this.”
“Will it kill me?”
The doctor sighs. “No. But exposing your eyes at this point will hurt, I can guarantee you
that.” If Shouta could smile beneath all the bandages and whatever is holding his face
together, he would.
“That’s fine,” he says. “I’m a pro hero. We’re accustomed to pain.”

“Where’s Father?” Tomura demands to know, shortly after Izuku wakes.
“Father?” Izuku asks, still somewhat bleary with exhaustion after the fight and subsequent
healing that had him unconscious for nearly an entire day. “Do you mean All for One?”
“No!” Tomura responds sharply, grimacing and flushing red. “I mean Father. You took him
from me before you threw me through the portal, you brat. And then you got yourself shot.”
The last bit is tacked on with a pointed narrowing of the eyes and Izuku knows Tomura will
be clinging to the incident for ages. “Where is he?”
Right. The severed hand. Tomura had removed it after Katsuki spit in his face, and then Izuku
had taken it from him in a bid for his attention. But then Katsuki had attacked Izuku, and
Tomura had nearly killed him, and Izuku had gotten shot. What had he done with the hand?
An uncomfortable squirming starts up in his stomach and he stares at Tomura with wide eyes.
“I don’t know,” Izuku forces himself to admit, pushing the words out of numb lips.
“…What?”
“I – I don’t know. I swear I didn’t mean to, but at some point, in the chaos, or when the
heroes arrived I – oh my god, I must have dropped it. I’m so sorry, Tomura, I –”
“You lost him?” Tomura’s voice is calm compared to Izuku’s frantic rambling, but that’s
more concerning than if he had been yelling.
“…Yeah.”
“You–” Tomura cuts himself off with a growl, lips curling away from his teeth as his whole
expression twitches.
During Izuku’s bought of unconsciousness, Tomura has done nothing to care for the gouges
he clawed into his neck at the USJ, and now he reaches up and tears into their sore-looking
edges without a second thought. Izuku flinches internally but knows it would be counterproductive to try to intervene, given that he’s the current cause of Tomura’s distress. Tomura
sways in place, making low inarticulate noises of frustration under his breath. Then, he turns
on his heel and leaves the room, moving stiffly. For a moment, he closes his hand around the
doorframe, allowing all five of his fingers to connect in his agitation. Even the brief contact
leaves finger-shaped grooves of blacked wood behind.
Izuku makes no attempts to stop him. It is rare that Tomura gets upset enough to remove
himself from a situation, but on the occasion that he does, it is certainly safer to simply allow
him to leave, as much as it may hurt to watch him go.
Sometimes, it seems like every choice Izuku makes ends up being a bad one – even ones that
seem arbitrary at the time, like taking Tomura’s so-called “Father.” Whenever he does
anything, people seem to wind up hurt. He’s tried a million things to circumvent it, but
nothing ever works for more than a moment, and then he is back to hurting people again, just
like always.

Hurting Tomura is the worst of all. Izuku hates to do it.
And yet.
And yet, here Izuku is, thinking about doing the worst thing he possible could.
His insides are already clenching with guilt just because of the hand. He knows how
important the macabre accessories are to Tomura, “Father” especially, and no matter how
much it disturbed Izuku personally, he never intended to lose it.
If he feels like this after accidentally losing something important to Tomura, how is Izuku
ever meant to intentionally destroy his brother’s entire world?
Sometimes, it seems like every choice Izuku makes is wrong. It’s like he’s built for regret, no
matter what he does.
Late at night, guilt covered by the dark, he sometimes wonders if maybe it’s not the choices
he makes, but the choices he has.
Now is a perfect example, isn’t it? There are two options in front of him, and Izuku isn’t sure
either of them are good. A certainty churns in Izuku’s chest, dreadful and inevitable, that he is
going to regret whatever it is he does next. The feeling is heavy and unbalancing, threatening
to tip him over at any moment. Izuku almost wants to let it. He wants to lie down and let it
crush him, or better yet, sleep forever so it can never catch him.
But he only has two choices, and that is not one of them.
He can keep going as he has been. He will hurt more people and every day he will hate
himself more. Day by day and week by week, he will feel colder and colder inside, until his
bones become brittle with frost, and he shatters into a million pieces.
Or Izuku will kill his father. And that will likely shatter him anyway.
He can keep going as he has been, and so will Tomura. They will both keep going, and
maybe the way they have been isn’t a good way to be, but they will be together.
Or Izuku will kill his father.
And then Tomura will probably kill him.
It hurts to even think about because Izuku knows just how upset Tomura would be, just how
betrayed he would feel, and Tomura is the last person Izuku ever wants to hurt. But without
All for One, Tomura would have a chance. Izuku isn’t sure for what, exactly. A chance to
make something of himself, maybe. A chance for Tomura to finally make something of
himself, instead of simply being what All for One has made him to be.
Izuku has a day and a half to decide.
Tomorrow, he and All for One are supposed to visit the warehouse, and that will be Izuku’s
best and only chance to do the job, if he so chooses. He can’t afford to wait any longer. As far

as he knows, Eraserhead is still alive, and while Izuku is wholeheartedly grateful for that, it
also means that it’s only a matter of time until the man realizes he can no longer use his
quirk. The hero may not realize exactly what that means, but the information would
undoubtedly make its way to All for One’s ears, and he would make the connection in an
instant and then take the proper precautions to ensure that Izuku’s new quirk couldn’t be used
against him, just like he has with all the ones he has already had Izuku take.
All this conflict, all this struggle, and he can’t even be sure that it will work. He’s still
operating on the largely unsupported assumptions that Erasure is capable of erasing multiple
quirks and that Izuku’s father cannot survive even a brief period without the many quirks he
has collected to extend his life and compensate for his injury.
And then there is the even bigger assumption that Izuku is even capable of doing what he is
asking himself to do.
He lies back in his bed, pressing the heels of his palms into his eyes until he sees burst of
bright colors behind his closed lids.
He is writing his own story, now.
It is far harder than Aizawa Shouta made it look.

The solemn air that fell over class 1-A is gone two days later when classes resume. Katsuki’s
classmates can’t stop gushing about the news coverage and how amazing All Might was, and
the extras in the other courses keep shooting the class side-long glances, like they think
they’re being discrete, whispering behind their hands as if that does a damned thing to stop
their words from leaking into the air around them.
With a livid halo of blue and purple circling his throat, Katsuki is stared at most of all.
Everyone is all wide-eyed, a mix of morbid curiosity, awe, and fear written clearly across
their faces because they don’t know how to mind their own fucking business or even hide
their goddamned nosiness.
Everyone acts like something special happened. Sure, the villains got into UA, and that was
admittedly pretty fucking unheard of, but as for class 1-A’s role in all that? They fought the
villains off – or at least, some of them did, while others were entirely useless – but they are
training to be heroes, and that’s what heroes do. There’s nothing impressive about doing what
you’re meant to.
Which is also why Katsuki isn’t screaming about how he’s going to put his all into the sports
festival. Sure as shit, he’s excited as all hell for the event, but it goes without saying that he’s
going to do his best. Hell, he’s going to do the best. Why would he bother with anything less?

But, Katsuki supposes as Round Face lets out another intense cheer, at least the extras are too
occupied with that whole business to keep bothering him. Shitty Hair especially has been up
his ass all day, concerned about his health or whatever other pussy bullshit and, worst of all,
asking persistent questions about Deku, whose existence Katsuki would much rather go back
to ignoring.
At the end of the day, when Round Face slides the classroom doors open so they can all make
their way home, Katsuki is one of the only people not surprised at the crowd waiting for
them, packed in tight to the hallway.
“What business do you have with class A?” Glasses asks too loudly and with too much
emphasis, chopping robotically at the air while Round Face stutters in surprise.
“Scouting out the enemy, Robo Nerd.” Said nerd gapes in offense, jaw moving just as
mechanically as the rest of him as he wordlessly works his mouth open and closed. “We’re
the ones who made it out of the villains’ attack. They probably want to check us out before
the sports festival, see what we’re made of. There’s no point in doing shit like that.” He
stands in front of the crowd, scanning his eyes over a sea of unremarkable people who stare
back with mixes of defiance, offense, and nervousness. “Out of my way, extras.”
“Stop calling people ‘extras’ just because you don’t know them!” Glasses scolds. Katsuki
considers it, then summarily discards the suggestion. If people don’t want to be extras, they
should do a single goddamned thing to stand out, and then Katsuki would bother with giving
them a proper nickname. Besides, a decent number of people actually shuffled to the side at
Katsuki’s command, so Glasses can hardly say Katsuki’s wrong when they’re actually
responding to the address.
One person takes advantage of the new gaps in the crowd, weaving through the spaces
without hardly touching anyone at all. He’s tall – taller than Katsuki, but Katsuki’s not so
delicate that shit like that hurts his ego – with purple hair that sticks straight out in a mess of
waves, bag under his eyes large enough that he’d have to pay extra to take them on a plane.
“I came to see what class A was like, but you seem pretty arrogant,” he says, voice droll and
lacking any hint of the nervousness that Katsuki spotted in the eyes of so many of the extras
in the crowd. “Are all students in the hero course like this?”
“Hah?” Katsuki asks, curling his lip into a sneer. Zombie Eyes – who didn’t bother to
introduce himself, not that Katsuki cares about his name or would have remembered it in the
first place – rubs at the back of his neck and glances to the side with an unintimidated sigh.
“I’m a little disillusioned. There’re quite a few people who enrolled in general education or
the other courses because they didn’t make it into the hero course. Did you know that?”
Katsuki neither knew nor cared. The problems of some second-rate losers who couldn’t make
the cut weren’t something he cared to bother himself with, but Zombie Eyes keeps going.
“But the entrance exam isn’t our only chance, you know? Depending on the result of the
sports festival, a student can be transferred between courses. A gen-ed student can become a
hero student. A hero student can become a gen-ed one.

“‘Scouting out the enemy?’ Personally, I just came here to say that, if you’re not careful, I’ll
sweep your feet right out from under you, hero course or not. I came with a declaration of
war.”
Dark eyes with pale pupils lock onto Katsuki’s in undisguised challenge. Katsuki rises to it,
staring back with his eyes slightly narrowed, mouth set in a grim line that does nothing to
phase Zombie Eyes’ impassive air. The guy has guts, Katsuki will give him that. It’s almost
disappointing that he fell into general education, meaning he most likely lacks the skill or
power to prove good on his words. Otherwise, it would almost be the kind of declaration
Katsuki could respect.
“Hey, hey!” some moron yells, popping out from the back of the crowd. Katsuki only half
turns his attention to the newcomer, then half quickly dwindles to nothing as he stares blankly
towards the commotion.
“You ignorin’ me, bastard?!” the extra shouts as Katsuki turns to walk away. Katsuki doesn’t
dignify the question with a response, since that would kind of defeat the purpose of – you
know – fucking ignoring the guy.
“Wait a minute, Bakugou!” Shitty Hair shouts, dashing to Katsuki’s side and flailing an arm
in a wide gesture to the crowd. “What are you gonna do about all this? Come on dude, it’s
your fault everyone’s hating on us!”
“Doesn’t matter,” Katsuki grunts in response.
“Huh?!”
“It doesn’t matter as long as you rise to the top.”
The spiky bastard, rendered speechless by “manliness” or some shit, finally lets Katsuki pass
and the crowd parts to allow him through. It’s a simple concept, if you ask Katsuki. You face
challenges, you overcome them. None of that making nice bullshit people like to waste their
time with. You get strong, you win. That’s what matters.
You do whatever you have to do.
And that’s that.

There is nothing wrong with an inquisitive mind.
That’s what Izuku’s father always says, anyway.
But Izuku’s inquisitiveness borders into dissection. He over thinks and over analyzes until
he’s overwrought, burdened by questions whose answers he either doesn’t know or doesn’t

want to know, but he can never stop himself from asking. The weight of his own inquisition
pins him in place, and he stares into space and wonders.
He wonders if Tomura will ever forgive him. If Tomura will kill him. If Tomura will ever
forgive himself if he does. He wonders who will take care of Tomura. If Kurogiri will stay.
He wonders.
He wonders who his father will have him hurt next. How many people his father has hurt.
How many quirks he has stolen. How many lives have been lost. How many families ruined.
How many children left without their mothers.
He wonders if he is really going to do this.
Of all his questions, this is the only one Izuku can even begin to answer.
Is he really going to do this?
Well. It needs to be done. And Izuku is the only one who can do it.
It’s not a good answer, Izuku acknowledges to himself as he packs some of his belongings
into a backpack. It only half addresses the question, at best – a deflection instead of a direct
response. Things that need to be done go ignored every day. They fall through the cracks, and
it only becomes obvious that they needed doing at all in retrospect, when the consequences
come to call. This particular task had likely needed doing for years, if not decades, but no one
had done it yet, and it would be so, so easy to continue that trend of inaction.
His mother’s locket sits heavy against his neck. Normally, he would never wear it on a trip to
the warehouse. Today, though, he has to bring it with him. If he does what needs doing, he
won’t get a chance to come back for it, and he won’t risk leaving it behind, even if that means
he ends up storing some bad memories.
That’s what lockets do, after all. They hold memories. Once, Izuku’s mother used it to store
her memories of him, and now he uses it to store his memories of her. He has never wanted to
risk tainting them. His mother was bright and good, maybe the only pure and untouched thing
in Izuku’s entire life, and he couldn’t help but ask himself – what would she think of this
memory? What would she think of what he has become? Would she still say that there is
nothing wrong with him? That he is good?
More questions that Izuku will never have answers to.
Here is the most important question, one Izuku will know the answer to sooner rather than
later, for better or for worse.
Not – is he going to do this.
But – can he do this in the first place?
No, Izuku acknowledges to himself as he slips the last of his analysis notebooks into his bag.
His hands shake so badly the edges of the books catch against each other, corners bending
and crumpling as he shoves them down. No, he doesn’t think he can.

The things he has done – the lives he has been complicit in the loss of – already lurk on the
edge of his every thought. Specters loom over his shoulders and clutch at the wayward edges
of his bones, leeching all his warmth away. They swarm like rallying bees in the shadows
behind his eyelids. He is already haunted.
How is he supposed to count his father among their numbers?
Because that is who he is plotting to kill. His father. Not a villain, not All for One – Izuku’s
father.
Sometimes, Izuku thinks there are two versions of Shigaraki Hisashi. One is his father and
the other is All for One. One loves him; the other owns him.
For the past five years, Izuku has made this distinction. There is his father and there is All for
One, separate entities that Izuku can feel entirely separate ways about, without the need for
the cognitive dissonance that would rend him in half, otherwise.
Izuku loves his father. As for All for One – hate is far too strong a word, and it doesn’t fit,
anyway. It’s not fear, either. Neither word encapsulates the dripping melancholy that Izuku
associates with the man, the sadness weaved in to every interaction. Hate and fear say
nothing of the yearning that leaves a bitter taste beneath Izuku’s tongue. It is something more
akin to regret, maybe.
Shigaraki Hisashi, the father, who Izuku loves. Shigaraki Hisashi, All for One, who Izuku
regrets.
Izuku tells himself they are different.
They are not.
“Are you ready to go?” asks Shigaraki Hisashi, the man who is both Izuku’s loving father and
All for One, the villain who treats him like an object, a tool, a weapon.
His father who loves him; All for One who owns him. All for One who is his father and his
father who is All for One.
Does his father own him?
Does All for One love him?
Was Izuku ever loved at all?
There he goes again, asking too many questions for his own good. He stares at his father’s
face, at the metal plating that covers All for One’s eyes, at the scars that trail down his
father’s cheeks, at the way All for One’s mouth ticks up slightly at one corner, his father’s
gentle smile. The love and regret threaten to drown him. It’s an odd feeling, to mourn
someone not yet dead but simultaneously long lost. Izuku swallows hard, turning his eyes to
the ground to hide his rapid blinking under his hair.

“Yes,” Izuku finally replies, stepping to his father’s side. His father doesn’t even spare the
bag slung across one of Izuku’s shoulders a glance. Quirk analysis is part of what they do at
the warehouse, after all, so Izuku’s notebooks are a common accessory to their time there.
All for One, as clever as he lauds himself to be, has no idea what’s coming to him.
Whether it’s trust or arrogance, the obliviousness makes Izuku ill. The whole situation makes
him feel like he’s going to be sick, even though he’s barely eaten a thing since he woke up the
day before.
He wants to be sick. He wants to cry. He wants to curl up in a small, dark space and pretend
he doesn’t exist.
Instead, he takes all those feelings, balls them up, and swallows them down. They settle in his
stomach as heavy and dense as a neutron star, but the persistent stinging behind Izuku’s eyes
fades and he can finally take a deep breath without feeling like his lungs are being crushed.
Izuku has never used this quirk before. He has never wanted to. He has many quirks that he
has never wanted to use, preferring to focus his limited time and energy on extensively
training a reliable and versatile few, but this specific quirk has been deliberately and
pointedly ignored. He has never wanted to use it; he has wanted to never use it.
Of course, his past compunctions don’t really bother him, now. Nothing does. That’s what the
quirk is for.
He still knows what he’s feeling. The emotions are all still there. But they’re stored inside that
dark, collapsed star in the center of his gut, unable to bother him any further. It’s an
interesting change of pace for Izuku – who is almost always overwhelmed when left to his
own devices – and a necessary intervention if he wants any hope of completing his task.
After all, with his emotions intact, Izuku couldn’t even watch Tomura try to harm a boy he
hadn’t been friends with in over a decade without having a breakdown. Imagine the state he
would be in, if he tried to kill his own father in cold blood. Izuku simply wouldn’t be able to
do it. He would collapse beneath the weight of his own guilt and grief.
As it is, he does not cry or shake or wheeze as he and his father step into the warehouse, the
portal leading them directly into the lab, like it does almost every week. Laying eyes on the
nomu or the people and parts of people that will become nomu normally fills Izuku with
disgust and remorse, but today is not a normal day.
Part of Izuku wants to ask questions. He’s always endlessly questioning things, and there are
so many things he could ask his father. Things like why and what next and will it ever end.
That part of Izuku wants to talk. It wants – so very, very badly – to understand. And it hopes
– with an acknowledged futility that does nothing to dull the sharp edge of desperation – to
prevent.
But that part of Izuku is neatly quarantined with his other emotions, all caught and contained
by their own gravity, nothing more than footnotes on Izuku’s thoughts.

Rationally, there is no need to ask questions that won’t get proper answers. There is no reason
to waste incredibly limited time catering to sentiment when there are matters of life and death
that need handling.
Erasure is activated with a complete lack of fanfare.
Izuku’s father, facing away from him, halfway through the beginning of a sentence Izuku
paid no attention to, stumbles. He lurches an arm out, grabbing the edge of one of many steel
tables so hard his knuckles turn white. The tendons on the back of his hand stand out in harsh
relief under the unforgiving florescence lights of the lab. All for One’s head rotates in Izuku’s
direction, though the movement is less precise than usual, blind and undirected in the sudden
absence of all the quirks he usually uses to make up for the loss of his eyes.
“Izuku?” he asks, voice rasping and pained. “What’s going on?”
“I’m sorry.” The words sound flat to Izuku’s own ears, but he’s not lying. He is sorry,
somewhere in that star, even if he can’t feel it right now. As soon as he releases the quirk, he
is going to be so incredibly sorry.
“Izuku,” All for One repeats, voice simultaneously weaker and more stern. “What are you
doing?”
“What needs to be done.”
“You don’t need to do this. You can still stop. Let me go, tell me what’s wrong, and then we
can fix it.”
“We can’t,” Izuku says. “We can’t fix it. They’re dead.” The words should be sobbed, Izuku
is aware. But if he was crying, Erasure would likely deactivate, so it’s for the best that he
can’t.
“What does killing me solve? I’ll just be another body on your conscious.”
“It’s not about me. You’re the villain in a lot of stories, Dad. I want to see more happy
endings.”
There are no heroes in Izuku’s story. Only different types of villains.
But – there is a hope in Izuku, bright and sharp, that some of them may be able to be
redeemed. All for One is not one of them. Izuku most likely isn’t, either. But Tomura –
maybe he could be. So, Izuku will make this choice, will make this sacrifice, and maybe in
the process he will be able to save the one person in his life who needs it most.
His father’s knees buckle. The table screeches a couple of inches across the floor as All for
One uses it to catch his weight and guide his fall. Izuku’s eyes are starting to burn. He had
hoped this would be faster. If he blinks before it’s over, he’ll never get another chance, but at
the rate things are going Izuku won’t be able to hold out.
He wanted this to be quick and merciful and passive. Those were all things he needed it to be,
when he was building scenarios in his head trying to decide what course of action he was

going to take. Now, he just needs it to be over.
What is the best way to kill someone? Of all the questions Izuku has asked, all the
wonderings that keep him up at night, he has never much thought about how to best commit
murder. He wishes he had dedicated more thought to it earlier.
What is the best way to kill someone? In their sleep, he supposes. That’s how most people
want to die, isn’t it?
There is a song that Izuku’s father sings to him whenever Izuku gets particularly upset. There
are no words, only melody. Even that is broken into bits and pieces, eroded by all the years
between now and his father’s own childhood. But Izuku has always loved the song, and he
hums it now, letting the notes of it – soft, soothing, and slightly sad – twine through his
father’s ears.
Lullaby is another of Izuku’s relatively old quirks. Before he had Izuku take it, All for One
made sure to have a quirk of his own to prevent himself from being put to sleep, but it was of
no help to him, now. After only a couple of bars, Izuku’s father can no longer fight
unconsciousness.
What is the best way to kill someone? Fast, Izuku thinks.
There is a scalpel on the table Izuku’s father collapsed against. Izuku picks it up and turns it
over between his fingers. The metal is cold and the shape is foreign. He doesn’t know how
he’s meant to hold it. But he knows which end is the sharp one, which is arguably all he
needs.
This is how it’s always done in the movies. One broad cut and it’s over. It’s fast. Blood loss
isn’t supposed to be painful, Izuku doesn’t think. You get cold and tired and then you fall
asleep. And his father is already asleep, so this is the best way. Or at least, the best way Izuku
can think of.
Whenever Tomura made Izuku watch any of those really bloody horror movies, Izuku always
thought they exaggerated. Blood doesn’t spray like that, he thought. It’s just camp. Fun with
special effects.
There is nothing fun about how hot fresh blood feels against your skin.
It is thick and slippery and it smells.
But Izuku stays next to his father until the puddle stops growing.
Then, he stands. There are still more things that need doing, and he has limited time to do
them.
At the bottom of his stomach, the dark star of Izuku’s swallowed emotions screams.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
Character death - Izuku kills his father. He erases his quirks, puts him to sleep, and then
slits his throat. It's not all the graphic, all things considered, but yikes.
Dissociation - Izuku uses a quirk to literally suppress all his emotions, which is in NO
WAY healthy. Unhealthy coping mechanism abound.
AFO: My parenting books did not prepare me for patricide
Izuku: I'll keep all my emotions right here
Izuku: And then someday
Izuku: I'll die :)
Me: So this chapter will have a quick check in with Bakugou and Aizawa, and then the
main event
My brain: You know what else happens around the same time? Shinsou's first
appearance.
Me: Yeah, but that would kind of interrupt the flow of everything My brain: But consider: Hitoshi.
Me: omg you're so right
Next Chapter: Lie Detection (Part I? Probably.)
Update: Dec 17

Chapter 10: Lie Detection - Part I
Chapter Notes

CWs in end notes
I will not even attempt to guess how long Lie Detection is going to be. Actually – I can
say with reasonable confidence that it will be shorter than Erasure. But that’s all, I dare
not be more exact.
Also! I made a discord! I meant to do that for last chapter, so everyone could scream
together, but… pokemon. At the moment, the server is literally entirely empty because I
made it all of five minutes ago and - I cannot stress this enough - I have NO idea what
I'm doing. But at least it exists? I dunno.
Feel free to come hang and help me figure it out!
Click here to join!
(Hopefully that works, but again, I'm clueless, so this may be dead in the water)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Standing before the gates of UA would evoke a strange combination of emotions in Izuku, if
he were able to feel anything. As it is, he can’t even sense the awe, yearning, or bitter
disappointment in the dense mass of repressed emotions that sits in his stomach. The
conflicting things that Izuku knows he should be feeling are too drowned out by the buildup
of guilt and grief and horror.
Instead, Izuku simply stares at the gate and the building beyond it. Towering, imposing things
that are incapable of intimidating him. His eyes slide around the edges of the gate until they
land on a camera, a small glassy glint amidst the stone that Izuku likely wouldn’t have been
able to spot if he hadn’t been trained to. There is someone on the other end of it, watching
him, he’s sure.
Izuku doesn’t look dangerous, like this. Looking at him now, no one would guess that two
hours ago he was covered in the blood of his own father. He had stripped himself down under
the staring but unseeing eyes of half a dozen nomu and climbed into the large stainless-steel
sink in the back corner of the lab. He had sat, shivering beneath a torrent of freezing water,
and scrubbed at his skin with his nails until the water that swirled down the drain finally ran
clear. He had tossed his clothes into a stiff, heavy pile that sprayed blood onto the concrete
and scrounged through the cabinets against the walls until he found something else to wear.
Everything in the lab was too big for him – which was inconvenient, though for the best, if
Izuku considered the implications – but he had made it work. Now, he was dressed in soft
blue pants with an elastic waistband and a drawstring that made them perfectly adjustable and
a large yellow hoodie with a rabbit on the front, hanging down to his thighs and covering his
hands that still had blood dried under the nails. He couldn’t find a change of shoes, but he

had wiped the blood from the white soles of the ones he usually wore with a spare T-shirt and
ignored the slightly damp squelch of them beneath his toes.
Izuku just looks like some lazy teenager who threw on some longue clothes before going on
an errand. It probably looks like he stopped on his way to gape at the most notorious school
in the country, like countless people doubtlessly do on the daily.
“Hello,” Izuku calls to the camera. “Can I have a moment of your time? It’s important.”
He stares at the small reflection of the lens, shifting from foot to foot. He doesn’t know the
right thing to say here, to gain anyone’s consideration. Beyond the gate, the building towers
silent and still, students having gone home around an hour prior.
“I need to see Eraserhead,” Izuku says, because that is why he is here.
Nothing changes. The camera is inscrutable. The building is unmoved. Izuku knows there is
someone on the other side, watching and listening, but how is he meant to know whether or
not they are hearing him? There are things he doesn’t want to say here, out in the open like
this.
“I don’t have much time.”
The star in Izuku’s stomach is an unstable thing. It pulses and writhes. It does not bother him
– it can not bother him – but he knows that it is going to become a problem relatively soon.
The quirk can only be used for five hours, maximum, and Izuku has already had it on for two.
Combine that inherent limitation with the limits of Izuku’s own quirk – namely that it takes
time and practice for him to build stamina with each individual quirk he has, time and
practice which he has not devoted to this particular quirk in the slightest – and he isn’t sure
how much longer he can hold this. He also isn’t sure exactly what the fallout will be when the
quirk finally fails, but he’s certain it will be debilitating. If he is not able to return Erasure
before then, he may not get another chance.
“It’s about his quirk.”
Finally, there is movement. Whether this is the statement that gains Izuku the heroes’
attention or whether he has had it all along, he neither knows nor cares. For the moment,
Izuku can’t see anyone, but someone moves into the radius of his quirk awareness, creeping
around behind him. There’s another person somewhere to the side. Snipe and Midnight, if
Izuku had to guess. A moment later, two figures enter Izuku’s field of view, approaching him
directly from the building.
Three, Izuku corrects as they grow closer. An unassuming man the Izuku doesn’t recognize,
the imposing form of Vlad King, and on top of the hero’s shoulder, a small, fury creature that
Izuku would almost be tempted to call cute, if he didn’t know exactly who they were.
“Hello!” the principal of UA chirps in a cheerful greeting completely at odds with the grim
looks on his companions’ faces. “Do you prefer Shigaraki or Midoriya?”

The question, abrupt and friendly, catches Izuku off guard. He is not particularly surprised
that they know his name, either of them, given that Kurogiri called addressed him by one and
Katsuki no doubt told them the other. But Izuku has not been called “Midoriya” in five years
and he was not prepared for the way the star in his stomach seizes and spikes – sorrow and
want and shame lashing out like malevolent little solar flares.
“Just call me Izuku,” is the best thing he can think to say.
“What are you doing here?” the nondescript man asks.
“I need to see Eraserhead.”
“Why?”
Lie detection, Izuku realizes. That’s the man’s quirk, or something along those lines, at least.
Terribly convenient, but Izuku won’t look a gift horse in the mouth.
“I don’t mean any harm,” Izuku says, with complete honesty. “I just want to give back what I
took. Can I come inside? I don’t have much time.” Izuku shift half a step forward and then
stops in time with the soft metal click of a gun being cocked behind him.
“Don’t move,” Snipe says.
“That won’t be necessary, Snipe,” Nedzu interrupts. “Open the gate for the boy, will you?”
There is only a moment of hesitation before Snipe follows the order – and it was an order,
Izuku is sure, regardless of how it was phrased – slipping past Izuku to swipe his ID card
against a scanner that sends the gate sliding slowly to the side. Besides Nedzu, the man with
the lie detection quirk slips a pair of cuffs out from a pocket in the lining of his long coat.
Izuku’s eyes catch on the glint of the metal, and he freezes even as Snipe crosses through the
gate and Midnight emerges from her hiding spot to the side to follow him.
“You can’t put those on me,” Izuku says. There is a pulse of panic inside him, and while it is
reserved enough that he does not feel it, it is strong enough that Izuku is forced to
acknowledge it. The man narrows his eyes.
“It’s standard protocol.”
“I’m not going to hurt anyone. But if you put those cuffs on me, I won’t be able to tell you
anything.”
“Why not?”
“I’m using a quirk now. If it gets turned off, by me or you or anything else, I’ll experience the
backlash, which will likely put me out of commission for an unknown amount of time.”
“What quirk?”
Of course a person with a quirk like lie detection would ask a lot of questions. Izuku can
hardly begrudge the man that, given Izuku’s own inquisitive nature. But for every answer

Izuku gives, there will be half a dozen new questions and Izuku doesn’t have time to fall
down that rabbit hole right now.
“I will tell you everything I can. But only after I see Eraserhead.”
“You’re why he can’t use his quirk, aren’t you? It’s not his injury. You can give it back?”
Snipe, Midnight, and Vlad King all startle, blinking and trying to hide their surprise as they
stare at Izuku with confusion, holding themselves with a new level of caution and wariness.
Nedzu merely smiles. Some of them knew, then, and some of them didn’t. It made Izuku’s
goal easier, to not have to explain, so for now, he just ignored the rest.
“Yes. That’s why I’m here. What hospital is he in? I understand if you’ll need to escort me,
but I need to see him to give it back.” Izuku had hoped to return Erasure before the hero even
had time to miss it, but that ship had sailed apparently. Later, perhaps, he would feel guilty
for causing the hero any distress, but at the moment Izuku simply has a goal to meet and
when that’s done with, he’ll have bigger things to feel guilty for.
“No need for that!” Nedzu chimes. “Eraserhead is right here on campus! Tsukauchi, put those
cuffs away. Izuku is our guest.” The principal’s eyes gleam as the man, Tsukauchi, sighs.
“Nedzu, I can’t just–”
“Of course you can! Police protocol might involve quirk suppressing cuffs, but hero protocol
doesn’t, and there are four pro heroes here, after all. Consider him under my custody instead
of yours.” Tsukauchi sighs again, a long-suffering gust that does nothing to dull the savage
glint of amusement in Nedzu’s eyes. Tsukauchi does not protest again.
“Now,” the – Rat? Mouse? Stout? Chimera? – principal says, “Eraserhead should be with
Recovery Girl. You said time was of the essence, yes? Then let’s get going.”

Tomura knows his brother.
Izuku who is terrible at video games but always happy to play them. He never gets upset
when he loses. He’ll let Tomura beat him over and over again and even when Tomura is
being a particularly bad sport, Izuku will just roll his eyes and tolerate it.
Izuku who always gets on Tomura’s case about self-care. He makes sure Tomura eats and
sleeps and even fucking moisturizes and god forbid Tomura try to ignore him. Izuku gets
even more insufferable when he’s ignored, all petulant and snarky until Tomura is forced to
give in to the younger boy’s wishes or risk going insane. But of course, the brat doesn’t
actually practice what he preaches; he doesn’t take care of himself, so Tomura is forced to do
it for him.

Izuku who is unbearably good. The kind of good that will forgive anyone anything. Except
for himself, who’s smallest wrong doings are elevated to unforgivable sins. Izuku is so soft.
He always has been. In the beginning, Tomura had aimed with a spiteful viciousness to
toughen him up, but Izuku had only ever grown hard towards himself, staying so pitifully,
vulnerably soft towards the rest of the world. And at some point, Tomura had stopped
wanting to change that. Izuku could stay soft. Tomura would do the hard things for them
both.
Tomura stares at the scene in the lab with his eyes softly unfocused, seeing only blurs of
color – red, so much red – instead of the full reality of the situation.
“Where’s Izuku?” he asks flatly.
“He’s gone,” Kurogiri replies, soft and careful.
“Well, we need to find him, then. If he’s been taken–”
“Shigaraki Tomura.”
“If he’s been taken, we need to find him. Get him back.”
Izuku’s clothes are piled in the corner next to the sink, soaked in blood and carelessly
abandoned. His phone has been left with them, as well as the alert button – the one Tomura
and Izuku were meant to take with them everywhere, so Kurogiri could always come and get
them if they ever found themselves in trouble.
Tomura does not look at these abandoned things. He does not think too hard about what must
have happened here.
“We need to find him,” he repeats. Kurogiri remains silent.
Tomura knows his brother.
This was not his brother.
This was an enemy.

Everything is going to be fine.
Shouta has kept a mental tally of how many times Hizashi has said those exact words over
the past two days. Seventeen. Twenty-nine, if he includes variants such as “we’re going to be
okay,” and “it’ll be alright.”
Shouta knows Hizashi means well. The words are meant to be soothing, and they’re as much
for Hizashi’s benefit as Shouta’s. Both of them are struggling with the idea that Shouta’s

injuries may have permanently negated his quirk, but Hizashi is doing his best to stay
supportive and positive.
But Shouta has never been a positive type of person. Hizashi is the optimist in their
relationship while Shouta is the cold, hard realist. If, sometimes, that borders into pessimism,
as Hizashi often insists it does, then that’s just a product of the fact that the world is so often
a terrible place to live and there’s no use in pretending otherwise.
So, to Shouta, realist-arguably-pessimist, every utterance of “everything is going to be fine”
only serves to emphasize the reality that here and now, in present tense, everything is very
much not fine. Shouta cannot use his goddamned quirk and that is practically the antithesis of
fine.
It’s not the end of the world. Shouta knows that, rationally. As much as their society orbits
around quirks, they’re ultimately a very small part of who a person is and what they are
capable of. Shouta is still Shouta, even without his quirk. He is still a teacher, still a hero, still
a husband. He is exactly who he was before, only now he is unable to do a small thing that he
is used to being able to do, a skill that everyone else gets by perfectly fine without. That’s all.
But also… Shouta has worked hard. He has worked so hard, fought tooth and nail, to make
his quirk what it was, to make himself what he was. And now all that work is gone. Maybe he
is still the same person, but how many others will see him as less now? How hard will he
have to fight again to keep the respect he has already earned?
The doctor assured him that his situation may change with time, that he may simply be too
injured to activate his quirk at the moment. Recovery Girl has echoed the sentiment. Yet
Shouta can’t help but feel like fifteen years of hard-won progress is being ripped from his
hands, like a rope tearing fast from grasping palms and leaving awful burns in its wake.
“Just you wait,” Hizashi says, knocking a fist lightly against Shouta’s forehead with an
audibly forced smile. “You’ll be right as rain in no time.”
That makes it an even thirty.
They are both done with their work for the day and are waiting for Shuzenji, who insists that
Shouta needs to check in with her every day so she can keep track of his condition and
administer small healing session to chip away at the damage done to him. She bustles into the
room remarkably fast on those short legs of hers and lets out a loud tsk the moment she sets
eyes on Shouta where he sits on a cot, back and shoulders supported against a pillow, but legs
twisted to the side and hanging off the edge.
“You should be in the hospital,” she says, blunt and scolding.
“You said the same thing yesterday.”
“It was true then and it’s true now. You’re a stubborn fool, Shouta, and Nedzu doesn’t pay me
nearly enough to deal with you.”
“Your salary is obscene.”

“Not. Nearly. Enough.”
Hizashi snickers to the side as Shuzenji begins with her slew of tests, inspecting Shouta nonetoo-gently. He glares behind the gauze that covers his eyes, though he doubts it would have
any effect on her, even if she could see it. After years of dealing with bullheaded heroes and
reckless children, Shuzenji is all but immune to nasty looks and words. It takes much more
than that to shake her. In fact, if there’s anything that can, Shouta has not found it yet.
From where Hizashi watches the proceedings, perched on the edge of the bed, a phone
chimes, a distinct noise that makes Shouta’s whole body rigid. If Shouta had his own phone
he would have checked it instantaneously – a trained response to the tone that is set for all
messages sent to UA staff that are flagged as “URGENT” – but Hizashi took his phone
halfway through the day because Shouta kept trying to shift the bandages away from his eyes
to squint at the screen. The bed shifts as Hizashi worms his cell from the pocket of his tootight pants.
“What is it?” Shouta asks the moment Hizashi has had a second to read whatever alert he has
received.
“Nothing important.”
With a scowl, Shouta tries to sit up to extract more information from his husband – perhaps
something properly useful, this time – but Shuzenji pushes him back into the pillows with the
butt of her cane and a sharp click of her tongue.
“It’s nothing important,” she confirms. “Besides, even if Armageddon were descending upon
the school, what exactly are you planning to do about it when you can hardly move, much
less fight? Stay put.”
The words sting for how true they are. Shouta aches to do something, to be useful, but even if
Hizashi and Shuzenji let him out of this bed, he wouldn’t be any good in a fight in this
condition. It will be a while yet before he’s able to fight again, and even then, depending on
what becomes of his quirk, he may never be able to operate like he used to. The burn of
frustration and futility keep him silent for long minutes as Shuzenji continues her exam.
It is Nedzu that interrupts the silence, chiming in with a chirpy “knock, knock!” that is, of
course, accompanied by no actual knock. “Shouta!” Nedzu exclaims, with his particular
brand of malevolent cheerfulness that always sets Shouta’s hair on end. “You have a visitor!”
“Huh? Who the hell…?”
Shouta reaches for the bandages across his face, tugging at them as he searches blindly for
where the wrap begins. He has no idea who could possibly want to see him and would
warrant an escort from Nedzu, and he has no desire to deal with whatever mischief his boss is
getting up to without even being able to see the rat. Shuzenji bats his hands away with
another scornful click of her tongue, a familiar sound after all Shouta’s years as a student and
coworker. Much more efficiently than Shouta could manage even with unimpeded sight, she
unravels the bandages from his head.

“Let yourself adjust,” she scoffs when Shouta attempts to open his eyes immediately, only to
slam them shut when light stabs like daggers into his unaccustomed pupils. Impatient, Shouta
slits his eyes open, forcing them to adjust faster, despite the pain it invokes.
His vision is still slightly blurry, and everything is haloed by bright smears of hazy color.
Each time he blinks, a little spike of pain shoots from the back of his eyes straight into his
brain, and there is a lingering ache even when he does nothing at all, but the sensations are
manageable.
Nedzu stands in the doorway, along with Detective Tsukauchi, Midnight, Snipe, and –
“This is Izuku!” Nedzu says, gesturing a hand toward the kid next to him.
The boy is wearing soft, oversized clothes, which serve to make him look even smaller than
he already is. With his figure being hidden by the clothes and the roundness of his freckled
face, it’s hard to get a read on how old he is, but Shouta is certain the kid can’t be a day
above sixteen, and that’s if he’s being generous. He has fluffy dark hair that sticks out at odd
angles in a mass of shapeless curls and glints a bright green where the light catches it. His
eyes, large and equally green, scan over the room, flitting between doors and windows and
people before landing on Shouta with disconcerting focus.
Detective Tsukauchi, half a step behind, keeps his eyes fixed on the kid, intent and
calculating. Nedzu’s gleeful introduction has already put Shouta on edge, and the way
Tsukauchi looks at the boy just reaffirms to Shouta that there is more to this situation, more
to the child, than is immediately obvious.
“Izuku, this is Eraserhead,” Nedzu introduces. Izuku does not look at him, eyes locked on
Shouta. “But I suppose you already knew that!”
Izuku steps forward, out of the doorway and into the room. He moves deliberately, with
purpose that sends alarm bells ringing in Shouta’s head as he scrambles for whatever pieces
of information he is obviously missing. There is something about the kid that is horribly
familiar, but Shouta can’t put his finger on what, which only serves to put him more on edge.
Tsukauchi, Snipe, and Midnight all watch Izuku carefully, as if bracing themselves for
whatever he may do next, while Nedzu looks back and forth between Shouta and Izuku with
undisguised curiosity.
Izuku stops a polite distance from the bed and drops into a deep bow. Shouta blinks, hard
enough that he regrets it. Then blinks again when the kid is still bent in half, formal and
repentant for Shouta has no idea what.
“I’m sorry,” Izuku says in a voice that is soft and high-pitched, but confident.
“Stand up,” Shouta orders, discomfort making the words blunt. Izuku does so. “I don’t know
what you’re apologizing for.”
“Your quirk. I took it. I’m sorry.”
Shouta feels a bit like a computer that has blue screened.

“Excuse me. What?”
“Sorry,” the kid apologizes yet again. He frowns slightly, a small thing that breaks up the
eerie smoothness of his features. “I’ve never had to explain this before. My quirk lets me take
other people’s quirks. During the USJ attack, I took yours.”
Behind the kid, Snipe and Midnight shift uncomfortably. Tsukauchi’s gaze hardens. Nedzu
smiles. At Shouta’s side, Hizashi chokes on a breath of air and then bends over towards his
knees as he muffles his coughs. Shouta himself stares at the kid with eyes that sting for how
wide they have gone, and while the words shake him – a quirk that can take other quirks, dear
god – Shouta is more affected by the sudden wave of recognition that floods over him.
He remembers a foreign voice calling the name “Tomura,” practically sobbing it out with a
desperation that went entirely dismissed. He remembers a small blur of green standing
between one of his students and certain death. He remembers a child trying to reason with
one of the most unreasonable men Shouta has ever had the displeasure of meeting, and he
remembers the vague surprise when the child actually seemed to be succeeding.
And then, of course, Shouta remembers nothing, because he lost consciousness. After
waking, he had heard some whispers about the strange boy who had been with the villains,
but Shouta’s first concern had been with the wellbeing of his students, and then Hizashi had
stopped him before he could get involved in the investigation, insisting Shouta focus on
healing.
“Oh,” the kid says after the moment of silence has dragged on too long. “I’m here to return it.
Sorry. I should have said that sooner.”
Never in his life has Shouta felt so wrong-footed. Surprise after surprise and he does not
know how to process all this information, especially when it is still so full of gaps.
“Why?” Shouta asks, the first question he thinks.
“It’s not mine,” the kid answers simply.
“Then why did you take it?” There is an embarrassing edge of desperation to Shouta’s voice,
but he is confused and trying to understand.
Thinking his quirk was gone had been simple. He knew what happened. He had overexerted
himself, bitten off more than he could chew, and his injures had resulted in ocular damage
that prevented him from activating his quirk, perhaps permanently. This burgeoning reality is
so much more complicated and Shouta just wants to know what happened.
The kid bites his lip. “I didn’t want to take it. I know that doesn’t make it better, but it wasn’t
a choice I made lightly. And I had hoped that I would be able to return it before you even
realized it was gone. But I needed it.” He cuts his eyes over to Tsukauchi and meets the
Detective’s cold gaze without cowering before looking back to Shouta. He half-reaches out a
hand. “Can I give it back, before we get into why? The explanation might take a while.”

All Shouta can do is nod. Everyone watches Izuku approach the bed with varying degrees of
surprise and trepidation, bar Nedzu who’s still wearing that inscrutable smile, no doubt
scheming behind it.
“I need to touch you. Is that alright?”
Shouta nods again and the kid closes his hand gently around Shouta’s ankle. Hizashi hovers
beside him, half protective and half hopeful. A few brief moments later, the time made to feel
long by the tension saturating the room, and Izuku pulls his hand away, slumping slightly as
he wobbles and catches himself on the metal frame of the bed’s footboard.
“Woah there,” Hizashi says, reaching for the kid on instinct but stopping short of touching
him. “You alright?”
“Yeah,” Izuku replies. “Just tired.” And the kid sounds it. He sounds the kind of tired that
Shouta feels.
“Is that it?” Nedzu asks.
“Yep. I’m done. Erasure is back where it should be.”
“Shouta?” Nedzu checks, for confirmation.
The thing is, Shouta doesn’t feel any different. He couldn’t tell that his quirk was gone when
he woke up in the hospital, and he can’t tell if it’s back, now. His eyes still hurt, just as they
did before. His body aches.
So, Shouta does the only logical thing. Shuzenji is probably going to beat him upside the
head with her cane for trying to use Erasure when his eyes are in the state they are, but the
only way to know if he has it is to use it, so that’s what he does. Familiar, tingling heat flares
in his temples as the quirk – his quirk, back where it belongs – comes to life. He holds it for
barely a second before his eyes slam shut, reflexively retreating from the intense pain that
sparked to life in his head the moment Erasure was activated. He hisses, pressing the heel of
his palm to his forehead as Hizashi reaches out to cradle Shouta’s head in cool hands, rubbing
soft, soothing circles into his temples. The pain is nothing compared to the relief.
“Shigaraki,” Tsukauchi says, speaking up for the first time. His tone is not what the cold
calculation in his eyes would have led Shouta to expect. He sounds cautious, uncertain.
“Holy shit,” Snipe breathes from just beyond the doorway. “Is he okay?”
Hizashi’s hands stop moving. Shouta slits his eyes open.
Izuku still stands at the foot of the bed, but the disconcerting composure he has worn this
entire time has cracked down the center. It’s not like how glass shatters – smooth and sharp
and simple. The kid has cracked jagged and deep, like a fissure through the earth, a chasm so
dark no one could even begin to guess how far down it goes.
His pupils have dilated to pinpricks, eyes so wide Shouta can see white all the way around
the iris. He’s got one hand pressed over his mouth and the other wrapped around the base of

his throat, both shaking badly as he digs his nails into his skin. There is blood dried into his
cuticles and the creases of his knuckles
“Kid,” Shouta says, soft and careful, “you need to calm down.”
But his words do nothing to make Izuku’s eyes focus. He takes two steps backwards,
trembling and uncoordinated, then the toe of one foot catches on the heel of the other and he
tumbles to the ground. He makes no attempt to catch himself, falling in a heap. His breath
hitches. A whine builds in his throat, hardly audible.
“Midnight,” Shouta calls, and Nemuri, sensing his urgency, finally jolts into action.
She crosses the distance to the kid in a few, wide steps, pulling back the sleeve of her
costume as she does. Pink mist wafts from her skin into Izuku’s face, and the beginnings of a
scream die behind the boy’s teeth as he falls unconscious.
“Okay,” Hizashi says shakily into the sudden silence, “but what the fuck just happened?”

Let’s talk thermodynamics.
It’s all just theoretical, just a thought exercise.
Entropy reigns supreme. Everything trends towards disorder. What has been done cannot be
undone.
He will never be a hero. He is the villain in his own story.
You can’t uncook an egg.
Do you push your father?
You can’t unslit a throat.
Once, Izuku had tried to kill his father, and afterwards, he cried for hours because he never
should have tried in the first place.

There is a game.
This is real life. When people lose, they are lost. And they don’t come back.
You can’t win.

Because they are just pawns on a chessboard and losing them means little to the man playing
the game.
You can’t break even.
Sometimes, it seems like every choice Izuku makes is wrong. It’s like he’s built for regret, no
matter what he does.
You can’t even get out of the game.
There are no heroes in Izuku’s story. Only different types of villains.

Oh no.
This is not real life, he tells himself. He’s not actually here. Things like this don’t really
happen.

Oh no, no no nononono
He wishes this could be over already, he wishes this never happened in the first place, he
wishes he was somewhere else, he wishes he didn’t exist at all.

What has he done?
Once, Izuku would have gladly chosen being hurt over hurting someone else. He can no
longer make that choice. He wishes he were stronger, but he has only gotten weaker.

W̸̨͉̩̫͙͇̻̖̙̯͓̦̌̐͂̎ h̷̰̝̀̎̈́̽̈́͆̕͝ a̴̧̫̠̳̭̦̤͇͎̰̘̠̭͆̄̍̈̇ t̶̡̡̥̝͇̘̲͚̪̝̲́̉̂̇̃͊͌̚̚̕͜ͅ h̴̷̛͓̞͐̂̅͐͌̒̈̒̉̐̈́̂͘̚͘ͅ å̶͚̮͛͌̎͌̎̇͝s̴̲͑̔͋͂͒̒͑̓͗̿̀̕͝ ḧ̷̵̛͙̰̤̤̳̣͓̗̘̼̾͂̂̈̍͆̉̅̆̓́̒̉̑̎͒͗̽͌͂ ȩ̴̬͈͔͇̜͎͇͇͎̒̈ ̶̨̱̹̭̣̝̝̺̻͙̉d̶͚͕̳͔̥͔̫̝͌̽̑͒̆́̎̅̿̂̃͘͝ǫ̴̟͎̟̺͙͓̬̥͔̝̪͚̆͒͒̽̅̓̍̄̅̌͋̚ ṉ̷̼̍̄͌̂̈́̑͒͑̎ ë̴̯̹͚͇̱̮͎̗̫̲̣̘́̈́͋̈̿̈́̒̎̋ ?̶̛̘̜̦̱̬̖́͂̈́̽̉͌̒̕̚͠͝͠͝

“What’s my role here?”
“You are your father’s son.”

D̸̨̨̢̨̛̯͙͙̼̙͔̪̼̠̰̯͇̣̺͈̗̩̲̩̯͎̟̬͎̻̫͇̟̽͂̍̌̀̆̆̈͐̏̑̄̿͋̅̈́́̓͝͝ Ö̴̢̮̠̒̿͊͌̃͂̂̿͆͝͠N̵̲̖͉͋͋̉͂͌̎̒̐̈́̓̀̅͂͝ E̸̢̨̟̼͓̫̗̰̹̬̤̜̭̪̣͉͌̍͒̾͒͋̒͗̓̆̾̇͐̊̾͂̕͜ͅ?̶̡̙̼͇̳͙̦͎̭̩̤̼͓͙̭̬̿͠
Ẅ̷̢̛͙͍͉͎̦͔̫́̇͗̌̄̓͛̓͌̇͊͌͆͒̅̕̚̚ H̷̢̨̼͉͇̠̗̣̜̮̩̻̘̞̟̬̭̦̰̼̤̝͆̀̄̑̅̆̚͜͜ͅĂ̵̧̧̟̳̳̺̼̻̟̣̱̥̦͍̮̹̫̱͎̠̯̞̗̻̍̍͊͌̆̋̂̊͂̓̄̿̚͜͜͠T̷̢̛̛̮̙͖͚̄̃͆̊̈́͂̏̎̔̽͗̍̍̓̑͐̇̍̐̚̚͠ ̶̡̡̨͚̘͖̟͎̮͈̪̱̙̖͉͚̬̦̞̘̬͕̬̮̤͒̇͑̈͝Ḩ̶̨̪͓̟̘̺͈̦͔͖̟̺̩̺̮͕̟͙͎͓̦͈̗̘̍̀̅͌̄̊̎̇̌͋̀͒͘̕͜ Ą̵͇̰͕̥̭̞̖͇͔̙̟̣̹͚͍̫̱̪̮̬̪̲̞̱͈̻͋̃̌̋́͋̋͐̈́̄͗̃̀̊̔͂̒̒͋͌͆͛̈́̚͘͘͘͠͠ͅ Ş̸̡̫̮̥̣͚̖̦͔͙͙̦̱͛̉̒́̃̄̑̅̔̑͆̈́͗̔̉̓͝͠͝ H̸͇̪̻̉̊̌̌̒̈̌͒̉̕͝͠͠
̸̡̨̨̻̘̬̝̠̜̣̼̘̱̠̙̳̮͍̲͈͇͍̜̼̥͓̬̳̉̅̄̆ͅ Ė̵̝͇͕̻̗̻̣̝̣̓̿̌͂ ̷̢̡̙͍̥̲͙̤̝̗̼̞͖͖̜͚͓̹̘̬̩̑̓̊̾̐͌̂̌͗͌̑̉͘̕͜͜͜͝

Chapter End Notes

CWs
Unhealthy coping/Dissociation – Izuku’s still got that quirk going
There is also the associated breakdown when the quirk gets turned off
“There’s a game. You can’t win. You can’t break even. You can’t even get out of the
game.” is Ginsberg’s theorem, which parodies the laws of thermodynamics. It seemed
fitting.
Snipe: How old are you?
Izuku: Fifteen.
Snipe: …Dear god, I shot a toddler.
Mic: I TOLD YOU SO!
Tsukauchi: We have to suppress your quirk, it’s protocol
Nedzu: It’s not HERO protocol!

Tsukauchi: ...Am I a joke to you?
Next chapter: Lie Detection – Part II
Update: Dec. 24
Yes, that’s Christmas eve, yes I’m updating anyway. Happy holidays, y’all.

Chapter 11: Lie Detection - Part II
Chapter Notes

CWs in end notes
This part REALLY fought me, but I’m actually pretty happy with it, anyway.
Also -- IGG is two months old today! They grow up so fast :’)
NOW for some fanart and memes, courtesy of the Discord!
Clap (AO3 here!): X X X X
Cloud: X X X X X X X X X X X X X
Fola (AO3 here!): X
Lena: X X
Mantis: X X X X
And uh,,, a couple from me, too: X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Tomura knows loss.
Once, he lost everything. He felt it fall apart beneath his fingers. He tried his best to hold on,
but the touch of his hands brought distaster, and then Tomura was alone.
He knows loss. He knows the way it hollows you out. He knows how it feels to wonder why
you are the only one left.
Once, Tomura was lost, but then he was found, and after that, everything was meant to be
okay.
Now, he stares at the empty bookshelves in his brother’s room. Bookshelves that are meant to
be stuffed with journals that the brat guards better than his own life.
How do things disappear so quickly? Where do they go?
Where has Izuku gone?
It feels too much like loss. A helpless, whining feeling that Tomura was never supposed to
have to feel again. But it’s not. It’s not loss. Tomura is not a crying child stuck on his own.
He is a grown man with the power to change the world.
This is not loss.
This is theft.

It is Shuzenji, unshakable in the face of anything life throws at her, who moves into action,
commanding the other heroes in the room with an easy authority that knocks them all out of
their stunned trances.
“What are you waiting for!” she barks. “Someone get him up into a bed. No, not you Nemuri,
you have no business trying to lift a teenaged boy on those heels of yours. Hizashi! Get over
here, come on! I can hardly carry the boy myself!”
Hizashi practically leaps from Shouta’s side to do as he’s been told, bundling the kid up and
scooping him off the floor in a single motion that looks far too easy, showing no sign of
weight or strain from the body in his arms. He drops Izuku into the empty bed next to
Shouta’s, carefully arranging the boy’s limbs into a comfortable position.
“Tsukauchi, you’ll tell me what you know about this boy. The rest of you, get out,” Shuzenji
orders as soon as the kid is where she needs him. “Not you, Shouta,” she says when he makes
to stand. “I still have to rebandage your eyes and make sure you didn’t do any damage with
that little stunt of yours. Stay put. The rest of you – out!”
“Chiyo–” Nedzu begins, but she cuts him off with a single look.
“Yes, you.” It is a credit to Shuzenji that Nedzu makes for the door with merely a smile and
shrug, no further argument, though Shouta is willing to bet just about anything that the
scheming rodent will still be watching over the security cameras. The staff follows his lead
easily, all except Hizashi who hesitates between the two beds, eyes lingering on Shouta.
“You, too, Hizashi. The child doesn’t need you all hovering over him and your husband will
be fine without you for half an hour. I am perfectly capable of doing my job without an
audience, thank you very much.”
“Ah, right,” Hizashi agrees with a sheepish smile, rubbing the back of his neck. He pulls
Shouta’s phone out of his jacket pocket and passes it over, Shouta taking it clumsily between
stiff but thankfully not-casted fingers. “Call me if you need anything. I’ll meet you in the
lounge when you’re done, ‘kay?” Shouta nods tersely, and with one last glace, first at Shouta,
then at the child in the next bed over, Hizashi leaves, softly tugging the door closed behind
him.
Immediately, Shuzenji is attending to the kid, moving with the quick confidence that comes
with the decades of work she has dedicated to her field.
“What can you tell me about him?” she asks as she scribbles a handful of measurements
down on sheet of paper. She does not look up and Tsukauchi startles slightly where he stands
in the corner of the room.
“Shigaraki Izuku, born Midoriya Izuku. Fifteen years old. A member of the League of
Villains, seemingly with a degree of authority. He’s legally Quirkless, but recent

developments would indicate otherwise. The exact extent and nature of his actual quirk are
all unknown, but it includes the ability to steal the quirks of others.”
“Certainly not Quirkless,” Shuzenji mutters half to herself. “Can’t suffer from quirk
exhaustion if you don’t have one to begin with. Do you have any idea what happened to him
just now?”
“When he arrived, he mentioned having a quirk active. He wouldn’t say what it did, but he
mentioned backlash if it were to be turned off. That’s why he wasn’t in cuffs.”
“Oh, is that why?” she asks, in a dry tone that makes Tsukauchi shift uncomfortably. “If I had
to guess, it was some kind of emotion-based quirk. I know a panic attack when I see one, and
the boy was far too composed when he came in. Emotion quirks tend to be nasty.” She sighs,
attempting to wrangle the kid out of his hoodie but making little progress. Shouta moves to
help her but sinks back into the cot when she levels a glare on him. “Tsukauchi, help me get
this off him. I can’t look him over when he’s drowning in fabric.”
With Tsukauchi’s assistance, it is a simple matter to get the hoodie over the kid’s head, and
Shouta can’t help but frown at what’s revealed. Izuku is small – and he looks smaller still
when he’s pale and unconscious in an infirmary bed – but he is not skinny or emaciated in the
way Shouta half-feared he would be. There’s a puckered scar in the hollow of the kid’s left
shoulder, sore-looking and slightly red around the edges, but well healed, seeming weeks or
even months old, rather than a short few days. Physically Izuku looks more or less fine –
good, even. That’s not what pulls Shouta up short.
It’s the blood.
The kid is covered in blood.
Admittedly, covered is a bit of an overstatement. Really, there’s not much at all, but it’s all
over him. Dried into the creases of his elbow, the dip of his collar bones. There’s a flaking
smear along the side of his ribs, flecks over his hipbone. Perhaps Izuku is not covered in
blood, but there’s enough traces of it for Shouta to realize that, not too long ago, Izuku was. If
the sharp intake of air is any indication, Tsukauchi has come to the same conclusion.
“It’s not his,” Shuzenji says as she prods lightly at the healing bullet wound.
“Who’s is it, then?” Tsukauchi asks.
“How am I meant to know? I’m a doctor, not a wizard.” Apparently, she has nothing more to
say on the topic of how a teenaged boy could come to be covered in blood that is not his own,
because she moves on with an easy shrug. “There’s not much I can do for him. Other than the
gunshot, which someone else has already done work on, his only issue is an intermediate case
of quirk exhaustion. He’ll be awake as soon as Nemuri’s quirk wears off. For better or for
worse. Get that sweatshirt back on him.”
“How long will that take?” Tsukauchi asks, dutifully maneuvering the kid back into his
clothes as Shuzenji whirls on Shouta, scoffing to herself about his eyes under her breath, low
enough that Shouta can hear only enough of what she’s saying to know he’s being insulted.

“Half an hour, maximum.”
Tsukauchi sighs to himself, hooking his ankle around a nearby chair to drag it closer to the
bed. He sits and, after a moment, pulls a pair of cuffs out from his coat.
“You can’t be serious,” Shouta blurts, flat and unamused.
“Not you, too,” Tsukauchi groans, tipping his head back with a long-suffering air that Shouta
doesn’t think he’s entitled to. “It’s protocol, Aizawa. I know heroes can play fast and loose
with that, but it exists for a reason. I thought you appreciated that? He is an unknown factor
with an incredibly dangerous – potentially disastrous – quirk.”
“He’s a kid.”
“A kid who, at the very least, associates with villains.”
“He’s shown us nothing but good faith,” Shouta argues, ignoring Shuzenji even as she shines
a light in his eye that is so bright he feels like his optic nerves have been set aflame. “He
saved multiple lives at the USJ and delivered himself directly into hero custody to return my
quirk.”
“He stole your quirk. He only needed to return it because he stole it. His role in the USJ
incident is still unclear. We have no idea what his motives were. Not to mention the blood he
has on him, now. He may be young, but that doesn’t mean he’s innocent. This isn’t one of
your students, Aizawa.”
“There’s a thin line between cautious and callous.”
“And an equally thin one between sympathetic and sentimental.”
Shouta grits his teeth as Shuzenji wraps gauze back over his eyes. He listens carefully for
Tsukauchi’s movements and the snick of handcuffs being tightened into place is
unmistakable. As is Shuzenji’s soft, resigned sigh, though she doesn’t say a word against it.
Shouta recognizes the validity of Tsukauchi’s words, and that makes the situation all the more
bitter. It is naïve to think that someone means well just because they are young. If years of
teaching have taught Shouta anything it’s that teenagers are, in fact, some of the most spiteful
and malevolent creatures on the planet. If the kid, Izuku, does mean them harm, in any way,
for any reason, the cuffs are a vitally important tool. And if the kid’s intentions really are
good, then cuffing him as a precaution does little to no damage in the long run. It is better to
be safe than sorry.
But despite that, despite the truth and the logic, Shouta already is sorry. He’s sorry this kid
who just had a meltdown brought about by god knows what is going to wake up handcuffed
and surrounded by strangers who will be demanding answers the kid may or may not have.
“I want to be there when you question him,” Shouta says, a compromise with the pit in his
stomach. There’s nothing he can do right now to make the situation better, but he can assure
that it doesn’t get worse.

“You can’t.”
“Why not?” Shouta can hear Tsukauchi shift in his chair as the other man stalls for words.
Shuzenji moves about the room with fast, light steps as she tidies up.
“It’s confidential.”
“Excuse me?” Shouta asks, baffled. Tsukauchi is a man obsessed with truth, and Shouta has
not known him to lie, but the offered explanation is ridiculous. “I was at the USJ. The only
reason I’m not part of the investigation myself is because Hizashi won’t let me get involved. I
have clearance for this.”
“There’s… more to the situation,” Tsukauchi explains haltingly. “It’s not something I can get
into, but if the boy is who I think he is, this goes beyond the USJ.”
“Is that supposed to make me give in? Because, if anything, I’m more curious that I already
was.”
“Curiosity killed the cat.” Now, more than ever, Shouta curses the inability to roll his eyes.
He hates that expression.
“Satisfaction brought it back,” he deadpans, hoping his tone can convey even an ounce of just
how unsatisfying he finds this exchange. If Tsukauchi’s weary exhale is anything to go on,
Shouta succeeds.
“That’s not – you can’t be there.” Tsukauchi says it strong and final, as if putting enough
emphasis on the words will make Shouta care any more about them. It doesn’t. With one last
clatter, Shuzenji exits the room, silently leaving the two men to their debate.
“You can’t question the kid alone. He’s a minor and you don’t have a guardian’s permission
to speak with him.”
“He’s a suspect.”
“And it’s protocol to question suspects in pairs, to ensure they’re treated properly. I know
how you love protocol.”
“All Might will be questioning him with me.”
“Yagi? What does he have to do with this?”
“It’s–”
“Let me guess: a national secret.”
“I was going to say confidential. That’s the official word.”
Shouta hisses an aggravated breath through his teeth. All Might and his secrets. The man is
so obsessed with standing as a symbol that he has practically erased all evidence of himself
as a person. Even the man’s name is a national secret. Shouta doesn’t even want to get into

the whole deal with the man’s injury and his time limit and all those wild revelations Shouta
and the rest of the staff at UA had been deemed worthy of when All Might joined their
numbers.
“Wait,” Shouta says, realization dawning on him. “When you say ‘confidential,’ do you mean
actually, legally confidential? Or do you mean confidential as in All Might wants to keep
another secret? Because these are two very different things.”
Tsukauchi’s silence is answer enough.

Somehow, Izuku is surprised to wake up. Surprised and not exactly pleased.
The handcuffs are less surprising.
“Oh,” a blonde man with a gauntly thin face says, “he’s awake.”
He is. He wishes he wasn’t. Maybe he can go back to sleep. He wonders how long he could
sleep for, if he really, really tried.
“Shigaraki,” says another man, this one with dark brown hair and features that are forgettable
compared to his skeletal companion. Tsukauchi, Izuku recalls. The man with the lie detection
quirk who met Izuku at the gates of UA. UA, where Izuku went after –
His breath catches. His arms jerk reflexively. The cuffs around his wrists jostle and the chain
connecting them chimes, a bright metal sound that Izuku pours all of his focus into, shaking
his hands to ensure silence doesn’t get a chance to fall.
“Shigaraki,” Tsukauchi repeats, his voice softer this time. “Are you alright? Do you need
anything? Water, maybe?” Izuku shakes his head, jangles his wrists, keeps his eyes trained on
the gleam of fluorescent lighting dancing over the silver. “Sorry about the cuffs. It’s
protocol.” Someone scoffs.
“No,” Izuku says, somehow simultaneously too breathy and starved for air. “I-it’s fine. Um,
b-better this way, p-pr-probably.” He gasps a breath and chokes on it. His throat feels like it is
full of cotton, leaving no room for things like oxygen or words.
“We have some questions for you, young man, if you would be willing to answer them for
us,” the blonde says, and Izuku nods robotically.
“Is it alright if I record this?” Tsukauchi asks, pulling a small, rectangular taping device from
his coat. Izuku nods – he has not stopped nodding since the blonde man spoke. Tsukauchi hits
a button on the devices side and sets it on the table next to the bed Izuku has been placed in.
“Can you state your name for the record?”
“I-Izuku.”

“Your full name, please.”
Do you prefer Shigaraki or Midoriya?
Sorrow – want – shame.
Izuku has been Shigaraki for five years. And as much as he loved loves his father and
Tomura, the entire time, he craved to be Midoriya. The name he was born with, his mother’s
name. But Midoriya Izuku had not done the things this Izuku has done.
What has been done cannot be undone.
“M-M-M–” Izuku swallows, painful for how tight his throat is, and tries again, forcing the
syllables out even as his teeth try to bite them off. “Mid-Midoriya Izuk-ku.” The way he says
it does not sound like Midoriya, the warm and familiar name he has longed for. It’s faltering
and drawn out and he hates it.
Tsukauchi pauses, tapping his finger twice on the arm of his chair. The blonde man looks at
that finger with a frown, and Izuku bites his cheek until he tastes iron.
“Is that your full, legal name?” Tsukauchi asks. His voice is carefully neutral, but Izuku’s
heart sinks. Two taps and heavy glances. A lie detection quirk. He squeezes his eyes shut.
“Y-yes,” he says.
One tap.
Midoriya Izuku is Izuku’s full legal name. That’s the truth. But it’s not really his anymore, is
it? He lost it. Ruined it. Killed it.
Izuku chokes, tears welling against the tight seam of his eyelids, a burning pressure that
builds relentlessly until it breaks, leaking down his face.
“Are you alright?” Tsukauchi asks again, his voice even softer this time. “We can do this
later.”
“I-I’m f-f-fine,” Izuku insists. Tsukauchi does not tap at all, and Izuku is grateful not to be
called on the lie. “We-we have to d-do this n-now.”
“You said before that you don’t have much time. What did you mean by that?”
“T-Tom-mura. And – and K-Kurogiri. They – They’ll f-find me. S-soon.”
“They don’t know you’re here?”
“N-no. I lef-left. Had to. To-Tomura, he – oh god.”
Izuku bends forward, burying his face against his knees, cradling his cuffed hands against his
chest, curling into that pulsing raw void that has opened up inside him. It pulls at him like a
blackhole, tugging him until he’s nothing but long, thin filaments. He’s going to snap into

pieces, and all those little fragments are going to be sucked into the engulfing abyss between
his ribs, and then there will be nothing left of him. He wishes it would just happen already,
instead of dragging out like this. Everyone knows that it is best to kill someone quickly.
He’s like a dying plant, Izuku thinks hysterically.
Always dying. Never dead.
Izuku swears he means to laugh, but a sob comes out instead.
“Shig – Midoriya, you’re alright. I need you to take a deep breath for me.”
Izuku means to listen, he does. He’s not trying to cause problems, but he just can’t. Every
time he tries to inhale, something stabs into his lungs and his throat clamps down and the air
is too hot and wet, and he just can’t, he can’t. Izuku can’t breathe and he can’t see, and he is
finally going to die like this, pathetic, covered in snot and his father’s blood.
“Hey there kiddo, I’m going to touch you, alright? I’m not going to hurt you, just touch you.”
Izuku can’t answer – he can barely understand what is being said to him, the words filtering
through his head somehow wavy, like he’s deep underwater. But the hands on Izuku are warm
and solid and almost heavy enough to keep Izuku’s soul pinned inside his body. The hands
grab Izuku’s and pull them forward until he can feel a steady heartbeat beneath his palms.
“Match my breathing.”
Izuku is led through familiar cycles, ones he practiced with Tomura years ago before Tomura
decided that breathing exercises were stupid and he wouldn’t be humoring Izuku about them
anymore. Izuku fumbles through the first few, breath stuttering and broken and off count, but
each time, a gentle voice says, “good job, keep going,” and Izuku does, and the next cycle is
a little easier.
“And to think,” someone says when Izuku is finally breathing easy enough that spots stop
dancing in his vision, “you wanted to question him alone.”
“Yes, Aizawa, thank you.”
“Hizashi’s the one who did all the work.”
It takes a moment for the words to reach Izuku, but once they do, he jerks his head around so
quickly his neck cricks, staring with horrified eyes at the man in the next bed over, gone
unnoticed up to this point.
Aizawa Shouta.
Eraserhead.
Izuku hadn’t been able to appreciate how terrible the hero looked when he first saw him. The
only skin Izuku can see is the tips of the man’s fingers, everything else covered by his clothes
or swaths of bandages. After a day of sleep, Izuku had recovered almost entirely from the

events of the USJ, but Eraserhead, even with access to some of the best healers in the
country, still looked like he was on death’s door. It is a miracle that Eraserhead is alive at all.
No thanks to Izuku, who only watched as he was brutalized, who took advantage of the
hero’s condition to steal from him.
“I’m sorry,” Izuku blurts. He said it before, but he hadn’t been able to mean it the way he
needed to, then. “I t-took your quirk, I s-stole it! I’m so sorry, I–”
“Hey, hey, hey.”
Izuku’s hands, still in the grasp of another, still pressed against a steady heartbeat, are
squeezed. Now that Izuku is listening better, the voice is familiar, if softer than he has ever
heard it on the radio. Present Mic is sitting in front of him, smiling kindly, and how that
managed to escape Izuku’s attention is a testament to just how fragmented he feels.
“We just calmed you down kid,” Eraserhead says while Izuku stares at the new hero in the
room, the one sitting so close to him, the one touching him, as if Izuku couldn’t take
advantage of that contact to do horrible things. “Don’t go getting yourself worked up again.
You already apologized. Six times, now. Not that I’m counting.”
Izuku blinks, off kilter and overwhelmed, caught on the edges of Present Mic’s smile. It is
such a soft expression, gentle and reassuring, kind in a way that Izuku doesn’t deserve. These
people have no idea what Izuku has done. They should look at him like Tsukauchi did when
Izuku arrived – cold and guarded. He has tricked them, fooled them, lied to them without
saying a word and lulled them all into a trap he didn’t even mean to set.
“You said you stole Aizawa’s quirk,” the blonde man interjects – the stranger, not Present
Mic, who is also very blonde and is still holding Izuku’s hands in his. “How did you do that?”
Izuku tears himself away from Present Mic, pulling his eyes and hands away in the same
movement as he turns to face the blonde stranger. He tucks his hands close to his chest, as if
that will prevent him from hurting anyone.
It won’t. Nothing will.
“It’s what my quirk does,” Izuku answers at a whisper.
“You said earlier that you needed Eraserhead’s quirk, specifically,” Tsukauchi says, shooting
the blonde stranger a look that Izuku can’t interpret. “Can you elaborate on why?”
Izuku looks at his hands, balled into fists against his chest where he can pretend they’re
harmless. Blood has dried a rusty brown, caked under his fingernails, proving that he’s
anything but. He stretches his fingers out, staring helplessly at the evidence of everything he
has done, of everything that cannot be undone.
Izuku doesn’t want to say it. He’s not entirely sure he can say it. He wants to curl up in a ball
and scream and scream and scream until all the bad things inside of him are gone, which
means he would probably be screaming forever.

He doesn’t want to explain, but he needs to. He has to. He has to. It’s why he’s here. He came
all this way, he did all this, and now he must explain himself.
And maybe when he’s done, he can finally rest. Behind bars or in whatever cell the heroes
stick him in. In whatever afterlife Tomura sends him to.
It is hard to speak. Every sound wants to be a shriek. Izuku’s voice wants to shatter into
nonsensical pieces. But he forces words into subservience, strained and thready and barely
audible, praying he won’t be asked to repeat himself.
“I needed it to kill my father.”

I needed it to kill my father.
Shouta has never felt a silence so poignant as the one that follows that murmured confession.
He wishes he could see the look on the kid’s face. He wishes he could reach out and touch.
Lay a hand on the kid’s shoulder, maybe. Shouta doesn’t know, exactly – it’s an entirely alien
desire to him, who neither likes to touch nor be touched, with the sole exception of Hizashi,
who Shouta has loved for half his life.
But there is something about this kid.
Shouta has seen murderers. He has seen the worst of humanity, has looked into the eyes of
dozens of people who thrive on the suffering of others, who plan their every action with the
sole intent of causing people pain for the sake of their own pleasure.
Most murderers, though, are not like that. Shouta has seen all kinds of murderers. Some are
righteous, some are frantic, some are confused or lost, angry or scared. He has seen them
young, remorseful, even tortured by guilt. He has seen them cry and plead and punish
themselves far worse than the law would deem just. He has seen villains and victims and both
wrapped into one. He has seen it all.
It never gets any easier.
“Young man,” Yagi says, voice appropriately grave but stern in a way Shouta wants to
protest, even if he can’t say it’s entirely unjustified. “Who was your father?”
“Shigaraki Hisashi,” the kid says, words fragmented and pieced back together like stained
glass. “And… and All for One.”
Neither name means anything to Shouta, but they certainly mean something, judging by the
way both Yagi and Tsukauchi suck in sharp breaths.
“That can’t be,” Yagi denies.

“He’s telling the truth,” Tsukauchi says, though he sounds doubtful even as he verifies the
claim. “What does Erasure have to do with this?”
“M-my f-fa – my dad, he–” the kid’s sentence dissolves, cutting off with a whine, far too
similar to the sound he made when Shouta stupidly erased whatever quirk he was using.
Shouta sits up, making to stand, though he has no idea what he is planning to do or how he is
meant to help when he doesn’t have working eyes or arms.
Hizashi, thankfully, is a step ahead of him.
“Hush, listener, you’re alright,” Hizashi says in a carefully moderated tone that Shouta
wishes he would put in the effort to use more often. “You don’t need to talk, you don’t need
to answer any more–” Hizashi pauses. “Okay, okay. Do you know sign language?” Another
pause. “Maybe you could write it down, then. You write, I’ll read. Does that sound good?
You have some paper on you, Detective?”
“Of course,” Tsukauchi responds, accompanied by the tell-tale rustle of him searching
through the many pockets of his coat. “My quirk doesn’t work with writing, though.”
“We can worry about fact checking later, yeah? For now, let’s just get everything out there.”
Shouta sits in his bed, listening as close as he can to the scratch of pen across paper, and feels
distinctly useless. With Hizashi here, Shouta can at least trust that the situation is being wellhandled, but that doesn’t stop him from feeling like some kind of twisted voyeur, audience to
distress but unable to contribute anything meaningful to help abate it.
After a long moment, Hizashi clears his throat and reads, “‘My father had a quirk like mine.
He had a lot of quirks that he had stolen. Some of them were keeping him alive, in spite of
severe injuries he had received. I needed Erasure to get rid of those.’”
“No,” Yagi repeats, and Shouta can perfectly imagine the stubborn set of the man’s jaw from
his tone. “All for One has been dead for years.” Pen scratches on paper and Yagi huffs a
frustrated breath. “No. I killed him, I’m sure of it.” The scratching pauses, then resumes, slow
and deliberate.
“Ah,” Hizashi says when the pad of paper is passed to him. “‘My father was badly injured in
a fight against–’ well. He says, ‘in a fight against All Might when I was nine years old. He
didn’t die. You never found a body, did you?’”
A new silence falls, and Shouta curses internally at Yagi’s carelessness. For a man so
obsessed with secrets, he gives himself away remarkably quickly under pressure. It’s a
miracle his identity and health situation weren’t already known to the whole country.
“No,” Yagi eventually replies. “I didn’t.”
“So, All for One didn’t die six years ago, as we had believed, but he is dead now?”
Tsukauchi asks, sounding impressively composed given what Shouta has gathered to be a
rather large revelation.

“‘Yes,’” Hizashi reads, his confusion leaking into the affirmative. Shouta – still puzzling out
the situation himself, trying to piece the information together literally blind – relates.
“What do you know about his plans? What has he been doing, all these years?”
“‘I don’t know. He always said he wanted to make the world better–’ He put that in quotes,
by the way, ‘–but he never told me what that meant. Mostly, he just raised me. He was my
dad.’” There is a subtle thread of discomfort in Hizashi’s voice, obvious to Shouta, who can
identify every one of his husband’s many cadences. It’s a strange and painful contrast to the
soft sniffles and teary gasps coming from the kid.
“What about the League of Villains? Who is Shigaraki Tomura?”
“‘Tomura isn’t the villain.’ He, uh, underlined ‘isn’t’ three times.”
“Then who is?”
“Me!” the kid shouts, paper crunching and rustling as he discards the pad. “Or-or my f-father,
o-or I – I don’t know, I d-don’t know, but Tomura – he, he n-never asked f-for this, he never
g-got a ch-cho-choice! You can’t just – you can’t. I’ll be the villain! I-I’ll be the v-villain but
you n-ne-n – you n-need to save T-Tomura.”
“Midoriya, please, take a breath–”
“No! N-no! I did – oh g-god – I d-did all t-this s-so T-Tom-Tomura c-could be s-safe. You ccan’t!”
“Hey listener, hey, shhh, you’re going to be okay, just breathe with me alright? Just breathe.”
With the kid spiraling into yet another breakdown, Shouta has officially had enough. He
stands, exuding all the intimidation he can in the state he’s in, and turns towards where Yagi
and Tsukauchi’s voices originate from.
“Out,” he commands, prepared to physical remove them both from the room if needs must,
regardless of the plaster around his arms.
“Aizawa–” Tsukauchi begins, obviously about to protest but at least having the good grace to
sound remorseful about it. Shouta doesn’t particularly want to hear it, either way.
“No. Out. None of your questions are so important that they can’t wait until he’s stable
enough to answer them.”
“Young Aizawa, you don’t understand what’s at stake here–”
“I understand,” Shouta interrupts, pitching his voice higher to be heard over the increasing
volume of Izuku’s cries, “that we are working with a traumatized child, and I’m not about to
let you traumatize him further. He’s not going anywhere. Out, now.”
Ultimately it is a wail, ear-piercing and ghastly, that achieves Shouta’s goal and drives the
men out of the room. Shouta himself lingers for a moment, wishing he had some way to

assess the situation other than sound because it certainly doesn’t sound like things are going
well. But beneath the kid’s hysterical noises, Shouta can still hear Hizashi’s soothing words,
well-practiced and calm, giving away none of the stress Shouta is sure he’s feeling.
Zashi is good at this stuff– far better than Shouta. Maybe there’s no consoling someone in a
situation like this, no way to offer any kind of comfort that matters, but Hizashi has always
been a pillar of support for anyone that needs him, and he’s especially good with kids.
Izuku will be safe, if not sound.
It is still hard for Shouta to leave them behind.
“We need to figure out how we’re going to handle this,” he says as he closes the door to the
infirmary. The sound of panic is muffled, but not muted, behind it.
“Well,” Yagi begins, “you mentioned he had some kind of emotional suppression quirk that
allowed him to get this far. Perhaps he could just turn that back on–”
“No,” Shouta interrupts.
“He has essential information. If whatever quirk he was using before would put him in a state
to share it–”
“Absolutely not. Out of the question.”
“Quirks of that nature often prove detrimental to long-term mental health,” Tsukauchi says.
The detective has been oscillating up and down in Shouta’s favor all afternoon, but his
rationality here is certainly a point in his favor. “It would be entirely unethical for us to
advocate for the kid to use it further.”
“Of course,” Yagi agrees with a sigh. “You’re right. I apologize, I shouldn’t have suggested
it. But the fact remains that the boy needs to be interrogated.”
“He does,” Shouta says. “But that’s not something we can rush. Getting a proper statement
from him will take time. The question is what we do with him in the meantime.”
Yagi hums. “There are plenty of open cells at the station, I’m sure.”
“No,” Tsukauchi refutes before Shouta can, gaining another point in his favor. “The station
doesn’t have high enough security. Based on what Midoriya has said about limited time and
Shigaraki and Kurogiri coming to find him, we’ll want a heavy guard on him. Tartarus seems
a bit extreme, without having established how culpable the boy himself is, but the
Commission has holding cells that should be sufficient.” Shouta immediately detracts the
point.
“You’re kidding,” Shouta bites out, voice flat and scornful. “If you hand him over to the
Commission the kid will never see light again, no matter how innocent or guilty he ends up
being.”
“He’s dangerous, Aizawa,” Yagi counters.

“‘Dangerous,’ says the man who could level half the country in a minute flat. We’re all
dangerous.”
“You have no idea what that boy is capable of.”
“Neither do you. You know what his father is capable of. Terrible things, I’d guess. But you
can’t just lock up a child and throw away the key because you’re afraid of things he might do
when you don’t even know what he has done.”
“He attacked the USJ–”
“Harming no one, and, in fact, preventing the death or injury of at least two students.”
“He murdered his father.”
“Who was apparently a villain.”
“It’s a crime, nonetheless–”
“He killed a man that you believed to be long dead by your own hand.”
“That’s different. I’m a hero.”
“I have news for you, Yagi. The only thing that separates most heroes from most villains is a
government sanction. If he were anyone else, you’d be thanking him.”
They fall into silence. If not for the bandages covering Shouta’s eyes, he imagines they would
be engaged in an intense stare down, but as it is, they just stand next to each other, tense.
“Do you have any suggestions?” Tsukauchi asks. He sounds tired and resigned, like a man
with a choice to make but no good options to pick from.
“Yes, actually,” Shouta responds. “Take him into protective custody. Put him in a safehouse
and guard him with as many heroes and officers as you think necessary to protect the kid
from the League and the outside world from the kid. Keep him there for as long as it takes to
get the information you need from him and determine where he stands in this whole mess. If
he’s dangerous, he’ll be contained. And if he’s not – if he’s just a kid who got dealt a shit
hand and made of it what he could – then he’ll be safe and comfortable until we can figure
out what to do with him in the long-term.”
“You’ve really latched onto this kid, haven’t you?” Tsukauchi asks with a sigh.
“I’m a teacher,” Shouta deadpans. “Advocating for children is my job. And I’m a hero. I
know a victim when I see one.”
“Alright, fine. I’ve got some calls to make.”
Tsukauchi wanders down the hall to do just that, leaving Shouta and Yagi standing outside
the infirmary. Behind the door, Izuku is no longer screaming, but soft sobs still filter through,
tragic background noise. Shouta can’t wait to get home and curl up on the couch with the cats

and finally take a goddamned nap. Exhaustion weighs him down like a stone slab, but he
suspects with jaded resignation that sleep will evade him tonight.
“I hope you’re right about the boy,” Yagi says eventually. “For everyone’s sake.”
Here’s the thing – Shouta will admit that it’s possible that he’s wrong. He doesn’t think he is,
but he could be. Maybe the kid has already been thoroughly corrupted by whoever the hell
All for One was. Maybe he will grow up to be the worst villain they have ever seen. Maybe
he will destroy them all, like Yagi seems to think.
But even if he is, even if he does, Shouta would make the same choice. Shouta would sooner
die than condemn a child due to his own paranoia, even if there is a degree of merit to those
fears. Because it’s a simple fact of life that all children deserve a chance.
“You’re not a cruel man, Yagi,” he says. “Pull your head out of your ass.”

Tomura knows anger.
Anger is hot and familiar. It warms him from the inside out, so much so that he sometimes
feels like he is boiling in his skin. It lives inside him like a parasite, feeding off of everything
he does.
Anger is the only thing that has been with Tomura his entire life. Father taught him anger,
and then Sensei taught him what to do about it. Tomura knows it inside and out, and it knows
him just as well.
Anger is not bloody clothes and empty bookshelves. Phones and panic buttons and other
important things left behind. Losing things, losing people, losing yourself.
This is not anger.
This is wrath.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
General mental instability. Panic attacks and depression. Izuku is in a very bad place.
Nothing that hasn’t been seen in previous chapters, but just MORE of it, all at once.
But hey, at least he FINALLY gets some comfort. We’re done with hurt-no-comfort.
Now we’re on to hurt-AND-comfort. Still hurt, though. Uhhh yeah, definitely still lots

of hurt to go around.
Aizawa: *has both his arms in casts*
Me: *writes an entire scene that necessitates the use of his hands*
Me: …
Me: f u c k
(While Izuku is panicking)
Tsukauchi: Did you really have to call Mic?
Aizawa: You were fucking it up.
Yamada: Sho, we should adopt. Maybe a sweet little baby girl
Izuku: *killed his dad, has Trauma™*
Aizawa: I want that one
Yamada: Yep, I’ll start the paperwork
Izuku: I stole your quirk and used it to kill my villain father
Aizawa: So you’re in the market for a dad, then?
Izuku: What?
Aizawa: What?
Izuku: Earlier today I killed my father, All for One –
All Might: All for One has been dead for six years!
Izuku: No, I killed him like three hours ago. Are you even listening?
Next chapter: Lie Detection – Part III,,, I think. It was supposed to be Part I of the next
chapter, but I added some things at like 3AM last night (technically this morning), so I
think Lie Detection needs a Part III, sorry. But also the scenes might not work so who
knows lmao
Update: Dec. 31 (this much I am sure of)
Only just now realizing that Christmas Eve and New Years Eve are exactly a week apart
but as far as I’m concerned, my update schedule trumps international holidays.

Chapter 12: Lie Detection - Part III
Chapter Notes

The only CW is the poor state of Izuku’s general mental health, but what else is new.
This part is VERY SHORT, sorry. It’s more of a 2.5 than a 3 – a transition between this
chapter and the next. Hopefully y’all enjoy, and if not, the story will be moving forward
next week.
Have some premium bonus content from the Discord
Cloud: X X X X X X X X X X X X X
Lemon: X
Mischief: X
Surya: X X
The discord,,, has really latched onto train memes
And also I drew a matching Tomura for the Izuku in last chapter

See the end of the chapter for more notes

When they say they are taking Izuku to a safehouse, he expects a small, dark room
underground that will keep him contained so he can’t hurt anyone else.
What he gets is a house.
It is not particularly large. The front door has several locks that only the heroes can open, and
the windows are all covered by curtains that wouldn’t budge even if Izuku pulled at them.
There are cameras everywhere – some obvious, with blinking lights and bodies that swivel
towards motions, others small and nondescript, designed to be unnoticeable like the one at
the gates of UA. At least two heroes and one police officer are in the house at all times,
sometimes more. They are neither kind nor cruel, as silent and watchful as the cameras.
And Izuku is hardly treated as a mere guest. Bands around both of his wrists keep his quirk
suppressed, though they do nothing to inhibit his movement since they’re no longer
connected by a chain. His backpack with his notebooks is taken as evidence, but they leave
him his mother’s locket and that’s the only thing he can’t stand to lose.
But there is a bedroom, with a comfortable bed and a dresser that has been filled with simple
clothes in Izuku’s size. There is a living room with a couch and a TV that gets more channels
than the one in the bar. There is a kitchen where a hero cooks meals for Izuku and with a
fridge that is always full of snacks.
It is, in fact, a safehouse, where Izuku is being kept safe from the outside world just as much
as the outside world is being kept safe from him.

For a moment, Izuku doesn’t understand why they bother. All these amenities and resources
are being wasted on his safety and comfort, and the heroes must know that. But then
Tsukauchi comes to ask more questions, and the effort makes sense.
Despite trying his best, Izuku hasn’t done a very good job of sharing the information he has.
He knows how important it is, but whenever he tries to talk about certain things –
unfortunately, the most important things – the aching hollowness of his insides fills up with
guilt and grief and horror until he can’t talk or breathe or see. Until he can’t feel his fingertips
or hear the questions being asked of him because he has been swallowed by all the terrible
things he has done – suffocated in the dark, wet heat of the belly of the beast, where all he
can do is scream.
Scream and scream and scream until his throat is raw and his voice cuts out, and then he is
nothing, not even noise.

“How’s it going with Midoriya?”
“It’s not.”
“Oh.”
“I’ll give it to the kid – he’s trying. But whatever happened – he’s so … effected by it.
Granted, I can’t really blame him, given the pieces I’ve gathered. Still, I can’t get more than a
few answers out of him before he starts to break down. Nobody else has had any more luck
with him, either.”
“Well shit.”
“Ha! Yeah, that’s one way to put it.”
“What are you going to do?”
“What can I do? Be patient. Be persistent. Try not to break the kid in the process.”
“Kids are supposed to be resilient, aren’t they?”
“That’s what they say.”
“Have you looked for someone with a quirk that might help?”
“I’ve looked, yeah, but haven’t really found anything. Memory quirks unreliable at best, and
the handful of people I’ve talked to aren’t willing to use their quirks in such an extreme
circumstance, anyway. Same thing with emotion-based calming quirks. No one I’ve talked to
wants to use their quirk in such a volatile situation, where it might do more harm than good.”

“Can’t say I blame them.”
“Me either. Doesn’t make it any less inconvenient, though.”
“No, I don’t suppose it does. Damn. Well, I don’t envy you, that’s for sure.”
“Only an idiot would.”
/////
“Is it weird that I’m worried about him?”
“Who?”
“Wha – The kid, obviously!”
“Why are you worried?”
“Sorry, were you not in the same room I was? The poor boy had an absolute breakdown! I
had to knock him out!”
“You knock people out all the time. It’s literally what you do. Your hero name could
practically be Knock-Out. Wait. Heh, that’d actually be perfect. Knock-Out, get it, because–”
“I knock villains out all the time, not children!”
“I think the kid was the same age as our first years. You knock those out plenty often.”
“Yes, in training exercises and exams! Controlled situations! Not because they’re suddenly so
hysterical there’s a legitimate concern that they’re going to harm themselves if I don’t use my
quirk on them! You’re being difficult on purpose.”
“Look, I just don’t get the big deal. The kid was a villain. And whatever his problem is, I’m
sure Recovery Girl took good care of him. There are other people handling it – capable
people. Nothing for us to worry about.”
“Well, I’m worried anyway.”
“You can’t get personally concerned about every distressed person that crosses your path.
Seriously. It’s not healthy – especially not in our line of work. You good?”
“…I know. I’m fine, I swear. It’s not like I’m, I don’t know, hugely burdened or anything.
Only a little worried. It’s just – he was odd, don’t you think? So small and quiet and serious.”
“Yeah, definitely. And let me say, his oddness made me more worried for us than for him.
Nobody should act that empty, it never ends well. Not to mention that Nedzu seemed
interested in him and that’s practically an omen of doom.”
“You’re so dramatic.”
“I’m dramatic? Okay, Ms. ‘Worried about a kid I met for all of five minutes.’”

“Shut up! It’s the maternal instincts!”
“Maternal? You don’t have a maternal bone in your body!”
“Oh my god. Why do I even talk to you?”
“Beats me.”
/////
“Who the hell is All for One?”
“Apparently the biggest deal that no one has ever heard of.”
“It’s strange to think that there could be someone like that just under all our noses.”
“Strange? Sure. But surprising?”
“…Fair point. People do love their secrets.”
“I hate people.”
“Of course you do.”
“And their secrets.”
“I know, I know.”
“It’s bullshit.”
“Yes, it is. Now go to sleep.”
/////
“He knows who I am.”
“…Most likely.”
“Has he said anything about it?”
“He hasn’t said much of anything, yet. According to the reports of the people watching him,
he’s barely spoken outside of questioning, and that’s been going … slowly, as you already
know.”
“Do you think he’ll tell anyone?”
“Who would he tell? Even if he had anyone to talk to, he’s not much of a conversationalist, at
the moment.”
“I don’t know. What if he manages to contact the League?”

“Questioning him may be a slow process but we’ve already determined that he won’t be
going back to the League. I’m not entirely sure yet who’s side he’s on, but it’s not theirs. He’s
fully convinced that the next time he crosses paths with the League, he’ll wind up dead.”
“What about the press, then?”
“Why would he tell the press?”
“If his goal is to destroy All Might, that’d do it.”
“Yagi, I understand your concern, but … I honestly don’t think this kid is out to destroy
anything.”

Izuku spends a lot of time in bed.
The bedroom doesn’t have a door, and there are three cameras throughout the room that leave
no blind spots in their coverage, but Izuku doesn’t mind that. He lies on top of the blankets
and stares at the wall, trying to pinpoint exactly what shade of off-white it is – he has a quirk
that could do that, if not for the cuffs. He tries not to think about anything except shades of
color names.
Cream, eggshell, ivory, vanilla, bone –
No, not bone.
That’s too close to things he doesn’t want to think about.
He lies there, and when the emotions that rampage through him get too big to ignore, he curls
up into a ball and makes himself small. Tries to scrunch up everything that he is and
everything that he is feeling. Tells himself that he is small, and the universe is big, and
nothing really matters, not even the horrible terrible awful things he has done.
No matter how tightly he curls up, though, it doesn’t seem to help.
Izuku feels like the space between the stars. Cold. Dark. Empty. Ever-expanding.
Lonely.
He is alone, despite the cameras and the heroes who look in on him in ten-minute increments.
Despite Tsukauchi, who speaks with him every few hours to gather whatever new details
Izuku is able to force out of lips that are numb from biting back screams.
He has never been alone, before.

When he was very little, he was surrounded by people, loved and adored the way all lucky
children are. When he took on the false title of Quirkless and the world turned against him,
his mother stayed by his side, and loved him even more fiercely, defiantly. When he lost his
mother, his family grew paradoxically larger.
Now, Izuku is grieving a death he has no right to mourn, wishing his father could still be
alive when Izuku was the one to kill him. And he is grieving alone, because everyone around
him is grateful for All for One’s death, and the only people who might share Izuku’s grief
would sooner kill him than comfort him.
He has lost everyone, and he has no one to blame but himself.
Wherever Tomura is, however he is grieving, Izuku hopes he is not alone.
Izuku curls up in a tight, tight ball, and he hopes.
Cream, eggshell, ivory, vanilla…

“He slit his father’s throat.”
“Jesus Christ. Please tell me you’re joking.”
“Nope.”
“That’s gruesome.”
“Yep.”
“How’d he even manage it?”
“He put him to sleep first, apparently. Hummed him a lullaby.”
“That’s…”
“A different kind of gruesome? Tell me about it.”
“No wonder the kid is fucked up.”
“You said it.”
/////
“He has incredible potential.”
“Those words, from your mouth, strike fear into the very depths of my being.”

“Don’t be ridiculous! I’m just stating facts.”
“You’re never just stating facts. You’re planning something.”
“Nothing nefarious, I assure you.”
“I’m not assured.”
“Now you’re just being paranoid.”
“It’s not paranoia if they’re really out to get you. And history shows that you are.”
“Well… Not you.”
/////
“Can we get a fast track on the tests for that hand we retrieved from the USJ attack?”
“Sure thing. Did Midoriya finally tell you something useful?”
“He’s talking. It’s a work in progress, but he’s talking. We couldn’t find any records of
‘Shigaraki Tomura’ because he doesn’t actually exist.”
“Wow, shocker.”
“I don’t need your sarcasm.”
“I thought I’d be generous and share anyway. What’s the hand got to do with it all?”
“I was getting to that, before you interrupted. Apparently, it belonged to so-called Shigaraki
Tomura’s biological father. We should be able to use it to find his legal identity. He was
picked up by All for One when he was five years old, so there probably won’t be that many
records of him as a kid, but anything is better than nothing.”
“That it is. I’ll get it done. Give me, eh, five days or so?”
“Make it three.”
“Bossy, bossy.”
/////
“Has Tsukauchi told you anything new?”
“If he had, I would have told you.”
“I’m worried about the little listener, all alone in whatever safehouse they stuck him in.”
“He’s not alone. He’s under constant guard.”

“Okay, maybe not alone, then. Still probably lonely. That’s almost worse, don’t you think?
Lonely but not alone.”
“Hmm.”
“I’m just worried, that’s all.”
“…Me, too.”
“Do you think Tsukauchi would let me visit him?”
“Probably. He’s being less of a dick than he was. I think the kid has grown on him, the last
couple of days.”
“Maybe I’ll do that, then.”
“Couldn’t hurt. When are you thinking about going?”
“Tomorrow, probably. After classes.”
“The committee is supposed to be meeting, then.”
“I know. That’s why I chose it.”
“You don’t want me to come?”
“Sho, hmm, how to put this gently? You’re intimidating.”
“…”
“And not the best with people.”
“…”
“And you and the kiddo have some history.”
“Okay, you can stop, I get it.”
“Sorry, Kitten.”
“You’re not wrong. You’ll tell me how it goes?”
“Of course.”
/////
“What if he betrays us?”
“What if he doesn’t?”
“It just seems like a lot to gamble on a what if.”

“You’d rather gamble with a kid’s life?”
“I… rather is a strong word.”
“But if given the choice, that’s the one you’d make. Condemn him, even though he might be
good, rather than risk him being evil.”
“No. I don’t know. That’s the problem – I just don’t know.”
“You’re going to have to figure it out. Pretty soon, decisions are going to start being made.
Big decisions, with that kid’s whole life on the line. A lot of people have no idea what to do
with him, and what you choose is going to mean a lot to them. We’ve got nearly twenty
people on this committee, but at the end of the day, it really just comes down to you. You
realize that, right?”
“No pressure.”
“Pressure. Definitely pressure.”
“I’m just trying to figure out how to best do my duty as a hero.”
“Consider this: that kid did something terrible.”
“He killed his father.”
“Yeah.”
“Aren’t you supposed to be on his side?”
“I am. He did something terrible because he thought he had to. He needed a hero, but nobody
came, so he did it himself, to save everyone. He’s not to blame for that. We are. Maybe it’s
time for us to do our goddamned jobs and save him.”
“…How are we meant to trust him?”
“The same way we trust anyone. Give him a chance. Then see what he does with it.”

Tomura does not know betrayal.
What happened to him when he was young – that wasn’t a betrayal. There was never any
trust there to begin with, nothing to be broken. He was lost, and he was angry, but he was
never betrayed.
Since then, Sensei has always been on Tomura’s side, helping him grow stronger, acting in
his best interest, always. As has Kurogiri, if in a more annoying manner. And Izuku –

Tomura is acquainted with betrayal only through videogames. It is a popular theme, he has
noticed. Maybe it’s the type of thing that a lot of people – people less lucky than Tomura has
been – can relate to. Or maybe it’s just for the sucker punch value of a good plot twist.
Regardless, Tomura has seen a lot of betrayal through a screen, has participated in it from the
other side of a controller. But he has never particularly cared about it. Tomura liked games
for the gameplay, and he would usually just skip cutscenes and the like, except Izuku –
Izuku hates stuff like that. He always cringes and yells and cries when characters turn against
each other, like every pixelized representation of broken trust hits him straight in the
heartstrings. Izuku just doesn’t have the stomach for it. For that cutthroat brutality that is such
an essential part of so many people. He can’t handle it the same way he can’t handle
violence.
He can’t handle things like – things like slit throats and bloody clothes and broken trust.
Enemies and theft and wrath are not in the same realm as Izuku. They are not supposed to be.
Izuku is supposed to be separate from all of that. He is supposed to be brighter, better. Izuku,
Tomura’s soft little brother.
Tomura does not know betrayal.
But he is learning.

Chapter End Notes

If, in the dialog scenes, you don’t know who is speaking, you’re probably not meant to.
Seriously, don’t worry too much about who is saying what. For the most part, think of
their identities more as cameos.
Tomura, finally acknowledging that Izuku killed AFO: We've been tricked, we've been
backstabbed, and we've been quite possibly bamboozled
Tsukauchi: What’s up with this hand we found in the USJ?
Izuku: Oh, that’s Tomura’s father.
Tsukauchi: …It’s a hand.
Izuku: Yeah. Tomura killed him in an accident when his quirk first manifested.
Tsukauchi: Okay, that’s it. I have officially met my weekly quota for patricide. No more.
Yamada: How to put this gently?
Yamada: You’re scary, your people skills suck, and the kid is afraid of you.
Aizawa: …That was meant to be gentle?
Next chapter: Voice - Part I
Update: Jan 7

Chapter 13: Voice - Part I
Chapter Notes

CW - Izuku. He's own warning at this point. Sad.
When I said IGG was going to be 17 chapters, I certainly did not anticipate that it would
take me 12 chapters to write 5 chapters. Welcome to chapter 13, aka the start of chapter
6. There is nothing confusing about this.
But hey, more chapters means more memes! Courtesy of the Discord as always. Join us,
become train! I’d say we don’t bite, but that would be a little too ironic, given my
username
Cloud: X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
Gothmoth: X X
Mantis: (CW for some blood) X
Mischief: X
Racoon: X X (not pictured: dead Yagi) X
(more memes in the end notes because they won't all fit, damn you character limits)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Izuku spends his third day in the safehouse curled up in the corner of the couch, staring at
mindless cartoons on the television, eyes too blank and unfocused to truly say he is watching.
Left to his own devices, he would have preferred to stay in bed, continuing with his quest to
pinpoint the exact shade of white of the walls, but the hero who brought him breakfast in the
morning had gently ushered him out of bed and insisted he stay in the living room. It is
probably easier for them to keep an eye on him, this way.
Sometimes, the same hero attempts to speak to him, but Izuku digs his nails into the
upholstery and doesn’t reply. The poor woman looks so uncomfortable. Izuku remembers her
debut, around three years ago. She’s done well for herself, since, and there’s a part of him –
the part that is somehow the same even though it feels like everything about him should be
changed – that wants to ask her about her quirk.
He’s never really been able to talk to someone about their own quirk, before. All for One was
always eager to talk quirks, but only ever to analyze the ones they had stolen or would like to
steal. Kurogiri was a nomu, and the interactions between his quirks were fascinating to think
about, but it was still different than talking to someone who had grown up with a quirk that
was made for them, a part of them. And Tomura didn’t like talking about his quirk much,
especially if Izuku started to hint that his situation was anything like Kurogiri’s – which
Izuku always did, because he didn’t know how to leave the topic alone. Talking about quirks
always ended with Tomura aggravated. The only person Izuku had ever been able to talk

about quirks with the way he wanted to was his mother, and he had only been ten years old
when he lost her, still far too young to know all the right questions to ask.
Izuku stares at the TV so long and hard that his vision starts to go grey around the edges. He
blinks hard and tries to ignore the fact that his entire family is now in past tense.
He doesn’t think this hero would appreciate his questions, even if Izuku could un-cement his
jaw to ask them. Imagine, the quirk stealing boy bombarding you with questions on how
yours works and what you can do with it. Even with his quirk suppressed, that would be
disconcerting. She already looks concerned enough, just sitting near him, without him
actively making it worse. He wonders how it was determined who would be watching him;
he wonders if the heroes assigned to his safehouse are being punished for something.
At almost exactly noon, Tsukauchi arrives. He knocks a distinct sequence that echoes through
the small room, and the hero standing near the door – an older pro who debuted just after
Izuku started primary school – begins undoing the multitude of locks with a haste that speaks
of relief.
“Hello Midoriya,” Tsukauchi says as he enters. “How are you feeling today? It’s good to see
you up and about.” Izuku shrugs as Tsukauchi takes the quickly-vacated seat across from him
on the couch. Neither of the heroes in the room leave, but they both press close to the walls
and avert their eyes, the closest thing to privacy Izuku can be given.
“There’s only a few more things I want to ask you, for now. Do you think you can answer?”
“Yes,” Izuku says, aloud, because Tsukauchi will only proceed if he answers verbally. His
voice barely cracks.
“You’ve already told me a lot about your father and the League. Thank you for that – I know
it hasn’t been easy. So far, I’ve been trying to get as many facts as possible about the USJ
incident and All for One’s activity in the last five years. We’ve talked about whos and whats
and whens, but now I’m going to ask a couple of whys, alright? Please just answer as
completely and honestly as you can.”
Izuku picks at some dirt that has found its way under his thumbnail. “Okay.”
“You knew your father was evil, and you didn’t approve of the things he did. So why did you
stay with him?”
“He wasn’t e-evil,” Izuku denies immediately. “Evil is just a w-word people use so they don’t
have to try to un-understand each other.”
It is a pointless correction to make. To all but a handful of people, Izuku’s father will never
be anyone more than All for One – only ever an evil man who did evil things, with not even
the faintest shades of grey around the black abyss where his soul was meant to be. It hurt for
Izuku to admit that Shigaraki Hisashi was All for One, a duality of a man, and it hurts even
more to know that, for most of the world, All for One is the only part of the man that matters.

“Alright,” Tsukauchi ascents, though his eyes clearly say he doesn’t agree. “You knew he was
a villain, then.”
“I did. But he w-wasn’t my v-villain. He was my f-f-father.”
“You said he hurt you.”
“He did,” Izuku whispers, a soft confession that hurts just as much this time as it did the first
time he admitted it aloud. “But he also l-loved me. He did.”
“So you stayed because he loved you?”
“B-because I l-loved him. Bec-cause I l-loved them a-all.”
“Can you clarify who you mean by ‘all?’”
“My f-father. Kurogiri. T-Tom-mura. They – They’re my f-family.”
Were, Izuku corrects to himself, sternly. Izuku’s life is in past tense, now. The sooner that
sticks in his head, the sooner this painful cycle of forgetting-remembering-forgettingremembering will stop.
“Family can be a powerful motivator,” Tsukauchi says, half-sympathetic and half-appeasing
as Izuku’s words grow shakier. He pauses for a moment as Izuku takes a handful of
shuddering breaths. “Only one more question. This is the hardest one, it’s okay if you can’t
answer. Are you ready?”
“Yes.”
“Midori – Izuku. Why did you kill your father?”
Izuku turns his eyes back to the bright colors and graphic lines flashing across the television
screen as his chest seizes. For a long moment, he traces the shapes in his mind as he tries to
properly put into words actions that he has barely been able to justify to himself. There are
too many things, too many reasons, all tangled together into a sum that is greater than the
parts.
“Have you ever heard of the trolley problem?” Izuku asks. His voice sounds like static in his
ears.
“Of course.”
“Do you ever wonder why they don’t just stop the train? In real life, that’s what they’d do.
They’d just stop the train.”
“Alright,” Tsukauchi responds, hesitant and gentle, afraid to push too hard. “What does this–”
Izuku’s head thumps against the back of the couch. “My father was the train.”
“Oh.”

“I was so tired of picking lives,” Izuku admits softly, barely audible against the upbeat theme
of the cartoon’s end credits. “People kept getting st-stuck on the – on the train tracks, and I –
Why keep p-pulling l-lev-levers when you c-can j-just–” His voice cracks, words shriveling
up as his throat closes around them. Tears wells in his eyes abruptly, the sting of them more
potent than ever, as if the last few days of doing his best to repress them has somehow made
them saltier. The faint texture of the ceiling is lost to a wet blur as his eyes spill over.
“When you can just stop the train,” Tsukauchi finishes. “I’m sorry you had to do that.”
Tsukauchi places a hand on Izuku’s shoulder just as the first sob tears itself free, and Izuku
can’t help the way his whole body trembles at the contact, torn between pulling away and
leaning into the touch. In the end, he does neither, stiff as stone as Tsukauchi glides his thumb
in small lines against the fabric of Izuku’s T-shirt.
“This won’t last forever,” Tsukauchi says quietly as Izuku cries. “You’ve been through a lot
all at once, but you’re still here, and you’re not going to feel like this forever. It might seem
impossible, and it might not be easy or quick, but someday you’re going to be okay again,
Izuku. I promise, you’re going to be okay.”
If Izuku could make his breath cooperate well enough to form words, he would have
questions. Questions like how? and when? and why bother?
But Izuku can’t speak, only sob, so he just sits, rigid beneath a touch he doesn’t know how to
accept and isn’t sure he wants, with all his doubts confined to his head.

Bureaucracy is probably somewhere near the top of the list when it comes to things Shouta
hates. He hates meetings and paperwork and having to listen to people talk around issues as
they try to further their own agendas. Normally, Shouta would not be caught dead
volunteering to be part any committee, not to mention one that is likely to be particularly full
of bullshit. Yet here he is, of his own free will, slouched in a chair at a conference room table,
nobly resisting the urge to slump to the ground and take a nap. If asked, he’d claim that he
left his sleeping bag in his classroom for the sake of professionalism, but Shouta is
unashamed to admit, at least to himself, that he left it behind mostly to remove the temptation
it presents.
But, as he eyes one of the representatives sent by the Hero Public Safety Commission on the
other side of the table, he can’t bring himself to regret being here. This particular
representative coolly raises her eyebrows as she flips through the information packet
Tsukauchi has prepared, expression a study of unimpressed inscrutability.
Shouta ignores his own packet for the moment, familiar enough with the situation from
hounding Tsukauchi the last few days, in favor of assessing the gathered group. His eyes ache
– uncovered for the occasion, much to Recovery Girl’s chagrin – though the room is kept

relatively dim, with only half the overhead lights switched on, specifically to accommodate
Shouta’s stubborn insistence that he be able to see what is going on during this meeting.
There are sixteen of them, counting Shouta, sitting in thick silence, broken only by the
shuffle of papers and squeak of chairs as they shift around. Tsukauchi and two other officers
on the case sit at the head of the square formation of tables, flanked by Nedzu and All Might.
Shouta himself has taken a seat near the door, next to Thirteen, who offered him a
commiserating smile as they stiffly took their seat. Endeavor, flames extinguished, sits beside
the HPSC representatives – there’s three of them in total, counting the woman whose
eyebrows have not shifted from their elevated position since she began reading. There are
five other heroes in the room, a couple of whom Shouta doesn’t recognize. Two of them, he
knows, were part of the rotations supervising Izuku, and he hopes that’s a good sign, since
anyone who actually spent time around the kid could see he’s worth giving a chance.
It’s not the worst group Shouta has ever seen, but he still doesn’t trust a single person in it to
not have some ulterior motive. That’s why he’s here, when he would much rather be at home,
listening to trash television with a cat in his lap, halfway asleep. That’s why he’s here, sitting
in an uncomfortable chair with a budding migraine, against doctor’s orders, when he could be
with Hizashi, checking in on the cause of all this drama.
After long minutes, thick and stifled, Tsukauchi clears his throat and stands, instantly
drawing the attention of fifteen pairs of eyes.
“Thank you all for making the time to be here, today,” he says, briefly making eye contact
with each of them. “Midoriya Izuku, affiliated with the League of Villains, has turned himself
in and shared with us what he knows. His circumstances are… unusual and we need to decide
how to handle the situation from here.”
“I don’t see what’s so unusual about it,” Endeavor says, arms crossed over his broad chest.
“He’s hardly the first villain to turn himself in.” One of the HPSC representatives nods
slightly.
“Whether Midoriya can be classified as a villain is part of what this committee has been
gathered to discuss,” Tsukauchi responds, admirably concealing the bias Shouta knows he
has after spending the last two days questioning the kid. “If we do decide he needs to be
convicted, there’s still the matter of his charges.”
“He has stolen–” Endeavor flips through the pages of his packet “–103 quirks.”
“Under duress,” Thirteen interjects softly, flooding Shouta with relief. Thirteen has always
been a remarkably kind-hearted individual, but Shouta isn’t particularly close to them, and he
was unsure where they would stand on the issue, especially given the injuries they sustained
at the USJ.
“Duress or not, that’s 103 weapons he could use against us, and 103 people who are most
likely dead, now.”
“Midoriya didn’t kill any of those people, though.”

“But he allowed his father to,” a HPSC representative says – it’s the one with the eyebrows
again, and this time she raises them patronizingly. “He’s an accomplice, at best. And he has
killed three people himself.”
“You can’t be counting those against him,” someone across the room protests.
“Murder is a crime. One this boy has committed three times.”
“He was ten years old the first time. He accidentally took a quirk, with no idea that doing so
would result in the death of its holder,” Shouta says, voice flat, but sharp enough to cut off
the low drone of overlapping voices that was beginning to rise. “The second time he was
physically forced to do so again. And the third time he eliminated a villain, the man who is
responsible for those 103 deaths you were talking about.”
A brief moment of silence follows Shouta’s words, broken by a brave soul piping up,
“Murder charges are maybe a bit severe, but there’s still the USJ to consider. He participated
in that, willingly. It says here that he’s the one who provide the intel for dealing with
Eraserhead and Thirteen?”
“He did,” Tsukauchi confirms.
“It also says he saved several lives that day.”
“Saved several lives from an attack that he orchestrated.”
“He didn’t orchestrate anything! The plan was made by All for One and Shigaraki Tomura.
All Midoriya did was hand over some analysis on Eraserhead and Thirteen.”
“Analysis that almost got the both of them killed.”
“Yet they’re both here speaking in his favor. That says something, doesn’t it?”
“Sure, that they’re fools, maybe.”
“And speaking of the League! You said Midoriya shared his information with us, but there’s
hardly anything about the League in these pages.”
“You’re right. He must have been leaving things out.”
“Just goes to show that he’s still working with them.”
“Can’t you read? He’s definitely not working with them – but that doesn’t mean he’s not
working for someone.”
“Everyone!” Tsukauchi shouts over the swell of voices. “It’s true that Midoriya elected not to
answer some questions – namely those pertaining directly to the location and weaknesses of
Shigaraki Tomura and Kurogiri. He withheld this because his primary goal is to keep
Shigaraki Tomura safe – even to save him, potentially – which is not something he currently
trusts us to do. This is all explained in the packets.”

The outcry that Tsukauchi briefly quieted immediately bursts out again, more than half the
room talking all at once.
“Why should we be saving Shigaraki Tomura?”
“If his goal is to protect Shigaraki than there’s no way we can trust him!”
“He’s made his loyalties obvious!”
“Are you really going to fault a kid for caring about his brother?”
“If his brother is a homicidal maniac? Fuck yes, I am!”
“EVERYONE!” Tsukauchi shouts again, pushing back his chair as he does. The voices die to
murmurs, but don’t fall completely silent, several rebellious individuals still whispering
derision under their breath. “If we could please focus on the topic at hand!”
“I don’t see what the issue is,” Endeavor says. “Throw him in Tartarus and be done with it.
It’s ridiculous that we’re wasting this much time and energy on some villain child.”
“You want to throw a child in Tartarus?” Shouta asks, disgust warring with disbelief.
“With so many quirks, it’s likely the only place that can contain him.”
“Why does he even need to be contained?”
“Well, I certainly don’t want him taking my quirk! Do you?”
“He already has!” Shouta barks, frustration leaking into his tone. “He took it, used it to do
our job for us, and then willingly submitted himself to all this bullshit we’re putting him
through just to give it back!”
“Tartarus is certainly too extreme,” Yagi finally speaks up, raising a hand in a quelling
gesture that immediately draws the attention of the room. Shouta would be glad that the man
is showing an ounce of reason, but his tone – hesitant and indecisive, like he is asking a
question – just wracks Shouta’s irritation up higher.
“The Commission could always take him,” one of the representatives says, with a plastic
smile. “We have the resources to monitor him, but could offer him rehabilitation, if he shows
good will.”
Too many faces around the room look considering, as close to satisfied at they have been yet.
They are tempted, by this idea of making the kid someone else’s problem. Just leave him in
someone else’s hands – tell yourself they’re capable and sweep him under the rug, no
responsibilities and no guilt to weigh you down. Shouta grips the edge of the table hard,
catching Yagi’s eye across the room, hoping to god that anything Shouta said the day before
sunk into that man’s thick skull. Yagi’s lips purse, brows pulling even lower over his eyes.
“That seems extreme, as well,” he says, voice significantly more confident. “The boy is still
so young. He deserves a chance, don’t you think? A real one, with better influences in his

life.”
“The Commission can give him that.”
“No,” Yagi corrects with a frown. “You’re proposing to give him a chance if he is good. I am
proposing we give him a chance to be good.”
“He could be,” Shouta says. “If we give him a chance, he could be amazing.”
Anyone who knows Shouta knows that his saying this means something. Shouta’s whole job
is appraising potential, and he’s good at his job. Shouta knows potential when he sees it, and
he never bothers with pretending that it’s there when it’s not.
But the vast majority of people in this room don’t know Shouta. They don’t know that he
expelled twenty hero hopefuls just last year, to massive backlash, because he knew they
didn’t have what it took. To these people, Shouta’s words are just words, and they’re easily
brushed aside.
“Those are pretty sentiments,” the representative says, exuding cloying benevolence that
makes Shouta grit his teeth. There are few things that aggravate him more than being accused
of being sentimental. “But how does that look in practice? Chances and coulds are all well
and good in theory. But in reality, we have a dangerous and volatile child, and you are
suggesting – what? That we simply let him go? Hope that doesn’t come back to bite us down
the line when he does turn out to be a villain?”
“No one said to set him lose without supervision. We could find a happy medium somewhere
between completely unsupervised and imprisoned.”
“I’m hearing a lot of talk of compromise, but no actual solutions. Who will watch him, if not
the Commission?”
“Actually,” Nedzu chimes up from his place near the head of the table.
Shouta, who has been waiting for the rat’s voice to cut through the chaos this entire meeting,
tenses instantly. Mixed relief and dread accompany Nedzu’s interjection, because Shouta is
certain that Nedzu won’t want to see Izuku in jail, but he’s equally certain that Nedzu will
want something, because the vermin rarely does anything that doesn’t further his own goals.
As Nedzu climbs from his seat to the top of the table, the HPSC representative’s smile
twitches slightly, a gratifying break in her composure.
Nedzu tips his chin up, beady eyes sparkling, folds his paws behind his back, and announces,
“I think you’ll find that I have the solution you’ve been looking for!”

When the knocks come again, this time in early evening, Izuku is back in bed. He returned to
the comfort of blankets and blank walls shortly after Tsukauchi left, the hero who originally

insisted he stay in the living room making no attempt to stop him as he stumbled past her,
still scrubbing tears from his eyes.
Izuku rolls into a seated position, pulling the blanket with him so it is wrapped around his
shoulders and tucked underneath his toes. He wiggles back into the corner and wonders what
Tsukauchi will ask this time. Whatever the questions are, Izuku will answer. He will answer,
and Tsukauchi will not have to stop because Izuku starts to cry, and Tsukauchi definitely
won’t have to stop to comfort him.
Izuku will hold himself together. He can do that.
He already feels like he is falling apart.
Locks click in the living room, and Izuku counts each one as he presses his forehead against
his knees. Low voices have a quiet exchange, muffled by the thick blanket around Izuku’s
ears, as Tsukauchi greets the heroes stationed to watch Izuku. No doubt, they are telling
Tsukauchi that Izuku is in the bedroom, as if there is anywhere else he could be, other than
here or out there on the couch. Tsukauchi will thank them for the obvious information and
then he will come into the room, sit in the chair at the desk, and ask Izuku how he is feeling.
Izuku will chose to shrug in place of telling a lie. Tsukauchi will force a smile as if he is
fooled by it. Over the last few days, this has already become their routine.
This is not what happens.
Around the time Tsukauchi should be pulling the chair away from the desk, there is a soft rap
on the wall. The bedroom doesn’t have a door, and it’s not as if Izuku is a guest here, so there
is no reason to knock before entering, but the sound of knuckles against wood is
unmistakable. Izuku lifts his head, looks to the sound, and blinks.
“Present Mic?” he asks, voice rising into an incredulous squeak at the end.
“That was fast!” the hero in the doorway responds with a wide smile. “It usually takes a
moment for people to recognize me without the hair.” To illustrate, he sweeps a hand above
his head in an exaggerated motion that follows the curve of his signature style. “Mind if I
sit?” Izuku clutches at the edges of his blanket and nods numbly.
Present Mic – in soft-looking civilian clothes, with his hair pulled into a messy bun – enters
the room with a lazy stride. He looks over the room, eyes landing briefly on Tsukauchi’s
chair, but he opts instead to sit on the edge of the bed, his weight shifting the mattress
beneath Izuku. Izuku pulls his knees in tighter, minimizing the space he takes up. A small
part of him is irrationally afraid that his legs, left to their own devices, will stretch across the
gap between them and infringe on Present Mic’s space. Or maybe it’s less a fear and more a
temptation. Either way, Izuku locks his arms in a loop around his legs, hands clasped together
in front of his ankles to keep himself contained.
“Why are you here?” Izuku asks without thinking, nearly biting his tongue half-way through
the question when he realizes how rude he is being. Izuku has only been in the safehouse for
three days, but the entire time, no one has come to see him but Tsukauchi and a couple of
other officers who had questions for him.

“Huh? I’m just visiting!”
Izuku frowns. The hero couldn’t be here without a reason. Izuku highly doubts he would be
allowed visitors, even if there was someone who would want to see him just for the sake of
seeing him. Present Mic is a hero, and he had been present for at least part of Izuku’s initial
questioning, so it’s not beyond the realm of belief that he would be allowed to see Izuku now,
but there has to be some kind of motivation behind it. It can’t have anything to do with his
quirk – Izuku is familiar enough with it to be sure it isn’t relevant to the situation. Is Present
Mic supposed to be questioning him? Maybe he’s good at extracting information, but Izuku
has already cooperated as well as he can with Tsukauchi, and he thought they had covered
most of the important information already. Maybe Izuku is being transported, then. Maybe
Tsukauchi has gotten all the information he needs, and Present Mic is here as backup in case
Izuku tries anything on the way to wherever they are going next. Though that doesn’t explain
why he has approached Izuku like this, sitting on the bed with smile that becomes sheepish as
he sees Izuku’s frown.
Present Mic rubs his chin. “You were in a rough state the last time I saw you, little listener. I
just wanted to check in. Thought maybe you’d enjoy some company.”
The uncertainty-driven anxiety that had been building in Izuku’s chest deflates. That’s it,
then. Present Mic is here because he is a hero. More specifically – because he is a hero who
thinks Izuku is a victim. It’s an error of judgment on his part, though Izuku can see where it
comes from, given the nature of their last few interactions. In his initial, panicked assessment,
Izuku had overlooked the inexplicable burden of responsibility that empathy sometimes
places on people.
“I’m fine,” Izuku says to his knees. Unlike Tsukauchi, Present Mic’s quirk won’t tell him that
Izuku is lying, but he fears it’s obvious anyway – obvious in his red-rimmed eyes, in the soft
rasp of his voice, in the way he wraps a blanket around his shoulders as if it is the only thing
keeping him together. His fears are warranted, if the soft upward tilt of Present Mic’s brow is
anything to go by. Izuku buries the lower half of his face into the blanket and hopes they can
get this over with quickly.
“Still!” Present Mic says, tone as upbeat as ever despite the sympathetic sadness in his eyes.
“Never hurts to check in. Really, it’s as much for me as it is for you, you know. Shouta hasn’t
stopped talking about you since you showed up!”
Shouta, as in Aizawa Shouta, Eraserhead. Right – he and Present Mic had been classmates.
Izuku had watched them fight, in their first-year sports festival. They were in the same year,
and possibly even the same class, if Aizawa had been transferred into 1-A. And now they
both taught at UA, so it makes sense that they know each other well. Some of the tension that
had dispersed when Izuku realized why the hero was here resurges now, wrapping around his
lungs like bands that are a size too small.
“He’s brought you up about four times in the past two days,” Present Mic continues as Izuku
once again asks himself why the hero is bothering to visit him. “Which might not sound like a
lot, but it is for Sho! He’s really taken an interest in you!”

Izuku can’t blame him. If Izuku had his quirk stolen, he would probably like to know what
was going on with the thief, too. But he certainly wouldn’t want his – friend? – coworker
visiting said thief and trying to make casual conversation. Which once again raises the
question – why is Present Mic here? If he is on a first base with Aizawa Shouta, he should
know well enough that Izuku doesn’t deserve whatever comforting company he seems to be
trying to offer.
“I won’t bother him again,” Izuku says.
Present Mic offers another smile, this one lopsided and confused. “Bother who?”
“Eraserhead.”
“Oh kiddo.” Mic scoots along the bed, not far, just an inch closer, but closer all the same.
Izuku, already tucked into the corner, has nowhere to retreat to, but he pushes back against
the wall nonetheless, until the peaks of his spine ache even with the cushion of the blanket.
There is still over three feet of space between them, simultaneously an uncrossable chasm
and paper thin. “You never bothered him to begin with.”
“I took his quirk.”
“You gave it back!”
The declaration is so cheery and matter of fact, as if returning something stolen is as good as
never having stolen it. He already knows well enough that having something returned doesn’t
erase the fear and pain and anger of having that thing taken to begin with. Izuku’s mouth
twists and he digs his teeth into his lip before something harsh and hateful can spill out. He
pulls the blanket tighter around him, until it is less like being cocooned and more like being
constricted. Present Mic’s eyes do that soft-sad-pity thing again, and it makes Izuku’s own
eyes burn.
Izuku does not deserve pity. His suffering is self-inflicted. Any pain he feels, he brought upon
himself, and why should he be exempt from it? Why should he get a reprieve after all the
pain he has caused? Izuku is sure Eraserhead had suffered. Eraserhead had suffered at the
USJ, in the grips of the nomu, which Izuku could have called off at any time and chose not
to. He suffered in the hospital, with no idea if he would ever be able to use his quirk again.
Present Mic is a good man, Izuku realizes, but a naïve one. Good, to want to spare people
pain; naïve, to not realize that some people deserve it.
“He doesn’t blame you for what happened,” Present Mic says, solemn in a way he never is on
the radio.
He should; I did it, Izuku wants to shout. But his jaw is glued shut, muscles tense and aching,
and the words catch between his teeth like bits of shrapnel.
“He’s got nothing but good things to say about you, actually. And Shouta’s a great judge of
character.” Izuku shakes his head, back and forth so fast that he would have swayed side to
side if he hadn’t been braced against the wall. “He’s on your side. We both are.”

Izuku gasps. He buries his head against his knees again, and the blanket there is immediately
too hot, too damp, too close, making it even harder to pull air into lungs that feel like they’re
shrinking.
Izuku doesn’t have a side. Maybe he did, once, but then he killed one of the only people on it
and lost all the others in the process. Which means that if Izuku still has a side at all – if it
hasn’t been cut from ear to ear and left to bleed out – it’s the wrong one to be on. Izuku is a
dirty teamkiller and players like that get kicked – that’s what Tomura would say, probably is
saying, and Kurogiri won’t really understand what he means, because Kurogiri has never
cared about videogames, but he’ll still agree because the word “teamkiller” really explains
itself, doesn’t it?
“Breathe,” Present Mic says, cutting through Izuku’s thoughts. The mantra and voice are both
too familiar at this point, and Izuku obeys like it’s a Pavlovian response. Breathe and let
someone calm him down, because Izuku is no longer capable of acting human for even an
hour without crumbling into pieces like words on the shredded pages of an unfinished story.
“Can I give you a hug?” Present Mic asks. He makes no move to cross the distance between
them, waiting for Izuku’s response, and his tone is soft and non-threatening, but Izuku
flinches so hard that his head snaps back and cracks against the wall. Present Mic makes a
small, distressed noise in response, his hands fluttering around, but not reaching forward.
“It’s okay, I won’t touch you if you don’t want. But if you do, the offer’s open.”
Izuku shakes his head, ardently enough that he nearly knocks it back into the wall, and that’s
that. Present Mic calms him down, talking Izuku away from the newest ledge his constantlyencroaching panic has pushed him to, but makes no further attempts to touch him, and the
three feet between them gapes wider than ever. When Izuku has calmed back into a
semblance of humanity, Present Mic makes further attempts at conversation, casual and
lighthearted, but Izuku has curled into himself, refusing to so much as make eye contact. He
doesn’t want to see any more of those soft looks. He doesn’t want to see those hands
hovering around, fingers splayed in unspoken offer. Izuku can’t take it. It burns to even think
about.
For nearly an hour, though, Present Mic still doesn’t leave. He carries a gentle and cheerful
conversation all by himself, even when Izuku goes half-catatonic with the numb lethargy that
always follows a near-brush with hysteria. Present Mic leaves with a soft promise to return,
but even if the hero means what he says, Izuku doubts he will be here much longer.
Finally left alone again, Izuku rubs his cheek against the blanket until the fibers scratch at the
tear-tender skin beneath his eyes. Alone, he wraps his arms around himself and squeezes until
his ribs creek. He imagines his arms as someone else’s, and his skin feels shivery-crawly, so
he squeezes tighter, until the joints of his shoulders protest.
He tries to remember the last time he was hugged.
It’s not as if Izuku was starved of affection, but affection came in many forms and hugs didn’t
really feature much in Izuku’s life after his mother was taken from him. Kurogiri didn’t like
touching at all. Kurogiri was the type who provides, a silent, reliable presence. He leaves –
left – small things in Izuku’s room, just because he knew Izuku would like them. Tomura

doesn’t didn’t like touching either – he was always so careful about his hands. He would
touch Izuku though, because Izuku was special. But their affections were always the rough
kind, shoving and wrestling, with bruises and breathless laughter.
And his father. His father generally preferred simple, brief contact. Ruffled hair and shoulder
squeezes. Most of the time, he was stoic and reserved. He really only hugged Izuku when
Izuku was distress. He would hug Izuku, now. Even after everything Izuku has done, if his
father were here, he would hug him.
God, Izuku wants it.
But Izuku isn’t like Present Mic. He’s neither good nor naïve.
He knows what he deserves.

Chapter End Notes

I'd apologize for all the angsty chapter endings, but they're sad, man. Rest assured, I
have so many fluffy snippets already written, and we're getting close to the time where I
can start sprinkling them in
Izuku: I’m a villain
Yamada: Oh yeah? Name one crime.
Izuku: Uh,,, murder?
Yamada: Yeah, that’s on me. I set the bar too low.
Tsukauchi: Why did you kill your father
Izuku: I had to, he was a train
Tsukauchi: That tracks
Discord: please have mic hug Izuku
Mic: *offers Izuku a hug*
Izuku: *rejects it*
Me: :))
More Memes!
Surya: X X X X X
Next chapter: Voice - Part II
Update: Jan. 14

Chapter 14: Voice - Part II
Chapter Notes

Surprisingly, there is no CW: Izuku this chapter, because Izuku is not in this chapter. But
I’ll give a CW: Bakugou, because I know how y’all feel about him.
Now, for the Discord memes! Harvest was bountiful this week.
Cloud: X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
Cupcake: X
Dev: X X X X X X X X X
Finch: X X X X X X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“So it’s settled!” Nedzu declares from the table top he has made into his stage.
“No,” the Commission representative protests. “Nothing has been settled at all. You’ve just
given us another thing to think about.” She stares, baffled, bereft of her previously
unshakable composure, at the thick sheaf of paper in her hands. Nedzu had given them to
Yagi to pass them out at the beginning of his presentation, a packet of Nedzu’s own that
thoroughly covers every detail of his proposition. The scheming rodent had likely been
preparing the material since the moment Izuku showed up at the school gates three days ago.
“We can take a vote, then. That’s what this committee is for, after all! Tsukauchi, would you
like to do the honors?” Nedzu hops off the table, back into his chair, supposedly ceding the
stage to Tsukauchi, though Shouta has no doubts about who exactly is controlling this
situation. Tsukauchi blinks rapidly, gaining his bearings with a respectably professional smile
that is only slightly strained around the edges.
“Of course,” he says diplomatically. “We’ll take a vote, then. Those in favor?” Shouta raises
a casted arm without hesitation, relieved to see many others, Yagi among them, wisely
following suit.
“All opposed?” A smaller number of hands go up, and Shouta hides a smug smirk in his
scarf, as he pointedly avoids looking at that one particularly detestable Commission
representative. He’d clocked her as a problem from the start, and there’s a petty part of him
that’s incredibly pleased to see her twisted into knots over Nedzu’s plans.
“Abstentions?” To Shouta’s side, Thirteen alone raises a meek hand.
“Alright,” Tsukauchi says, “that’s ten for, four against, and one abstention.”
“What are the margins?” the representative asks, frowning sternly at one of her companions
who had voted in favor.

“It’s in the packet,” Tsukauchi says drily, but then answers, “Two-thirds. The majority has it.”
“This can’t be allowed. UA is a high school, not a rehabilitation program. You don’t have the
resources.”
Her protests are too little too late, Shouta knows. Nedzu is the type who always gets his way,
sooner or later, and if he wants the kid, he’s not going to let an opportunity like this slip
through his graspy little paws.
“We’re a hero school!” Nedzu chirps, with the cheer of someone who is getting exactly what
they want. “There are few places better equipped to simultaneously protect, teach, and – if
needs be – restrain a teenager like Midoriya Izuku. At UA he will be under heavy
supervision, as is appropriate for his safety and the safety of others, but he will also be able to
socialize with others his age.”
“Endanger others his age, I think you mean,” Endeavor corrects gruffly. Endeavor had,
predictably, voted against Nedzu’s plan. Shouta thinks of Todoroki Shouto – who had
apparently found his way to the center of the action during the USJ Incident while Shouta
was unconscious – and grits his teeth.
“I think he’ll find it rather hard to endanger anyone when he’s surrounded by pro heroes,”
Nedzu says. His voice is as cheerful as before, but it takes on the signature sharpness that so
often makes people back down in the face of the rat’s grin. “And if I’m wrong, we can
discuss it at our check-in next week! I outlined the options for reassessment in the packet.
The section starts on page 23.” Endeavor glowers and pointedly does not touch the papers in
front of him.
“Who is going to watch the boy?” one of the quieter commission representatives, the one
who had voted in favor of the plan, asks. He flips back and forth between a few pages in his
packet as he skims the information. “As a ward of UA, he’ll need someone to house him,
feed him, clothe him and so on. It’s well covered financially, and you have some good
protocols in place, but there’s no mention of who is actually going to be handling these
responsibilities.”
“With a staff of capable and qualified heroes at hand, it should be an easy enough position to
fill.”
“Still, it seems best to handle it now. His guardian should be subject to committee approval as
much as the general plan is.”
“A good point,” Tsukauchi agrees. “Speak to your staff, compile a list of willing candidates,
and we can meet again in a few days’ time to discuss our options. Sound good?”
The reaction of the room is mixed. Those who were against Nedzu’s proposition from the
start seem even more aggrieved now, put out by the prospect of having to wrangle in yet
another meeting to arrange a fate they don’t agree with for a child they don’t care about.
Several who had voted in favor look annoyed as well, though less personally slighted then
those who had voted against, and Shouta can’t entirely blame them, given that he’s not
particularly enthusiastic about enduring another meeting so soon, himself. But for Shouta,

impatience overshadows his irritation, a concern he sees mirrored in a handful of others
around the room.
“What will be done with him in the meantime?” someone asks, a hero Shouta doesn’t know
personally, but recognizes from the group that has been monitoring the kid in the safehouse.
“I suppose we can just keep him where he is,” Tsukauchi replies, a thoughtful and slightly
hesitant frown twisting his mouth. The hero who asked grimaces slightly.
“I’m worried about keeping him in that environment. He hasn’t been doing well.” The other
pro who has been watching over the kid – an incredibly short man with greying hair and a
fierce expression that reminded Shouta a touch too much of Recovery Girl – nods in
agreement.
“I’m afraid we don’t have much choice on that front,” Tsukauchi admits, an apology clear in
his tone. “We need to identify possible guardians and fill them in on the situation – it’s not a
decision we can make unilaterally, even if it slows us down. Until then, the safehouse is the
best place for him. Our only other option is a cell somewhere.”
A conflicted silence settles over the room. Or, Shouta amends staring at the tense eyebrows
of possibly the worse Commission representative he’s ever had the displeasure to meet, it’s
conflicted for approximately half the room. To the other half, the silence is irritated,
impatient, and entirely ready to call this meeting over with.
Yagi shifts in his seat, his large frame making the legs of the chair squeak in protest beneath
him. “I…” he clears his throat, “Perhaps I could take the boy in? I am UA faculty, after all…”
Yagi trails off, staring out at the room with an uncertain expression that makes him look far
smaller than he is.
“Who better to watch over a potential threat than the Symbol of Peace himself?” someone
asks. Endeavor scoffs slightly, upper lift twitching slightly as he glares at the table in front of
him. A louder scoff comes from the small man, an unabashedly derisive sound that makes
Yagi flinch slightly.
“The boy’s not qualified to take care of himself,” the elderly hero proclaims, “much less a kid
who’s been through the likes of what Midoriya Izuku has been.”
Yagi shrinks into himself, protesting weakly, “Surely it’s better than leaving him where he is?
At least until a more permanent option can be found.”
Shouta gives Yagi points for offering. Obviously, he has internalized something from one of
Shouta’s many recent lectures, and the man has come a long way in a short time to now be
advocating, however hesitantly, for a boy he wanted to imprison mere days ago.
So yes, it’s good of Yagi to offer. But Shouta has to agree that the offer itself isn’t particularly
good. Thing is, Yagi is a bit like a golden retriever. Well-meaning and enthusiastic, certainly,
but sometimes he wags his tail so hard he knocks things over, and he doesn’t even notice. It’s
difficult to fault such a pure-hearted moron, but Shouta can practically guarantee that Yagi
would just make a bigger mess of the situation, especially given his personal investment.

But leaving the kid in the safehouse sounds just as bad. Shouta has heard second-hand from
Tsukauchi about the depression the Izuku has fallen into, about the way he oscillates between
seeming like a shell of a person and being locked behind the teeth of guilt-grief-loathing.
Even the man who makes All Might himself shrink like a scolded child with gruff words and
a stern scowl seems concerned about the kid’s mental health.
“I can take him.” The words escape Shouta before he has a chance to think about it, and he
only fully processes what they mean when he hears them coming out of his own mouth. It is
impulsive, the exact sort of thing he would deride someone else or, but he hears his own offer
and can only agree with it.
“I’m sorry,” the Commission representative says, smiling widely, “but who exactly are you?”
“This is Aizawa Shouta,” Nedzu answers as Shouta silently catalogs the minute twitch of the
woman’s eyebrows. “Also known as the pro hero Eraserhead, class 1-A’s homeroom
teacher!”
“And why would he be a more qualified guardian than the number one hero?”
“For a start,” Shouta responds dryly, “I already have an actual fostering license. My quirk is
Erasure – which as we already know, isn’t foolproof protection against Midoriya’s quirk, but
it’s the most effective quirk-based counter we have. It’s also effective against both Shigaraki
Tomura and Kurogiri, in the event they do stage another attack against us. I’m underground,
so the kid won’t be subject to any excessive attention, like he would be under All Might’s
care. I’ve been teaching kids with all kinds of powerful, dangerous, and uncontrolled quirks
for over half a decade. And I’m married – which means there won’t be a worry about some
disaster pulling me away and leaving the kid unsupervised. If I’m not available, my partner
will be, and vice versa. Not to mention that he has undergone extensive training for dealing
with trauma victims, far more than the token few lessons that are required of pro heroes.”
Shouta delivers his entire pitch deadpan, but he takes private joy in the way the
representative’s look slowly hardens through the course of it, until she is giving him an
impressively vitriolic glare that he blinks at impassively.
“Well, your husband isn’t here,” she says, voice more controlled than her expression, though
some spite still leaks into the hard emphasis of her words, “so this is irrelevant. He’d need to
be briefed and willing the same as anyone else. This isn’t a decision that can be made
unilaterally, after all.” She flashes him a smile that is more like a challenge. At the front of
the room, Nedzu smiles as well, looking to Shouta for his response. Shouta smirks and
doesn’t bother to hide it. The representative pales slightly, not quite as dramatic as the way
Shouta’s students blanch at the look, but just as satisfying.
“If I had to guess, I’d say my husband it currently visiting the very kid we’re talking about.
He’s gotten a bit attached.”
“Enough of this pissing contest,” the short hero barks out. Shouta, content with the
knowledge that he had won that pissing contest, turns his attention to the man easily while the
representative scowls at the side of his head. “The point of this is to move the boy into a
better environment. You think you can provide that?”

“I know we can,” Shouta responds easily. “My husband – Yamada Hizashi, Present Mic – and
I both have extensive experience with volatile quirks and traumatized children.”
“Yamada assisted Midoriya through several panic attacks when he first arrived at UA,”
Tsukauchi says, “and I can confirm that he is currently visiting to check on him. From what I
saw, Yamada was very good with the boy.” Shouta’s smirk softens slightly as pride leaks into
it, though he doubts anyone around him can tell the difference, except perhaps for Nedzu,
who always knows too much.
“And you’re certain that Yamada would agree to this?” Yagi asks.
Shouta nods. “Hizashi’s been hounding me to adopt for ages, anyway.”
“There’s a difference between adoption and taking in an at-risk child like Midoriya,” the
Commission representative says through grit teeth. “You don’t bring someone a wolf when
they ask for a puppy.”
“Have you even seen this kid?” Shouta can’t help but ask. “He is a puppy.”
“Puppies don’t steal over a hundred quirks and murder their fathers.”
Shouta shrugs. “Puppies have teeth. They can bite.” He sighs, propping his head on his casted
fist, ignoring the slight ache of it as any energy he had to keep slogging through this woman’s
bullshit drains out of him all at once. “Regardless, Mic would parent a lost pigeon if given
half the chance. Trust me, I know my husband.” Shouta lets his eyes slide shut, not caring to
see the scornful position the representative has no doubt folded her ridiculous eyebrows into.
Nedzu claps, the sound muffled by the pads of his paws, but still sharp enough to quiet the
room. “It’s sounds like we have a perfectly good solution in front of us! Let’s put it to another
vote!”

The old hag knocks exactly once on Katsuki’s door before throwing it open, standing at the
threshold with her hands on her hips and a glower on her face like she thinks she’s hot shit.
Groaning so loud he has to tip his head back to properly let out the sound, Katsuki drops the
dumbbell he was doing reps with. It bangs, a short, hollow noise against the carpet, and his
mother’s glare intensifies.
“Cut that shit out. Do you want to break the floor?”
“The floor is fucking fine.”
“Yeah, well it’s not gonna be for long if you keep throwing your weights around, and you
know who’s going to pay to fix it? Not me, that’s for sure.”

“Oh my god,” Katsuki growls. “What do you want?” She cuts him a look that he returns with
equal venom. He swipes the back of his wrist over his forehead as sweat drips down his brow.
There’s no way she bust in here just to yell at him for something he hadn’t even done yet. Not
even his mother is that fucking ridiculous.
“Turn your music down,” she demands.
“Hah? No way!”
“I’ve told you three times already to turn it down.”
“I’m training!” Katsuki argues, gesturing broadly to his weights and the sweat that has coated
his upper body.
“You’ve been training all week!” his mother responds, raising her voice to match his, yelling
over the heavy drums of the music she hates so much. “I’ve let you have your way for this
long, but I can hear this shit in the whole damn house and your father has a fucking headache.
Turn it down! Or at least put on some headphones!”
“Headphones make my ears hurt!”
“Yeah? Well, this goddamned never-ending cacophony is making my ears hurt, so turn it
down.”
“Fucking fine!” Katsuki shouts. He stands, resisting the urge to kick his dumbbell across the
room, knowing from experience exactly how that would go. “Whatever,” he grumbles,
jabbing viciously at the buttons on his speaker until the music dies to a much more tolerable
– and much less pumped-up, weaker, fucking lame-ass – level.
“Thank you. Was that so fucking difficult?” The old hag leans against the doorway, scowling
fiercely. Then she closes her eyes, exhales hard through her nose, and forcibly softens the
lines of her face. When she opens her eyes again, the anger there has mellowed, more of the
“grit teeth” variety than the “throwing things” variety.
“We need to fucking talk,” she says, volume reasonable for indoor use, but just barely.
Katsuki glares harder. “Are you alright?” she asks after a moment, words stilted.
“What do you fucking mean ‘am I alright?’”
“I mean that you’ve been acting – weird lately.”
“Weird? I haven’t been weird, what are you on?”
Her head thunks against the doorway as she reaches a hand up to tug through her hair.
“Katsuki. Look, can I come in?”
“Don’t come in!”
“I’m coming in. Sit down, brat, we’re going to fucking talk, okay?” She sits on his bed,
ignoring all his snarled protests, leaving Katsuki to collapse back down onto his bench,

crossing his arms and grimacing at the tackiness of sweat cooling on his skin.
“Well?” he asks when she doesn’t say anything more. “You’re the one who wanted to talk.”
“I know, I know, just give me a goddamned minute.” She pauses to collect her thoughts,
immune to Katsuki’s impatient anger. “You’ve been training a lot, lately,” she finally says.
“The fucking sports festival is coming up, you know that. I’m gonna win the whole thing,
which means I need to get ready.”
She stares at him for a long moment, eyes just like his own, but filled with complexities he
can’t pick apart. “And it’s got nothing to do with what happened at the USJ?”
An explosion crackles against Katsuki’s palm for a fraction of a second before he smothers it
in his fist. He glares at the strained whiteness of his knuckles, suddenly unable to meet the
old hag’s eyes. He itches with energy, the need to do something, the need to be better, and it
crawls under his skin like torture.
The USJ was nothing. Is nothing. It’s handled, is what it is. In the past. The heroes are going
to catch all the villainous fuckers who were there and Katsuki will never have to see or even
think about any of them ever again.
“What’s that shit got to do with anything?” he asks, curling his lip in a sneer.
“You were attacked, Katsuki,” she says, too soft and too close to pity. “You got hurt. Your
teachers nearly died. You still haven’t told me what happened.”
“That’s because there’s nothing to fucking tell,” Katsuki bites back, compensating for her
softness by becoming sharper in turn. “Some villains got some big ideas and thought they
could mess with us, but they couldn’t. We were stronger than they were, and we fucking won.
It’s not a big deal.”
“It sounds like a big deal to me. It sounds scary to me. I was so fucking scared when I heard
what happened. And you haven’t said a word about it!”
Katsuki grinds his teeth, back and forth, the harsh grate of them loud in his own ears. “That’s
because there’s nothing to say. You might have been fucking scared, but I’m not some kind of
coward. I’m a hero, I’m gonna be number one–”
“But you’re not,” the hag interrupts, leaning forward to slap her hand against his knee in a
viper-quick motion that he doesn’t move quick enough to dodge. “You’re not a hero, you’re
not anything yet! You are a fucking fifteen-year-old who came home with a handprint bruised
around his goddamned throat, and you want to tell me that your sudden fixation on getting
stronger has nothing to do with that?”
“What do you want me to say?” he asks, without pulling his teeth apart. The old hag deflates
slightly, rubbing a hand across her face with a tired sigh.
“I don’t know. I just want you to talk to me. When did you stop talking to me, Kat?”

When did he ever talk to her? When had they ever talked without yelling? Maybe when
Katsuki was young enough that she could pick him up and run him around like he was flying.
Maybe when was small enough that she could cage him in her arms and blow raspberries
against his neck until he squealed. Maybe before his quirk came in and he realized that he
was strong enough to protect himself, all on his own. Maybe before his quirk was taken and
he realized that she never could have protected him, anyway.
Whenever it was, it was a long-ass time ago. Long enough that they could never go back, that
was for goddamned sure.
“I love you, Kat,” she says when it’s clear that he’s not going to break the silence that has
fallen between them. She sighs the words, like it’s some huge fucking struggle that she’s
exhausted with. “I just want you to be happy, you know that, right?”
“You know what would make me happy?”
“What?” she asks. He meets her eyes, sees the hesitant resignation there, the tired
exasperation of an “I love you” that has to be said as a sigh.
He wonders, for a moment, about proving her wrong. He could tell her some things, maybe.
He could tell her about Izuku, at least.
But she’d just get pissed that he hadn’t told her sooner, and she would definitely end up
taking Izuku’s side. She always did when they were younger and he’s sure that time hasn’t
changed the immutable fact that his mother can’t see through Deku’s helpless veneer.
There’s no fucking point in explaining.
He peels his lips back from his teeth in a snarl. “I’d be happy if I could turn my goddamned
music back up.”

The first thing Shouta does when he finally gets back to his apartment, after hours of the
brain-numbing bureaucracy, is collapse onto the couch and flail his arms about – as much as
he can with the casts – in search of a cat. Inquisitive whiskers brush against his fingers,
followed in short order by a merciless set of teeth digging into the exposed tip of his thumb.
“Bastard,” he hisses, jerking away. Her teeth seem especially vicious when he can’t see them
coming, once again bandage-blind, courtesy of Recovery Girl. Bastard yowls a ridiculous
broken sound in response before galloping loudly away, bolting to and fro. There’s a dull
clatter as she runs into god only knows what, then a short silence, likely as she revels in
whatever destruction she has wrought, before she’s racing off again.
With Bastard making a racket on the other side of the room, Shouta reaches out again until a
fluffy spine eventually raises itself beneath his hand. He scratches the cat for a moment

before picking them up around the middle to drop the little monster on his chest. From
Shouta’s position on the couch, with the limited movement of his arms, the manhandling is
awkward, but Lucy tolerates it with only a small meow, content enough to curl up right where
he was placed. Bastard yowls again. Disco screams back from another room.
“You’re my favorite child,” Shouta tells the fluffball nosing idly at his capture weapon. Lucy
chirps, a sweet noise compared to the squall of his siblings.
“You’re not supposed to play favorites, Sho. You’ll hurt the others’ feelings.”
The relief that courses through Shouta at the sound of his husband’s voice is a balm on frayed
nerves, soft and teasing and finally letting Shouta relax when he hadn’t even realized he was
still tense. It’s still odd to Shouta, that a single person can immediately make everything
simply better, just by being present, but he hopes to never take it for granted. He sighs,
scratching behind Lucy’s ears when he butts against the plaster of Shouta’s palm.
“Pretty sure the only feeling Bastard is capable of is spite.”
Hizashi laughs, scooping Shouta’s legs up so he can sit beneath them. “Probably. But Disco’s
sensitive, you know that. Did she bite you again?” Wordlessly, Shouta held up his hand,
displaying the marks that were no doubt left behind by the menace. Hizashi clicks his tongue
sympathetically. “At least she didn’t break skin this time!” Bastard, who Shouta is sure has a
hunger for human flesh, hisses and knocks something over.
“How was the kid?” Shouta asks after a moment of silence. Hizashi’s thumb halts where it
had been rubbing circles over the jut of Shouta’s ankle.
“I had hoped I would feel better after seeing him,” Hizashi admits quietly.
“I take it you don’t.”
Zashi flicks Shouta’s leg. “No, I don’t. Not one bit.”
“We knew he wasn’t doing well.”
“Knowing is different than seeing. He’s just – he’s so small, and sad, and it’s like he thinks he
deserves to be that way. You know what he said, when I mentioned you? He said he wouldn’t
bother you anymore. Bother you!” Hizashi’s voice grows louder with his distress, though he
is careful to keep himself in check now more than ever, when Shouta can’t use Erasure to
spare himself from the volume.
Shouta reaches out until he can just barely grasp Hizashi’s sleeve between the tips of his
fingers, tugging at it until Zashi gets the hint and collapses against him. Lucy chitters as his
spot on Shouta’s chest is stolen but hops away to settle near their legs without further protest.
Yet another reason Lucy is Shouta’s favorite. In Lucy’s place, Disco would have either
refused to move or tried to resettle on top of Hizashi’s head where it now rests against
Shouta’s shoulder. And Bastard would have sooner clawed their eyes out than cooperated.

Shouta runs his fingers through Hizashi’s hair, pulling gently at the hair tie he finds there
until it falls loose. Hizashi hums, but there is still a distracted note of concern to the sound.
“I offered him a hug and he said no.”
“I don’t blame him,” Shouta says, lighthearted in an attempt to ease the melancholy that has
settled in his husband’s voice. “Not everyone likes hugs.” Hizashi wiggles his arms between
Shouta and the couch, squeezing lightly, as if to prove a point.
“The little listener needs a hug.”
“…Probably,” Shouta agrees. “But just because he needs one doesn’t mean he’s ready to get
one. Comfort won’t mean anything to him until he believes he’s safe.”
“He flinched,” Hizashi says at a whisper, words weighed nearly to silence by heavy sadness
and remorse.
“He’s been through a lot. It will take time before he realizes that no one here wants to hurt
him.”
“That’s the thing, though. It didn’t seem like he was afraid of me. It’s like he was afraid of
himself.”
They already knew that was true, at least to an extent. The kid has expressed a plethora of
negative opinions about himself, that he is dangerous being among them. After the things his
father had forced him to do, Midoriya Izuku no longer seems to realize that he is capable of
not harming people. Shouta has no doubt that Izuku would never simply choose to hurt
someone, but the kid has been deprived of the choice for so long that he can’t even grasp the
fact that the decision is back in his hands – that not hurting someone can be as simple as not
wanting to.
Hizashi sighs. “What about your meeting? Please tell me you’ve all found something better
for him than that safehouse. He’s wasting away in there.”
Shouta carefully teases apart a knot in Zashi’s hair, suddenly feeling incredibly out of his
depth as theoreticals and reality begin to crash together. As knowing transitions to
understanding, there is a moment of disorienting mental recalibration. Because knowing
something – even accepting it, preparing for it, bracing yourself in every way you know how
– is often meaningless when you find yourself face to face with the real thing for the first
time.
Midoriya Izuku is going to come live with them, provided he agrees to the deal Nedzu has set
up for him. A child who flinches from touch, not because of the things others have done to
him, but because of the things he has done to others. A boy who loved his father and killed
him anyway. A boy who loves his brother who is most likely going to try to kill him, next. A
kid, a fifteen-year-old, the same age as Shouta’s students who are still so care-free, young
enough to see life as their playground.

And Shouta volunteered to take care of him, to protect him. Shouta. Shouta who works
himself until he breaks, whose dietary staple is jelly because half the time he can’t be assed to
eat anything else, who survives by grabbing naps whenever he can because he can’t sleep
through the night. Shouta who heard this same kid crying at the USJ – so desperately in need
of saving that he resorted to saving himself at a terrible cost – but couldn’t do a damned thing
to help because he was too busy getting the shit beat out of him to protect anyone.
Shouta’s not qualified for this. He already failed the kid once, and that’s not even bothering to
get into his laundry list of character defects. He’s a good teacher, maybe, but he’s good at
milking potential out of the kids who have it, good at giving reality checks to the ones who
are too full of themselves, good at weeding out the ones who’ll only end up ground to pulp
beneath the heels of the hero industry. He’s not particularly good with the kids, and the
certainly don’t find him likable, and there’s a drastic difference between being a teacher and
being a guardian – being a parent. Maybe Shouta is qualified for this on paper, but that’s the
thing, isn’t it? The difference between knowing and understanding. Because Shouta might
know how to do this, but he sure as hell doesn’t understand.
“Sho?” Hizashi asks, concerned. He shifts until he is propped up on his elbows, rather than
laying down. “Don’t tell me they’re sending him to jail. If they are, I want you to lie to me.
Wait, no. Tell me the truth so I can hunt them down. Or break him out! There’s no way–”
Shouta forces himself to breathe, to think rationally as Hizashi riles himself up to go to war
against the rest of the committee or stage a prison break or both.
Shouta made the right decision, and even if he didn’t, it’s been made. He will grow to
understand, just like he has with all the other theoretical ideas that crashed full speed into his
real world. And he has Hizashi, who already understands and who is far better with these
things than Shouta ever will be. Hizashi, who still doesn’t know what Shouta has done.
“He’s not going to jail,” Shouta says, interrupting Hizashi’s rant, which has devolved into
threats graphic enough that it’s good Tsukauchi isn’t around to overhear. “He’ll be a ward of
UA, so long as he agrees to the conditions.”
Hizashi collapses back down, resting his chin on Shouta’s sternum. “Well, why didn’t you
just say so! I probably should have guessed, with Nedzu involved. At least this way we’ll be
able to see him sometimes, huh? Make sure everything is going well. Maybe he’ll finally let
me give him that hug.”
“Oh, we’ll be seeing plenty of him. He’s coming to stay with us.”
There is a moment of silence, long enough that Shouta begins to wonder if he was too blunt.
Then the windows rattle as Hizashi shrieks something that Shouta can’t discern over the
sudden ringing in his ears. All the cats dart around, startled and frantic and howling, even
Lucy, who digs his claws into Shouta’s shin as he catapults himself from the couch. Without
Erasure, all Shouta can do is slam his hands over Hizashi’s mouth, probably with a touch too
much force, considering the hard plaster encasing them, but Shouta’s head feels like it’s been
cracked open across the eyes, so he can’t bring himself to be particularly careful.
Hizashi cuts himself off, makes a barely-there sound of apology and disentangles from
Shouta to retrieve some painkillers. Lucy and Disco both find corners somewhere to hide

away until they deem the apartment safe again; Bastard, on the other hand, continues to
ricochet around every inch of space available to her, like a bouncy ball from hell. Hizashi
returns, dropping a few pills into Shouta’s palm which he slams back dry after wiggling his
bandages out of the way. Shouta lets his head fall back against the arm of the couch as he
waits for the meds to kick in, Hizashi silently taking a seat on the floor next to him.
“To clarify,” Shouta begins when the pain has died to a manageable ache, “that was a
surprised and excited scream, right?”
“Yeah, Kitten, it was.”
Shouta can hear the soft smile in Zashi’s voice, and it’s always a sound worth hearing, no
matter how much it makes his head hurt.

Chapter End Notes

Mantis, in collaboration with some others on the discord made an actual OC (X X) for
one of my nameless, faceless extras (specifically the woman in the safehouse with Izuku
last chapter). Her name is Sano Yumeka, hero name Floret, and she’s got a plant quirk.
At some point I will probably go back and make some small edits of the chapter to
reflect this, but until then, just know that this is canon now. The discord has spoken
And cupcake made us a soundtrack!
Now, meme overflow because 5000 characters is simply not enough
Cinnamon: X
Eggs: X X X X X X X X X X X X
Finch (part 2): X X X X
Lena: X
Lyn: X
Mantis: X
Surya: X
Zombs: X
And one from me: X
Nedzu: Now the only question left is who Izuku going to live with.
All Might: I could –
Aizawa, signing adoption papers: You will NOT
Committee: *says stupid shit, asks stupid questions, is generally terrible*
Tsukauchi, mournfully: Did no one read the packets? Please, I spent an hour formatting
them.
Aizawa: So you like the kid?
Yamada: Yeah, the little listener is great!

Aizawa: Oh thank god, ‘cuz he’s moving in tomorrow
Yamada: I’m sorry, whAT?!
Me, making human OCs: *no name, no quirk, no nothing. Doesn’t matter, just there
because I need someone to be there*
Me, making cat OCs: *names, appearances, personality, noises, complete backstories, I
have all the details about these fucking cats, they’re the new main characters*
Next chapter: Voice – Part III
Update: Jan. 21

Chapter 15: Voice - Part III
Chapter Notes

CW: Izuku
This is the longest chapter since AFO part 2, all the way back when I still had no idea
what this story was going to turn into.
Straight to the Discord memes, then
Alttu: X X X
Cinnamon: X
Cloud: X X X X X X X X X X X X
Eggs: X X X X X X X X X X
Finch: X X
Fola: X X
Lyn: X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

On Izuku’s fourth day in the safehouse, Tsukauchi does not come. Izuku eats the breakfast
that is prepared for him, and then he returns to the bedroom until lunch. The clock ticks into
late afternoon and Izuku remains uninterrupted, staring at the wall – it is probably ivory, he
has decided – and gripping his mother’s locket so tightly the broken hinge leaves a groove in
the meat of his thumb.
Still, Tsukauchi doesn’t come. But Present Mic does. He stands in the doorway, grinning as
Izuku gapes.
Izuku never expected to see Present Mic again. At the end of their last meeting, just
yesterday, the hero had promised he would come back, but Izuku was sure he would either
forget or Izuku would be moved before then.
“Hey Little Listener,” the man says, as he enters the room. This time he makes for the desk
chair instead of the bed, but rather than sit in it, he slots his arm through the back and picks it
up. “Mind joining us in the living room?”
“Us?” Izuku echoes, mindlessly taking his feet. He feels so unbalanced it’s a miracle he can
stand straight, but the world doesn’t tip sideways the way it seems like it should, and the
ground is solid beneath his feet.
“Yep! You’re a popular one.” Present Mic lowers his glasses enough to offer Izuku an
exaggerated wink, then walks back to the door, chair in tow. He knocks the legs of it against
the doorframe as he goes. “Yikes,” he says, rubbing his fingers against the wood as if that
will remove the scuffs he just put in. “You didn’t see that!”

Izuku hesitates for a moment, standing next to the bed and staring dumbly after the hero who
whirled into the room out of nowhere and then back out just as abruptly. When Tsukauchi had
not come that day, Izuku had assumed that it was over. That there were no more questions to
ask. No more details to carefully pry from the resistant vice of Izuku’s jaws. No more pitying
looks, no more pseudo-comfort. And he had assumed that that meant he would soon be
escorted to whatever cell he would be spending the rest of his life in. Probably somewhere
deep underground, where he would only see passing guards until the day Tomura found a
way inside to put an end to everything.
This visit, with winks and casual property damage, never featured in Izuku’s imaginings of
what would happen next. This is not a part of Izuku’s plan, not even meant to be a part of the
tenuous limbo he has found himself in.
He follows Present Mic with cautious steps, into the living room to face the rest of his –
visitors? There, at the small table where Izuku eats his meals, sits Eraserhead and Nedzu.
Izuku freezes again in the doorway, watching with wide eyes as Present Mic places his stolen
seat next to Eraserhead, flopping into it and resting his chin in one hand as he sprawls the
other arm across the table. He grins at Eraserhead, who glares at him with bloodshot eyes that
just barely peek out between the seams of his bandages. Nedzu stands in his own chair at
Eraserhead’s other side, head fully cresting the table, but barely.
The principal grins as he catches sight of Izuku, small, pointed teeth catching the light with a
vicious glint. “Izuku! Come, take a seat!” He nods to the lone empty chair at the table.
Wordlessly, Izuku does as he is told, moving on autopilot as he still struggles to catch up with
the situation he has found himself in. He crosses the room carefully, silently watching the
heroes in front of him. Present Mic turns away from Eraserhead to give Izuku another bright
smile, cheek squashed against his fist and glasses slightly askew. With the attention of all
three heroes on him, Izuku feels impossibly heavy, like he is about to crumple beneath the
force of his own gravity. He resists the urge to fold in on himself, glancing quickly between
Present Mic’s amicable smile, the red rimming Eraserhead’s barely-visible eyes, and the glint
of light across Nedzu’s teeth.
“First of all,” Nedzu begins, “we have something that belongs to you. Mic?”
“Right!”
Present Mic glances around for a quick moment, then leans over Eraserhead, ignoring the
short noise of protest, to scoop something off the floor. He hefts it up with a triumphant cry,
slinging it onto the table. Izuku’s backpack thuds against the wood and slides slightly across
the surface. Half-unzipped, several notebooks jar loose, one of which tumbles straight into
Nedzu’s waiting paws.
“Hizashi,” Eraserhead scolds flatly. Present Mic shrugs his shoulders with a sheepish laugh.
Izuku watches the small exchange with saucer-wide eyes.
“Volume 17,” Nedzu reads. Izuku’s attention snaps to him as he flips open the book. “This is
one of my favorites!”

“I’m sorry,” Izuku blurts, eyes locked onto the damning spread of pages in Nedzu’s paws.
“Are we doing apologies again?” Eraserhead asks dryly. “In that case, I’m sorry for erasing
your quirk the way I did in the infirmary. I didn’t realize there would be any kind of backlash
on you.”
Suddenly, Izuku does not know where to look. The notebooks and Eraserhead demand his
attention in equal measure. Izuku’s eyes dart frantically between the two – from the hero he
wronged, back the book that proves to just how many others he did the same – never able to
settle on one before the need to address the second itches at him again.
Izuku presses his tongue to the dry roof of his mouth. “What? N-no, I – the b-books…”
“Are quite impressive,” Nedzu fills in, not at all what Izuku had been intending to say. Izuku
bites down the contrary noise that tries to leap from his mouth. “Do you use one of the
intelligence quirks in your repertoire when you put together these analyses?”
“I – n-no, no.” Izuku half reaches out to snatch the book away but thinks better of it before
the movement can become anything more than a twitch of his already-shaking hands. “I don’t
– there’s n-nothing sp-special about i-it.”
“Did All for One have you make these profiles?”
Izuku thinks, with rising dread, about the number of heroes he has written about in those
books. Practically every hero he has ever seen has been catalogued in some capacity, varying
from mere lines to entire pages of notes and breakdowns, depending on how much
information was available to him. And then there were the quirks that didn’t belong to heroes
at all – the quirks that belonged to victims, stolen away by either Izuku or his father and then
immortalized and dissected on paper.
He knew the police had the notebooks, knew they had already been filed in the evidence
against him. He had handed them over without a single word of argument. At the time, he
hadn’t minded turning them in. In a strange way, it felt like severing a limb, giving up the
books that he had spent practically his whole life working on, but he knew the information
was better off in hands that wouldn’t abuse it.
Now, though, confronted directly, Izuku feels sick with shame. Many of the pages in those
books had never been seen by All for One. They were Izuku’s, and Izuku’s alone. But there
were over twenty books in the bag, hundreds of quirks within their pages, and the analysis
there had resulted in enough deaths that Izuku had lost count.
“I-it’s just a h-hobby,” he says, weakly. “My f-fa-fa – no, m-most of them were j-just for mme. For – for fun.” He chokes on the word. Izuku’s not proud to have built entertainment
from death and destruction, but quirk analysis is a lure he has never been able to resist, even
when it meant doubling down on his crimes, adding insult to injury. Like a sociopathic
scientist, deaf to the screams of those he studies.
“It’s rare for someone your age to enjoy analysis of this nature, not to mention of this
quality.”

“Nedzu,” Eraserhead interjects, just as tears begin to well in Izuku’s eyes.
“Ah,” Nedzu replies, smile turning thoughtful as he assesses Izuku. “You’re not in trouble! I
meant it when I said I was impressed. I’ve looked these over extensively and you have quite
the gift, Izuku!”
Confused, Izuku blinks – once, twice, eyelashes matting together as his tears spill over, even
as his distress is displaced with disorientation. Present Mic shuffles around, patting over his
jacket and crowing as he pulls something from one of his pockets. He slides the item – a
small pack of tissues – across the table to Izuku with a satisfied grin.
“I don’t un-understand,” Izuku admits, picking the packet up and pulling a tissue from it to
worry between his fingers.
“Have you ever thought of putting your skills to use?”
“Skills?”
“Like the analysis!”
“I – I tried – o-only s-sometimes. W-when T-Tom-mura n-need m-me to, b-but–”
“I don’t mean to use for the League,” Nedzu interrupts. “I mean for yourself. Have you ever
considered being an analyst?”
“…What?” Something in Izuku’s voice, thin and lost as it is, makes Nedzu stop and think for
a moment, smiling fading into a more serious, considerate stare, that is no less unnerving.
“I suppose what I’m asking,” he says slowly, “is what you want to be when you grow up.
What are your dreams, Izuku?”
Izuku is still crying, tears flowing sluggishly, but he is no longer sure why. He’s not sure of
much at all at the moment, feeling unmoored in the face of Nedzu’s question as he picks apart
the tissue in his hands. Tiny shards of fiber flutter slightly across the table with each of
Izuku’s exhales. He feels a little bit like those bits of tissue paper. Thin and fragile, fuzzy
around the edges, insubstantial like he might float way or dissolve to shreds.
His dreams? These days, Izuku has only been having nightmares, but he knows that’s not
what Nedzu is referring to. His hopes? Izuku tries to think back.
When is the last time Izuku imagined the future and thought of anything other than blood and
tears? Why would he bother, when it had nothing else to offer him?
“I don’t know,” he says. The confession echoes around his chest, bouncing between his ribs
like his insides are some cavernous space, vast and empty.
“Skills like yours could be incredibly useful in heroics, you know.”
“No,” Izuku denies automatically. “I can’t be a hero.”

“Nedzu,” Eraserhead cuts in sharply.
Simultaneously, the principal himself asks, “Why not?”
“I’m a villain,” Izuku replies helplessly, looking between the two – the mummified glare of
Eraserhead, the Mona Lisa smile of Nedzu. “I’m going to jail.”
“You’re not going to jail,” Eraserhead corrects, tone firm enough that Izuku can only blink
and turn the words over in his head, argument stricken from his tongue. He tries to find an
angle to look at them that will make them make sense, but everything just gets more tangled
up as he does, twisting together into a jumbled mass of nonsense that makes Izuku’s head
hurt. Childishly, he wants to cover his ears, to sing loudly to himself until his own voice
blocks out all these statements that he can’t make sense of.
“What about when you were little?” Present Mic asks, drawing Izuku’s attention away from
the unreadable expanse of bandages that mask the nuance of Eraserhead’s expression, from
that slight sliver of eye that pierces Izuku through. “What did you want to do then?”
Izuku thinks back again, farther this time. Long back, before he knew too well how blood felt
between his fingers. Back before his mother was taken from him, followed soon after by
whatever remained of his innocence. Before his quirk came in, and the world grasped him
hard by the shoulders and taught him that not all men were created equal.
“I… wanted to h-help people.”
“That’s what heroes do,” Present Mic says, smiling gently. For the first time since Nedzu
started speaking, Izuku’s mouth firms from its confounded slackness, pulling into a brittle
frown.
“No,” he says, too harsh. “That’s what they’re supposed to do.” He regrets the words the
moment they escape him, flinching forward just a fraction of an inch, as if he can reach out
and snatch them back out of the air. Present Mic’s smile falls away, and Izuku finds that the
hero is even harder to look at when he is frowning.
“You’re right, kid,” Eraserhead says. Izuku looks to him sharply, the agreement putting him
instantly on edge. “We don’t always do our jobs as well as we should.”
Izuku backtracks. “T-that’s not–”
“No, it’s true. There are too many people out there who don’t get the help they need. Even
heroes are only human. We can’t be everywhere; we can’t know everything. Can’t save
everyone. Not to mention that some of us don’t have our priorities in order, to begin with. But
that doesn’t make it any better for the people we fail. Right now, we’re trying not to fail you.”
“Me?”
“Yes, you. Nedzu, cut to the chase.”
“Of course!” Nedzu exclaims, cheerful composure unshaken by Eraserhead’s curt tone.
“Yesterday, a committee of heroes, officers, and members of the HPSC met to discuss where

you will go from here.”
“Not jail?” Izuku asks, still dubious, cutting his eyes to Eraserhead. He feels as if gravity has
been reversed, like any moment now he is going to fall up out of his chair, tumbling head
over heels into the sky. Then, when everything is set back to sorts, back to the way it should
be, reality will come crashing down, and it will bring him with it until he is nothing but a red
splatter on the pavement.
“Not jail!” Nedzu confirms.
“Then where…?”
“You have two options in front of you. I am here to offer you a deal, but should you not like
it, the HPSC will take custody of you.”
Izuku tenses. In his five years with his father, Izuku had learned all about the flaws in their
hero-centric society, though he never quite grew to hate heroics as a whole, the way Tomura
had. The system is flawed, deeply and inherently, but many of the people who participate in it
do so with the best of intentions, wanting to help people, the same way Izuku himself had
once craved so fervently. But the Hero Public Safety Commission is a different beast entirely,
and Izuku knows enough about their inner workings – more than they would ever want him
to know, he is sure – to detest them entirely. Nedzu watches Izuku’s reaction with sharp eyes,
and Izuku meets the beady gaze, swallowing thickly.
“And your deal?”
“It’s simple!” Nedzu responds, eyes glinting, as he produces a thick sheaf of paper from
seemingly nowhere, passing it to Present Mic who, in turn, hands it to Izuku. It is heavy in
Izuku’s palms, looking and feeling anything but simple. “You’ll become a ward of UA. I’ll
take over your education, to assess your skills and guide you on the right path.” Eraserhead
scoffs, but Izuku stares at the papers in front of him with tears once again burning against the
backs of his eyes.
“UA?” he asks, tracing a shaking finger over the two large and bold letters at the top of the
page. Ink bleeds slightly as a tear drips from his chin onto the typing.
“UA,” Present Mic says. He leans into Eraserhead with a small, crooked smile.
It has been a long time since Izuku had dreams, but he was full of them, once. He dreamed of
helping people, saving them, being a hero. UA was always at the center of those dreams,
golden and bright.
Once, Izuku had dreamed of helping people. It was a dream like the sun – warm and shining,
far away but still in sight. But then he hurt people, more and more, until it seemed almost
impossible that he could ever help anyone at all, and he was locked away in some cold place
where light could never reach him. Now, if Izuku is being painfully honest with himself, the
only thing he can still dream of is to someday simply be good. It is a dream more like a
nightmare – cracked nails on bleeding fingers, scrabbling at dirt as he tries to dig his way out
of a grave of his own making.

For years, Izuku had thought that his dreams were dead, killed by his own hand. So he had
buried himself with them, had stopped bothering to dream at all. What was the point, when
he knew exactly what the future had in store for him? He would never be a hero, would never
be anything more than the villain of his own story. He resigned himself to days of blood and
theft and freezing cold.
But he has ended that cycle, hasn’t he? Painfully, in a way he is sure he will regret for the rest
of his life, but ended, nonetheless. He will never go back to the warehouse again.
When Izuku decided to write his own story, he had planned to make a single change. Make a
scalpel his pen and scratch out his father’s name. That was all. That alone was enough to
domino into massive differences down the line – happy endings where there would have been
tragedies. Happy endings that would make it all worth it, even if Izuku didn’t get one of his
own. His story has always been a tragedy, after all.
Izuku turns pages with fingers he cannot feel, skimming over words that look hazy through
the film of tears over his eyes. It is not simple, what they are offering him. And it is not
forgiveness. But simple forgiveness isn’t what Izuku wants, and it certainly isn’t what he
deserves. No, they are giving him a chance to earn something.
He reads and a bubble grows in his chest, something golden-bright that feels a lot like dreams
used to. Something a little like a sunrise.
“I can be a hero?” Izuku asks softly, staring at the bold and capitalized heading: SPORTS
FESTIVAL. All three of the others at the table answer his barely-there question at once, a
chorus of affirmation that makes Izuku’s ears ring.
Izuku reads the word “rehabilitation” so many times that it starts to look like “redemption.”

The safehouse falls into silence, broken only by the whisper of turning pages and the stuttergasp of breath that is thick with tears. The kid reads and rereads, bottom lip trembling as he
soundlessly mouths the occasional sentence to himself. A crease has settled between his
brows. Against Shouta’s side, Hizashi’s weight becomes heavier as the silence stretches, but
he resists the urge he must be feeling to break it and rolls his lip between his teeth, as quiet as
the rest of them.
Nedzu’s proposal is lengthy and dense. It’s not the kind of thing Shouta would have expected
the kid to read and process on his own, but Nedzu seems content to simply watch Izuku’s
reactions rather than to guide him through anything. Shouta stares at the dimple between the
kid’s brows, deep and unwavering. It speaks less of a confusion on the what and more on the
why; understanding the contents of what has been put before him, but not believing it.
Through the confusion, disbelief, and despair that still cling to every edge of the kid, it is
hard to predict what he is going to say. Certainly, the problem child is thinking he doesn’t

deserve this. Shouta can guess that much. But does he want what Nedzu is offering? If he
does, which is more important to him – wanting or deserving? Will he prioritize the desire, or
will he deprive himself of this opportunity the same way Hizashi fears he deprives himself of
comfort?
Each rustle of paper as the kid flips back and forth between pages has something winding
tighter in Shouta’s chest. Anxiety churns in his stomach at the thought of Izuku saying yes,
coming home with them, relying on them. Shouta doesn’t want to fail the kid again, but he
doesn’t even know where to start in order to succeed.
Worse than that anxiety, though, is the dread that bubbles in his lungs like tar at the thought
of the kid saying no. Of disappearing behind the concrete, steel, and red tape of the
Commission, where the closest thing to comfort he will be offered is raised eyebrows, like he
is some trivial curiosity. Locked up and locked away, not even railing against the injustice of
it, because it’s exactly what he thinks he deserves.
Shouta would rather fail the kid a million times over than sit by and watch as Izuku fails
himself.
Beneath the table, Zashi squeezes Shouta’s knee tightly enough that Shouta can feel his nails
through the fabric of his pants. Unable to squeeze back, Shouta jogs his leg once in
acknowledgement. Nedzu pats his paws silently on the edge of the table, smiling as serenely
as ever, apparently unaffected by the unease saturating the air.
“So what happens n-next?” Izuku eventually asks, voice hesitant in the thick air. He runs his
thumb along the side of the packet, a quick shuffle of the pages. “Where do w-we start?”
There is another quiet moment as everyone process the unspoken implication in the kid’s
words. Shouta’s anxiety ramps up into a rolling boil but the tar drains from his lungs, a sweet
relief that allows him to breath freely without the air getting stuck in his chest. Hizashi
muffles an excited noise against his palm, bouncing slightly in his seat and madly shaking
Shouta’s knee. The burst of energy, as contained as it is by Zashi’s standards, startles Izuku,
who flinches slightly before freezing in place, taut and trembling for a moment before he
cautiously relaxes again. Shouta knocks his temple again his husband’s with a quelling glare.
“You’ll come to stay with us,” Shouta says, catching the kid’s wary eyes. “Either today or
tomorrow, if you want some time to think.”
“…With you?”
“With us!” Hizashi exclaims, pulling his hand away from his mouth the reveal the wide grin
that has taken up residence there. As Zashi once again begins to vibrate with excitement,
voice a touch too loud, Shouta locks their ankles together and jostles his leg. Hizashi’s smile
takes on a slightly abashed tint but doesn’t dim as he shakes his hands out and settles back
into his chair. Izuku stares at the pair of them – how close Hizashi placed their chairs
together, how Hizashi leans into Shouta until their arms are pressed together, how casually
Shouta allows the contact – with realization dawning in his eyes. His lips purse, twist into a
conflicted curve.

“But I – W-why would you…”
Shouta shrugs, cavalier and completely constructed, concealing his concern. “You need
somewhere to stay. We have the room.”
“I… I can’t…”
Shouta’s stomach plumets as the kid trails off. He takes a deep breath, forces himself not to
reveal anything, and pointedly avoids looking at Hizashi, not wanting to see the frozen-fake
smile that must be on his face, now.
“If you’re not comfortable with us, we can find a replacement,” Shouta says, gruff but
composed. “The sports festival is only ten days away, so you’ll want to get started ASAP if
you plan to participate. Your lessons with Nedzu begin on Monday, so you’ll still need to stay
with us in the interim, but it will probably only take a handful of days to find someone.”
“Why wo-would you… A-Af-After w-what I d-did–”
Hizashi cuts off the stuttering with a small noise of understanding. He reaches across the
table, resting a hand near Izuku’s, which is fisted around a crumpled edge of Nedzu’s
proposal. Hizashi makes no move to actually touch the kid, leaving an inch or two between
them, and Izuku stares at that gap, trepidation dripping from his eyes as freely as his tears.
“Do you remember what I said yesterday, kiddo? Shouta’s not mad at you. Neither am I. We
both just want to help you. We’re on your side.” Hizashi’s voice is soft – tender and gentle. It
is the kind of voice that most people would not think a notoriously exuberant man like
Present Mic capable of, if they didn’t hear it for themselves. It is also what Shouta thinks of
as Zashi’s most sincere, most genuine voice. No jokes, no production, no flare. Just words
that mean something, given like gifts to people who need them.
The kid’s fingers spasm, dropping the papers he spent so long pouring over. For the briefest
moment, he is reaching out, shaking and scared. Hizashi closes the gap in an instant, curling
his fingers around Izuku’s, letting Izuku’s close around his. The kid stares at their joined
hands, gaze wide and wild, like some horrible atrocity has happened right before his eyes.
His arm flinches back slightly at the shoulder, as if he is about to tear himself away, but his
fingers convulse tighter around Hizashi’s hand.
“I don’t understand,” he whispers. The confession is threadbare, worn thin by frustration and
uncertainty.
“I know. I know it doesn’t make any sense, right now. But if you come with us, maybe we
can figure it out together, huh?”
Izuku continues to stare at his and Hizashi’s joined hands. His nails dig into the back of
Hizashi’s gloves. He sniffles, his breath hiccups, and he stares, fingers flexing but never
releasing. A spark lights in his eyes, bringing the green of them to life for the first time
Shouta has seen. They are still dim, still glazed, and the kid himself still looks listless and
washed out, like the world has dug its teeth into him and shaken him about, but there is a fire
inside him.

And if you give a fire fuel, it will grow.

Eraserhead can and will sleep anywhere and Present Mic is not a particularly good singer.
Izuku learns both of these things within the first fifteen minutes of the car ride to the heroes’
home. The home that they share, since they are not only coworkers, classmates, or friends, as
Izuku first assumed. The home they are welcoming Izuku into, easily, happily even, as if they
are glad to have his black hole being sucking all their light away.
Present Mic taps without rhythm on the steering wheel. He sings just slightly louder than
most people would be able to comfortably manage, but not so loud that it hurts Izuku’s ears
or keeps Eraserhead from resting his head against the window and immediately passing out.
Every note Present Mic sings is at least slightly off key, but he knows all the words to each
song that comes on.
Izuku is grateful for the noise. So many of his thoughts live in the space between sounds,
vicious things that set upon him in the silence, crowding between his ears like high frequency
vibrations that make his teeth sting and his eyes feel like they’re going to burst. He lets the
noise wash over him and revels in its mindlessness, the way it keeps his head full and doesn’t
hurt at all.
Eraserhead and Present Mic’s apartment building is on UA grounds, a relatively small
building on the edge of the school’s expansive campus, where faculty, staff, and even the
occasional student can choose to live if they don’t want to find other housing in the area. The
apartment building itself is unimpressive, but UA is visible in the near distance.
Izuku stumbles out of the car on stiff legs, feeling pathetically small as he stares over at the
imposing jut of the school’s four main structures. Early evening sun glints off the windows,
reflecting warm light that is gradually darkening from yellow to orange.
“Come on, Sho,” Present Mic says as he opens Eraserhead’s door. “Up you get!” Eraserhead
groans, glowering through his bandages and the mess of his hair. Present Mic grins brightly,
impervious to the other man’s dark expression or grumbling, grabbing his elbow as he stands
to help him keep his balance.
“Hope you like cats,” Eraserhead says, looking briefly to Izuku where he hovers aimlessly
behind them. Without further word, he turns and proceeds into the building. He walks slightly
crooked, not fully able to conceal the pain in his gait. Present Mic watches Eraserhead go
with a click of his tongue.
Abruptly, he turns to Izuku, clapping his hands together. “Alright! Let’s get you settled in,
yeah?” Izuku stares, wide eyed and silent, mouth clamping down on any words before he can
even think to say them. “Yeah! I can take your bag for you–” Izuku has his backpack with his
notebooks slung over his shoulders and a duffle bag with clothes he was told to take from the

safehouse, both of which he clutches at, shaking his head “– or not! That’s fine, too! Just
follow me, okay?”
Follow. Izuku can do that. Simple, easy, no need to think about anything at all. He nods.
Present Mic smiles and Izuku tries to forget the feeling of warm, tight pressure that has
settled into the bones of his hand like a craving.
Present Mic leads them to an apartment on the second floor, opening the door with gravitas
and gesturing for Izuku to go inside. Izuku skirts carefully past him, toeing off his shoes –
red, so red, they were full of blood, you just couldn’t see it – and pressing himself
immediately to the closest wall as he surveys his surroundings.
Izuku doesn’t know what he expected. Perhaps he is still so caught up in his disbelief of
being here at all that anything would have surprised him. Regardless, it catches him off guard
to find himself in a completely normal apartment. A living room with a couch and a couple of
chairs, a table, a TV. A kitchen, separated from the living room by a counter with a few
stools. A wide window over the sink with a couple of plants on the sill. A hallway,
presumably leading to bedrooms and the bathroom.
The only abnormal thing about the space is Eraserhead himself, who stands near the couch,
shoulders hunched in as he pins a squirming cat to his chest. The animal twists in his grip like
it doesn’t have bones, tangling itself up in his capture weapon and complaining loudly every
few seconds, a sound like it’s gargling rocks. It chews on one of the hero’s casts, attacks
moving up and down along the length of plaster until it manages to dig into one of
Eraserhead’s exposed fingers.
“U-Um,” Izuku looks back to Present Mic, who is closing the door with nonplussed look. “EEraserhead, sir, w-what…?”
“Bastard,” Eraserhead hisses. The cat hisses back. Izuku shoots another frantic look to
Present Mic, who meets his eyes this time, mouth twitching as he suppresses a smile. “Not
you, kid, I’m talking to the cat.”
“O-oh. Well, uh, s-sir–”
“Don’t call me sir.”
Izuku’s mouth clicks shut. Present Mic, obviously holding back laughter, crosses his arms
and leans against the wall. Izuku would try to edge his way closer to the door, but he’d have
to pass in front of Present Mic to do that, and surely the hero would notice, so he stays
exactly where he is, rooted to the spot.
“Why did you even pick her up?” Present Mic asks, words trembling with his amusement.
“Didn’t want her biting the kid.”
“How’s that going for you?”
“Well, she’s not biting the kid, is she?”

“Present Mic, sir,” Izuku begins weakly, unsure of what he is meant to say or do.
Present Mic turns to him with a friendly grin. “No sir for me, either! Name’s Yamada
Hizashi! You can call me Hizashi, Yamada, Zashi – whatever you’re comfortable with. Sho,
just put her down, she’ll be fine.”
Grumbling in a manner slightly too reminiscent of the cat in his arms, Eraserhead drops the
animal. It’s off in a shot, whistling like a teakettle, as it charges straight for Present Mic, takes
several laps around his ankles, crashes into the wall, then zooms off to disappear down the
hallway.
Izuku wonders if all cats are like that. He’s never had one of his own. His mother was
allergic, and Tomura never liked animals, so he’s only ever seen alleyway strays. It’s hard to
believe that cats would be so popular if that’s what they’re like, but Eraserhead and Present
Mic don’t seem to find anything abnormal about the situation.
Present Mic snaps his fingers, spinning away from the wall to stand in front of Izuku. “Okay,
how about this! I’ll show you your room, you can put your stuff down, and then we’ll talk
business. Sound good?”
When Izuku nods, Present Mic leads the way down the hall, walking backwards as he gives a
brief narration of the space. He nearly trips over a stray cat toy but recovers with the grace
Izuku would suspect of a pro hero, reflexes kicking in immediately.
“Saw that,” Eraserhead says from where he has collapsed on the couch.
“No, you didn’t!” Present Mic calls back. He raps a quick fist on one of the doors they pass.
A growl bubbles up from the other side. “This is Bastard’s closet! Don’t go in there!” Izuku
only realizes that there is a cat flap in the door when Present Mic sidesteps the paw that
swipes out of it. “And this,” Present Mic continues, pushing open a slightly ajar door, “is
your room!”
There is a banner hung on the wall over the bed, a sting of silver bubble letters that loudly
proclaims, “IT’S A BOY!” each word separated by a bright blue heart. There’s confetti
scattered around the room, flecks of white and blue breaking up the otherwise pristine
neatness of a well-kept but unused guest room. Present Mic groans, half a complaint and half
a laugh as he crosses the room to start swiping the debris off the bedspread while Izuku
lingers in the doorway.
“Sorry, sorry,” he says. “Nemuri – uh, that is Kayama Nemuri, Midnight, she’s a friend of
ours. Anyway, she found out about you last night – because I may have had a little incident
with my quirk that shook the entire building when Sho told me – and she never misses an
opportunity to try to give Sho some grey hairs, you know?”
Of course, Izuku does not know in the slightest. He has never had many friends to begin with,
and these days he has none at all. But the question was rhetorical, so he nods anyway. Still
brushing off the blankets, Present Mic picks up a piece of confetti, squints at it, pulls a face,
then flicks it across the room.

He clears his throat. “Anyway, we can vacuum all this up in a bit. For now, just put your stuff
down and we’ll go back out and talk. Yeah?”
“Yeah,” Izuku returns after a moment. Present Mic seems enthused by the response, despite
the hesitant way Izuku spoke.
In the living room, Eraserhead is still laying on the couch, eyes closed, breathing deeply.
Only a few minutes have passed, definitely not enough for the hero to have fallen asleep, but
he certainly does a great job of looking as if he has. Present Mic leans over the back of the
sofa and whispers something that causes Eraserhead to snort loudly.
“Of course she did,” he says, not opening his eyes. Present Mic snickers. “It’s not funny.”
“No, no, not even a little,” Present Mic agrees, serious for half a second before breaking into
giggles that he muffles against the couch cushions. Eraserhead huffs a laugh of his own,
nearly knocking heads with Present Mic as he sits up.
“Hey, kid – come sit down.” He inclines his head towards the side of the couch his legs just
vacated. Izuku sits in the far corner, pulling his knees up with him.
“I’ll start dinner,” Present Mic says. “You give him the lowdown.” Present Mic presses a kiss
to the top of Eraserhead’s hair, and Izuku watches this exchange the same way he has
watched all their others, an attentive intruder.
“You want us to call you Izuku, right?” Eraserhead asks as Present Mic, already humming
under his breath, walks towards to kitchen.
Izuku’s conflicted feelings on the topic of his name have not resolved in the slightest, still
churning around in his gut, a million questions about who he is, and who he was, and who he
wants to be all overlapping and unanswered. But, at this point, he is accustomed enough to
the uncomfortable sensation that he only hesitates for a moment before nodding.
“Y-yes, sir.”
“No sirs. No Eraserheads, either. Just call me Aizawa. Or Shouta.”
When the hero says nothing more, Izuku realizes he is waiting for a response and shifts
uncomfortably. He opens his mouth, but nothing comes out. Eraserhead sighs. His eyes, far
too intense for how concealed they are, burn against Izuku’s skin. Izuku closes his mouth,
catching his lip between his teeth. He has already messed up, hasn’t he? He doesn’t know
how to navigate this minefield of names and foreign domesticity and – and cats.
“We’ll work on it,” Eraserhead decides, finally turning his scorching gaze away, looking to
the kitchen where Present Mic sways to the music in his head. “Until then, at least call me
Eraser. It’s shorter. You can call Hizashi Mic. Is that better?”
“Yes. E-Eraser.” It still feels stiff and unnatural to say, but as long as Izuku can force it out of
his throat, he’ll bear it.
“Moving on to the cats, then. We’ve got three. You’ve met Bastard.”

“H-her name is…” Izuku trails off.
“Bastard,” Eraserhead – Eraser – repeats. Izuku buries his grimace in his knees. “It used to be
Feral Bastard, but she got less feral after a few years so now she’s just Bastard.”
“Less… feral?” Izuku stares dubiously down the hallway, where an occasional clatter floats
out of the closet.
“Oh, yeah. She’s mostly harmless, now. She will bite you, but that’s just what she does. She
usually doesn’t break skin.” Eraser has several raw marks around his fingers, beaded up with
blood, that beg to differ, but Izuku doesn’t point out the inconsistency. “If she tries to scratch
you, then she’s actually mad, leave her alone. Mostly just stay away from her closet and
you’ll be fine.
“The other two are Disco and Cumulus – we just call him Lucy. Pretty sure they’re off hiding
somewhere. They’re not going to give you any problems, Bastard is the problem cat. Hizashi
or I’ll point them out when they show themselves. What else…”
“Business!” Present – no, just Mic – prompts from the kitchen.
“Right. Well, the important stuff was all covered in Nedzu’s proposal. If you want or need
anything, ask me or Hizashi. He’s probably going to try to drag you out shopping tomorrow
to get you some more clothes and stuff for your room, but if that’s too much too soon, I can
run interference for you. At UA, you’ll be under the supervision of one of us or Nedzu. Only
approved quirk use, so those suppressant bands will need to stay on most of the time. They’re
not giving you any problems, are they?” Izuku shakes his head. “Can you show me?”
Izuku stretches his arm out, twisting his wrist back and forth under Eraserh– Eraser’s
attentive gaze. After four days, there is a small red mark on of each of Izuku’s wrists, where
the metal of the bands occasional rubs against the jut of bone there. The abrasion isn’t bad at
all, a minor irritation that Izuku hardly notices, lost in the shadow of the pain in his chest, but
Eraser still tsks in disapproval.
“We’ll talk to Recovery Girl on Monday, see if she can help with that,” he says as Izuku
draws his wrists back into his lap, hiding them behind his knees. What’s the big deal, Izuku
wonders, staring at that small red spot. It’s not as if it hurts, not really. “It might not seem like
much now,” Eraser adds, as if reading Izuku’s mind, “but it’ll get worse if we just leave it.
She’ll want to check on you, anyway. How’s your shoulder?”
“My shoulder?”
“You were shot a week ago,” Eraser says, deadpan.
A dull ache pulses through Izuku’s shoulder at the reminder, echoing down his arm. The
wound was almost entirely healed less than 24 hours after he received it, but the memory of
the pain resurges like it has been recorded in his scar tissue. Thoughtlessly, he brings a hand
up and presses a thumb into the knotted indent in his skin through his shirt. Just a week ago,
Izuku was shot. He was shot, and Tomura threatened to go on a rampage for him, and his
father pet his hair and told him he was safe.

“I’m fine,” Izuku says, digging his thumb into the scar until the memory ache is replaced by a
real one. “It d-doesn’t h-hu-hurt, anym-more.” Izuku is so tired of crying, which only makes
his sob all the more bitter when it bubbles out. Eraserhead reels for a moment at the sudden
decline in Izuku’s mood, blinking cluelessly while Izuku scrubs at his eyes and tries to
regulate his breathing before he starts hyperventilating.
“Damn it. Zashi!”
“Hey there, Greenbean,” Present Mic says, crouching in front of Izuku in two seconds flat.
Present Mic reaches out slowly, clearly projecting his movements, not backing away this
time, even when Izuku huddles further into the corner of the couch. Without consciously
intending to, Izuku has tangled one of his hands into his hair, tugging painfully at a fistful of
his curls. Present Mic pulls Izuku’s hand away from the scar in his shoulder and gently
untangles the hand in his hair.
“You’re alright,” he soothes, holding both of Izuku’s hands in firm, grounding grips. He must
have taken his gloves off when he started making dinner, because his skin is warm against
Izuku’s – no, it’s hot, searing, painfully melting the layer of permafrost that lives just under
Izuku’s skin. “Everything’s going to be okay, you’re safe here.”
Phantom whispers curl through Izuku’s ears like smoke. They stain the insides of his skull
black, leave ash against his brain, a blanket of death and decay over every thought. You’re
safe here. You can rest now.
“Come on,” Present Mic says once Izuku’s hands stop twitching in his hold. “Let’s get you to
your room, yeah? You could probably use some rest, it’s been a long–” he hesitates, soft
smile flickering slightly, “–well, it’s been a long week, hasn’t it? You can eat later if you feel
up to it.”
Present Mic’s knees pop as he stands from his crouched position, tugging lightly at Izuku’s
arms until he stands as well. Eraserhead stands with them but does not follow, his dark figure
looming in the living room, still and uncanny, as Present Mic leads Izuku back to the
bedroom that is apparently his now.
Present Mic walks Izuku all the way to the bed. “Sorry there’s still confetti everywhere. I
think I got most of it off the bed but vacuuming the rest up will have to wait. Just… don’t pay
too much attention to it, yeah?”
Izuku nods numbly, crawling into the bed and curling up on top of the covers. Izuku balls
himself up on blankets that smell of foreign laundry detergent and tries not to think too hard
about things like what he has done, or when Tomura will come to kill him, or whether his
father is watching from same place beyond and jeering at him.
Present Mic hums behind him. “Alright. Well. I guess I’ll give you some privacy. Just don’t
close the door, okay? If you need anything, you can always shout.”
Quiet falls over the room, and the demons in Izuku’s head creep out of the cracks between his
thoughts, thriving in the silence the way shadows thrive in the dark. Izuku presses his hands

tight to his chest, feels his heart thudding beneath his palms. He reminds himself that he is
alive. He is uncertain if that is a good thing.
Izuku is a haunted person. His body is a vessel for shades and sin. A living monument for
death, and who keeps something like that alive?
Present Mic speaks again from the doorway, and the monsters scatter at the sound of his
voice, like cockroaches fleeing the light. “How about that hug, huh?”
Izuku doesn’t let himself think about it. If he thinks, he’ll say no, because that’s the right
thing to say. But if he says no, Present Mic will leave and Izuku will all alone with the ghosts,
and they will push at the cracks of him until he falls to pieces. If he thinks, he’ll say no, but
he wants to say yes – wants to say it so very, very badly, even if it is the wrong thing to say.
He is so cold, and his skin doesn’t feel like his own, and he is starving for something he is not
supposed to have but doesn’t know how to live without, and the only time he has stopped
feeling like he is about to turn to dust when Present Mic held his hands.
Izuku rolls halfway over, stretching out an arm towards the door without thinking or looking.
If he thinks, he’ll say no, and if he looks, he’ll have to think. He reaches out, and unseen,
unthought of, Present Mic reaches back, grabbing Izuku by the elbow and pulling him into
his arms.
Izuku has been so cold for so long that it hurts to thaw. Life stings when frozen blood finally
creeps back into nearly-dead tissue. Sometimes he feels like he should be covered in the
bitter reds and necrotic blacks of frostbite. He’ll look at himself and think that it’s a miracle
he has all of his fingers and toes when he has been freezing for years. Maybe he has lost other
bits of himself, instead.
But Present Mic is warm. He is warm and he smells like leather and some kind of citrusy hair
product, and he holds Izuku just tightly enough that he can feel the solid resistance of his own
bones, just tightly enough to keep Izuku’s soul from trying to slip out of his skin.
And Present Mic doesn’t pull away, he just keeps holding Izuku perfectly tight, even when
Izuku starts crying again, even when Izuku can’t cry anymore and just breathes long,
shuddering breaths. Present Mic doesn’t pull away, even when Izuku’s eyelids start to flutter,
and his fingers go slack and fall limp.
Izuku falls asleep with a heartbeat in his ears, loud enough to drown out the screams of the
ghosts that usually follow him into unconsciousness. He sleeps and he hears, you’re safe
here, you can rest now, and this time it sounds like a blessing in more ways than one.

Chapter End Notes

More memes:
Mischief: X X X X X X X
Roman: X

Surya: X
Zombs: X
Izuku: I need to go to jail
Aizawa: You need to go to THERAPY
Yamada, looking at Izuku’s journals: Is this me?
Izuku: Oh, yeah. It’s just a simple analysis of your strength and weaknesses, ways to
defeat you, stuff like that. I even drew your costume and gear.
Yamada, tearing up: This is going on the fridge as soon as we get home
(cut scene, rip)
Aizawa: Bastard. Bastard, look at me.
Bastard: *bites*
Aizawa: This is important you little heathen. Listen. You WILL be nice to this child
Bastard: *shrieks*
(later, after Bastard bites Izuku)
Aizawa: Damn it, Bastard, we TALKED about this!
Next chapter: High Spec (Part I?)
Update: Jan 28 OR Feb 4
I have a lot of work to do on my manuscript, so I might skip next week, but at least
Izuku finally got his hug, right?

Chapter 16: High Spec
Chapter Notes

This is the Montage Chapter, which means it’s long (11k!), all over the place (15
scenes!), and actually has hardly any Nedzu in it, despite being named after him (sorry
Nedzu, RIP). I didn’t want to split it up because a) montage! and b) the sports festival is
next! so you’re getting A LOT all at once.
Memes! From the Discord!
Alttu: X
Cloud: X X X X X X X X
Egg: X X X
Finch: X X X X X X X
Hound: X
Nellie: X X X
Oscine: X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

This is how the end begins:
Tomura stands in the doorway of Izuku’s room. The bed is made far too neatly, smooth
covers with perfectly tucked corners, as if Izuku cared about those things when he normally
just roughly pulled the blankets up and called that good enough. It looks more like Kurogiri’s
work than Izuku’s, but Tomura knows that Kurogiri has not been in here since – since.
Crossing from the doorway into the room is too easy. It feels like a barrier should pop up to
stop him, like he should face some kind of resistance, something more solid than stagnant air.
He sits on the bed, throwing himself down and squirming slightly to muss up the too-perfect
blankets. To make it look like someone lives here – because someone does, someone did.
Tomura pulls Izuku’s phone out of his pocket. There is no lock on it. There’s not much of
anything at all on it.
Three numbers – Sensei’s, Kurogiri’s, and Tomura’s own.
A few puzzle games.
A news app.
Less than a dozen photos.
Only one of them is of Izuku. That’s the one Tomura stares at. He zooms in past his own face,
scrunched up and unimpressed, until Izuku fills the screen, beaming and enthusiastic. He

looks happy, Tomura thinks. Tomura had thought he was happy. Maybe not all the time, but
in general, certainly. Happy with Tomura. They had been happy, hadn’t they?
“Ah,” Kurogiri’s voice breaks the silence, “I was wondering where his phone went.” His
voice is carefully neutral, smooth and slippery enough that Tomura can’t get a grip on what
he’s thinking.
“He’ll want it when he comes back.”
“Shigaraki Tomura. He is not coming back.” Kurogiri says nothing more, standing in the
doorway like there is a barrier there, like there is no going back if he crosses it.
Maybe he’s right. Maybe there’s no going back. Tomura stares at Izuku’s face and wonders if
anything he thought he knew is true. Not happy, not here, not coming back.
Tomura’s middle finger, suspended, shaking, eats away at the device the moment it makes
contact. Within seconds, the screen in his hands glitches into a distorted mosaic of red, green,
and blue, then flickers into black.
This is how the end begins – not with a bang, but with the soft whisper of dust floating onto
the bed of an unlived-in room.

Izuku doesn’t look anything like himself.
Maybe that’s a good thing. A chance to remake himself, starting right here with the UA
uniform.
Or maybe he is just a child playing dress up.
A week ago, Tomura had entered the bar in this same uniform and Izuku had mocked him for
it. If Tomura could see him now, he would return the favor. He would take one look at Izuku
and immediately tear into the poor attempt Izuku made at tying his tie, as if Tomura hadn’t
needed to look up how to do his own. Izuku can imagine it so vividly he is almost surprised
that Tomura isn’t lounging on the bed when he turns away from the mirror.
Lucy is there instead, splayed out in the warm spot that Izuku just recently left. He can see
bright bits of blue confetti caught up in the fluff of Lucy’s belly and grimaces. Izuku knows
relatively little about Midnight’s civilian personality, but apparently her sense of humor
aligns with her hero theming, since the confetti she had covered Izuku’s new room in is penis
shaped. Present Mic – just Mic, Izuku reminds himself – had vacuumed the confetti up the
morning after Izuku arrived, but it is still popping up everywhere, even outside of the
bedroom. Lucy startles slightly when Izuku crosses the room and reaches out to start
combing the offending debris away but doesn’t otherwise protest. Lucy is the easiest of the
cats, Izuku has already realized – a big ball of fluff, lazy and sweet, like the clouds he is

named for. As apprehensive as Izuku still is about Bastard, if most cats are actually like Lucy,
he can understand why people like them so much.
Izuku scoops the fluffball up, cradling him in his arms like a baby, and Lucy makes an
appropriately pathetic and high-pitched chirp in response, blue eyes round and guileless. An
abundance of long white fur is immediately deposited along the front of Izuku’s slate grey
jacket. He’ll probably never be able to get all the fur out after handling Lucy like this, but
maybe that will help the clothes to feel less like a costume he will never fit into and more like
his. Less like fantasy and more like reality.
He carries Lucy out into the living room, hovering near the mouth of the hallway as he
watches Mic dance around the kitchen while Eraser sits on a stool with his forehead resting
against the counter. Mic exclaims when he sees Izuku, and somewhere unseen in the kitchen,
likely bouncing along with Mic’s movements, Disco meows.
“Look at you! You’re rocking that uniform, kiddo!”
Eraser lifts his head, glaring blearily over to Izuku. “What did you do to your tie?” he asks,
frankly.
Izuku hesitates. “Tied it?”
“I swear, if my arms weren’t in casts–”
“Come on, Sho, I think he looks great! Very fashionable.” Mic spares Izuku an over-dramatic
wink while Eraser grumbles to himself.
Izuku takes his own seat at the counter, dropping Lucy in his lap as he sits. Hands free, he
immediately fiddles with his tie, wondering if he has any hope of fixing it on his own. From
his stool, he can see Disco enthusiastically twisting and twining through Mic’s ankles. He
wonders where Bastard is for half a second before the question is answered by a dull pinch
on the side of his foot. It hardly hurts, but Izuku still jumps. Lucy trills quietly as he is
jostled. Bastard yowls, presses her belly to the ground, and darts off. Disco meows after her,
less disjointed, but just as loud.
Eraser groans. “Shut up. It’s too early for this. The both of you spawned straight from hell.”
“They’re not that bad,” Mic defends, even as Bastard and Disco start to shout back and forth
to each other.
“Says the one who can turn his hearing off. You and Lucy are lucky.”
“You ready to face the day, Greenbean?” Mic asks, ignoring Eraser’s grumbling.
No, Izuku thinks, staring at the dark green bands around the cuffs of his sleeves, at the glint
of metal on his wrists beneath them.
“Sure,” he says.

“Well?” Katsuki asks, casting a critical eye over Hobo-Sensei’s small and plain office. “What
do you want?”
“This is about Midoriya Izuku,” Hobo-Sensei says without preamble. If there’s one thing
Katsuki can appreciate about the man, it’s that he doesn’t bother with beating around the
bush. Katsuki sits up straighter, appropriately attentive.
“Have they caught him, then?”
“Not exactly. He turned himself in last week.” Something cold drips down Katsuki’s spine
and he fights against a shudder. Hobo-Sensei watches Katsuki, eyes too keen for how tired
and bloodshot they are, before continuing, “Due to his circumstances, it has been decided that
the most appropriate course of action for him is a rehabilitation program here at UA.”
The cold caressing Katsuki’s vertebrae freezes, crackling along his nervous system like a
painful frost. A small explosion pops across his palm without thought. His quirk is a hot and
alive comfort beneath his skin, exactly where it should be. Hobo-Sensei’s eyes narrow in on
the tick.
“I know the two of you have history–”
“No,” Katsuki interrupts. “Find something else to do with him.”
“I’m telling you this as a courtesy. The decision has already been made.”
“Well make a new one!” Katsuki yells, standing to slam his hands against his teacher’s desk.
His chair skids back as he abandons it, screeching across the ground. The desk is already
battered and bruised, so the scorches Katsuki adds to the mess don’t really mean much, but
the man still watches Katsuki’s fit of temper with a deeply unimpressed air about him that
only serves to make Katsuki more irate.
“Bakugou. This isn’t up to you.”
“Like hell it isn’t! This is my school, and I don’t fucking want him here!”
“He already is. He started today.”
Words failing, Katsuki yells something incoherent, slamming his fist hard enough against the
desk that everything on top of it rattles. The sparks in his hands, growing progressively larger
and more aggressive, splutter and die in a fraction of a second.
“This tantrum is unbecoming, Bakugou,” Hobo-Sensei says, irises shining faintly red through
his bandages. Katsuki calls to his quirk, but there is only an echo where there is supposed to
be an answer. He collapses backward, barely catching himself on the edge of the chair he
pushed away.

“I understand you have history,” the hero says, distant through the ringing in Katsuki’s ears.
“I’m letting you know now so you won’t be caught off guard if you see him. I don’t expect
you to befriend him or even speak to him. But I do expect you to control yourself. Ignore
him, if you have to.”
With a blink, Katsuki’s quirk is back. He stares at the orange light of combustion against his
skin and closes his fist around it, like that will ensure it cannot be taken from him. Like if he
can only hold on tightly enough, no one will ever be able to snatch it away.
“Look, kid,” Hobo-Sensei sighs, “I understand where you’re coming from. But Midoriya
isn’t the problem.” No, of course not. Because Deku is never the problem. No, Deku is
always helpless and innocent and Katsuki is the problem. Katsuki is the one who gets fucked
over and needs to apologize for it while Deku plays victim. “If you ever want to talk about
it,” Sensei continues, “I can make you an appointment with Hound Dog.”
Talk about it? And say what? That Deku was a fucking thief who stole quirks? And how does
that make you feel? Helpless. Weak. Scared. Fucking pissed, that’s how. Katsuki doesn’t need
any kind of doctor to poke around his head and tell him how he’s supposed to feel, thanks.
Katsuki has it all under control.

Hitoshi pulls at his lower eyelid. Scrunches up his nose. Sticks his tongue out. He presses a
hand to his hair, making it lay flat against his head, but that just makes his forehead look too
big. His hair springs back up as soon as he stops restraining it, anyway. The amount of gel it
would take to hold it down would make his look just as stupid as he does leaving it loose.
“You’re anxious about something,” his father says, leaning against the bathroom door with a
mug cupped between his hands. Hitoshi side-eyes him, leaning away from the mirror, as if he
hadn’t been inspecting his reflection for the better part of the last five minutes.
“What gave you that idea?”
“You only preen when you’re anxious.”
“Gee, thanks for the helpful psychoanalysis, Dad,” Hitoshi says dryly, resisting the urge to
start futzing with his hair again.
“Hey, you asked,” his father replies as Hitoshi pushes past him. “That’s not even
psychoanalysis, really. More just basic observation.”
“Sure, whatever you say, Dr. Dad. Is there still coffee in the pot?”
“What, am I not allowed to know things about my own son, now?”
“Coffee?”

His father sighs. “Of course there’s still coffee. But – you can only have some if you tell me
what’s bothering you.”
“Resorting to bribery now, are you?” Hitoshi asks, grabbing a mug as his father speeds ahead
of him to snatch the coffee pot up and hold it out of reach.
A shrug. “If it works.”
“The sports festival is next week,” Hitoshi answers, words clipped, holding his mug out
expectantly. His father measures the response for a moment before filling the mug halfway.
Hitoshi eyes the deficit, unimpressed. “How do I get the rest?”
“Tell me why the sports festival is bothering you.”
“It’s the biggest televised sporting event in the nation. Forgive me for being nervous about
that.” Hitoshi injects as much sarcasm as he can into his voice and tries to avoid fidgeting too
obviously, even as he wants to squirm beneath his father’s assessing gaze, a more vibrant
purple than Hitoshi’s own lavender.
“If it’s just stage fright, you have nothing to worry about. No one will be watching you.”
The muscle of Hitoshi’s jaw ticks as he clenches his teeth. His father notices, of course,
targeting the small spasm like a hawk fixated on its prey. Why not take notes, while he’s at it?
Like Hitoshi is just another patient for his father to pick apart and diagnose all the ways he’s
fucked in the head. He swallows the thoughts before he can voice them, bitter against the
back of his tongue.
“Oh, they’ll be watching me,” he says instead, tilting his chin up defiantly. “I’m going to
win.”
His father sighs again, but fills Hitoshi’s mug the rest of the way, nodding to the table.
Hitoshi hesitates a moment before sitting, steeling his face as blank as he can manage,
projecting indifferent exhaustion.
“You still want to transfer?”
“Yes,” Hitoshi bites out, frustrated that the question even needs asking.
Heroics is all Hitoshi has ever wanted. Sure, he failed the entrance exam. Crashed and
burned, actually, like a graceless disaster. But what else was he supposed to do, with the deck
stacked against him? Give up, he supposes. At least, if you asked his father, anyway. Write it
off as a failure – too bad, so sad – move on to be a therapist or some other perfectly
respectable profession. Let a dream of a decade die in two weeks.
But oh, Hitoshi forgot – he doesn’t have dreams. No, he has spite and a contrary disposition.
Well, maybe his father is right. Maybe Hitoshi is spiteful; maybe he’s contrary. But he’s
going to show the world just how far those things can take him.

Izuku does not slot naturally into the household. Sometimes movies and television will act
like family is this destined thing, like groups of people just fit together, without effort or
growing pains. Shouta thinks it stands acknowledging that there is nothing easy or natural
about making a family – if that really is what they are making, here. This is neither a good
thing nor a bad thing; it simply is.
The fact of the matter is that Shouta and Hizashi have been living together for over a decade,
and now there is a third body in their space. A third person, with thoughts and feelings, wants
and needs, completely separate from their insular rhythm of two. Sometimes Shouta will try
to flop down on the couch, and he will have to stop himself before he body slams a
traumatized teenager who is still incredibly wary of physical contact. Sometimes Hizashi will
take out his hearing aids only to put them right back in again because the kid doesn’t know
any sign language, yet.
No, there is nothing natural about it. Sometimes it is a bit cramped to squeeze Izuku in,
sometimes their edges grind together uncomfortably as they learn to fit around each other. It
is new and it is odd. But Shouta can’t say he minds.
Izuku, sitting on the couch, shoots Shouta a look where he sprawls in the armchair. The kid
has been darting him looks since they got home, glancing back and forth between Shouta and
Bastard, who has been stalking him since they walked through the door, creeping along,
closer and closer until she can lunge out and nip him. He looks at Bastard, sitting on the other
side of the couch and staring at him intently, and then back to Shouta. The kid’s eyes are
nervous no matter where he’s looking, like Shouta is just as likely to bite him as Bastard is.
Bastard keeps her eyes on Izuku, her stunted half-tail swaying like a metronome behind her.
Izuku watches her back, out of the corner of his eye, hands tucked into his sleeves and then
cradled between his knees where she can’t get to them. As apprehensively as he stares at her,
the kid handles her attention with good grace.
“It means she likes you,” Shouta tells him. Bastard slinks an inch closer to the kid while his
attention shifts to Shouta.
“I know,” he says, soft and wary. “She’s never h-hurt me, it’s just…”
“Startling?” Shouta offers. The kid nods. “Consider it training.”
“T-training?”
“You want to be a hero, right? Well, it pays to not startle easy.”
Bastard pounces, going for Izuku’s hands and then rolling around in his lap when she can
only get his sleeves. She rights herself and then launches away. Izuku winces as her claws dig
into his legs on takeoff. Shouta chuckles under his breath, less a laugh and more a half-huff
of air. It earns him a thin smile in response, cautious and uncertain, but neither forced nor
fake, which is the best they’ve gotten out the kid so far.

“What are you thinking?” Shouta asks when the kid goes back to shooting him nervous looks.
Obviously, Izuku has something to say, squirming and side eyeing Shouta the way he has
been all day. But Shouta and Hizashi learned quickly that the kid wouldn’t say anything
without prompting. Hizashi would probably think of a gentler way to ask, to coax it out of the
kid without making him jump the way Shouta just did, but short and to the point is really the
only way Shouta knows how to handle things.
“I could heal you,” the kid blurts in response after an expectant moment of silence.
Immediately, he flushes and shakes his head, stuttering, “I-I know I’m not – I’m not m-meant
to use my q-quirks out-outside of t-training, but I – I have a he-healing one, and Rec-covery
G-girl, she – she hasn’t b-been able t-to heal you y-yet, and, and it’s my f-fault, so–”
“It’s not your fault,” Shouta interrupts, putting a quick end to the rambling. Izuku ducks his
head, face a bright red that makes his freckles look odd against his skin. “Recovery Girl is
healing me, it’s just a process.”
“I could h-help, though,” Izuku says, softly.
Shouta knows exactly what the kid is offering. Shuzenji’s quirk utilizes the patient’s stamina
to accelerate the healing process, which is a limited resource for someone as perpetually
exhausted and sleep deprived as Shouta. But somewhere on the ridiculously long manifest of
quirks Izuku has collected is a healing quirk that uses the owner’s energy. A quirk like that
would be able to take care of Shouta’s injuries no problem, but Izuku would be the one to pay
for it.
“Not your job, kid. We’re the ones taking care of you, alright? You don’t have to worry about
us.” As an afterthought, Shouta adds, “Thank you.”
This is the first lesson Izuku needs to learn – you are not expendable; you are no less
important than anyone else. Based on the misplaced disappointment dimming the kid’s eyes,
it will be a lesson long in the making. Thankfully, Shouta has plenty of experience shoving
hard lessons through thick skulls.

“Perhaps we should find a new place to stay for a time,” Kurogiri says blandly as the police
on the other side of the monitor overturn the entire warehouse searching for a speck of
evidence.
“No,” Tomura argues, nails digging into his neck. “They won’t find anything.”
“Of course not.” Kurogiri sounds vaguely affronted by the implication that his cleaning of the
warehouse would have been in any way subpar. “But they shouldn’t have known where to
look in the first place.”

“It’s one warehouse, with nothing in it. Everything sensitive was cleared out. We’re fine.”
“Shigaraki Tomura. We’re compromised.”
Tomura scrubs his nails against his shirt to clear away the clotted blood that has caught
beneath them. Kurogiri is right, as much as Tomura hates to admit it. If the police have the
location of the warehouse, they have to assume that they have the location of the bar, as well.
Tomura knows this, but the sting in his neck does nothing to distract from the gnawing ache
in his chest. He imagines Sensei sitting at the bar, imagines Izuku sitting next to him.
Imagines all four of them eating dinner together while Izuku tries to restrain his excitement
over some fight he saw on the news. He imagines it, and it fucking hurts in a way that
Tomura can’t stand.
Where did it go wrong? How had they gone from that to this? This – where Sensei is dead,
and brothers have become enemies, and homes have been compromised. Where’s the
divergence point? What butterfly effect rippled out and led Tomura to this bad ending? What
decision did he make that led to the world sitting up and saying, “we will remember that;”
what did he fucking do?
He should have killed Izuku when he had the chance. There are still scars on the floor of the
bar from the first time that brat stole Decay, still scars around Tomura’s wrist, carved into
him like a shackle to his own goddamned mistakes. Tomura should have struck the brat down
the moment he recognized him as a threat. Instead, he let himself be fooled, complacent and
content, telling himself that they were brothers.
Cain and fucking Abel, maybe.
There’s only one way the story ends.

“Young Midoriya, there you are.”
Izuku blinks at the scraggly blonde man who just stuck his head into the infirmary. All Might,
Izuku recalls after a moment. Somehow, this man was meant to be All Might. It had seemed
absurd when Izuku first figured it out – a kneejerk assumption from an offhand comment that
couldn’t possibly be correct, a misunderstanding made when Izuku hadn’t been thinking
clearly. But any doubt on the matter had been eradicated when Tsukauchi had solemnly
impressed the need for secrecy and discretion on Izuku.
Looking closely, Izuku can see the resemblance. All Might’s bulk and boom is such a
seemingly inherent part of him that it is hard to separate him from it, but this man, as thin and
sickly as he is, has the same intense look about his deeply set eyes.
“Yagi,” Eraser says from the bed Recovery Girl herded him to. His voice is flat and dry, like
always, but after nearly a week living with the heroes, Izuku can tell that his voice is slightly

more flat and dry than its default state.
All Might – Izuku tucks the name Yagi away in the back of his head – spares Eraser a strained
smile before looking back to Izuku. “I was hoping to speak with you, my boy.”
“Well, you’ve found him. Speak.”
“Ah – in private?”
“No.” Eraser delivers his rejection without bothering to look at All Might, who deflates in the
doorway and hovers there, rebuffed but unwilling to leave. He casts small, beseeching
glances in Izuku’s direction, as if Izuku is supposed to somehow rectify the situation.
“Well, it’s really quite important,” All Might insists, though weakly, drawing back slightly so
his chin only just crosses through the infirmary doors. Eraser shoots him a deeply
unimpressed look, but Mic intercepts the glare, rising from his seat on the side of the bed to
stand between them with his hands raised in passive mediation.
“How about this! I’ll go along with Izuku and Yagi to discuss whatever it is that needs
discussing while you and Shuzenji finish up. Sound good?” All Might sags with relief, a
grateful smile splitting his face. Eraser doesn’t protest, which is as good as agreement,
coming from him. Mic claps. “Compromise! It’s great!”
Mic shuffles Izuku and All Might out of the infirmary to the teacher lounge. The couch isn’t
the best place to have a serious conversation, but it is the most comfortable place in the room,
so when Mic takes a seat there, Izuku follows his lead. All Might eyes the couch for a
moment before pulling a chair away from the table and setting it across from them.
“So, what’s this about?” Mic asks, genial but with a slight edge that Izuku hesitantly labels
protective. All Might sets his mouth in a grim line that makes the shadows around his eyes
seem darker. He nails Izuku in place with his gaze, and in that moment the resemblance
between this wraith of a man and the Symbol of Peace is more tangible than ever. He has the
look of a man who has been carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders for years.
“Does the name Shimura mean anything to you?” All Might asks after a long moment of
staring Izuku down.
Izuku hesitates, frowning. “S-should it?”
“All for One never mentioned anything about a Shimura Nana? Or a Shimura Tenko,
perhaps?”
“No,” Izuku replies, honest. “He doe– d-didn’t tell me m-much.” Izuku jumps slightly when
Mic places a hand on his shoulder, but he leans into the slight touch before the hero pulls
away, letting the warmth of it sink through his jacket with only a small measure of guilt.
“Who are they?” Mic asks when All Might provides no immediate elaboration.
“Shimura Nana was my… mentor. And Shimura Tenko is her grandson, though he apparently
went missing after the deaths of his family when he was only a child.”

Izuku’s eyes widen. He sits forward, unconsciously pulling away from Mic’s touch as he
leans closer to All Might. Several things click into place at once, the least of which being
why All Might wanted to speak to him to begin with.
“Tomura,” he breathes, half question and half epiphany.
It is a bit of a leap, perhaps, but to Izuku, many mysteries have just been solved at once.
Questions that he has been asking for the last five years suddenly have answers. Who Tomura
is, where he came from, why Izuku’s father took him in.
“Yes,” All Might confirms.
“The hand. I – I told Tsukauchi, it belonged to his biological father–”
“Shimura Kotaro.”
Izuku tries to stop his bottom lip from wobbling as he meets All Might’s eyes. The man
returns his gaze, serious and composed. Izuku wonders how much of Tomura’s life can be
attributed to All Might. All for One had had Tomura on puppet strings, pulling him around
every which way, and Izuku had hated to see it. How many of those strings had been attached
because of the old grudge between All for One and All Might? Who would Tomura have
been allowed to be if All Might’s shadow had never been cast over his life?
“So what?” Izuku asks. His voice is slightly too cold, a tone that makes Mic look at him
carefully and replace his hand on Izuku’s shoulder, squeezing gently. All Might tilts his head
slightly, a fraction of a degree. “So Tomura is – what? Related to someone you used to know?
And my father took him to get to you, there’s no doubt about that. I might not have known
the connection, but I know my father, and that’s exactly the kind of thing he’d do. So what?
What are you going to do about it?”
“I’m going to help him, of course,” All Might answers. “Nana wouldn’t want this for him.”
Izuku sits back, tension and defiant energy leaving him all at once. He turns the name
Shimura Tenko over in his head, rolls it silently around his tongue. It’s empty, meaningless.
But it has sparked a determined fire in All Might’s eyes.
What makes someone worth caring about? Why is Shimura Tenko any more worth helping
than Shigaraki Tomura? Why is Izuku’s brother a villain, while Shimura Nana’s grandson is a
victim? When does someone become a tragedy instead of another faceless statistic?
Izuku doesn’t know. It is frustrating to him, that anyone should be lost to these fickle
affections, that something as empty as a name should make the difference in whether or not
someone deserves help when they need it. For now, though, he buries the frustration beneath
relief. Because right here and right now, All Might’s reasons don’t matter.
Tomura does.

Katsuki is not a jumpy person. He doesn’t startle easily because he’s aware of his
surroundings. Situational awareness is an important skill for a hero, after all. He can’t just go
around letting any shitty extras get the jump on him – and they never do, because he’s
observant and attentive the way any hero who lives to move up the ranks needs to be.
The point is, if Deku was around, Katsuki would notice. So there’s no fucking point in
glancing over his shoulder or doing a double take whenever he so much as sees the color
green. It’s a goddamned bush, that’s all, and Katsuki is perfectly aware of that, thank you
very much.
And maybe Deku came out of nowhere at the USJ, but that wouldn’t happen again. Katsuki
just hadn’t expected to see him there – and he had no reason to, considering the thief was
supposed to be in the US, far, far away from Katsuki. He just didn’t notice Izuku because
there was no way Izuku was supposed to be there, he was supposed to be anywhere but there.
Now, Katsuki knows what to expect, so Deku won’t be catching him by surprise again.
Katsuki is better than that.
“Bakugou–”
Katsuki spins, one hand flying to the pin on his newly reconstructed gauntlet as he splays his
other palm out. Frog Face blinks at him, slow and deliberate, not flinching back even when
his palm sparks a little too close to her skin.
“What do you fucking want?” he bites out, trying to draw his fingers away from the pin
without calling attention to the fact that they had reflexively grabbed it to begin with.
“We’ve been partnered together,” she tells him, pointing to the other extras who are
branching off in pairs for the exercise.
“I fucking knew that.” He wonders when the pairings were announced, wonders how he
missed All Might calling his name. Probably Shitty Hair or Racoon Eyes was making some
kind of racket and drowned it out. They’ve latched onto Katsuki, despite his protests, and it
seems like one or the other is always yelling about something, and Katsuki can’t hear over
that shit.
Frog Face moves past him, leading the way to whatever corner she’s apparently decided
they’re going to discuss strategy in. Katsuki doesn’t tense as she passes through his
peripheral vision, doesn’t follow the green blur of her until his eyes ache from trying to
practically go back into his head. That would be – that would be fucking stupid, is what it
would be.

Hitoshi tends to get to school early. It’s a rare occasion that he actually manages to be asleep
when his alarm is meant to go off, so he finds himself with an abundance of early waking
hours. Largely, this time is devoted to drinking enough coffee to make up for the fact that he
shouldn’t be awake at all, but at some point, he has to either leave early or put up with his
father’s attempts at conversation, and Hitoshi almost always choses the former.
So, he gets to school early. Not obscenely so – he’s not usually the first one there, or anything
– but early enough that he can rest his head on his desk and pretend to sleep while the
classroom fills around him.
Today, he is walking with his earbuds jammed in and his head down and he doesn’t even
notice anyone else in the hallway until a solid few seconds after they crash into him, right
outside the doors of class 1-C.
“Shit,” he says, blinking at the other boy, who he just knocked right off his feet. Hitoshi
yanks at the wire of his earbuds, ripping them from his ears a little too roughly. The chord
jerks and dances around as he shoves them into his pocket. They’ll be tangled to hell later,
but whatever; picking the knots apart will just give him something to do.
The boy sits on the ground, blinking up with equal surprise. His eyes are big – really big,
maybe a bit too big, even – with bruises underneath, deep and dark enough to rival Hitoshi’s
own. There’s a notebook, laying open and face down about a foot away, presumably knocked
straight out of the guy’s hands when they collided. Hitoshi scrubs a hand across the back of
his neck, scowling at the hot feeling of a blush there, as he crouches down to pick the book
up. Some of the pages have crinkled and bent during their messy landing, and Hitoshi does
his best to smooth one of them out.
The red, spiky-haired kid from class 1-A stares back at him. A drawing of him, anyway. A
pretty good one, at that. Not perfect, but detailed and accurate enough that Hitoshi can clock
the dude on sight. The drawing is labeled, “KIRISHIMA EIJIRO.” Beneath that, “Quirk:
Hardening.” There is more writing from there – the entire two-page spread is filled with
small, cramped scribblings, interspersed with an occasional illustration. Hitoshi brings the
page closer to his face, squinting as he tries to make sense of it, but can only pick out a few
scattered words before the book is unceremoniously snatched from his hands.
The boy stands – and shit, Hitoshi meant to offer to help him up or something, he must look
like such an asshole – and clutches the journal to his chest, eyes looking bigger than ever for
how wide they have gone.
“I – s-sorry!” His voice is higher pitched than Hitoshi would have guessed. Maybe he’s
nervous. Or maybe he’s afraid. Hitoshi has never seen the kid before in his life, but he’s
wearing a uniform and he came out of 1-C, so it’s possible he knows some of Hitoshi’s
classmates. And it’s possible that they told this kid all about Hitoshi. And his quirk. Of
course he’s fucking nervous, then. They always are.
The boy is gone in an instant, before Hitoshi can say anything. Which is probably for the
best, since he knows himself well enough to admit that whatever came out of his mouth
probably would have been nasty. He gives himself a moment to sneer at the ground before
shaking it off, coaching his face back into tired blankness as he shoves the classroom door to

the side. Yamada-Sensei, feet kicked up on his desk, waves in greeting. Hitoshi ignores him
just as resolutely as he ignores his two classmates chatting in the back of the room, stalks to
his desk, pillows his heads on his arms, and promptly pretends to sleep.

The problem child isn’t sleeping. He pretends to. He goes into his room and turns the lights
off and doesn’t come out until morning. But every day the shadows under his eyes get just a
bit darker. Every day, he looks a bit more haggard, even as he shows other signs of
improvement – even as he offers small, hesitant smiles, as he flinches less and less from
touch. He’s either not sleeping or he’s sleeping poorly.
Shouta hopes it’s the first. He hopes the kid lays awake at night. As awful as it is, he’d rather
the kid be unable to sleep than to have his rest robbed from him by nightmares. Shouta hates
the thought of the kid, the child, waking in a cold sweat and crying to himself, alone in a dark
room with Shouta and Hizashi just down the hall. Shouta wants to think Izuku would come to
them, if he needed someone, but it is an irrefutable fact that Izuku would not. Not yet.
It’s only been a week, Shouta reminds himself. Izuku’s recovery is going to take years – and
that’s if they’re being optimistic, which certainly isn’t a trait anyone would normally ascribe
to Shouta. More realistically, Izuku might never fully recover. Shouta will do just about
anything to ensure that the kid finds happiness again – that’s a commitment he made when
they took Izuku in, and Shouta takes his commitments very seriously – but total recovery
isn’t necessarily a prerequisite to happiness.
Because loss isn’t always something you can just get over. Loss is a wound. In the beginning,
it is a bleeding, raw thing. You wonder if it will kill you. Sometimes, it does. Other times, it
gets better. You heal. Not always all at once – because sometimes stitches pop and skin tears
and the process starts all over again – but you heal.
Here’s the thing, though – healing is entirely different to never having been hurt at all. You’re
not good as new. Lost limbs don’t grow back. You end up with scar tissue and phantom pains,
and sometimes you can spend your entire life hurting from an old wound, long after the
bleeding has stopped.
Shouta lays sleepless in bed next to a softly snoring Hizashi, aching inside and out. His arms
and head, still in recovery; the knee he busted back in his early twenties, long since healed
but still protesting regularly; the middle of his back, just because age is catching up to him a
little faster than it probably should be. His lungs, his heart, because there is a kid down the
hallway – a kid Shouta is meant to be responsible for – who is probably suffering instead of
sleeping.
Hizashi sleeps like the dead, so Shouta doesn’t bother with caution as he sits up in bed,
stretching his bad knee a few times before trying to put his weight on it. Disco, curled up
against Hizashi’s spine, pops his head up curiously. He hops over Hizashi, unrepentantly

digging his back paws into his kidney as he goes. Hizashi mumbles something and roll onto
his stomach. Disco meows.
“It’s nearly 3AM,” Shouta replies. “Show some respect.”
Disco meows again, disrespectfully. He follows Shouta when he leaves the bedroom, trailing
too close to his ankles and nearly tripping him at every step. Down the hall, Izuku’s door is
still open a crack. If he feels that the “no closed doors” policy is a violation of his privacy, he
has never complained. He has never complained about anything at all, actually. Shouta will
probably mark the day he finally does down on the calendar – it’ll be something worth
celebrating.
Shouta leans against the wall next to the door. If he listens closely, he can hear Izuku
breathing. No tears, not that Shouta can hear, anyway. It’s improbable that the kid has learned
to cry while keeping his breathing so even, and Shouta certainly hasn’t seen any evidence
that that’s the case, but the possibility lodges uncomfortably in his throat when he tries to
swallow.
“You awake?” he asks into the darkness. Izuku’s breathing hitches, answer enough, but
Shouta won’t force the kid into conversation, if he wants to pretend he’s sleeping.
“Yeah.” Disco greets the new voice with another meow, pushing himself into the room in
pursuit. There is a faint sound of rustling blankets as Izuku makes a space on the bed for the
cat.
“Can I come in?”
Another pause, longer than the last. Shouta wonders if the problem child would say no even
if he wanted to. Izuku says, “Yeah.”
Diffuse moonlight spills through the bedroom window, just enough that Shouta can see Izuku
as he sits up, careful not to disturb Lucy, who has taken to sleeping in his bed. Disco shoves
his head eagerly against the boy’s hands, taking the initiative to use them to pet himself when
Izuku doesn’t do an enthusiastic enough job of it.
“Have you slept at all?”
“…Not yet.”
“That’s not healthy.”
“Have y-you slept?”
Shouta narrows his eyes. “I’m not healthy. Don’t tell Mic I admitted that.” Izuku hums
mildly, noncommittal and distracted. “What’s on your mind?”
Izuku is quiet for a long moment. Long enough that Shouta suspects he simply won’t get an
answer, and he won’t push – not at three in the morning when tears seem so much closer to
the surface than they do in the light of day, not when Zashi is asleep and unable to deescalate

any emotional upheavals that may occur. Izuku wraps his arms around Disco and pulls the cat
to his chest, ignoring the discontent squirming his hold elicits.
“What if I made the wrong choice?”
Shouta doesn’t bother asking what choice Izuku’s referring to. He crosses the room to sit on
the bed.
“Sometimes,” he begins, after careful consideration, “there is no right or wrong choice. Only
choices we have to live with.”
Perhaps it is not the right thing to say. It is not kind or gentle. But then again, neither is the
truth.
“What if…” Izuku whispers, too soft, trails off. “What if I can’t?” It’s a question that can
only be asked in darkness, with the comfort of shadows between you and whoever you are
addressing. Light can scare questions like these away. Not the thoughts – never those – but
the voicing of them.
“You can.” Shouta says it firmly, because he believes it. “You already are.”
Izuku hums again. Noncommittal. Distracted. Neither of them says anything more. Shouta
doesn’t leave the room until predawn light starts to leak over the horizon and through the
window, showing the kid slumped over, asleep in his pile of blankets.

“It’s been over a week,” Tomura says flatly.
“I’m aware,” Kurogiri replies, distracted.
Tomura’s eyebrow twitches. Being casually dismissed is nearly worse than being ignored. He
glares hard at the useless warp gate that has insisted they lock themselves away in this tiny
apartment that seems like it should have been condemned years ago. Kurogiri doesn’t
acknowledge him, knitting away at some shapeless thing he pulled out of nowhere on their
second day here. Spiteful, Tomura reaches over the gap between their seats and closes his
hand around the ball of vibrant purple and red yarn Kurogiri is working from.
“I’m tired of being here,” Tomura says. It’s not just a statement of fact – it’s a threat. But
Kurogiri hardly seems intimidated, sighing as he places his knitting needles in his lap.
Tomura kind of wants to snatch one of them up and see if he can use it to find Kurogiri’s
jugular, beneath all that mist.
“Why not go back to your games?”
“I’m in a mood for a new game. The most dangerous game.”

Smoke swirls around Kurogiri’s eyes as he tilts his head slightly. “That’s a different kind of
game. You’re getting your references crossed.”
Tomura squints, sneers. “Do I look like I care? What are you even talking about?”
“‘The Most Dangerous Game,’ a short story by–”
“Did you miss the part where I don’t care?” Tomura growls, shaking yarn-ash away from his
fingers with an agitated flick. “Why are we just sitting here when that little team killing
bastard is still alive?”
“And what is it you’d rather do instead?” Kurogiri asks, in that mild, patronizing way that
makes Tomura want to throttle him. Too often, Kurogiri speaks to Tomura as if he is nothing
but a foolish child. He forgets that Tomura was chosen by Sensei, taught by Sensei, trained
by Sensei – because Tomura is going to change the world, and Kurogiri will regret treating
him this way when he does.
“I am going to make him pay,” Tomura spits.
“And how are you planning to do that on your own?”
“I’m going to close my hands around his stupid little skull the way I should have done the
moment he stumbled into the bar–”
“How many times did the two of you spar in training?” Tomura scowls at the interruption,
panting. “And how many of those times did you win?”
“Shut up!” Tomura snaps. “Shut up, shut up, just shut the fuck up! He is going to get exactly
what he deserves for everything he did, and I am going to be the one to deal it out. I already
know all his dirty fucking cheat codes, and this time I am playing to win.”
Kurogiri, uncowed by Tomura’s fit of temper, hums. “Alone?”
Alone. Tomura feels the carefully enunciated word like it is being carved into his bones. Of
course he is going to do it alone. Alone is what he is, now. The game’s not cooperative
anymore; it’s competitive, PvP, Tomura against his player two. It’s every man for himself, a
battle royale with no teams to betray you.
“Did you forget your Sensei’s final lesson, Shigaraki Tomura?” Kurogiri asks. “No one can
do everything on their own.”
“Gather a team,” Tomura recalls. All at once, his anger dulls to nothing but a hum in the back
of his head as consideration shoves its way to the forefront of his thoughts.
“Precisely. The tasks before you have not changed. Gather your people, lead them, kill the
Symbol of Peace, change the world. And through the course of that, Shigaraki Izuku will be
dealt with.”
Tomura grinds his teeth, frustration surging again. “But how am I meant to do any of that
when you won’t let me leave this place?!”

“The sports festival is less than a week away.”
“What does that have to do with anything?” Tomura demands.
“The festival always provides a unique opportunity to gather information. It will be
especially valuable this year, with All Might’s new employment at the school and our past
encounter with the students of class 1-A. And this is something we can do without risking our
capture.”
Oh, excellent, just what Tomura was looking for. Still can’t leave this shithole apartment –
that is, apparently, too much to ask – but he’ll be able to watch some hero brats run around
and punch each other on national TV. Maybe that had been Izuku’s idea of a good time, but it
has never been Tomura’s.
The sports festival is only two days away. But that’s still two days of doing nothing, just
fucking waiting for a task he doesn’t even particularly want to do. He never cared about the
festival, when Izuku made him watch it. He doubts he’ll enjoy it any more, watching alone.

“Tell me, Izuku,” Nedzu begins abruptly, interrupting Izuku in the middle of his math
exercises, “what do you think would happen if you took Tokoyami Fumikage’s quirk?”
Izuku winces. Too often, Nedzu asks questions like this, either in the midst of their analysis
conversations or out of the blue. The principal seems as fascinated with Izuku’s quirk as he is
by whatever Izuku has to say about the quirks of the first-year hero students, who Nedzu has
assigned him full write ups on. Izuku supposes he would be curious, too, if the quirk weren’t
his own, but the line of inquiry is uncomfortable, nonetheless.
He is surprised it took Nedzu to ask about Tokoyami, specifically. The bird-headed boy likely
has one of the most interesting quirks in the class, and it’s powerful to boot, though largely
underestimated by those around him. Izuku purses his lips, math forgotten as he spins his
pencil idly between his fingers and contemplates the question.
“Tokoyami’s quirk doesn’t really make any sense,” Izuku eventually admits.
Nedzu’s eyes glint. “Oh?”
“As far as I can tell, Dark Shadow is legitimately sentient. It’s uncommon but not unheard of
for manifestation quirks like Dark Shadow to have a degree of personality, but a-as far as I
know, they don’t actually have wants or opinions – at least, not beyond those of their owner.”
Izuku clears his throat, feeling a bit foolish to be explaining this to a being who certainly
already understands it better than Izuku ever will. “It’s just, well… Dark Shadow isn’t like
that. She’s completely different to Tokoyami, and it seems like their goals sometimes actively
conflict.”

“What’s your theory?”
Izuku blanches. The pencil spinning between his fingers flies off to the side and he fumbles
to catch it before it can get lost in some obscure corner of the office.
“I, uh, I can’t sp-speculate.”
“Of course you can!” And Nedzu, of course, is not going to let things alone. He never does,
to the point where his curiosity and inquiry verge dangerously on sadistic.
“Well, um, I was t-thinking – what if Dark S-Shadow isn’t actually a quirk? Or rather, what if
she is her own person, with her own quirk. So – so she’s not r-really Tokoyami’s quirk, but
more like his, his s-sibling?”
“You think?” Nedzu asks, tapping a paw to his chin. “I’ll admit, the possibility has occurred
to me, as well, but I haven’t had time to give it much consideration, with so many students
under my purview.”
“It’s just – well, it seems a bit farfetched, doesn’t it? Wouldn’t someone have said something
before now? A doctor, or a quirk counselor?”
“You’d be surprised how much of quirk classification is rubber stamped,” Nedzu explains.
“So long as a child can use their quirk without hurting themself or others, very few
professionals further investigate a quirk’s exact nature or function. However,” Nedzu adds
with a smile that makes Izuku nervous, “you are uniquely situated to solve this mystery. Your
own quirk allows you to sense others, correct?” Hesitantly, Izuku nods, though Nedzu is
already well aware of the answer. “If your theory is correct, then Tokoyami would have two
quirks – his own and Dark Shadow’s. Have you considered approaching him?”
Izuku stares down at the quirk suppressing bands around his wrists. They are removed only
periodically, during his training with Eraser, and occasionally here in Nedzu’s office, when
the principal’s curiosity requires more than a verbal answer to satisfy. No doubt Nedzu would
make a special exception and remove the bands if Izuku wanted to approach Tokoyami as
suggested.
“No,” Izuku says after a pause that is made thick by the weight of Nedzu’s stare. “I try to stay
away from the students. Class 1-A, especially.”
“You’ve spoken to Uraraka Ochako, though, haven’t you?”
Izuku flushes. He wouldn’t call what he did speaking, exactly. She had been on her way to
Recovery Girl for anti-nausea medication when she stumbled onto him muttering to himself
outside the training field where 1-A had been having their heroics lesson. As brief as the
interaction had been, Izuku doubts it reflected well on him. Uraraka had been nothing but
enthusiastic and kind, greeting him almost like a friend, rather than a stranger who was cagily
lurking around campus and talking to himself.
“T-that doesn’t count,” Izuku declares, grimacing down at his math work.

“If you say so,” Nedzu allows, with all the benevolence of someone who is dropping a topic
purely out of mercy. “You realize though, that you won’t be able to avoid them during the
sports festival?”
There are many parts of the sports festival that Izuku has been trying to avoid thinking about.
Things like how it is going to be televised and that he is going to have to use his quirk. Most
of all, he has been avoiding thinking about the people who be there. People he will be
expected to use his quirks on, some of whom have already had the misfortune of meeting
him. Class 1-A has already been made aware of Izuku’s presence at UA – none of the details,
just that one of the villains from the USJ is at the school for rehabilitation. Most of them
wouldn’t recognize him, just like Uraraka hadn’t. But a handful of them would. Like the frogquirked girl – Asui Tsuyu, Izuku now knows – who Tomura nearly killed. Or Todoroki
Shouto, who nearly destroyed Tomura’s nomu with a single powerful wave of ice.
Or Katsuki.
The sports festival is only two days away. The sports festival is what’s going to make or
break everything, the moment where this whole charade Izuku has been playing at will either
come together or fall apart. He honestly can’t say which would relieve him more.

Katsuki swings a fist at Shitty Hair’s head. The other boy, with his limbs mostly hardened, is
too slow to dodge, but he brings his arms up to block the explosion Katsuki lets loose before
retaliating with a low kick that Katsuki easily jumps over.
Katsuki has to give it to the extra – he’s good for training. The spiky bastard may be
exhaustingly loud, and he’s still oddly fixated on his “manliness” bullshit, but his quirk is a
perfect compliment to Katsuki’s own. With his skin hardened, the guy is practically made of
stone, which lets Katsuki go to town without having to worry about getting a little too into it
and seriously hurting his sparring partner.
At first, Shitty Hair had been a shitty fighter as well, just throwing himself forward with
wildly swinging fists, hoping that one of his blows would land with enough force to have an
impact. It probably worked just fine against the mindless robots they faced for the entrance
exam, but unlike nearly every other person in his class, Katsuki actually bothered with some
combat training before getting into UA.
Kirishima has gotten better, though. Not so much that he can really hold a candle to Katsuki,
of course – not by a long shot – but the improvement is still noticeable. Katsuki actually gets
to employ a little thought and strategy into their spars, now. Before, it was more like blasting
at a wall that occasionally jumped around.
Katsuki catches Shitty Hair in the back, sending him stumbling to his hands and knees with a
surprised yelp. He rolls to the side, narrowly escaping the next blast Katsuki sends his way,

and holds his hands up in tired surrender. He keeps them up, fingers still jagged and solid,
until Katsuki huffs, stretches his arms out, and relaxes out of his fighting stance.
“Another round to you,” Shitty Hair says, skin returning to normal as his arms flop to the
ground. He smiles a wide, goofy grin.
“You didn’t stand a chance,” Katsuki replies with a click of his tongue. He offers a hand,
hefting Shitty Hair to his feet when he grasps it.
“I’ll beat you one of these days, just you wait!” Shitty Hair exclaims, clutching a determined
fist in front of him. His forearms are smudged with streaks and starbursts of soot. Katsuki
snorts, pulling a rag out of his gym bag and tossing it over.
“As if.”
“Dude, seriously! I have big plans for the sports festival – my quirk’s not all that flashy, not
like yours, so I’ve gotta make sure I stand out. You’ll see!”
“Your plans don’t mean shit, I’m gonna win the whole thing.”
“Not without a fight, you’re not!” Kirishima yells, but he is still grinning as throws an arm
around Katsuki’s shoulders. “Watch out Bakubro, we’re gonna give you a run for your
money! And hey – didn’t Aizawa-Sensei say that that guy from the USJ is gonna be
competing, too? Deku, right? He seemed pretty manly when–” Grinding his teeth, Katsuki
shoves Shitty Hair’s arm away. The spiky bastard stumbles to the side with a shout and an
affronted pout.
“Deku’s not gonna get past the first fucking round,” Katsuki growls. “He’s nothing but a
spineless weakling crybaby, and if he so much as looks in my direction, I’ll grind him to dust.
There’s nothing manly–” Katsuki sneers the word “–about him. He’s a pathetic, sniveling,
little villain.”
“I don’t know, man. That, uh, sounds a little harsh.”
“It’s not. If you have two brain cells to rub together in that thick fucking skull of yours, you’ll
stay away from him.”
Katsuki hikes his gym bag up on his shoulder, whirling on his heels to storm for the exit of
the training grounds. Shitty Hair splutters behind him, jogging to catch up, but he eventually
falls behind when Katsuki resolutely ignores him.
Katsuki has seen neither hide nor hair of Deku in the week since their homeless slob of a
teacher told him the fucker was in the school. Katsuki has kept his eyes out, prepared for
anything, but Deku never made an appearance. Katsuki is fine with that. Deku is best left
neither seen nor heard, in Katsuki’s opinion, but his lack of presence also creates a certain
sense of unease. Because Deku is here at UA, regardless of whether Katsuki sees him, and he
must be fucking up to something.

The sports festival is only two days away. Deku will be there, but Katsuki refuses to let the
bastard fuck this up for him. Katsuki is going to show everyone exactly what he’s worth, and
at the end, he’ll be the one standing on the podium, stronger than everybody else. And there’s
nothing fucking Deku, of all people, can do to stop him.

“Hi Shinsou!” the girl behind the counter at the cat café calls as the door chimes closed
behind him. “The usual?” Hitoshi nods, briefly glancing to her nametag. Sonoda Teruko.
Nearly every time Hitoshi comes in, she’s the one who greets him, but he always manages to
forget her name between visits.
Hitoshi finds his usual booth, tucked against the wide front window of the shop, plastered
with little decals of cats and coffee cups. Apricat jumps up into the seat next to him a moment
later, a large ginger tabby who apparently enjoys Hitoshi’s vibes, since they always end up
hanging out together when Hitoshi has the time and money to stop by. Hitoshi sits sideway in
the booth, bracing his back against the cool glass of the window and crossing his legs to
make a little bowl for Apricat to hop into. Skit, grey and tiny, sniffs shyly at the toe of his
shoe from under the table.
A few minutes later, Sonoda interrupts the trace-like state Apricat’s rumbling purr has lulled
Hitoshi into. She clears her throat softly before placing Hitoshi’s coffee on the table. She
places a muffin on a napkin next to the drink, and Hitoshi eyes the baked good warily.
“I didn’t order this,” he says. Too blunt, he scolds himself internally. He sounds like a jerk,
when all she did was make an honest mistake.
Sonoda blushes. “I know,” she says in a rush, smoothing some fly aways from her bun back
against her head. “It’s just – you go to UA, right? Who am I kidding, you’re literally wearing
the uniform, of course you do.”
“Yeah,” Hitoshi hesitantly confirms. Sonoda has always been friendly, but it’s not like she
and Hitoshi make conversation. When he first started visiting this café last year, she made a
few attempts at small talk when taking his money or delivering his drinks, but his responses
were so stilted that she gave up pretty fast. “What about it?” he asks. Too short, again.
“The sports festival is coming up, right? I just thought maybe you could use some – I don’t
know – encouragement, or something. It’s – it’s an encouragement muffin. Plus ultra, and all
that! You’ll be competing, won’t you? I’ll see you on TV?”
“I guess so,” Hitoshi mumbles, looking away from Sonoda’s timid smile to the cat dozing
contentedly in his lap. “I mean, yeah, you will.”
Sonoda hesitates for a moment, rocking on her heels. “Well, uh, I have to get back to work.
But I’ll be rooting for you!” She lingers a half moment longer while Hitoshi resolutely stares
at Apricat.

He only realizes once she’s gone that he didn’t even thank her for the muffin. God, that went
just great, didn’t it? He guesses he made slightly less of an ass of himself than he could have,
so that’s a point in his favor, at least. And she didn’t seem too put off by his brusqueness.
Hell, she had even said that she’s rooting for him.
Of course, she barely knows him. She doesn’t even know his full name, not to mention his
quirk. She’d probably change her tune, if she did. Most people do.
But still.
The sports festival is only two days away. And for the first time, Hitoshi has someone rooting
for him. For so long, Hitoshi has been trying to prove everyone wrong. One person rooting
for him under false pretenses doesn’t really change that, but the idea of being able to prove
someone, even just one person, right still provides a novel little thrill.
“I’ll win the whole thing,” Hitoshi promises Apricat. Apricat’s ears twitch in his sleep.

“I want you to take my quirk,” Shouta announces.
Izuku, predictably, splutters. “N-no, I c-can’t do that!” He shakes his head back and forth so
rapidly it’s a miracle it doesn’t snap right off his neck.
“Yes, you can,” Shouta says, keeping his voice level to compensate for the bubbling
irrationality in Izuku’s words.
“I’m not supposed to t-take quirks! That’s not – it’s bad!”
“You’re not supposed to steal quirks,” Shouta corrects patiently. “This isn’t stealing. It’s
borrowing. You will give it back, won’t you?”
“Of course!”
“Then I don’t see the problem.”
Izuku sags, tucking his hands to his chest and rubbing at the spot where the suppressing
bands usually lie. The faint red marks that had been developing there when Izuku first moved
in with them have already faded, swiftly dealt with by Shuzenji, but Shouta makes sure to
keep his eyes on the area anyway, in case the problem ever reappears.
“Why do you want me to t-take it, anyway?” Shouta shrugs, shoulders protesting at the
weight of the casts that he is still not yet free of.
“Call it professional curiosity. I want to know what it’s like.”

“You already do.”
“There were confounding variables at play. Now, are we going to keep talking about it or are
you going to take my quirk?” Izuku stares silently at the ground. Pointlessly, Shouta raises his
eyebrows. “Izuku?”
“It’s done,” Izuku says weakly. “I don’t want to activate it. I – d-don’t make me acti-tiv-vate
it, please.”
The realization that Izuku’s only experience with Erasure before now was using it to kill his
father hits Shouta abruptly. It’s like a bucket of ice water dumped over his head, stealing the
air from his lungs and leaving all his muscles locked in place. God damn it. Shouta knew he
was going to fuck this up; it’s a miracle he lasted an entire week. He forces himself to remain
calm, not wanting his own frustration with himself to wind the kid up.
“You don’t have to use it,” Shouta says, perhaps a touch too soft to fully pass for casual.
“You can return it whenever you’re ready. I can barely even tell that it’s gone.”
There is, as Izuku has described, a small, formless feeling in Shouta’s chest. The vaguest
sense that something might be off. It is nearly impressive how minor and nonurgent the
feeling is, and it’s not until Izuku touches his fingertips to Shouta’s and gives the quirk back
that Shouta can even say for sure he is not imagining the feeling altogether. It is like a ghost
of a ghost, a dream of a dream.
“Huh,” Shouta breathes, activating Erasure to confirm – though he specifically avoids
looking at Izuku while he does so. “For some reason, I still expected it to hurt.”
“It does, sometimes.”
“Oh?” Shouta asks. He is wary about pressing for details, especially when having Izuku take
Erasure already started today’s training off on a misguided note.
Izuku nods. “You already know what happens. With m-mutation quirks. But my fa- All for
O-One, it always h-hurt when he d-did it. They…” His voice trails into a whisper, something
distant and hollow. “He would put them to sleep, so he didn’t have to listen to them crying.”
Shouta grimaces. “So your quirk is different, then. Why do you think that is?”
Izuku blinks several times in quick succession, eyes losing some of the glaze that had fallen
over them as he focuses. He makes a questioning noise.
“You’re a smart kid,” Shouta elaborates. “You must have some kind of theory.”
“I…” Izuku bites his lip, frowning at the ground. “My q-quirk isn’t just a copy of my ffather’s. It’s… it’s a little bit like my mom’s, too.”
“She had a telekinesis quirk, didn’t she?”
“Attraction of Small Objects.” The quirk’s name, wordy and self-explanatory, is said in
wistful, almost reverent tone. “That’s how I can t-take quirks, even from a d-distance. It’s –

it’s attraction. I k-know it’s still st-stealing, and it’s w-wrong, but the quirks, they don’t –
they don’t resist, they just c-come. My – A-All for One, he… he had to t-tear them out.”
Shouta hums a low, understanding note. “It’s gentle.”
Izuku falls silents. He stares hard at Shouta, eyebrows drawn together, teeth digging too hard
into his bottom lip to be healthy. Beneath the messy fringe of his hair, the shadows beneath
Izuku’s eyes look painful.
“What?” he asks, voice as brittle as spun sugar.
“Your quirk. It’s gentle.”
It is hard to describe the way Izuku looks at Shouta, in that moment. The kid’s eyes are wide,
glowing with tears, and they fix on Shouta as if he is speaking in tongues, saying things that
Izuku simultaneously can’t understand and wants desperately to believe in. It is not the
starry-eyed look of a child staring at their hero. It is – it is like a prophet looking at a god,
receiving divine messages beyond mortal comprehension.
Shouta can’t stand it. He has to look away. He swallows painfully around the lump that has
abruptly formed in his throat.
“What’s it called?” he asks, deflecting, voice rough. “Your quirk.”
“It, uh, d-doesn’t actually have a name,” Izuku answers after a pause. When Shouta finally
looks back to him, the too-heavy look has faded from his eyes. “I - I registered as QQuirkless, and there didn’t seem to be much of a… point to n-naming it, after that.”
“We’ll need to fix that. Think on it.”
The sports festival is only two days away. Shouta will admit to having second thoughts about
Izuku’s participation, but Nedzu is set on it, and Nedzu gets what Nedzu wants. With the
festival will come attention, and even if Izuku doesn’t reveal the full extent of his quirk – a
precaution that they have discussed at length – he’ll need something to call it. People will be
talking about him, after all. Shouta has no doubt about that. For better or worse, his problem
child is going to make an impression.

Chapter End Notes

Actually, this chapter is called High Spec because it was a pain in the ass to write and
I’ve decided that finishing it in four days makes me a genius
Bakugou: Hi, thanks for checking in, I’m still a piece of garbage
Shinsou: *arrives 90k words late with Starbucks*

Me: *writes Shinsou’s POV*
Me: I could fit so many cats in this
Kurogiri: Do you ever want to talk about your feelings, Izuku?
Izuku: No.
Tomura: I do!
Kurogiri: I know, Tomura.
Tomura: I’m angry >:(
Kurogiri: ,,, I know, Tomura.
Next chapter: Half-Cold Half-Hot – Part I
Update: Feb 11
Disclaimer that in the next few weeks/months, it is more likely that I will need to
skip/delay updates, but I frankly HATED taking a week off (I like updating regularly),
so I’ll still be doing my best to stick to my schedule.

Chapter 17: Half-Cold Half-Hot - Part I
Chapter Notes

Re: update schedule! I have more stuff going on irl in the foreseeable future, so here’s
what that means for IGG – I may have to skip some updates. If I know beforehand, I’ll
make a note of it at the end of the chapter, same as I have been, but I might not always
be able to. At this point in time, I should never have to skip more than one week.
Updates will still always be on Friday afternoons (US EST). Occasionally, I may add a
shorter chapter in favor of skipping a week altogether.
I don’t actually know how relevant this will be. It’s entirely possible that I’ll keep
updating as normal with little to no issue, but I like to communicate stuff like this
clearly, so everyone knows what’s going on. My accountability to my update schedule
(and my transparency about it) is the only thing that is keeping my ADHD from
snatching IGG’s productivity right out of my hands.
Anyway, my need to monologue aside, have some Discord memes!
Cloud: X X X X X X X X X X X
Coffee: X X X X X
Dev: X X X X X X
Eggs: X X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“This is a mistake,” Shouta announces while the door to Nedzu’s office is still swinging shut
behind him.
Behind the desk, Nedzu tilts his head with that damnable polite, inquisitive smile, as if he
doesn’t already know exactly what Shouta is talking about. The rat knows what, and he
knows why. He already knows everything Shouta is going to say and everything he’s going to
say in return. Really, there’s no point in having the conversation at all, not when Nedzu has
already decided exactly how it is going to end, but here Shouta is anyway.
“You’ll have to be more specific. Tea?”
“He shouldn’t be competing.”
“I thought you were one of his advocates?” Nedzu asks mildly, filling an unrequested cup and
pushing it across the desk with a nod. “Have you changed your mind about him?”
“Of course not,” Shouta responds. He breathes carefully through his nose, refusing to allow
Nedzu to work him up. “But there are better ways to go about this. Two weeks ago, the kid
was drowning, and now we’re throwing him straight back into the deep end before he’s even
had a chance to catch his breath.”

“The sports festival is the best way to enter him into the hero course. I was under the
impression that that was what you wanted?”
Arguing in such a way that he turns his opponents against themselves is Nedzu’s specialty.
Everything he says sounds so damn reasonable, always things that you already agree with, to
the point where you wonder why you’re arguing to begin with. Trying to reason with the rat
always makes Shouta feel like he is sixteen again, tangled in his capture weapon, pulling the
knots tighter with each move he makes to free himself.
“I think he would make a good hero, someday,” Shouta says carefully. “But at this point, his
confidence and self-worth are too low. He’ll be a danger to himself.”
“Hound Dog has approved his transfer.”
“Hound Dog has only been speaking with him for a week and a half.”
And he’s on your payroll, Shouta thinks, but doesn’t add.
“He’s a professional,” Nedzu dismisses with cheerful nonchalance. “He thinks joining class
1-A would improve that confidence and self-worth you’re worrying about.”
And it could. It might. But– “He deserves to be safe. At least for a little while. That’s what
we’re about to take away from him.”
Nedzu’s smile doesn’t fall completely, but it softens. His eyes glint with something that
almost seems sincere. “He’s not safe now, Shouta,” he says, level and serious, without any of
his typical affected cheer. “Any safety we’re providing him is an illusion. This way, we at
least seize control of the narrative.”
“If they don’t know he’s here–”
“They’ll find him,” Nedzu interrupts. “This way, we’ll be ready for them.”
Shouta knows the plan, of course. He knows all the systems that have been implemented to
detect any hostile presences, he knows the defenses in place. They’re good. Of course they
are – Nedzu is the one behind them all. But no plan is perfect, and Shouta can’t help but
fixate on the gaps.
“He’s not ready,” Shouta says futilely.
“He has outstanding potential,” the rat muses. “Not just as a hero, but as a catalyst for
change. I think he’ll surprise you. I think he’ll surprise us all.”
From Nedzu, among the brightest creatures alive, the sentiment means something, and
Shouta is briefly taken aback by it. It’s not that he doesn’t agree – he does. Midoriya Izuku,
with his terrifying quirk and miraculously unbroken spirit, has the power to make change but
the temperament not to force it. A rare combination.
But catalysts don’t survive. Sure, they come out the other end intact, but that’s only after
getting broken down, twisted around, and then put back together. And people are far harder to

repair than molecules.
“It’s a shame I won’t be able to watch,” Nedzu sighs. “Unfortunately, my presence is
expected at the third-year stage, as always. Keep your eyes on him for me. I’m sure he’ll be
worth watching.”
Just like that, the conversation is over, living and dying on Nedzu’s whim, as Shouta knew it
would from the very beginning. His cup of tea, untouched, sits cooling on the edge of
Nedzu’s desk.

Katsuki is at the front of the pack, leading class 1-A out of tunnel and into the bright sun of
the sports festival’s central stadium with zero hesitation. He walks with his shoulders back
and his head held high, leveling a glare at the drone that swoops down a few feet away but
not shrinking away from the camera the way too many of his classmates do. Shitty Hair, as
hot on Katsuki’s heels as ever, waves at the thing with an enthusiastic grin before his
attention is caught by the size and volume of the audience that surrounds them on all sides.
“Holy shit,” he breathes, eyes wide, “that’s a lot of people. And Yamada-Sensei is really
talking us up, huh?” The puppy-like exuberance of his grin is replaced by something more
trepidatious. “Man, I’m starting to get nervous! Aren’t you, Bakugou?”
“No,” Katsuki replies. He grins, and while he may lack the pointed teeth of the boy besides
him, there is a sharp, dangerous edge to Katsuki’s smile that the other could never manage.
“I’m just getting more into it.”
Over the loudspeakers, Present Mic continues announcing the classes, students filing in in
clumps as he does. Katsuki stares intently at each head that passes into the glaring light of the
arena, searching for Deku’s unruly green mop, but seeing nothing, even as Present Mic
declares all the first years accounted for. Katsuki doesn’t dare allow himself to think that
Deku simply might not be participating – that would just allow the fucker to catch him off
guard, later.
“Quiet everyone!” Chains and Whips calls from the center stage, snapping her flog to gain
the crowd’s attention. Or rather to direct the crowd’s attention, since god knows she already
has all eyes on her, what with the fucking spectacle she makes of herself. “It’s time for our
player pledge! Representing the students this year is Bakugou Katsuki, from class 1-A!”
The extras mumble to each other around Katsuki, stepping to the side to make room for him
to approach the stage. He takes the stairs two at a time and snatches the mic that is offered in
his direction without looking at the woman handing it to him. Glaring out at the group of
students, Katsuki waits for them to fall silent, waits for all of them to be looking at him,
expressions ranging from excited anticipation to unimpressed impatience.

“I pledge that I’ll be number one.” Katsuki holds the microphone too close to his mouth, his
voice coming too loud and slightly distorted out of dozens, if not hundreds of speakers
around the stadium. The vaguely familiar faces of class 1-A break into embarrassed groans
while the rest of the crowd, students and observers alike, burst into protests and shouts.
“At least be nice stepping stones for me,” Katsuki says, the staticky projection of his voice
briefly overpowering everything else. He tosses the mic back to the dominatrix caricature
before jumping directly off the stage. He hears her fumble to catch it, but someone on the
tech end of things manages to quickly switch the mic off before it clatters to the ground.
“How overconfident can you get?” the Shitty Hair knock off from class B yells as Robo
Nerds tries in vain to scold Katsuki.
Katsuki rolls his eyes, rubbing behind his ear as a dull ringing starts up from all the noise. A
bunch of oversensitive pansies, they are, if they’re going to go around screaming and crying
from a simple statement of truth. And if they have a problem with it? Well, they’re welcome
to try to prove him wrong.

So, the arrogant blond is Bakugou Katsuki. Hitoshi files that little bit of information with
everything else he knows about the hero student – explosion quirk, short tempered, selfobsessed, probably compensating for something. It’s not much, but it’s a pretty solid
foundation on which to start building strategies on how to piss the guy off. Granted, Bakugou
seems like the type to make that easy. All the better for Hitoshi.
The microphone Bakugou threw at the end of his “pledge” rolls, abandoned over the stage,
rocking slightly as it comes to a halt. Midnight doesn’t lean down to pick it up, and Hitoshi
can’t blame her, given the number of men in the audience who are already just about frothing
at the mouth from her mere presence on the stage. Hell, some of the students aren’t behaving
much better.
“Now,” Midnight says, recovering remarkably well from Bakugou’s display and the crowd’s
subsequent outburst, “let’s get started right away. Our first game will be the qualifier! Every
year, countless sports festival hopefuls become sports festival has-beens in this round. Let’s
see if you have what it takes, shall we?” Sly and sadistic, she smiles at her captive student
audience, as an electronic board drops down behind her with a heavy, mechanical thunk. The
display spins, cycling through possibilities so rapidly they’re nothing but a blur. Hitoshi
fights against the tension that tries to seize up his muscles.
“This year,” Midnight says slowly, playing up the drama of the moment as the audience and
participants alike wait with bated breath, “it’s… this!” The clunk of the board coming to a
stop perfectly overlaps with the leather snap of Midnight’s whip.
“An obstacle course,” several people around Hitoshi read out, voices echoing over each other,
slightly out of sync.

“That’s right! All eleven classes will be participating in the race,” Midnight explains. “The
course follows the outer circumference of this stadium – about four kilometers of obstacles
for you to get through! As you know, here at UA, we pride ourselves on the freedom we give
our students – which means anything goes! Just stay on the course and give it everything
you’ve got!”
“Plus ultra!” Hitoshi nearly jumps at the cheer that rises up around him, well over half the
students responding in unison to some intangible cue.
“That’s the spirit! Now, take your places, everyone!”
The eager energy enveloping a solid portion of the group scrambles into something frantic as
they process Midnight’s words and make a mad rush for the gates, pushing and stumbling to
get a position as close to the mouth of the tunnel as possible. Hitoshi hangs back from the
chaos, along with a decent number of other non-hero course students.
“It’s pretty ridiculous, isn’t it?” Hitoshi asks a boy he doesn’t recognize, nearly as tall as
Hitoshi himself and a bit broader about the shoulders.
The boy laughs, a touch derisively. “Yeah, I don’t–”
“Let me guess. You don’t really get what the big deal is? Good – then you won’t mind if I
borrow you for a bit, right?” The boy, face slack and eyes clouded, doesn’t respond. “Stick by
me,” Hitoshi orders. When he takes a step forward, the boy follows. He doesn’t struggle at
all, simple and obedient and perfect for what Hitoshi needs him for.
Above the gate, there are three large green lights. The first goes black with a loud electronic
hum, obnoxious but distinct. The clamor at the gates grows more heated. The second light
buzzes to black. Even the students where Hitoshi is, more relaxed and low energy, begin to
stir.
“Start!” Midnight calls, voice nearly lost beneath the buzz of the final light and screech of the
gate. Students are shoving through the gap immediately, pouring into the tunnel in a writhing
mass of elbows and knees. Some of the hang-backs rush forward as well. In front of Hitoshi,
a boy is knocked to the side, wavering on his feet before regaining his balance.
“Hey dude, you alright?” Hitoshi calls. The boy looks back in surprise, smiling tentatively.
“Yeah, I’m–”
“Glad you’re good. Stay by me.”
“Okay!” Yamada-Sensei calls over the speakers. His voice seems distant over the uproar of
the students caught in the tunnel, but Hitoshi listens as well as he can. “Here’s the play-byplay! What should we pay attention to in the early stages?”
Another voice crackles over the speakers, duller than Yamada’s, and harder to pick up as a
result. “This part right now.”

Hitoshi watches the squirming traffic jam of bodies, nonplussed. There is a part of him,
childish and needy, that wants to grab the nearest drone and demand that everyone watch him,
pay attention to him. Of course, he’s hardly anything interesting to watch, right now. He has
hardly moved three steps since Midnight called start. And that’s a good thing – the fewer
eyes on him this early, the better.
He will have time to shine, later. They will all be watching him when he wins, and they will
wonder where the hell he came from. Well, he’s been here the whole time, they just never
bothered to look, and soon they’ll see just how stupid that was.
There is a sharp crackle, a crystalline splintering sound that makes the hair on Hitoshi’s arms
stand on end just a moment before a massive gust of freezing air billows out of the tunnel
entrance. A cold, white fog billows around, muffling the sudden exclamations from within it.
It’s ice, Hitoshi realizes. The tunnel is frozen through, there is a thin layer of frost even under
Hitoshi’s shoes, and he’s still a ways back from the entrance.
“Jesus christ,” someone near Hitoshi breathes.
“Insane, right?” Hitoshi asks.
“I knew the hero course was–”
“Come here.”
Hitoshi looks over the people he has gathered with a critical eye. He can’t tell any of their
quirks just by looking at them. Slightly inconvenient, but not too big a loss, since he’s not
entirely sure if his quirk would let him make use of them, anyway. A test for another day,
perhaps, after he actually makes it into the hero course.
“I think the three of you can probably carry me,” he decides. One of them is fairly small, but
the other two are decently sized. Hitoshi himself doesn’t really weigh all that much – as tall
as he may be, he’s always been a beanpole.
There is some awkward fumbling in the lifting process as Hitoshi attempts to find a stable
configuration without jostling any of the boys, but eventually he manages to settle himself
nonchalantly onto the platform of their arms. He comforts himself with the knowledge that
all the cameras are observing the no doubt thrilling action occurring at the front of the pack.
“Mush,” he says. His transport doesn’t move. He sighs, “Walk forward. As quickly as you
can without slipping or running into anyone.”
They get through the tunnel with surprising speed, picking their way steadily across the ice,
weaving through the clumps of people who’re still frozen up to the ankles. It would probably
be faster to run forward on his own, but Hitoshi isn’t winning any races on his own stamina,
so it seems wise to save that energy for the inevitable obstacle that he won’t be able to get
someone else to do for him.
In front of him, the students of class 1-A shout at each other. Bakugou Katsuki blasts himself
forward with his explosions, in hot pursuit of the boy with the candy cane hair. The pink

skinned girl glides easily over the ice. The boy with the tail barely touches the ground as he
springs off it with powerful and well-practiced motions. Hitoshi watches them, chin propped
in his hand, elbow resting on his knee.
“They’re used to using their quirks,” he tells the boy at the head of the carry formation. Of
course, the boy doesn’t reply, doesn’t react at all, since it’s not an order. “Explosions are an
easy thing to practice. He probably had people begging him to show it off. Bet they never
threatened to put him in – I don’t know, steel gloves or something, just so he couldn’t use it.”
Hitoshi sneers, rubbing at the bridge of his nose. There is still a small divot there, invisible
except to his fingertips.
A loud crash brings him back to the present, but the hulking green metal beast in the middle
of the track nearly threatens to send him tumbling back into bitter recollections. Gears and
hydraulics grind together audibly as the thing turns towards the students, several of whom
trip over themselves in their attempts to abruptly reverse their momentum. The lenses within
its eye rotate, red light dancing over the glass.
“Targets found,” an electronic voice announces. Then it adds, with a sadistic glee that
machinery should not be capable of, “Lots!”
Fucking robots. Just great. Right in Hitoshi’s skillset.

Izuku walks into the stadium with a mob of seventy-some general education students who
pay him no attention. They are all occupied with each other, excited or nervous as they bunch
together in little friend groups. On the fringes of the crowd, Wallflower tingles against
Izuku’s skin. There is no real, tangible sensation associated with using the quirk, but the
knowledge that it is active – that he can slip by unnoticed, his presence crystal clear and
unobtrusive – settles over his shoulders like a heavy blanket.
Of course, Wallflower isn’t effective in photo or video. Izuku darts occasional nervous
glances to drones hovering around. Certainly, he is on TV, somewhere, a blur of green and
navy caught in some broad overhead shot, but for the most part, the cameras either take the
whole scene in from an anonymous distance or focus on the hero students.
At the center of the arena, Midnight – quirk: Somnambulist – stands on a small stage, one
hand on her hip, the other gesturing with a multi-tasseled flog. His interactions with “Auntie
Nemuri” – self-proclaimed, very loudly, upon their first meeting in the staff room – have all
been rather brief, but this is his first time seeing her in her hero regalia in person. One of his
notebooks – volume 11, page 73 – has a full redesign of her costume. He had only been
twelve or thirteen when he made it, so it’s a bit outdated at this point, but he wonders if it
would be too presumptuous to share it with her, anyway. She’s a grown woman, of course,
and she can dress however she likes, it’s just – well, it doesn’t look particularly comfortable?
Or practical, for that matter. And it feels a little indecent to actually look at her.

Anyway, that’s irrelevant. She cracks her flog, a surprisingly sharp sound for how small it is,
probably to cut off trains of thought exactly like Izuku’s. Dutifully, he gives her his attention,
and pointedly does not think about how a better chest piece could be made that actually
provides coverage and support while still paying homage to a harness.
“Quiet, everyone!” she calls. “It’s time for our player pledge! Representing the students this
year is Bakugou Katsuki, from class 1-A!”
“That guy?” someone – minor transformation quirk, based in their hands – asks, under their
breath, but still too loud to be discrete.
“He did finish first in the entrance exam,” Sero Hanta – quirk: Tape – says, smiling
sheepishly.
“Maybe on the heroics exam,” another person – emitter quirk, something to do with minerals
– scoffs. Katsuki had been near the top of the written exam, as well, Izuku happens to know.
Nedzu is far to liberal with the information he allows Izuku to access, and the students’
scores and rankings were noted right alongside the recordings from their practical exams,
which Izuku has already watched at least three times.
Katsuki stands on the stage, glare harsh and unwavering as he waits, settling for nothing less
than everyone’s full attention. “I pledge that I’ll be number one,” he says finally, voice
crackling through speakers from all directions. The silence that Katsuki waited for breaks in
an instant. Groans from class A, including a boisterous scolding from Iida Tenya – quirk:
Engine. Indignant shouts from class B, scoffs and sneers from the other courses. Katsuki’s
eyes – red, fierce, and indifferent to the outcry – skim over the crowd, resting on Izuku for a
chilling half second before sliding away.
“At least be nice stepping stones for me,” Katsuki adds. And that is apparently all he has to
say. He tosses the microphone to Midnight without even looking at her and hops down from
the stage.
“How overconfident can you get?!” class B’s Tetsutetsu Tetsutetsu – quirk: Steel – yells,
straining against the arms of a classmate who seems to be considering just letting him have at
it. Katsuki doesn’t spare him a glance, standing with his jaw set next to an exasperated
Kirishima Eijiro – quirk: Hardening.
Izuku sighs softly to himself. Katsuki is… different than he remembers. Different and also
painfully unchanged. Giving his all, to the exclusion of caring what anyone else has to bring
to the table. Obsessed with a very particular kind of strength. Stubborn and rigid to the point
of severity, sometimes even savagery. But he is probably the least confident Izuku has ever
seen him. Overconfident people don’t clench their fists and glare at the world like it is an
enemy to be defeated.
“Now, let’s gets started right away,” Midnight announces, compensating for Katsuki’s
spectacle with even more theatric bravado. “Our first game will be the qualifier! Every year,
countless sports festival hopefuls become sports festival has-beens in this round. Let’s see if
you have what it takes, shall we?”

Izuku stands up straight. He knows she isn’t talking to him – she may know he’s here, but she
can’t even see him. The words are for each and every student there, over 200 people, but of
all of them, Izuku is willing to bet that he has the most to prove. Prove he has what it takes,
prove he’s worth it, prove it isn’t a mistake to give him this chance. Prove that he can be
something more than what he has been so far.
Several others in the crowd stand straighter as well, square their shoulders as if Midnight is
talking to them, specifically. Izuku may have the most to prove, but he is not the only one
here with a purpose. One way or another, dreams will be crushed today. Do they have what it
takes? The only way you learn to fly is by falling and hoping you don’t hit the ground.
Midnight makes a production of revealing the first event, but Izuku pays little attention to the
dramatics. First, they’ll be doing an obstacle course race, then a cavalry battle, and finally the
one-on-one matches that always determine the winner. The events were decided before Izuku
arrived at UA, likely close to the beginning of the year, possibly even earlier. Izuku has
known about each event since his third day at the school.
It's not like he went snooping on purpose. It’s just that Nedzu is sometimes very careless
about the information he leaves laying around his office. Well, “careless” and “laying
around” are probably an obtuse way of putting it, since Izuku is reasonably certain the
principal did it intentionally. He’s reasonably certain the principal does everything
intentionally. Izuku ignored the plans when he first saw them, but later that day they had
worked their way into his English packet – appropriately translated and everything, so he
hadn’t even realized what they were right away.
So, by the end of his third day, Izuku had known the structure of the sports festival, though
not any of the details as to what the events would contain. He’s still uncertain whether
Nedzu’s deliberate dispensing of inside information is some kind of test or a genuine attempt
to assist him. Knowing Nedzu, it could very well be a mix of both, but Izuku doubts he’ll
ever get an answer, either way.
When the crowd suddenly swarms towards the gates leading out onto the course, Izuku hangs
back. At this point, leading the pack would be counter intuitive – it wouldn’t gain him
anything in the long term, and the dubious honor of being at the front would inevitably draw
attention to him, even with Wallflower active. Besides, the tunnel on the other side of the gate
is a long, narrow thing, an obvious choke point that’s going to result in at least several dozen
eager front runners getting jostled and bruised and far more exhausted than they should be
this early in the competition. Izuku shudders slightly just at the thought of being pressed in so
closely to so many people.
The gates open and the crowd floods through, immediately clogging the tunnel. Izuku waits
and counts in his head.
It takes six and a half seconds for the real race to start.
It is Todoroki Shouto – quirk: Half-Cold Half-Hot – who starts it. As one of the hero course’s
powerhouses, with a quirk well suited crowd control, it’s no surprise that he’s the one taking
the initiative. When it comes to flashy and game changing displays of quirk use, Todoroki

was really one of very few candidates for kicking things off properly, far more than three
lights and a buzzer ever could.
After all, this isn’t a middle school foot race. This is UA’s sports festival. This is where
heroes are born.
Todoroki’s onslaught has left over half of the students in the tunnel and just beyond it frozen
fast to the ground. With the race moving forward, Izuku finally enters the tunnel himself,
weaving carefully through the trapped students, more concerned about accidentally bumping
into one of them than he is about the ice.
Enhancement quirks are incredibly common, and thus something Izuku has in abundance –
strength, speed, senses, reflexes, balance, you name it. Izuku has multiple of each, and it is a
simple matter to activate a couple of well-practiced ones to handle the situation. Balance, to
keep his feet; reflexes to give him the reaction time he needs to make adjustments as soon as
he starts to slip.
It is quirks like these that Izuku is planning to use to carry himself as far as possible in the
festival. Versatile, and powerful in that versatility, but unobtrusive, sometimes even
unnoticeable if properly applied.
The subtle interplay of multiple slight improvements is effective, but it is nothing compared
to what is happening ahead of him.
Kirishima Eijiro – quirk: Hardening – laughs, adrenaline giddy as he leaps over the wave of
ice that has consumed the entire beginning of the course, creeping high up the wall around
the tunnel mouth. Aoyama Yuga – quirk: Navel Laser – propels himself forward without
touching the ground, winking to the people stuck behind him. Yaoyorozu Momo – quirk:
Creation – produces a strong, thin pole from her palm, vaulting the ice with grim
determination. It takes only a second for Ojiro Mashirao – quirk: Tail – to find a clean patch
of ground and use it to spring himself to safety. And with Dark Shadow’s aid, avoiding the
ground is trivial for Tokoyami Fumikage – quirk:–
Actually, it is probably best not to think about that, right now. After spending so much time
suppressed, the influx of information from Izuku’s quirk is novel and nearly overwhelming.
To be around so many people, all actively using such amazing quirks is a fascination that
Izuku can’t currently afford to be distracted by.
“You half-and-half bastard!” Katsuki shouts, voice almost shrill compared to the bonerumbling bass of his explosions. “You’re not getting away that easy, fucking coward!”
Todoroki, running with ice chasing his heels, looks back over his shoulder for a brief
moment, not slowing as he quickly assesses his classmates. He says nothing in response
before turning away, leaning forward as he pushes himself to move faster. Katsuki screams
behind him, a wordless sound of frustration as the distance separating them remains stagnant.
Kirishima shouts as well, but his sharp-toothed grin speaks more of excitement than anger.
“That’s so man–” He is slammed to the side, exclamation cut off by a grunt. He goes flying,

rolling to the ground nearly ten feet from where he had been, but he pops up unharmed only a
moment later.
“Warn a guy!” he shouts at the robot that just flicked him aside like a piece of lint. Its eye
glints, red light wavering as the aperture within it expands and contracts with a series of soft
clicks.
“Targets found,” the robot declares. “Lots!”
Distantly, Izuku hears Mic shouting about the “Robo Inferno” as a swarm of massive robots
become visible beyond this cluster of smaller ones. He has watched the footage of the
entrance exams enough times to immediately identify each of the robots, even down to their
assigned point values. He hadn’t liked them then, somewhat blurry on a computer monitor,
and he doesn’t like them now, solid and imposing and less than thirty feet away.
“Aren’t those the zero point villains from the entrance exam?” Kaminari Denki – quirk: no,
focus Izuku – asks, a nervous lilt to his voice. He takes half a step backwards, but then seems
to catch himself, steeling his stance.
“Seriously? The hero course had to fight those?”
“This is what they meant by obstacles?!”
“There’s too many! What are we supposed to do?”
The outcry from the general education and business students is mixed anxiety and
indignation, and Izuku can’t say he blames them. As much as the sports festival is lauded as a
school event, it’s not. Not really. It’s a hero course event. They’re the stars, the ones set up to
succeed, to benefit, and everyone else is just an extra body to the head count, to make things
seem just a little bit more competitive. After all, it’s far more interesting to pick only three
winners out of over 200, rather than a measly forty.
And if you weren’t in the hero course, but you wanted to be? Then hopefully you spent the
months since the entrance exam learning to fight robots.
“So, this is what they used in the general entrance exam?” Todoroki asks. He sounds as
unimpressed as Izuku feels, though it’s hard to say if he also thinks the robots are ridiculous
or if that’s just the way his voice is.
“I wonder where they got the money for it,” Yaoyorozu says. Like Todoroki, she is
unintimated by the army of titans in front of them, her voice only idly curious, even as one of
the robots begins to reach forward, its splayed-out claw larger than any person.
Todoroki sighs. “All this trouble for nothing. I wish they would have at least prepared
something more impressive. Give my stupid old man something to watch.”
The zero pointer is fast for its size, and by the time Todoroki’s last, bitter word falls from his
mouth, it is close enough to him that Izuku’s whole body has gone tense, prepared to move at

a moment’s notice, in case he needs to take action. But Todoroki merely glares at the
obstacle, mismatched eyes glacial.
Frost builds up along his right arm, pale blue and sparkling in the sun. When Todoroki puts
that hand to the ground, ice blooms in a perfect circle around him. With rapt attention, Izuku
watches Todoroki drag his fingers along the dirt, raising his arm in a wide, sweeping arc. The
gesture is almost casual – confident and decisive, but lacking force, a fluidly graceful
movement. The surge of ice that follows the movement is, in contrast, powerful and jagged. It
races up the zero pointer’s arm, halting the robot’s movements almost instantly. Ice crackles
and metal groans. In seconds, the only army green metal left exposed is near the very top of
the bot’s head, crags of ice rising around it like a crown. The entire zero pointer, hundreds of
feet tall, frozen in a single, simple act.
Todoroki exhales, slow and measured. His breath billows in front of him, a cold white fog
that drifts away on the breeze. He fists his hand in front of him, still hovering in the air where
the swipe of his arm ended, still speckled with glittering crystals of frost. For a moment, it is
like everything is frozen, like the entire obstacle course and everyone on it is just as trapped
in place as that robot.
Todoroki himself is the first one to shatter the stillness, running forward along the path
between the robot’s legs. As monstrous as it is, the zero pointer casts a large shadow, but
sunlight bounces oddly between the facets of the ice, and strange, wavering reflections dance
over Todoroki’s skin as he passes underneath.
“He stopped them,” someone breathes as the rest of the crowd starts to stir.
“Follow him,” someone else says, awed disbelief beginning to fade back into the frantic
determination of competition. “Through the legs, there’s a path!”
“I wouldn’t do that if I were you,” Todoroki shouts back over his shoulder. “It was already
unbalanced when I froze it. It’ll fall over.”
On cue, the ice creaks. A wide fissure traces up the zero pointer’s base as huge sheets of ice
start to crack away from its reaching arm. They shatter when they hit the ground, shrapnel
flying in all directions. A sliver scrapes against Izuku’s cheek, a cold needle that melts
against his skin in only a few seconds. More and more ice gives way, a cataclysmic reaction
that goes from bad to worse, only speeding up as it continues along. People stumble out of
the way, making frenzied dives to the sides as the zero pointer wobbles.
Then, exactly as Todoroki predicted, the entire thing comes crashing down.
Izuku, already safe exactly where he is, stares at the carnage.
“Todoroki Shouto from class 1-A!” Mic shouts, drawing out the syllables of the name. “In
one move, he made an opening for himself and closed it for everyone else! An attack and a
defense all in one! How elegant! Amazing!”
“His actions are logical and strategic,” Eraser agrees, practically effusive praise coming from
him.

“As expected of a recommendation student! And the son of the number two hero, at that!
Those Robo Infernos never stood a chance!”
And as the dust settles and the yelling starts up again, Izuku can’t help but wonder – who
exactly is Todoroki Shouto? And what is he trying to prove?

Chapter End Notes

Character limits are a bitch, more memes
Goat: X
Lemon: X
Nellie: X X X X X X X X
Rhia: X X X X
Surya: X X X
Hitoshi: If people could stop expecting me to fight robots, that’d be great
Izuku: I don’t want to take over the world
Nedzu: It’s okay, we can fix that
Katsuki: It’s not paranoia if they’re really out to get you, and it’s not overconfidence if I
can actually kick their ass.
Me: I have a very detailed outline, it helps a lot with getting my writing done
My outline: The first event of the sports festival,,, happens.
Me: shit
Next chapter: Half-Cold Half-Hot – Part II
(tentative) Update: Feb 18
(knowing me, half-cold half-hot is going to be, like, 17 parts)

Chapter 18: Half-Cold Half-Hot - Part II
Chapter Notes

Uuuuuugggghhh writing the sports festival is HARD. I spent nearly two hours earlier
this week figuring out the logistics of the next two rounds, but does that help me write
action scenes? No, no it does not.
Discord memes!
Cloud: X X X X X X X
Finch: X
Howie: X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Oh WOW, the hero course really does get all the best stuff! Mei has heard rumors, of course,
about the practical exam that pit hero students against marvelous mechanics, exciting
examples of engineering, big beautiful bots, and Maijima-Sensei had indulged some of her
questions near the beginning of term, but nothing compares to getting to see them in person.
The one, two, and three pointers – well, they’re cute, for sure, but the zero pointers – the zero
pointers! Mei wants to take one apart and climb inside and figure out how it works. As big as
they are, she could probably spend weeks – no, months! – crawling around its wiring and
wouldn’t that just be a dream.
Of course, she can’t really get close to one without it trying to kill her. Actually, no – this is a
school event, after all, so she would probably only end up lightly maimed at worst, but what a
way to go! Frosty really did her a favor, knocking over that first one. No death or maiming
required, just her and what seems like miles of steel and copper. The fall has even knocked
off some of the outer paneling – which is a shame, such a shame to see such a beauty broken
to bits, BUT–! But this way she has free access to its inner workings! Which is perfect
because robots actually are more beautiful on the inside – unlike people, who are actually just
very wet and squishy on the inside, no matter what everyone says.
She scrambles up over the zero pointer’s arm to get a look at the joint there. Her hover boots
are a big help in scaling the smooth plates, just like she knew they would be! She splays
herself out over the metal, ignoring the ice-chill of it that seeps through her gym uniform,
focusing her eyes until the intricate wiring and segmented metal sections of the elbow take up
her entire field of view. It’s brilliant! One of the best things she’s ever seen, maybe, and
AHHH she wishes she had a notebook with her.
Thank god for the marker she keeps with her goggles. There’s a little pocket along the side of
the band specifically for her to slip in her favorite drafting pen – this way she never needs to
worry about losing it. A pen is an indispensable tool for anyone with a creative mind, after
all! Paper – well, paper would be nice, but that’s an easy thing to work around. Now, Mei

generally wouldn’t recommend drawing a schematic on your arm – it’s hard to keep
measurements and angles true to life on an elastic, curved surface – but it’ll do in a pinch!
Ideas have to be seized as soon as they present themselves, even if that means making do
with improvised tools.
One moment, Mei is sketching away, tongue poking out slightly in concentration – and the
next she is on the ground, a metallic taste coating the roof of her mouth.
Accidents happen to Mei all the time. Explosions are part of the process, after all, and
sometimes that process happens directly in her face while she’s focused on some detail or
another. So, she’s quick at bouncing back – it’s one of her many very impressive talents!
Which is why it only takes her a couple of blinks to recover after the quick swish and
CRASH that have her sliding over and off the zero pointer’s arm and onto the hard packed
dirt of the obstacle course track. She licks blood off her teeth, sticking her tongue out and
crossing her eyes to see the shallow bite marks there.
“Oh my god, are you a-alright?” A boy slides down the side of the robot’s arm, knees
bending to absorb the impact as he lands. OH, that reminds her – shock absorption! There’s
probably lots of cool babies for that, and Mei hasn’t made any yet. What a terrible oversight.
“Oh no,” Mei says as she sits up.
“I didn’t h-hurt you, did I?!” the boy asks as Mei looks around. “I’m so s-sorry, it’s just, there
was this three pointer, and you seemed really d-distracted so I–”
“Have you seen my pen?” Mei interrupts. “It’s a really good pen and I need it!”
“Y-your pen…?”
“Yeah! It’s black, approximately yea long,” she holds her fingers and appropriately pen-sized
distance apart to illustrate. “It’s got pink tape on it! With yellow stars! I was using it when I
fell, it must have flown off somewhere. Say, did you push me or something?” The boy opens
and closely his mouth wordlessly and after a moment of that, Mei waves him off. “Yeah,
okay, that’s not important! Your mission, should you choose to accept it, is to help me find
my pen!” The boy blinks at the finger Mei points at him like he is staring down the barrel of a
gun, and she giggles at the dumbfounded expression smeared across his face.
“I, uh – alright?”
As silly as his wide eyes and slack mouth are, Mei has to give it to the boy – he is a very
dedicated and adept pen-finder! By the time she is done checking over all her babies to make
sure none of them got damaged in that nasty fall, he is already done. She gasps happily when
he hands it over.
Next to her smudged and half-complete diagram of the zero pointer’s wiring, Mei jots down a
note about shock absorption. When she looks back up, the boy is gone.

Here are some facts about Hitoshi.
The first is that he recently went through a growth spurt. He went from 5’7” to 5’10” in only
a few weeks, and he’s still growing, steadily creeping closer to 5’11”. These days, his dad
regularly laments the constant need to buy him new pants. Hitoshi’s uniform is already a
touch too short around his ankles and wrists, even though they had intentionally been slightly
too long at the start of term.
The second follows from the first: Hitoshi does not have a particularly good sense of balance.
It’s not that he’s clumsy, per say, but he’s still getting used to all of his limbs suddenly being
in new places. So yeah, he sometimes bumps into things or trips over himself – whatever, sue
him, he’s a teenaged boy and puberty is a bitch.
The third and final fact is that Hitoshi isn’t a fan of heights. To be perfectly clear, he isn’t
afraid of them. He’s just not a fan. Which is pretty normal, really. Who actually likes heights?
That would be weird. Not liking heights is just the default human condition, and it’s not a big
deal or anything, but sure, they make him a little uncomfortable and that’s all instinct.
These three things combined find Hitoshi standing at the edge of The Fall – a bit on the nose,
that name – with his eyes closed for just a moment while he takes a bracing breath. First
robots, now this shit. Hitoshi had known coming into the festival that things would be
stacked against him, that he would have to fight like hell to get through, but this is starting to
feel a little personal.
He doesn’t bother with trying to tightrope walk across. He just bids his dignity goodbye and
hopes that all the cameras are too occupied with the flashy hero students to pay attention to
the random gen ed kid who managed to work his way up the ranks. His thighs burn as he
crosses his legs around the rope and shimmies along; his palms burn from gripping the coarse
fibers; his ears and neck burn from embarrassment that he stoically pretends not to be feeling.
Man, he really should have nabbed that support girl when he had the chance. Who the hell
knows what her quirk is, but who the hell cares when she has all those gadgets to do the job
for her. She had a jetpack. Hitoshi could have been jetpacking across, right now. Doing things
on his own power really is overrated.
Progress is uncomfortable, but it’s steady. Hitoshi, at the very least, is still in the race, which
is more than can be said for the poor fools he sees losing their grip and falling all around him.
He’s doing well – well enough to be proud of himself along side the bitter frustration of the
situation and the irritated disgust of sweat dripping into his eyes. All the frustration and
discomfort and embarrassment will be worth it, when he makes it to the other side. And he is
going to make it, he’s certain of that much.
Or at least, he is until some idiot – some idiot, some flash bastard, some hero course asshole
– leaps over Hitoshi like he is a hurdle in a fucking track competition. The rope shudders,
waves of movement traveling up and down its entire length, and just like that, Hitoshi loses
his grip, like all the poor fools he was lamenting mere moments ago.

God. His father is going to be so smug. Sympathetic and consoling, but with that
undercurrent of this is for the best, because he’s known all along that Hitoshi was never
meant to be a hero. It’ll all be easier, when Hitoshi comes to see it, too. He can choose a nice,
stable career, and maybe his peers will cut him some slack now that he isn’t actively
antagonizing their worldviews. Why did he even want to be a hero, anyway? It’s dangerous
and unreliable and people won’t care so much about his quirk if he isn’t always calling
attention to it by insisting that he’s going to be a hero. Hitoshi’s father will make him his
favorite dinner and tell him that he did well, but some things aren’t meant to be, and then
Hitoshi will be expected to move on, once and for all.
If Hitoshi’s dreams die here, he is going to haunt the shit out of whoever made him fall.
There is a stomach-lurching moment where gravity grabs at Hitoshi’s limbs, and then
everything goes sideways and Hitoshi crashes against sun-warm rock instead of sea of foam
beneath The Fall. Somehow, he has made his way to the next platform, still in the race,
despite feeling like he’s been hit by a truck – or maybe something smaller, like a particularly
reckless bicyclist. Hitoshi groans, arm aching fiercely from wrist to shoulder as he flops onto
his back, squinting into the sun.
“Are you alright?” a boy asks, leaning over Hitoshi. The sun halos the boy’s head, casting
sparks of emerald and gold around the edge of his hair.
“Did you – did you fucking throw me over here?” Hitoshi asks, disbelief coloring his tone.
Whatever happened had happened so quickly that Hitoshi didn’t really register it, but he has
the impression of fingers around his wrist for the briefest moment, and now here he is, at
least ten feet from where he had nearly fallen to his doom. The boy grimaces – and Hitoshi
realizes that this is the same boy that he crashed into in the hallway last week, the one with
the notebooks, who ran like Hitoshi had scared him.
“S-sorry,” he says, apologizes, as if he didn’t just save Hitoshi’s ass in the middle of a
competition. “I didn’t want you to f-fall because of me. Are you alright?”
“I – what the fuck?” The boy scrambles back, crouched on the balls of his feet as Hitoshi sits
up. He rotates his shoulder a few times, relieved to still able to move it fine, despite the
soreness that has settled in. Of course he would be sore, given that all of his weight was just
flung around from that single joint, Jesus Christ. “Who the hell are you?” Hitoshi asks,
confusion coming off confrontational.
The boy smiles a small smile, something wobbly that feels even more like an apology than
the actual word sorry did. He shakes his head slightly, scans his eyes over Hitoshi – still
sitting on the ground like an idiot – and jumps onto the next rope, moving down it with quick,
precise steps despite the large sheet of metal that Hitoshi is only just noticing lashed to his
back with a length of wire. The easy way the other boy moves invokes a dazed sort of envy in
Hitoshi, something that would be sharp and acidic if all the bite hadn’t been taken out of it by
sheer befuddlement.
A hero student, must be. Hitoshi doesn’t recognize him, apart from that one incident in the
hall, but 1-B has flown under the radar far more than 1-A, so he could be one of them.

Watching the way he moves over the ropes, considering the way he grabbed Hitoshi in a
second and tossed him like he weighed nothing – he has to be in the hero course.
Soon, Hitoshi will be, too. Maybe then he can get some answers about what the hell the boy’s
deal is. But for that to happen, Hitoshi first needs to pick himself the hell back up and focus
on what’s in front of him.

Yuga wants to be an inspiration. He wants stars to be born in peoples’ eyes when they look at
him. He wants to be a beacon of light that never goes out. He wants to shine – and partially it
is because of the praise, he will admit that. But mostly it is because he wants to cut through
the darkness of the world and leave a bit of sparkle behind, something that, just by existing,
can save people from getting swallowed by shadows.
This is what Yuga wants to be. All he is is pathetic. Pathetic, though he is usually very good
at pretending not to be.
On his knees next to a minefield, there is no space for pretending. There is only him, and his
quirk that sets fire to the raw edges of his insides, and tears that he can’t allow himself to
shed because he is supposed to be fabulous and glamorous.
He went overboard. One second is a ridiculous limit – not long enough to get anything done.
In the beginning, with the robots, he told himself he was stronger. He has been training, he is
going to be a hero, and it wouldn’t hurt to push his limits just a little. And it didn’t. A
twinge, something sharp but brief, gone within the space of a breath. But then he did it again,
and one breath became two. Three, four, five.
Now he is on his knees, and he can’t breathe at all.
Frustration burns in his chest, hotter than the pain in his stomach. Students pass him by,
moving into the minefield that serves as the final obstacle between them and the rest of the
festival. If Yuga were stronger, he could use his quirk to propel himself over if, call out his
best wishes to those he leaves behind as he secures his place in the later events. As it is, his
vision is doubling too hard for him to spot the mines beneath the ground, and the small
earthquakes juddering through his bones would stop him from stepping between them,
regardless.
“Are you alright?” someone asks, voice soft but abrupt enough to catch Yuga off guard. His
neck is stiff with pain, resisting as he turns his head to see the speaker. A stranger, smudged
with dirt, hovers a distance away.
“Je vais bien,” Yuga chokes out, lie barely squeezing past the tense walls of his throat.
“You… don’t look f-fine,” the other boy says, taking a hesitant half step forward. “Did you
get hit by something?”

Yuga wants to laugh, though he can barely even speak. “Non. It’s – q-quirk.” He hopes the
boy takes the information and leaves. Yuga is not injured, is not victim of anything but
himself, and it is shameful enough to have to live through it without having an interactive
audience. He is in no mood to explain the ways in which he is broken.
“Oh. I can – I m-might be able to help.” The boy shuffles closer, kneels within arm’s reach.
“I… have a healing q-quirk. I’ve never used it to help with b-backlash before, but I can t-try.
If that’s alright?”
Yuga gasps as his insides twist again, a vicious tearing feeling in his abdomen. He curls
tighter into himself and nods, one sharp jerk of his head that sends the world spinning in a
noxious blur of color. A second later, there is a hand on the back of his neck, cool against the
tacky sweat beneath Yuga’s hair. Yuga’s heart pounds at his sternum like a trapped thing, too
hard and too fast, but between one beat and the next, the painful coil in his stomach relaxes
by increments until the only thing making his hands shake is the insubstantial aftershocks that
echo through his cells, nearly a relief in comparison to the white-bright pain from before.
“Did that help?” the boy asks. This time, when Yuga nods, the world does not dissolve
around him. The boy’s hand falls from the back of Yuga’s neck like a lost anchor, leaving
Yuga reeling for another moment before he manages to ground himself.
The boy who has saved Yuga is not much to look at, nothing fabulous or glamourous about
him. His dark hair is wild and untamed, and the shadows beneath his eyes cry out for
concealer. There is a thin cut along his cheek bone that has left a smear of blood over his
freckles. He is smudged with dirt, and his PE uniform fits him with the same unflattering
bagginess of all the other students.
But when he smiles, he shines.

No one has ever died during the sports festival. People have gotten hurt, certainly, but despite
the way it sometimes seems, the environment is carefully monitored and controlled to ensure
that no one is ever in any real danger. Izuku is aware of this.
But he can’t stop himself from flinching when a girl’s ankle gives out beneath her, causing
her to fall to the side and land hard on her hip. He helps her up, offers to heal her so she can
keep going, but she shakes her head with tired lines around her eyes and tells him she just
wants to go lay down. So instead, he lets her hold onto his arms for balance as she limps over
to the sidelines, and he flags down a pair of the medical bots that herd the girl onto a stretcher
and wheel her away.
And when a boy finds himself reduced to tears when he’s face to face with a two pointer,
Izuku can’t help but put himself between them. And when one of the cameras flies a little too
close to the boy, still crying and mortified because of it, Izuku can’t help but pick up a rock

and knock the drone straight out of the air to give the boy a moment of privacy while he
collects himself.
And Izuku can’t help but stop to give words of encouragement and comfort where they are
needed. Half of the people he speaks to look at him like he is insane, but the other half smile,
so Izuku keeps taking the gamble.
Seconds by minutes, he falls behind. Each exchange loses him time, and he makes some of it
up, but the rest of it slips away as Todoroki and Bakugou draw farther and farther ahead.
Izuku doesn’t know how many people are moving on to the next round. In previous years, the
number has varied from fifty to thirty, and there are at least forty people in front of Izuku
now, picking their ways across the final obstacle with focused care.
Izuku doesn’t want to win this first event, but he can’t lose. He owes the world too much to
fail here, before he can even begin to pay back his debts.
Desperate times call for desperate measures.

Shouta thinks he already has a fairly good idea of how the first event will progress. Step by
step, he is proven right. Todoroki puts on a massive display of power that is simultaneously
strategic and painfully excessive, unbalancing all of his competitors outside of 1-A. His
classmates rise to the challenge, egging each other on. Bakugou and Todoroki toss the upper
hand around like a hot potato, undisputed contestants for first and second place. Class B, in
contrast, seems largely unimpressive, but to a trained eye, there is no mistaking their skill,
even if they aren’t making as large a spectacle of it. For the most part, the students of the
other courses fall behind at the very start and never even begin to catch up.
This is how it goes nearly every year. The first event is always the most predictable. Shouta
can probably guess exactly where any student will end up ranking, give or take a few places.
Somewhere in that crowd though, there’s a wild card. Shouta has been trying and failing to
get eyes on Izuku since the students entered the arena. Somehow, the kid is harder to spot
than Shouta’s actually invisible student, who’s seemingly-floating uniform has just reached
the end of The Fall. When Izuku said he planned to avoid drawing attention to himself,
Shouta had imagined a strategy more akin to that of some of the class B students. There must
be a quirk at play, probably the same one Izuku used at the USJ to escape detection during the
first half of the fight.
As Bakugou and Todoroki grow ever closer to the finish line, Shouta is hit with the sinking
feeling that flying under the radar simply isn’t in the cards for his problem child. Like a
premonition, an explosion shakes the field. Far larger than anything Bakugou has made, dust
consumes the back half of the minefield, and it would be easy to miss the small form that
breaks out of top of the smoke, if Shouta hadn’t somehow known to look for it.

“You’ve got to be fucking kidding me,” he sighs, indifferent to the microphone in front of
him.

“Pay attention, Shigaraki Tomura.”
“What’s the point?” Tomura asks, hardly glancing up from his game. “The Todoroki brat
makes ice, and little Kacchan blows things up. We already know their stats from the USJ.”
“Watch and you may see something interesting.”
Tomura scoffs but obliges for the moment, pausing his game, though not putting it down. On
the television, the coverage of the sports festival is focused almost exclusively on the two
boys competing for first place. Kurogiri watches with keen attention, as if there is actually
anything worth seeing.
“This is boring,” Tomura complains.
“Wait.”
As if in response to Kurogiri’s tense order, the camera rocks, fuzzing out for a moment as the
shockwave of an explosion in the background interrupts the feed. A moment of silence in the
explosion’s wake is interrupted by a long bleep as one of the announcers is censored out.
“What’s this?!” Present Mic exclaims, obnoxious voice too familiar from the number of
evenings Tomura was forced to listen to his radio program. “There’s been a huge explosion
from the back! And if you look near the top – yes!” The camera cuts, switching to another
drone high in the sky. Tomura freezes. “That’s Midoriya Izuku, quickly closing the ranks with
the force of that blast!”
Izuku flies through the air, trailing smoke behind him like a shooting star or a nuclear missile.
The wind drags tears from his eyes and his teeth are bared, savage and desperate.
“Hey, hey!” Present Mic yells. “Just like that, he’s taken the lead! Todoroki and Bakugou,
united by a common enemy, stop fighting each other and focus on catching up to their new
competition! Wait – hold on a sec. Looks like Midoriya’s losing altitude fast! Hopefully he’s
got a good landing strategy, huh?” The other announcer is censored out again. Tomura’s
game turns to dust in his grip. His fingers clench around the grit.
In seconds, Izuku manages to brace himself with a foot on each of the other boys’ shoulders,
using the metal plate he was flying on to trigger another explosion. His competition staggers
to the sides while Izuku goes flying forward once more, tucking himself into a ball to roll
across the ground, popping up in a run.
“What a twist! Man, what is Nedzu teaching that kid?”

“He came that way.”
“Who would have seen it coming? Our unexpected first place – Midoriya Izuku!”
Through the television, the crowd’s cheer is an indistinct roar. Izuku’s face fills the screen,
wide-eyed and overwhelmed. His cheeks are smudged with dirt and blood, and bruise-like
shadows cling under his eyes. His lips tremble in an attempt at a smile, but it crumbles to
pieces before anything can come of it. Tears eat tracks in the grime on his face. He ducks his
head, buries his face in his hands. The camera cuts back to the tunnel, where Todoroki and
Bakugou both claim second and third place.
“Breathe, Tomura,” Kurogiri instructs softly. Tomura’s gasp is like a gun shot.
“What are we waiting for?” Tomura asks. “We know where he is. Let’s end this.”
He cannot feel his mouth move, isn’t aware of his lips forming the words, but he hears his
own voice in his ears. His face is hot, his hands are cold. His chest is tight, his head doesn’t
feel like it’s connected to his body. There is a pressure behind his eyes, he wants to rip them
out of his head to release it.
“You would be dead in moments if we went now.”
Tomura stares at the television. Izuku’s face isn’t on the screen anymore, but it is seared
behind Tomura’s eyelids. He will never unsee that boy, who is not his brother. That boy,
whose face Tomura knows so well, whose name is like a knife between the shoulder blades.
“If I get to take him down with me, then so be it.”

Chapter End Notes

Mic: I wonder where the little listener is
Izuku: *causes a massive explosion*
Aizawa: Found him
Hitoshi: Please god, let me have just one good day
Nedzu, with his robots: Ha, you again? Give it a rest, buddy!
(after running in to Izuku)
Hitoshi: He has a strength quirk
Aoyama: No, he has a healing quirk
Hitoshi: He literally grabbed me by the arm and tossed me nearly ten feet
Aoyama: He literally told me he has a healing quirk
Mei: Pen Finding
Hitoshi & Aoyama: What?
Mei: His quirk is Pen Finding.
(they both decide it’s probably wisest not to argue)

Next chapter: Half-Cold Half-Hot – Part III
Update: Feb 25

Chapter 19: Half-Cold Half-Hot - Part III
Chapter Notes

Hello again! Sorry about last week, but sometimes your body just says “stop it. get some
help,” and forces you to take a break. (For clarification, I’m perfectly fine, I was just
having some bad headaches that made it hard for me to write because I have Chronic
Little Bitch Syndrome)
I wish ao3 had statuses or something so I could update you guys on stuff like that real
time, but hey – I guess that’s what the Discord is for. That and memes, of course.
Cloud: X X X X X X
Howie: X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The ringing in Katsuki’s ears eclipses the roar of his pulse, but he can feel his heart beating in
his arms, a heavy tattoo against the fragile skin of his wrists, pounding like a war drum.
Broadcast in slow motion on every screen throughout the stadium, Katsuki watches his own
face as Deku steals the win right out from under him – the gradual dawning of realization,
followed by the instantaneous ignition of a fury.
Deku, fucking Deku, he came out of nowhere.
“Damn it,” Katsuki growls. “Damn it!” He can’t hear the words, but they vibrate in his throat.
Where the hell had Deku come from? How the hell had this happened again?
Katsuki clutches at his forearm, squeezes the aching bones there and tells himself to get the
fuck over the pain of it. Half-and-Half stands to the side, a step ahead, breath fogging the air
in front of him in great plumes.
Second fucking place. Katsuki couldn’t even get second fucking place.
“Deku,” Katsuki says. He knows he says it, even if he’s still half deaf, because the icy-hot
bastard looks over. He glances from Katsuki to Deku, recognition written over his usually
unreadable features. But Deku himself doesn’t move, standing less than ten feet away – too
fucking close – with his head lowered into his hands. He is trembling faintly, a faint tremor
that Katsuki can feel himself, like the aftershocks of a distant earthquake.
“Deku,” Katsuki repeats, louder this time, until he can hear the rasp of his own voice through
the high-pitched whine in his head. Deku scrubs his hands over his face, rubs at his eyes.
They are red-rimmed and glazed with tears when he looks up. His mouth forms the familiar
shapes of Katsuki’s name.

“What the fuck was that,” Katsuki says. He hopes it sounds like a demand rather than a
question. Izuku shakes his head and Katsuki gnashes his teeth. No answer, no explanation, no
nothing. Only tears and tired eyes and a shake of the head, like Katsuki doesn’t deserve to
know.
“Fucking answer me, you bastard,” Katsuki spits. Deku takes a half step back, hunching his
shoulders up. It’s nearly gratifying, but only nearly, because the god damned worthless piece
of shit still doesn’t say anything, looking at the ground like Katsuki isn’t even worth
acknowledging.
Katsuki matches the half step back with two steps forward. If it were up to him, Deku would
be as far away from Katsuki’s school as possible, but the shitty villain is already here. The
measure of joy Katsuki takes when Deku cringes away from his advance is just compensation
for all the fucked up shit Deku has done. Katsuki imagines pressing closer. Imagines backing
Deku into a corner until he flees like the little coward Katsuki knows he is. Flees far away,
where Katsuki will never have to see him again, and maybe this time he’ll actually have the
brains to stay gone.
A heavy arm slings itself over Katsuki’s shoulder before the fantasy can become anything
more than a twitch of his fingers. A snarl primed on his lips, Katsuki whirls to Shitty Hair,
shoving the moron away as he tries to rest his spiky fucking head on Katsuki’s shoulder. The
asshole huffs against the hand Katsuki shoves against his face, as if he’s been horribly
wronged when he’s the one trying to put holes in Katsuki’s uniform with that ridiculous hair.
“Come on, bro,” the idiot cries, voice too loud, easily piercing the cotton in Katsuki’s ears.
He pushes Katsuki’s hand away from his face. “I just made the top ten, I’m tired! Let me rest,
come on!”
“Rest on the damn ground!”
“The ground?” Shitty Hair asks, gasping dramatically. “What kind of bro leaves his bro on
the ground?”
“The kind that thinks you’re fucking heavy! Get off me.”
Shitty Hair snaps his fingers with a grin. “So you admit we’re bros, then!” Katsuki shoves
him off his feet. He lands on his ass, laughing obnoxiously. He kicks at Katsuki’s ankles, as if
to knock him down as well, but Katsuki sidesteps easily on account of not being a clumsy
fucking idiot. Scowling down at the other boy as his laughter tapers off, Katsuki can see the
exact moment Shitty Hair’s eyes flick to Deku.
“Hey!” he calls, cementing himself, once and for all, as a complete moron in Katsuki’s mind.
“You’re that kid from the USJ! Deku, right?”
“It’s I-Izuku, actually,” Deku responds, pale as a sheet, both hands clenched into fists in the
hem of his uniform. And of course he’ll correct Shitty Hair, of course he’ll do that when he’ll
barely even spare Katsuki a fucking glance. Katsuki growls, a vicious subverbal sound that
makes most people edge away from him. Deku barely flickers a look at him. Shitty Hair
kicks Katsuki in the ankle while he is distracted.

“What the fuck?!”
Shitty Hair scrunches up his nose. “Stop acting feral, dude,” he says. “You’re giving 1-A a
bad reputation; everyone thinks we have rabies or something.”
“Why the hell should I care?”
“Do you have rabies?” Shitty Hair squints, picking himself up off the ground and trying to
lean in close to Katsuki’s face. Katsuki headbutts him the moment he gets too close.
“I don’t have fucking rabies!” Katsuki shouts. Deku giggles, a small sound that ignites
Katsuki’s temper like a match to gasoline.
He spins around, prepared to show the little thief exactly why no one should play with
fucking fire, but Shitty Hair catches him with an elbow to the stomach, stepping between
Katsuki and Deku with a bright grin. He slings his arm back around Katsuki’s shoulder, a
friendly gesture that threatens to become a restraint at any moment. As if the spiky bastard
could actually stop Katsuki from doing anything if Katsuki really wanted to.
“Ignore him,” Shitty Hair says brightly, rubbing with his free hand at the red mark developing
on his forehead. “He has rabies, you know how it is.”
“Y-yeah,” Deku says with a smile that doesn’t reach his eyes. “I, uh, I’m f-familiar.”
“Anyway, Deku – ah, sorry! Izuku. I’ve been meaning to say thanks!”
“Don’t fucking thank him!” Katsuki snaps. The arm around his shoulders tightens.
“T-thanks? I – no. W-why?”
“For the USJ, obviously. Standing up to those guys the way you did was super manly!”
“M-manly?”
“Yeah! You totally saved Bakubro’s skin. You know he – he may be kind of like a rabid dog,
but he’s our rabid dog, yeah? So thanks!”
“I don’t – you s-shouldn’t be th-th-thanking m-me.” Katsuki hates to agree with Deku about
anything, but even a stopped clock is right twice a day. He bares his teeth.
“Well, I am! Deal with it! I’m Kirishima Eijiro, by the way. I think it’s super manly that
you’re doing rehabilitation or whatever, so hopefully we can be friends!”
And then, the crowning glory of all idiocy, the final stupid cherry on top of an entire moronic
cake – Shitty Hair offers his hand to Deku. Grinning and fucking clueless, completely
ignoring all the times Katsuki has told him to stay the fuck away from fucking Deku. Katsuki
squirms against the grip he’s caught in, elbowing Shitty Hair in the side, but the bastard just
tightens his arm around Katsuki’s shoulders until he practically has Katsuki in a headlock.

“Don’t mind him,” Shitty Hair says as Katsuki growls and Deku eyes the offered hand. “He
won’t bite. Actually, he probably would, but I won’t let him, so don’t worry!”
“Like you could fucking stop me!” Katsuki spits. He considers biting Shitty Hair right there
and then, just to prove the point, but he doesn’t know where the idiot has been and Katsuki’s
not dumb enough himself to risk actually catching something.
“I’m not afraid of Kacchan,” Deku says softly. Katsuki wonders how big of an explosion he
would need to get Shitty Hair to let go of him. As obnoxious as the spiky haired bastard is,
Katsuki isn’t particularly keen on the idea of hurting him outside of training, but the dumbass
is playing with fucking fire and it’s better he gets burned by Katsuki than Deku.
“Oh man, you call him Kacchan? That’s awesome!”
“Don’t you fucking dare repeat that! I’ll kill you!”
Katsuki glares as Deku finally takes Shitty Hair’s hand. The contact is brief, perfunctory, and
the moment it is over, Deku is making a break for it, dodging through the slowly thickening
crowd of finished students, as if he has somewhere to be. Shitty Hair relaxes his grip on
Katsuki, grin wide and naively satisfied. Katsuki pops a small warning explosion and then
swings a much larger one at Shitty Hair’s face. Eyes wide and smile disappearing, the idiot
blocks it with his arm. His sleeve falls down his forearm, revealing jagged facets of quirkenforced skin.
“What was that for?!” Shitty Hair demands, pouting like Katsuki kicked his puppy.
“Fucking deserved it,” is all Katsuki says in response, shaking Shitty Hair’s arm off his
shoulder. He lets one last explosion dance over his palm while Shitty Hair sticks his tongue
out – second-checking, reassuring.

Hitoshi places 27th. There are 40 hero students every year and Hitoshi – Hitoshi in general
education, Hitoshi with the villain quirk, Hitoshi who doesn’t have what it takes to be a hero
– places 27th. He can’t help but grin to himself as he watches the places behind him fill.
UA may be the best hero school in the country, but there’s one thing they really just don’t
understand, and Hitoshi himself if a prime example of it. As far as UA is concerned, strength
is being able to beat up robots. All the students who got in were robot-strong, and Hitoshi
wasn’t, so he didn’t get in. But people-strong is an entirely different thing than robot-strong.
Thinking and adapting instead of just brute forcing is something that robots can’t really
prepare you for, not when you already have the power to blast them into pieces. There are at
least thirteen robot-strong hero students who aren’t Hitoshi-strong. He beat them, after all.
And he’ll beat them again. Again and again, however many times it takes.

Even if he has to fight in a god damned cavalry battle.
Jesus Christ. Hitoshi really is the butt of this joke, isn’t he? First the robots, then the heights,
then the mines. Granted, Hitoshi doesn’t have anything specifically against landmines, but at
the same time – they’re explosions – they’re explosions and he’s a fifteen-year-old beanpole.
He may have managed to get through it with impressive speed and grace, if he does say so
himself – which he does, even if he may definitely be lying on at least one of those fronts –
but it’s still pretty far from an ideal matchup.
And now it’s team activities. Hitoshi loves a good team activity. Eagerly looks forward to
them. Misses them when they’re not happening. Yep. Definitely.
Sarcasm, as Hitoshi’s father will inform anyone who will listen, is Hitoshi’s favorite defense
mechanism.
Here’s the thing - people don’t team up with Hitoshi. He’s always the last person left, and
then he’s awkwardly paired up with whatever other social outcast gets pushed to the fringes.
Or worse, he’s tacked onto a pre-existing group, an afterthought that everyone else resents.
And actually contributing to groups? That’s made pretty difficult when people get jumpy
whenever he tries to say anything. God forbid he has a question, someone might actually try
to burn him at the stake.
Now here he is, the only gen ed student who made it to the second event. On one hand – hell
yes, screw all his classmates who rolled their eyes at him because he made it and they didn’t,
so get fucked. On the other hand – none of these hero students are going to want to pair up
with the random gen ed kid with the unknown quirk when they have actual friends who have
actual training.
Sure enough, as soon as Midnight makes the announcement, people are beelining to each
other, clumping together in decided groups, or crowding around particularly desirable peers.
Man, it must feel good to be someone like Bakugou or Todoroki, born with everything they
ever needed to have their dreams handed to them on silver platters. He wonders what the
sports festival looks like through their eyes. Just a school event. An important opportunity at
most, rather than the single thing that will make or break the rest of their life.
He catches sight of the green haired boy – Midoriya Izuku, Hitoshi knows now, after the
spectacle the boy caused. Midoriya stands frozen on the edge of the crowd, not the center,
though Hitoshi would have expected him to be mobbed like the other major players in the
game. But no, he’s just standing there, apart from everyone else, almost like they don’t even
see him. And he’s got such ridiculously big eyes. That was the first thing Hitoshi ever noticed
about Midoriya, and he notices it again now, because they are so wide and so hollow.
Midoriya looks like Hitoshi feels. Anxious, a bit hopeless, more than a bit desperate. Like he
would rather disappear than deal with this, but simultaneously wishes he could just deal with
it in the same easy way everyone else seems to. Like this single thing will make or break the
rest of his life and he’s looking over the precipice of breaking and wondering how he’s meant
to keep the pieces together.

Maybe, somehow, Midoriya is like Hitoshi. Maybe, somehow, he doesn’t have anyone. And
maybe that means they can be the solution to each other’s problem.
Hitoshi has only half thought the thought when Midoriya is set upon. Hatsume Mei – who
Hitoshi recognizes by virtue of her being one of only two other non-hero students to make it
through the qualifiers – pounces on Midoriya from behind. Midoriya nearly jumps out of his
skin but relaxes when he turns to her. A blonde boy slides up to the pair, striking a pose with
his arms extended. Midoriya grins at him, nodding. Suddenly he doesn’t look so alone or
hollow or desperate. Hitoshi thinks he was probably just projecting to begin with.
It makes sense that Midoriya has friends. He has some kind of amazing quirk, and he’s
clearly skilled with using it. Probably never doubted that he could be a hero, and why would
he? The way he screwed Hitoshi over and then saved him a second later? That has limelight
heroics written all over it. Hitoshi really doesn’t vibe with that kind of power and flash.
Starting out with 10,000,000 points would have been bad for him, anyway. He already has a
plan, and it requires not drawing a ridiculous amount of hostile attention right from the getgo.
It also requires Brainwashing at least two – preferably three – people, so Hitoshi should
probably get on that. He walks up to a group of two, placing a hand on each of their
shoulders as he insinuates himself between them. The first boy, on the shorter side, with pale
blue hair and a round face jumps but offers Hitoshi a questioning smile. The second, a
blonde, raises an imperious eyebrow with a smile that seems far more confident and far less
sincere. Hitoshi recognizes them both in that they finished after he did, which is ideal for
keeping their total point value low.
“Looking for a third?” Hitoshi asks.
“Oh, we’re not–”
“No thanks.”
“Perfect,” Hitoshi says as both their eyes glaze over. “Two for one deal. Stay close to me.”
Hitoshi scans the crowd for other stragglers. He’ll want to catch someone alone, or he risks
other students growing wise to what he’s doing. After a moment, he catches sight of someone
separate from the clusters of people. The boy seems to be making his way to somewhere and
Hitoshi orders his current minions to stay put before moving to intercept the new minionprospect.
“Hey!” Hitoshi calls to get the boy’s attention. “Do you need a team?”
The boy doesn’t really stop, but he does glance back. “No, sorry–”
Now he stops, frozen in Hitoshi’s grasp. He has a tail, Hitoshi realizes. What a happy
accident. Hitoshi doesn’t really know how much influence his quirk has over the quirks of
those under his control, and it’s not something that’s easy to investigate when he doesn’t even
know what quirks the people have. But a tail? If he can tell someone to move their arm, he
can tell them to move their tail.

“Follow me,” Hitoshi tells Tail-Boy, leading the way back to the other two, Blue-Boy and
Blonde-Boy. No, Tail-Boy is also blonde, so that won’t work. Tail-Boy, Blue-Boy, and
Asshole – the third one just seems like an asshole. Hitoshi would know; like recognizes like.
“Here’s the plan,” he tells them. “I’ll be the rider. We’ll stick to the edges and pick off
headbands from the lower ranked teams. Remember – quantity over quality.” His audience is
silent. Hitoshi is pretty sure they can’t actually hear him. Or, more accurately, they hear him,
but if it’s not an order, they don’t process it. Don’t process it, don’t remember it when they
come to – might as well be talking to himself, really.
“Sounds like a plan?” Hitoshi asks. Of course, his teammates, if they can really be called that,
don’t answer. He sighs. “Sounds like a plan.”

The problem isn’t the teams. Izuku can think of dozens of amazing team compositions and
strategies. There are clear front runners among the students who have qualified, but the right
team ups could completely overthrow that status quo, and every single person in the arena
has the potential to be an amazingly valuable asset. No, the problem isn’t the teams.
The problem is Izuku.
Because how is he meant to fit into any of them? All the ambitious teams will be gunning for
the 10,000,000 points. The points a liability, and no one here has any reason to have
confidence that Izuku can protect them. The majority of them have no idea who he is, where
he came from, or what he can do. If they recognize him at all, it’s as a villain, as a person
who terrorized them mere weeks ago. Izuku has strategy, but teamwork is built on trust,
which he neither has nor deserves. Which means he’s a liability.
At this rate, he’s going to end up disqualified. He won’t be able to make a team, so he won’t
be able to continue, much less win. Then they won’t be able to transfer him to the hero
course, and after that it’s only a matter of time before Nedzu and Eraser and Mic all start to
wonder why they’re actually bothering with him. He’ll take up all their time and their
resources and if he’s not in the hero course it’s not like he’ll be able to give anything in return
and then they’ll realize what a mistake they made and Izuku will be tossed in jail like he
probably should have been from the beginning. And then when Tomura comes for him Izuku
will be sitting on a thin prison mattress in some concrete cell deep underground, and he can’t
save anyone in that position, least of all Tomura. So he’ll die a painful but quiet death and the
world will hardly even notice and Tomura will be worse off than he ever was before Izuku
went and fucked everything up so everything Izuku has done will just be an exercise in
seeing how many regrets one boy can gather. And if there’s an afterlife, his father will meet
him in hell and–
When Izuku is tackled from behind, his first thought is that he probably deserves whatever
attack some 1-A student must be launching on him. His second thought, a few delayed

seconds later, is that that maniacal giggling doesn’t belong to anyone in 1-A, but it is familiar.
Izuku turns, the arms latched around his neck easily disengaging.
“Pen Boy!” Pen Girl greets, leaning so close to Izuku that the edges of her chunky goggles
brush the tips of his hair. “Team up with me!”
“Me?” Izuku asks dumbly.
“You’re the one in first place, aren’t you? Everyone’s gonna be watching you, and I want
everyone to watch me. So team up with me!” She leans back, finally giving Izuku enough
space to breathe, pulling her goggles up to rest on top of her head. The strip of tape wrapped
around her pen – pink, with yellow stars – is a flash of color along the side of the leather
band.
She points a thumb at herself. “I’m Hatsume Mei, future CEO of Hatsume Industries, current
support student!”
“Support student?” Izuku asks, feeling a bubble of infectious excitement. Of course Hatsume
is a support student – the gear is a dead giveaway.
“Yep! I’ve got tons of super cute babies! There’s something for everyone, and you can use
whatever you’d like, as long as all those big companies in the stands will see. I don’t know
you, but you’re in first place, and that’s something I can use that to my advantage. It’s free
marketing! Let me join your team!”
“Me too!” a new voice calls. Aoyama Yuga strikes a pose, both arms in the air. After a
lengthy pause, he lowers them, lacing his fingers beneath his chin and batting his eyelashes.
“You too?” Izuku asks, still taken aback by the first offer.
“Oui! Je m’appelle Aoyama Yuga.” He bows with a small flourish. “I would not have made it
this far without your help. I would like to return the favor! C’est bon?”
“You don’t h-have to–”
“Non,” Aoyama interrupts. He smiles, smaller than usual, but soft and grateful. “It’s not a
matter of obligation, mon amie. You were très gentil when I needed someone to be. My
quirk… isn’t the strongest, as you are unfortunately aware, but if you are willing to have me
on your team, it would be mon honneur.”
The sincerity of the words brings tears to Izuku’s eyes, but he smiles through them, nodding
his head. There is a voice in the back of his head that questions whether he should accept
such a sweet sentiment from someone who is only offering it because they don’t have all the
information. Afterall, Aoyama certainly wouldn’t be calling Izuku kind if he knew all the
things Izuku has done. But Izuku considers the urgency of needing a team, considers the
cascading consequences of failing here, and buries the voice.
“Alright,” Izuku says. “We’ll want a f-fourth member if we can g-get one. Any id-deas?”
Hatsume shrugs cheerfully. “I don’t know who any of these people are!”

Honestly, Izuku will take anyone they can get. Everyone who has made it this far is capable.
Ideally, they’d gain some form of defense, maybe mobility, but realistically, Izuku doesn’t
have the luxury of choice. People will naturally want to team up with their friends, or at least
their classmates – people they are familiar with. They won’t want to take a gamble on Izuku.
Izuku is surprised enough that two people are not only willing, but eager, to partner with
him.
While he looks, Izuku can’t help but take note of the groups forming around them. Todoroki
and Katsuki were both swarmed the moment team building began, and while Katsuki still
seems to be sorting through candidates, Todoroki has chosen his team with admirable
efficiency.
Yaoyorozu, Iida, and Uraraka. A combination to watch out for, certainly. Todoroki and
Yaoyorozu are both incredibly versatile combatants. Yaoyorozu tends to suffer under
pressure, thankfully, but with Todoroki to cover her and buy her the time her quirk needs,
they’ll be formidable. Then Iida, who likely has the best mobility of all the contestants, which
will only be increased by proper application of Uraraka’s quirk. From what Izuku has seen,
Todoroki is an intelligent and level-headed strategist and Yaoyorozu is capable of coming up
with brilliant counters when she doesn’t let her insecurity get the best of her. Iida is a rational
and tactical thinker, though sometimes to a fault, and Uraraka is remarkably creative with her
problem-solving.
And they certainly aren’t the only group to watch out for. Tetsutetsu and Kendo are both
gathering daunting teams of their own. Asui has recruited Shoji and Izuku can already guess
what she is planning – though if they do what he thinks they will, the foreknowledge won’t
make the strategy any less effective. And Katsuki might be taking longer, but Izuku is certain
that’s only because he’s thinking through strategies to take best advantage of the abilities that
are at his disposal. Katsuki doesn’t settle for anything less than the best, and Izuku doubts
that this will be any exception.
Aoyama scans the crowd for a moment himself, then snaps his fingers. “Tokoyami is still
alone!”
“He is?” Izuku asks. He didn’t see Tokoyami in any of the teams he was observing, but still
assumed that someone would have snatched him up.
“Oui,” Aoyama confirms, pointing to where Tokoyami stands, slightly apart from everyone,
watching the situation progress. “He’s always been a bit of a loner, non? I’ll go ask him.”
Aoyama skips away before Izuku can say anything, approaching Tokoyami with enviable
ease. Izuku flushes and ducks his head when Aoyama points back to where he and Hatsume
are waiting. He thinks about waving, something friendly and welcoming, but reconsiders
halfway through the movement and ends up raising his hand only to drop it limply. Hatsume
giggles and the heat spreading over Izuku’s face intensifies. He stares resolutely at the
ground, only looking back up when footsteps approach – two pairs, Izuku is equally pleased
and embarrassed to note.
“I apologize if I am being too blunt,” Tokoyami says in lieu of a greeting, “but given that
time is working against us, I’ll cut straight to the point. Your victory in the first round was

impressive, but I am unfamiliar with you. How do you plan to secure another victory?”
Izuku blinks, processing the question. Then he nods. “This round isn’t about victory. It’s
about survival. But I assure you we will be moving on to the next round.”
Tokoyami cocks his head. “Are you a general education student?”
“Oh.” Izuku’s determined confidence ebbs away like a receding tide, and he suddenly can’t
keep eye contact. He grinds the toe of his shoe into the dirt, carving an arching line in front of
him. “N-no. I’m not – I’m not, uh, in a cl-class. I’m… N-Ned-Nedzu’s student, I g-guess.”
“Nedzu!” Hatsume shouts. “You must be super smart or something then, huh, Pen-kun?”
“It’s I-Izuku,” Izuku corrects weakly. “And I’m n-not – it’s just, well. Or s-something, rreally.”
Tokoyami stares for a long, intense moment, inscrutable even by his already-high standards.
Dark Shadow coalesces over his shoulder, gripping at his collar with little clawed hands. She
stares at Izuku as well, eyes like yellow lanterns in a thick purple-black mist. Izuku has never
been this close to Tokoyami and Dark Shadow before, and she looks so much like Kurogiri
that Izuku’s chest feels like it is cracking open. She tugs at Tokoyami’s collar. Tokoyami
nods.
“What’s your plan?” he asks. Izuku swallows and tears his eyes away from Dark Shadow.
“Hatsume–”
“Call me Mei!”
“I – uh, al-alright. What g-gear do you have?”
“Oh, I have lots of babies,” she brags, hands on her hips. “What do you need?”
“M-mobility first.”
“Well, I have my hover boots, obviously!” She lifts her leg and gestures to the mechanics
there. “A propulsion-grappling system. And this!” She twists around to point at the device on
her back. “I have lots of babies that are inspired by hero’s quirks – with my own twist, of
course!”
“Are you talking about Air Jet?” Izuku asks, studying the details of what he assumes is a jet
pack. Hatsume – Mei – gasps and claps excitedly. She bends over slightly so Izuku can get a
better look at the vents along the sides and bottom of the pack, bouncing on her heels.
“Yes! You know him?”
“Mhmm. I grew up near his agency. I w-went on a tour of it, once.” He had been eight years
old. His mother threatened to put him on a leash if he didn’t stop running off whenever he
saw something new that excited him. It feels like a different lifetime, at this point.

“I have lots more babies! Wanna see?”
“Do you have any weapons?”
Hatsume cackles. “I like the way you think, Pen Boy! Of course I have weapons! Any
preferences?”
“A staff,” Izuku answers without hesitation. “I can make do with something else, but a staff is
best for close range offense and defense, with the least risk of someone losing their head.”
“One staff coming right up!” Hatsume produces a large case from seemingly nowhere,
slamming it onto the ground and sitting cross-legged in front of it. Izuku gets down on his
knees with her. Tokoyami and Aoyama stay standing, but Dark Shadow stretches away from
Tokoyami to peer curiously at the contents, looping around Izuku’s back. After a moment,
she perches lightly in his hair.
“Dark Shadow,” Tokoyami scolds.
“She’s fine,” Izuku replies, distracted. Dark Shadow tugs at one of his curls, but Izuku hardly
notices, even when Tokoyami clicks his tongue at her.
The case is full of marvels – several knives, some type of gun, and a handful of gadgets that
Izuku can’t identify. Mei pulls a cylinder out of the case, about two fists long. She holds it to
the side, presses a button. Displaced air whooshes as the staff rapidly extends, reaching its
full length between one blink and the next.
“Tada!” Mei cries. “Staff!” She passes it to Izuku, and he weighs it in his hand. It is lighter
than he would prefer, but considering how small it was in the case, it’s heavier than he would
have expected. He spins it over his head, careful not to slam it into the ground or any of his
companions as he gets a feel for the balance of it.
“Thank you, Mei,” he says, nodding to her. “It’s excellent. Now, what are these?” Careful not
to touch, he points to a cluster of innocuous looking metal spheres, connected in groups of
three by a thick knot of cabling. Mei pulls one out, holds it up, and presses another hidden
button somewhere. With a hiss, cable unwinds from within the spheres, until they are
dangling, one lower than the other two. Izuku grins.
“Bolas?” he asks.
“Not just any bolas! After you’ve gotten someone all tangled up in them, you can make them
magnetic – no one’s untangling them, then! And as an added bonus, you can make them
electric! Knock them down and shock them into submission! Cute, right?”
Izuku laughs. “Super cute,” he agrees. “And just what we need.”
Mei nods. “I can link them to your staff. Then you can use the buttons there to control the
effects! I wanted to make the staff a taser, but I was having issues with conductivity and
durable.”
“How do I contract the staff?”

“Press and hold the big button. White button is for electricity, black is for magnets”
It takes Izuku a moment to locate the button she’s talking about, as inobtrusive as it is, flush
with the metal and nearly the same steel grey, but once he finds it, the staff obediently
compresses back into a small cylinder. It takes slightly longer for the staff to fold together
than to expand, but not prohibitively long. Mei reaches out for it, and he passes it to her
without question. He stands and brushes the dirt off his pants.
He looks to Mei, still sitting with her gadgets, hunched over the staff and the bolas. A light
flashes between the devices and she grins up at him, enthusiasm and pride both well-earned.
Aoyama picks up one of the other bolas from the case, turning it between his hands until he
locates the button that extends the rope. He twirls them with surprising grace. Dark Shadow
presses against Tokoyami’s face, wrapping her arms around his head.
It’s a very rag tag team. Mei just wants to show off. Aoyama and Tokoyami’s quirks actively
conflict with each other. Izuku himself has to carefully manage his own quirk use or risk
public panic. None of them know each other, not really. They have little to no idea how to
work together, and he suspects that none of them are accustomed to teamwork in general.
Everyone will be gunning for them. It’s a trial by fire.
But Izuku has to win the sports festival. And more than that, he can’t be the reason other
people fail. Necessity brings a special kind of determination, the kind that blurs into a steely
confidence. When something needs to be done, you do it. The sports festival won’t be the
thing that stops him, not after he has come this far, not after all the things he has already
done, not with all the things he has to make up for.
“Alright,” Izuku begins, “the plan. How attached are we to the 10,000,000 points?”

Chapter End Notes

Hitoshi: *sees Izuku alone*
Hitoshi: maybe… we could be… frie—
Mei: *appears*
Hitoshi: I’m Not Here To Make Friends.
Aoyama: *speaks French*
Tokoyami: *speaks emo*
Mei: I have no idea what you’re saying! :D
Katsuki (shaking hands) Tomura
Having rabies, probably
Next Chapter: Half-Cold Half-Hot – Part IV
Update: Mar 11

Chapter 20: Half-Cold Half-Hot - Part IV
Chapter Notes

Hopefully this doesn’t seem too rushed, but I’m still learning how to pace things
properly – especially action, since I’m more of an introspection person, if you hadn’t
noticed
Now, have some memes from the Discord!
Cloud: X X X X X X
Lena: X
Nellie: X X X
Also, last thing, I have an (unrealistic) ambition to someday illustrate the entirety of this
story. I love illustrated fics so much and I love to draw, so in an ideal world, IGG would
have an art piece or two for every part. Obviously that’s a lot of work, especially on top
of, you know, needing to write the story to begin with, but it’s a project I have on the
backburner, nonetheless. Have no idea how far I’ll actually ever get with it, but here’s
what I did for chapter one!
Izuku has his mother’s quirk!
Izuku has,,, Katsuki’s quirk?

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Considering that Fumikage is eternally bonded to a sentient being of darkness with the
mentality and temperament of an energetic, rebellious, and occasionally somewhat malicious
child, he often finds himself befuddled by the company he winds up keeping. Never has this
been more true than now. Aoyama Yuga – who seems to script his every interaction to criteria
of glamor and presentation, who would rather be perceived as shallow than as flawed.
Hatsume Mei – who possesses a gleefully oblivious sadism that could rival Dark Shadow’s,
who already seems more than halfway consumed by the madness of her science, despite her
young age. Midoriya Izuku, perhaps oddest of all – who stutters through introductions but
speaks easily of weapons and strategy, who knows the details of each of his teammates’
quirks without needing to ask what they are, who says nothing of his own quirk and seems
relieved that no one asks, who is not affiliated with any course because he is not an official
student, who attributes his status as Nedzu’s personal student to “or something.”
Fumikage can guess what that something may be.
But as odd as his unanticipated teammates unquestionably are, Fumikage himself is hardly an
outlier. Few people have ever dared to call him normal, after all. More often, he hears
“unnerving,” “disturbing,” or, most frequently, “creepy,” though he appreciates that moniker
least of all. Who is Fumikage – as dubiously disturbing and undoubtably odd as he is – to
judge someone on where darkness has led them? Here they find themselves, walking the

same path. Why shun a man for where he has tread before when you can instead choose to
walk side by side? Company is a valuable thing, and the ability to make any variety of
strangers into companions is a valuable skill.
At the top of their formation, Midoriya’s determination whips around him like a war banner,
eyes like venom and broken glass. Perhaps Fumikage should call him Izuku – that seems to
be his preferred form of address, and far be it for Fumikage to disrespect those preferences,
but the name seems far too informal when the boy looms with all the heavy presence of a
harbinger. Dark Shadow feeds off it, swelling to a size she rarely reaches in the bright light of
day, trembling with a heady excitement that brushes against Fumikage’s consciousness like a
static charge.
“Are we ready?” Midoriya asks, solid as stone as the speakers around the arena crackle to life
with Present Mic’s voice. Aoyama shouts back an affirmative. Hatsume giggles. Fumikage
nods. Dark Shadow shrieks, dissonant and grating, like an entire murder taking flight. The
display is enough to cause several of the nearby teams to cringe back, shoulders flinching
towards their ears, but the hands holding Midoriya up all remain steady.
In the whisper of silence between the last beats of Present Mic’s countdown, Midoriya says,
“I’m counting on you.”
Chaos descends in an instant. Fumikage’s instincts demand he withdraw; Dark Shadow’s
battlelust demands she surge forward. Beneath their feet, the ground wavers, hard packed dirt
suddenly slipping against itself in a sticky soup that swallows Fumikage up to the ankles in
their mere moment of hesitation. Hatsume makes a noise of distaste as the electronics around
her shoes are similarly consumed.
“Alright!” Tetsutetsu from class B yells.
Jirou takes advantage of the opening, lashing out with her jacks, aimed directly for
Midoriya’s head. Dark Shadow bats her attack out of the air easily, cawing with mocking
triumph as Jirou grits her teeth and winces at the sound. As gleeful as she is, Dark Shadow
pays no attention to the thin green tendril that whips away from one of Tetsutetsu’s horses.
Midoriya reels back as the vine whips towards his face, ducking halfway around it only for a
thorn to snag on the fabric of his headband, unwinding it and tugging it away. Midoriya
lunges in pursuit but is intercepted by an explosion, reeling backwards, yellow sparks
reflected by wide eyes.
“Deku,” Bakugou growls, snatching Midoriya’s collar in a smoking fist. His canines flash in
a snarl that seems to pass for a grin by Bakugou’s standards. He lands – lands, because he has
left his team shouting frantically ten feet away – crouched on Hatsume and Aoyama’s
shoulders. They both waver, shouting protests, but neither falls, even with his additional
weight and the unstable ground working against them.
“Katsuki,” Midoriya says, voice admirably level as he closes a hand around Bakugou’s wrist.
“We don’t have what you’re looking for.” Bakugou’s eyes, fixed for a moment on where
Midoriya is touching him, dart to his forehead. The left side of his face twitches, a spasm that
flickers, however briefly, through fear and doubt and panic where Fumikage has only ever
see anger, irritation, and occasional boredom.

“Blink and you miss it!” Present Mic shouts, voice echoing through the stadium. “All it takes
is a moment for the tables to turn in an event like this! Less than a minute in and already
Team Midoriya, our front runner, has found themselves at the bottom of the pack while team
Tetsutetsu has claimed the coveted 10,000,000 points!”
“Damn it! Couldn’t even last a fucking minute. So fucking useless,” Bakugou spits, tugging
Midoriya closer to him, shaking him by the grip he has on his shirt. The ground swirls and
solidifies beneath Fumikage’s feet as team Tetsutetsu releases them and moves on, frantically
attempting to put distance between themselves and all the teams whose ire they have gained.
“Are you surprised?” Midoriya asks mildly. “You won’t win this fight by worrying about me,
Katsuki.” Bakugou’s expression flickers again, too fast for Fumikage to read.
“Stay out of my way,” he says, releasing Midoriya’s collar after one last jerk. “The next time
I see you I’m going to grind you to fucking dust, don’t you forget it. Those 10,000,000 points
were meant to be mine and I am going to damn well get them.”
An explosion crackles between his fingers as he leans back, studying Midoriya with a shrewd
stare that Midoriya meets impassively. Bakugou sneers, clicks his tongue, and for a moment
Fumikage half expects that he will attack Midoriya again, more vehemently this time. In
Fumikage’s experience, Bakugou has always been undeterrable when he has a target within
his sights – an intense tenacity, as much a weakness as it is a strength, but nevertheless
intimidating to be on the wrong side of. But then he jumps backwards, spring boarding from
Aoyama and Hatsume’s shoulders with a small blast to propel him away. A second later, he is
snagged about the waist by a length of Sero’s tape.
“What the hell was that!?” Ashido demands the instant they have him in their grasp again.
“You can’t just blast off on your own! Is that even allowed?”
“It’s fucking fine!” Bakugou shouts. “That’s what I got Dollar Store Spider-Man for, don’t
fucking yell at me!”
“You’re the one who’s yelling!”
“As long as he doesn’t touch the ground, it’s allowed!” Midnight interjects. “It’s a
technicality, but we encourage those here!”
“See! Fine!”
“Uh, Bakubro?”
“What?!” Bakugou snaps.
“Where’d your headband go?”
Bakugou, hunched over to snarl more effectively at Ashido, straightens his spine. Slowly, he
touches his forehead, running his fingers along the uncovered expanse of skin there that
creases with the deepening furrow of his brows. His eyes, red as fire and fury lock unto
Midoriya once more. Midoriya shakes the white strip of fabric out, then stretches it between

his hands and ties it around his neck. He doesn’t so much as glance over to Bakugou, who
sits in an unnerving silence. The air around him seems to waver with heat and hatred, and
Fumikage can’t tear his own eyes away, looking between Bakugou and the nervous faces of
his team.
“How the hell?” Bakugou asks, voice uncharacteristically quiet, enough so that it barely
travels the distance between the two teams.
“I’m a thief, Kacchan,” Midoriya says, casual and weary. “It’s what I do.”
“I’m going to kill you.”
A shiver claws along Fumikage’s skin. He can feel the feathers on the crown of his head
fluffing away his skin and he wills them to lay flat again. In the weeks they have been
classmates, Fumikage has heard uncountable death threats from Bakugou Katsuki. Death
threats are frequent and thoughtless interjections in Bakugou’s speech, and though he makes
them routinely, they’re empty – nearly the equivalent of an “um” or “uh” in anyone else’s
speech. Like those same little stutters, Fumikage’s brain has begun to filter out Bakugou’s
exclamations of “die!” and “I’ll kill you,” as if they are just meaningless sounds to fill the
gaps between the words that matter.
Fumikage doesn’t know if Bakugou is capable of murder. Violence, certainly, but violence is
going to be their profession. People will die along the way, and at some point, they will likely
even be the ones to kill them – that is nearly inevitable for any hero who isn’t exclusively
involved in rescue and whose career spans more than a couple of years. But actual murder –
the cold-blooded kind where you deliberately deprive the world of a person and a person of
the world – Fumikage assumes that most people are not actually capable of that.
For the first time, Bakugou’s threat settles heavily in the air – heavily, weighty, not empty or
hollow at all. And for the first time, Fumikage wonders how much Bakugou means it. Dark
Shadow hisses, twisting around until she is between Bakugou and Midoriya, flattening
herself out like some great shield. Midoriya’s mouth quirks up, the shape of a smile with
none of the substance.
“It’s fine,” he tells her, quelling until she recedes enough that he can make eye contact with
Bakugou. “You can kill me,” he says, as if unaffected by the words or the thought, “or you
can win. You can beat me, or you can beat everyone. It’s your choice.”
There is a loud bang from one of the other teams. Bakugou’s teammates look nervously
between their rider and the commotion surrounding the 10,000,000 points. Bakugou’s
shoulders heave with his breath. Midoriya waits, silent and patient. Fumikage suddenly
doubts that Midoriya actually knows what he is doing, provoking Bakugou like this. Dark
Shadow bristles, the edges of her form sharpening into spikes that pulse slightly with her
agitation.
“What the hell happened to you, Deku?”
Midoriya blinks. His composure, the perfectly pleasant counterpoint to Bakugou’s senseless
rage, crumbles into surprised confusion.

When Midoriya declared he would lead their team to the next round, something settled over
him – a kind of sharp brightness, an immovable determination possessed only by the very
competent or the very desperate. Competence and desperation both are forces to be wary of
on the battlefield, and Fumikage determined in that moment that he would rather fight with
Midoriya than against him.
Fumikage stands by that decision now more than ever. Gone is the toxic brightness, the
shattered sharpness of Midoriya’s eyes. That was frightful in its own right, but Fumikage is
familiar with such looks, sees them in the eyes of nearly all his classmates in the heat of
training. He has never seen a look like this. Now, Midoriya’s eyes have gone dim and dark.
Like an algal bloom. A mossy film, hiding dead things at unknown depths, choked of light
and oxygen.
“Do you really want to know?” Midoriya asks. “I’ll tell you, if you’ll listen.”
Bakugou does not respond, though his silence speaks more than the majority of the nonsense
he shouts. He stares, the fire of his eyes tempered by calculative assessment. Sero says
something Fumikage can’t hear and Bakugou tears his glare away from Midoriya, nods
sharply.
“Let’s get our damn points,” he says, to the visible relief of his team. He pointedly does not
look back at Midoriya as they go.
“Go fetch!” Hatsume calls after them, cackling to herself.
Midoriya sighs, abruptly going slack above them as he releases tension Fumikage hadn’t
noticed gather. “See?” he asks. He smiles, a wobbly quirk of his lips that doesn’t meet his
eyes, but at least they no longer look like a graveyard. “Just like I said.”
Somehow, the plan has gone off perfectly. The were captured at the beginning – Midoriya
had even named Honenuki Juzo specifically among the ones who would be most likely to
immobilize them. Team Tetsutetsu has the 10,000,000 points – one of the teams most well
suited for keeping Bakugou occupied as long as possible. Midoriya has stolen Bakugou’s
own points, giving them a decent amount to work with and build on to ensure their placement
in the final round. And, most astounding of all, Bakugou has chosen to ignore them, at least
for the time being.
Perhaps Midoriya’s quirk involves some degree of foresight. Fumikage adds the possibility
onto the end of what is turning out to be a very long list of ways in which Midoriya is both
terrifying and admirable.
He’s odd, Dark Shadow thinks to Fumikage as Midoriya directs them onwards. I like him.
You would, Fumikage thinks in return.
You do, too. We should keep him.
You can’t just keep people.

I keep you, don’t I?
Fumikage sighs. Yes, he truly does surround himself with some very odd company. He has
done so since he was young, when Dark Shadow first manifested like a warm smudge of
cotton along the edges of his consciousness, crying out her loneliness like a discordant
melody that Fumikage could not shut off. Dark Shadow is odd, indeed. As are Aoyama and
Hatsume and Midoriya, most of all. Then again, as is Fumikage. It’s as they say – birds of a
feather flock together.

“Man,” Hizashi groans, leaning back in his chair, “there go the 10,000,000 points. I was
kinda hoping the green bean would sweep the entire thing.”
“You’re supposed to be unbiased,” Shouta replies, distracted as his eyes trace through the
chaos in the arena. Bakugou throws himself at Tetsutetsu for the second time, screaming
something inaudible when his explosions are easily negated.
“No, I only have to pretend to be unbiased when the mic is on! Don’t pretend you don’t want
him to win.”
“No one is going to win until the final round. Getting rid of the points was a smart move. He
kept his team in second place while he did it, too. It’s a logical strategy.”
Hizashi leans against the desk, pouting for a moment. Then he scootches forwards, leaning
closer to Shouta as the pout morphs into an insufferable smirk in the corner of Shouta’s
vision.
“Logical, huh?” Hizashi asks, in that pseudo-innocent tone Shouta has never once fallen for.
“It was,” Shouta confirms flatly.
“You could just say you’re proud of him.”
“I’m not proud of him,” Shouta denies immediately. “He blew himself up less than half an
hour ago. Which was reckless and unnecessary and not logical in the slightest.”
“Aww,” Hizashi coos. “So you were worried about him and now you’re proud. It’s okay
babe, you don’t need to say it. I speak your language.”
Shouta very much wants to wipe the shit-eating grin off Hizashi’s face. But at the same time,
he can’t exactly deny the truth to his husband’s words. Well, he can and will deny them, and
he will probably fool just about everyone except Hizashi, who, unfortunately, really does
speak Shouta’s language. Sometimes unnervingly so, to the extent that Shouta doesn’t even
realizes the associations he has made until Hizashi cracks the code.

He was worried about Izuku. Ridiculous, considering that the kid can more than take care of
himself and in fact has been to some degree for years. And he is proud of Izuku. Equally
ridiculous, considering the festival is far from over and the kid has already blown himself up,
which certainly isn’t behavior worthy of Shouta’s pride.
Shouta, absolutely unwilling to admit either of these things, grunts. “Don’t call me babe.”
“Sorry, Kitten. Better?”
“Don’t you have an event to be commentating?”
Hizashi scrunches up his nose, turning back to the wide window that overlooks the arena,
screens scattered around to give better views of specific areas of action. A harried-looking
team Tetsutetsu continues fending off Bakugou’s assault. Much like he did to team Midoriya,
Bakugou has launched himself at them bodily, leaving his teammates behind, floundering in a
soft muck of quicksand. Shiozaki’s vines have left small scratches along Bakugou’s arms, but
he persists in his attacks with a single-minded determination.
“What am I meant to say?” Hizashi asks. “It’s madness down there.”
“It’s your job.”
“You’re here, too. I don’t see you bestowing any insights onto the people.”
“Only the last five minutes really matter.”
Hizashi rolls his eyes, rocking his entire head with the gesture. “That’s what I thought. You
don’t know what to say, either.”
There’s simply too much happening on the field, Hizashi is right. There is, of course, the
flash of Bakugou’s never-ending onslaught against team Tetsutetsu. Todoroki’s team is under
heavy attack as well, several of the lower-ranked teams try to hedge their bets on the fourthplace headband, rather than enter the fray for the 10,000,000. Team Shinsou, headed by the
single gen ed student to make it to the second round, is picking off small point values, slowly
but surely building up a worthwhile total without drawing any attention at all.
And team Midoriya – Shouta keeps finding his eyes fixed on Izuku when he should be
watching the event more generally. Now that Izuku is no longer pulling the invisibility stunt
of the first round, Shouta’s attention is drawn to him like a magnet, and Shouta is unsure if
that’s a sign of his own bias or if it’s simply a quality of Izuku’s, if eyes all over the country
are latching onto him in a similar way.
While Bakugou is occupied, team Midoriya comes head-to-head with team Hagakure, who
seem to have abandoned their pursuit of the 10,000,000 points after Bakugou got involved.
Hizashi taps his hands excitedly against the desk as Jirou attempts a ranged attack.
“1000 yen says Greenbean destroys them,” he says.
Shouta scoffs, unimpressed. “I’m not betting on our students.”

“You’re right,” Hizashi agrees. “Only an idiot would take that bet. 1000 yen says Todoroki
ends up with the 10,000,000.”
As Jirou’s attack is intercepted by Dark Shadow, just as it was at the beginning of the battle,
Shouta glances between Bakugou – still doggedly attempting to steal the 10,000,000 from
Tetsutetsu – and Todoroki – making his way across the field to where Bakugou and
Tetsutetsu are fighting, but skirmishing with other teams regularly along the way.
“You’ve got yourself a bet,” Shouta agrees.
On the field, Dark Shadow takes visible glee in batting Jirou’s repeated attacks out of the air.
With Sato supporting Hagakure and no animals in the arena, Jirou is the team’s only
offensive power, a realization that seems to come to the team members themselves a moment
too late. They seem to consult each other briefly before attempting to disengage, but Hatsume
Mei – and Shouta doesn’t want to think too hard about Maijima’s problem child teaming up
with his own – passes something to Aoyama. There is a blur of motion as he spins it in his
hand, and then Sato stumbles as weights and wires tangle around his lower legs. He tips to
the side, crashing into Koda as he tries and fails to regain his footing, both boys tumbling to
the ground. Suddenly supporting Hagakure on her own, Jirou wobbles, trying to widen her
stance to accommodate for the weight, but Hagakure ends up tipping over backwards, falling
into a heap with the boys, who both turn violent shades of red. Jirou, the only one left
standing, looks back to her crumpled team and rubs a hand over her face. Hatsume bounces
on her heels, enough that she jostles Izuku, who looks back at her with a grin as Dark
Shadow stabilizes him.
“Oh!” Hizashi exclaims. “I can commentate about this! I have stuff to say, I have stuff to
say!” He scrabbles around the desk for the button that turns their microphones live. As Zashi
practically flings himself over his lap, Shouta wonders, not for the first time, why they put
the button on his side of the desk when he didn’t have working arms to press it.
“Looks like team Hagakure is down for the count!” Hizashi shouts when the system is online.
“Let this be a lesson to you: always stay on your support technician’s good side! Team
Hagakure can pick themselves up and get back in the game, but their points are forfeit to the
team that knocked them down – team Midoriya! The bigger they are, the harder they fall,
folks!” He leans back from the mic, turning to Shouta with raised eyebrows. “Anything to
add, Eraser, or are you still waiting for the last five minutes?”
Shouta hums. “Never underestimate the value of good support gear. In a real fight, it’s tools
like that that often make the difference between a victory and a loss. They’re an especially
unique advantage here, and team Midoriya is wise to leverage that.”
“Couldn’t have said it better myself!”
Hizashi switches the mics back off. He props his head in his hand, grinning at Shouta who
stares pointedly at the action below them. Hizashi bats his eyes, wiggles his eyebrows.
“Shut up,” Shouta grunts.

“Hey, I didn’t say anything. You did, though. About how Izuku is so wise to leverage his
advantages.”
Shouta sighs, ignoring the slight throb that has started between his eyes. “It was commentary.
I’m supposed to be commentating.”
“Mhmm. Proud dad is a good look on you.”
“I’m – We’re not his dads, Hizashi, god.” Hizashi cackles, grabbing Shouta’s chair by the
arm to pull him closer and press an obnoxious kiss to his temple. Shouta shoves his elbow
into Hizashi’s chair, sending the nuisance wheeling a few inches away.
“Do your job,” he orders.
“It’s not like we’re missing anything,” Hizashi says as he fixes the positions of their chairs.
“Only the last five minutes really matter, you said it yourself. They’re just chasing each other
around, same as – oh shit, is Izuku going after Bakugou?”
“What?” Shouta asks, attention snapping back to the field. “No, Bakugou doesn’t even have
anything to go after, he wouldn’t be that stupid.” He recalls, vividly, the events of less than an
hour ago. “Damn it, I swear to god if that kid blows himself up again, I’m going to ground
him for life.”
“Such a dad.”
“I am not his dad,” Shouta repeats, though he is too distracted to inject as much force into the
words as he probably should.
In the chaos of the arena, Izuku’s team is, sure enough, heading back in Bakugou’s direction.
Five minutes in and Bakugou is still railing against team Tetsutetsu. Shouta suspects that
Awase must have Welded the 10,000,000 to Tetsutetsu, given that they still have the points
despite looking noticeably worse for wear. They’ll likely reach their breaking point before the
halfway mark.
Both teams are caught up in each other, enough so that they don’t notice team Midoriya’s
approach. It’s Shiozaki who spots the small tendril of darkness that Dark Shadow sneaks
around the knot of Tetsutetsu’s headband. Not the 10,000,000 – it’s the 705 that they started
with, and Dark Shadow snatches it away in an instant, racing back to Tokoyami. Any
retaliation team Tetsutetsu may have had in mind is quickly dashed by the continued assault
of Bakugou. Bakugou himself spares Izuku a feral sneer but is otherwise too consumed by his
goal to abandon it in favor of acting on the grudge he bears for Izuku. In a single, simple
maneuver, team Midoriya has gained the second most valuable headband on the field.
Hizashi whistles. “That was ballsy.”
Shouta leans his head against the back of his chair, closing his eyes. The headache that has
been simmering throughout the course of the sports festival suddenly escalates to a boil,
pressing viciously against the insides of his skull. Ballsy is not the word Shouta would use to
describe what just happened. He would use two – carefully orchestrated.

Izuku knew both teams would be too preoccupied to prevent or reverse the theft. And they
were preoccupied because Izuku was the one who set them against each other to begin with.
It’s either one hell of a happy coincidence or Izuku did it all deliberately, planned it out and
followed through with a frightening amount of foresight. The rat is going to end up with all
sorts of dreadful ideas after watching these recordings, Shouta is sure.
“This kid is going to put me in an early grave,” he announces.
“You see,” Hizashi says, too cheerful for the seriousness of Shouta’s statement, “that sounds
exactly like something a dad would say.”
Shouta closes his eyes and doesn’t dignify that with a response. He considers going to sleep.
If he is lucky, maybe he will be able to sleep through the entire festival, and Hizashi will only
wake him up to tell him that Izuku has destroyed his competition so absolutely that he has
gotten not only first place, but second and third as well. If he is especially lucky, perhaps
Hizashi will be kind enough to let him sleep through whatever Izuku-based plan for world
domination Nedzu is sure to try to enact after seeing this.
“Sho,” Hizashi says, shaking his shoulder only a couple of minutes later. “You’re gonna
want to watch this.” It has not been nearly long enough for everything to be over with. Of
course not, Zashi never lets Shouta rest – he takes too much sadistic satisfaction in Shouta’s
exhausted suffering.
Shouta cracks an eye open, only to close it immediately.
“Todoroki?” he asks, feeling twice his age.
“Seems like it.” Hizashi nearly manages to sound sympathetic, but the undercurrent of
laughter in his voice gives him away. “It’ll be a good fight. And hey, if Izuku keeps Todoroki
occupied, you’ll be winning that 1000 yen!”
“We’re married. Our bank accounts are connected.”
“Bragging rights!”
Shouta groans, forcing himself to sit up and face what’s happening in the arena. The ground
is already iced over, though none of Izuku’s teammates have been caught in it. Todoroki faces
team Midoriya with the same grim determination he always wears. Izuku, staff extended in
front of him, meets the look with a grin that takes years off Shouta’s life.
The large clock counting down the remaining battle time for those in the stadium reads 5:36.
It always comes down to the last five minutes.

Ochako might be a little afraid of Todoroki Shouto.

Not afraid afraid, of course. He’s only a first-year hero student, just like Ochako, so it would
be silly to be afraid afraid of him, but she’s just… a little afraid, yeah. He’s doesn’t seem like
he’s mean or a bad person or anything. It’s just that he’s super strong, right? Ochako is in the
hero course, and she likes to think that she deserves to be there just as much as everyone else
because she works hard, but she can’t even imagine being as strong as Todoroki is. He has all
that strength, and it seems almost trivial to him. And he doesn’t really talk much to anyone
outside what is necessary for team exercises, and he’s also super attractive. Not that Ochako
cares about stuff like that, but she has eyes, and it’s just another thing on top of all the other
things about Todoroki that make him – well, a little bit scary.
She’s not the only one who thinks that, either. Most people don’t say anything about it,
because that would be pretty rude, but today especially, it’s written across peoples’ faces
when their teams come head-to-head. She can see it on Aoyama’s face now, a thread of
nervousness that winds around behind his eyes.
“Todoroki,” Yaoyorozu says tentatively. “There’s only five minutes left. If we’re going to get
the 10,000,000, we can’t keep getting distracted.”
“This won’t take long.” Todoroki’s reply is simply stated, devoid of arrogance. Which is also
a little scary, to know that Todoroki lives in a world where victory is all but assured.
Across from them, the other team’s rider – Midoriya, the one who started with the 10,000,000
points – grins in a way that reminds Ochako a bit of Bakugou. She had seen Midoriya before
the second round started, and she recognized him then. Last week, she had met him briefly.
He’d seemed sweet, if a bit nervous. If she hadn’t seen him between events, if this was her
first time catching sight of him today, she doesn’t think she would have connected this boy to
stuttering one she met outside the training field. This boy seems just as intense as Todoroki,
and he doesn’t seem scared in the slightest.
“Iida,” Todoroki says. The name is like an order.
Obligingly, Iida bends his knees slightly and Ochako braces herself as well as she can in the
split second she has before he starts running. Iida is fast, and with Ochako’s quirk preventing
him from being weighed down, he can propel all four of them forward at his full speed. It
always leaves Ochako dizzy and disoriented for a moment when they stop, and she has no
idea how Todoroki handles it so well, but they’ve stolen several headbands with this same
method. The strategy works just as well this time as it has all the others. When Iida stops,
Todoroki is holding one of team Midoriya’s bands.
“Now for the 10,000,000,” he says, tying the new band around his neck to rest with the
others. Without looking back, he sends a wave of ice towards team Midoriya. He did the
same thing when their paths first crossed but failed to catch any of them in the attack. This
time, Aoyama’s right foot is caught up to the ankle, and he says something in French that
Ochako would be is a curse word.
Todoroki directs their team towards Bakugou, who has claimed to 10,000,000 points and is
defending it as explosively and viciously as he does everything. Ochako has to admit that
she’s not particularly looking forward to trying to take the points from him.

Bakugou is loud and aggressive, and he’s just as scary as Todoroki is, if in an entirely
different way that involves far more yelling and far fewer glacial stares. He’s definitely a
dangerous opponent – Ochako had learned that the hard way, on their very first day of hero
training. Her embarrassing defeat in that exercise was like a cold bucket of water waking her
up to what being a hero student was actually going to be like.
Everything at UA happens quickly. Bakugou knocked her unconscious so fast she couldn’t
say exactly how it happened when she woke up. Villains invaded the USJ in seconds and
nearly killed several people in less than half an hour. Midoriya Izuku blew himself up in
round one and took first place when no one even knew who he was. Iida runs so quickly that
the world blurs as Ochako is dragged along.
As a heroics student Ochako has gotten used to whiplash. The sickening lurch of a change
that happens so abruptly you don’t even get a moment to think about what it means.
Like whiplash, the first thing Ochako registers is a pain in her neck. Yaoyorozu yelps and
Todoroki twists around, eyes going wide as Midoriya – where did Midoriya come from?
Ochako and Yaoyorozu both stumble. At the head of their formation, Iida continues another
two steps forward, tugging uncomfortably at Ochako’s arm for a moment before he is forced
to come to a stop.
“Sorry,” Midoriya says, grimacing down first at Yaoyorozu, then at Ochako herself. The
rough tread of his bright red sneakers digs into Ochako’s shoulder through her shirt. He
reaches out, grabbing the tail of the band wrapped around Todoroki’s head, pulling it free
with one easy tug. Todoroki’s eyes latch on the trailing end of it. His mouth is slack with
shock, an expression Ochako never could have pictured him wearing before this moment.
As Midoriya pulls back, Todoroki leans forward, reaching after the stolen points with ice
crackling up his arm. Midoriya deflects the grab, diverting it to the side with the same trivial
ease Ochako sees in Todoroki as he freezes entire buildings or building-high robots. The staff
Midoriya was holding earlier suddenly appears in his other hand, though Ochako could have
sworn that he didn’t have it a moment ago. Todoroki grabs the end of the it, but Midoriya
twists it out of his grip, and, in a flash of gunmetal grey, cracks it against the side of
Todoroki’s head.
“Todoroki!” Yaoyorozu shouts as he lulls to the side, blinking rapidly. He doesn’t fall, braced
up by the staff that Midoriya stretches out to catch him.
Pressing his right hand to his head, Todoroki makes another grab for the weapon, but it
disappears beneath his fingers, contracting into a tiny cylinder that Midoriya pulls out of
reach. Holding it behind him, he extends it again, slamming the end into the ground, using it
to vault up, twisting around in midair until he is facing back toward his team. A sharp burst
of air stirs Ochako’s hair around her face as thin wires jump out of the device on his back.
She saw that strange girl with the pink dreadlocks use this trick to cross the chasm during the
obstacle course, grappling between the stone pillars with the help of her hover boots and
jetpack. Midoriya has the jetpack, but he doesn’t have the boots, and more importantly, he
doesn’t have anything for the hooks to anchor him to. They shoot out into empty air, and
Ochako is certain that he is going to crash to the ground.

Several things happen in an instant – all at once and too quick to keep proper track of, the
way everything happens at UA, and all Ochako can do is watch as the people who thinker
faster than her move into action.
First, Todoroki, expression changed from slack to furious, clamors around, forcing Ochako,
Yaoyorozu, and Iida to frantically adjust their balance to keep them from toppling over.
Todoroki stretches out, shoulder, arm, fingers, all fully extended as he tries to close the gap
Midoriya has put between them, but he can’t reach, not without sending them all to the
ground. And then a sharp light glints across his eyes as flame curls up his arm and into his
hair, dancing between his fingers and arching out into the air, flowing in graceful arcs and
jagged points like something free and hungry. Ochako flinches slightly away from the heat,
hair fluttering in the breeze the flames kick up and sticking to the sweat that suddenly beads
on her neck.
Simultaneously, Dark Shadow charges into the sky. They snag the grappling cables out of the
air, yanking Midoriya back to his team. Todoroki’s fire licks at Midoriya’s heels, and Ochako
waits for it to catch on the hem of his pants, but it spirals up around his legs without touching
him, shooting into the air above his head where it loops around itself until it forms a little ball
with chaotic edges. Todoroki’s flames gutter out, dying to embers that flicker along the
charred edges of his sleeve.
Midoriya’s team catches him, Aoyama and the support course girl both shouting gleefully as
he ties the stolen band around his neck. The flames above him stretch, floating down to rest
around his head and shoulders. They waver there for a moment, tracing eddies in the air, then
dissipate in a flurry of sparks.
“Fire!” the support girl yells. “I could make you so many babies! Can you create it or only
manipulate it? Do you want a flamethrower?!”
Midoriya glances down to her for a moment, offering a hesitant smile before fixing his eyes
back on Todoroki. “I can breathe it,” he answers.
Todoroki inhales sharply. “Change of plans,” he says, twisting around on the platform of their
arms so he is facing the right direction again. His hands are shaking. Ochako bites her lip.
“We don’t need the 10,000,000.”
“Todoroki…” Yaoyorozu says weakly, trailing off
“Iida. How fast can you run?”
“I can go faster,” Iida admits after a moment of watching team Midoriya. “But I can only do
it once, and I’m afraid that I won’t be of much use afterwards.”
And Todoroki, as terrifying as he is, only says, “Do it.”

Chapter End Notes

Izuku and Bakugou: *have a whole ass conversation in the middle of the cavalry battle*
Team Bakugou: Can we get some points? Can we PLEASE get some points??
Aizawa: This kid is going to put me in an early grave
AFO: Yeah, he does that
Tokoyami: Midoriya can see the future
Hitoshi, Aoyama & Mei: NO
Uraraka: Midoriya’s quirk is Pyrokinesis!
Aoyama & Mei: *visible confusion*
Next chapter: Half-Cold Half-Hot – Part V
Update: Mar 18 or Mar 25
(Might take a week off to review the relevant episodes of the anime. There’s a lot of
upcoming scenes I need to get reference for, but I don’t know how long that will take
me)

Chapter 21: Half-Cold Half-Hot - Part V
Chapter Notes

Well, it’s been a nice five chapters, but CWs in endnotes. Izuku has a bit of a mental
health relapse this chapter.
*rubs my little gremlin hands together* hehehehe
This chapter has some stuff I’ve been looking forward to getting to for a while, on top of
setting up for some future stuff that I’m looking forward to just as much!! I feel so
devious
Discord memes!
Cloud: X X X X X X X
Rhino: X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Iida Tenya has very clear tells. Izuku imagines that it’s not something the other boy generally
has to worry about, given that he moves so quickly. Even if his opponents receive a moment
of forewarning, Iida is still too fast for most people to dodge or counter.
Izuku is not most people.
“Aoyama,” he says the moment he sees the slight bending of Iida’s knees. Aoyama doesn’t
ask questions, doesn’t even waste time with a reply. Dark Shadow keeps Izuku stably
propped up from below as Aoyama partially breaks their formation, spinning a bola out to the
side. Time seems to slow to a crawl as Izuku activates Bullet Time, analyzing the minute way
Iida’s stance widens, the way his heels dig into the ground to gain traction.
“Now,” Izuku shouts the instant a warm orange glow flares within Iida’s exhausts. With time
moving like cold honey, sluggish and viscous, the gap between Izuku’s order and Aoyama’s
response seems to drag on. Iida has already launched himself forward, dragging his team with
him, and he has nearly halved the distance between them, but Izuku watches the bola fly,
rotating around itself. One of the cables strikes Iida in the leg. The weights continue forward
before their momentum yanks them back, looping around Iida’s ankles.
Iida’s face doesn’t change, his head tilted slightly down, brow heavy and mouth firm as he
focuses on his target, not yet aware of what has happened. Todoroki, though – his eyes
narrow the moment Izuku shouts his command to Aoyama. When both of Iida’s feet leave the
ground, knotted together by a tangle of wire, ice is already rising up beneath him, catching
him up to the waist, spreading backwards to grab Uraraka and Yaoyorozu before they can
begin to lose their balance as well.

It's an impressive display of reflexes and instincts, and it ultimately serves Izuku’s purposes
as well as the bola itself would have. Surrounded by ice, team Todoroki is as effectively
halted as they would have been if they had collapsed altogether. Izuku can’t claim their
points, but Izuku also doesn’t need them. As long as they keep the points they have, they’re
guaranteed to progress to the next round, and that’s the promise Izuku made to Aoyama, Mei,
Tokoyami, and Dark Shadow.
A buzzer sounds, echoing through the arena over the squall of voices and quirks. Izuku sags,
laughing under his breath as relief and exhaustion chase circles around each other in his head.
Todoroki stares as if he is trying to burn a hole through Izuku, but Izuku does his best to
ignore it, smiling at his teammates as Dark Shadow grabs him by the arm to help him get
back to the ground.
“Melt it!” Mei demands, wrapping her hands around Izuku’s other arm as soon as he is within
easy reach. She points eagerly over to team Todoroki, where Yaoyorozu has produced some
kind of scraper that she is using to chip at the ice around her ankles when Todoroki himself
failed to immediately release them.
“I, uh, don’t think that’s a great i-idea,” Izuku says apologetically, looking away from the
other team before he can accidentally make eye contact with Todoroki. “I make f-fire, not
heat, and I don’t want to b-burn anyone. T-Todor-r-roki can m-melt his own ice, I th-think.”
There is an itching compulsion to look at Aoyama. I have a healing quirk, Izuku had told
him. After all his careful planning, his thoughtful strategy, he had made such a stupid
mistake. He had known from the beginning that he would have to use a visible quirk at some
point – he had a list of viable options in his head, though he had been waiting for a relevant
situation to settle on one. None of them were healing quirks, that was never part of the plan.
And now Aoyama knows. Likely, he doesn’t know what he knows, but he must know that
something is off. He knows that Izuku healed him in the first round and then manipulated fire
in the second, two fundamentally unrelated abilities. At best, Aoyama is confused, maybe
curious. At worst he is disgusted, horrified, enraged.
Izuku avoids Aoyama’s eyes avidly as Todoroki’s.
Mei pouts. “But you can breathe fire. You can’t just tell me you can breathe fire and not
breathe fire!”
“D-Dark Shadow doesn’t like fire,” Izuku says, only partially an excuse as she shudders in
agreement with his words. Dark Shadow can function in light, obviously, but she has a
notable preference for darkness, and she had shrunk away in discomfort before Izuku had
dispersed the flames he had collected from Todoroki. Mei looks at Dark Shadow for a
moment before dragging Izuku three steps away and turning them so their backs are to the
rest of their group.
“Don’t follow them,” Izuku hears Tokoyami sigh. Dark Shadow grumbles, a wordless tangle
of static.

Mei flings an arm around Izuku’s shoulders, dragging him down so their heads are close
together, huddled around the space in front of them. She pulls her goggles back down over
her eyes.
“Do it,” she says.
“Your hair,” he replies, looking doubtfully at one of the pink locks that spills over the band of
her headgear.
She shakes him. “It’s been on fire before! Do it!”
Izuku sighs, triggering a sharp click at the base of his throat. His breath comes out as little
wisps of flame, round plumes that die out only a few inches from his mouth. He carefully
directs the fire, as small as it is, away from Mei’s face and hair, but after only a second, she
makes that job much harder by bouncing in place. He cuts the flame off before the situation
can escalate.
Mei gasps excitedly. “Does it burn your throat?” she asks. “Your skin? How big a fire can
you make? How big a fire can you control? Can you control the temperature at all? How hot
is it? How–”
The speakers around the stadium crackle, cutting Mei off, but Izuku stores all her questions in
the back of his mind as things he’ll have to take time to answer when the festival is over. If
everything goes as planned, Izuku will be joining class 1-A soon, and he’ll need gear when
he does. Tentatively, Izuku imagines a future that involves plenty of hours spent in the
support studio, collaborating on costume and gear ideas, support tech for him. Mei would be
a good person to work with – a genius whose passion for her craft eclipsed all other concerns,
potentially including issues like who Izuku is and what he has done in the past, information
that could very likely dissuade any number of others from working with him.
Izuku and Mei rejoin Aoyama, Tokoyami, and Dark Shadow. Todoroki has freed his team of
the ice and is standing in a loose circle with them, facing away from Izuku in a way that feels
intentional. The cold aura around him seems stronger now, like he is trying to freeze away
any warmth left behind from the flames he briefly let burn. Izuku stares at the rigid lines of
Todoroki’s shoulders, insides aching like a bruise. Cold like this is a familiar phantom to
Izuku; he knows the way it settles in your bones like something ancient and immovable, so
all-encompassing that the smallest touch of warmth hurts. Izuku himself is only just now
beginning to thaw for the first time in years. He wonders how long Todoroki has been frozen,
wonders what it will take for the other boy to begin to melt.
Izuku tears his eyes away from Todoroki, tells himself it’s another issue to be dealt with later
as Present Mic begins announcing the final results of the battle. After engaging with team
Tetsutetsu for nearly the entirety of the match, team Bakugou claims first place with the
10,000,000. Izuku’s own team has secured second, followed by team Todoroki in third, and
team Shinsou in fourth.
Fourth place was always the most likely wildcard when Izuku tried to predict the outcome of
the event. Team Shinsou is not who Izuku would have guessed, though he wouldn’t have
ruled them out, either. He finds Shinsou Hitoshi in the crowd, standing apart from everyone

with his hands in his pockets and a bored look on his face. His teammates murmur to each
other, faces creased with confusion.
“You certainly did not let us down, mon amie,” Aoyama says, grinning coyly as he ducks in
front of Izuku.
Izuku shakes his head, waving his hands through the air. “I b-barely did anything,” he denies.
“I wouldn’t have gotten a-anywhere without you all.”
“Modest, too.” Aoyama laughs behind his hand. If he has been affected by Izuku’s display
during the battle, he does well hiding it.
“You sell yourself too short,” Tokoyami says, Dark Shadow nodding in vigorous support.
“Your skill with strategy and prediction was a sight to behold.”
“Not to mention the way you totally handed it to Candycane and Co!” Mei adds. “That was
all you. And my babies, of course!”
“It was a t-team effort,” Izuku says, ducking his chin down against his chest.
Tokoyami nods once, controlled, and decisive, a sharp contrast to Dark Shadow’s energetic
head bobbing. “Precisely. A team effort – your own efforts included.”
Izuku swallows, closing his eyes to soothe the burn welling up behind them. There weren’t
quite words for how lucky Izuku feels in this moment. And it really is all luck – this beautiful
thing that he has done absolutely nothing to earn. He has no idea how these people can stand
to be so kind to him. Maybe Mei he could understand, but Aoyama and Tokoyami both have
reasons to be suspicious of him, even before Izuku’s slip up with his quirk use. Izuku knows
Eraser warned class 1-A that he would be here, a villain from the USJ attack. His name
wasn’t made public, but how many other people were participating in the sports festival who
weren’t part of one of the classes? None. Izuku is the only one, the only one who has ever
been given this chance, this chance that no one can be sure quite yet that he deserves.
“Are you crying, Pen-kun?”
“No,” Izuku denies. His voice cracks.
“It’s okay if you are,” Mei assures him.
As if taking her words as permission, the tears brim over, spilling down his cheeks even
while he carefully keeps his breathing in check. For the second time today, Izuku is crying on
national television, embarrassment adding to the red splotchiness of his face.
“Wow,” Mei says. “You’re kind of an ugly crier, huh?”
“Hatsume!” Tokoyami barks.
“Call me Mei!”

“She’s not entirely wrong,” Aoyama offers, voice slightly choked and cheeks puffed up as he
muffles laughter. Dark Shadow doesn’t bother, snickering unrepentantly to herself, even
when Tokoyami tugs sharply at the strand of shadow that tethers her to his torso.
Izuku’s own laugh catches him by surprise. It bubbles up his throat, wet from the tears but
still sincere. Everyone always says that UA students are insane; it’s practically a running joke
throughout the country. And they’re right. They’re all right – these kids are crazy.
“S-sorry,” he stutters through the giggles.
“Don’t apologize,” Aoyama says. “Your laugh is much nicer than the crying face.” He winks.
“Now, I believe it’s time for lunch. We could all go ensemble, if you’d like?”
Mei shrugs. “I don’t know what that means!”
“Together,” Izuku tells her, a smile rising around the syllables.
“Ensemble!” she shouts, pointing forward with a bright grin. Aoyama laughs at her
pronunciation, and Izuku finds himself laughing as well, the energy infectious, but he frowns
a moment later.
“I – uh. I can’t,” he remembers. “S-sorry. I would, but–” he swallows painfully. All four of
his teammates, Dark Shadow included, are looking at him curiously, still smiling and kind as
he fidgets under their eyes. He can say no, say he can’t and leave it at that. They won’t be
mad, they won’t press. Or, he can –
“I’m s-s-supposed to st-stay with Er-raserh-head,” he admits softly, staring at the ground. “Bbet-tween ev-vents. I’m n-no sup-posed to g-go off on my o-own.”
“That sucks!” Mei groans. “Sometimes Maijima-Sensei does that to me. ‘No Mei,’” she
mimics, “‘you can’t come into the lab on Sunday, you can’t be around power tools without
supervision, no, not even during lunchbreaks,’ pah!” She sticks her tongue out.
Izuku glances quickly to Aoyama and Tokoyami. Mei doesn’t understand what he’s saying,
she doesn’t get what he means, but surely Aoyama and Tokoyami will make the connection
now if they hadn’t already.
Aoyama smiles. “There will be other lunches in the future,” he says simply. Maybe he didn’t
understand. Maybe Izuku didn’t make it obvious enough. Maybe–
“Especially if you succeed in your goal to join us in 1-A,” Tokoyami adds.
Oh. They understood. Izuku hasn’t said a word about joining the hero course. Izuku hasn’t,
but Eraser had, when he told the class about the rehabilitation program. Izuku bites his lip
and tries to keep from crying again.
“You’re trying to join the hero course?!” Mei asks. When Izuku nods, she grabs his hands,
staring intently into his eyes. “You have to promise to let me make your babies,” she says, as
serious as Izuku has ever heard her even though the turn of phrase still makes him flush

slightly. “They helped you get this far, you know, so you owe me. I’ll make you the best hero
ever, Pen-kun.”
“Of c-course,” he agrees, eyes darting away from her intense stare. “Your b-babies are the bbest of the best, aren’t they, uh, P-Pen-chan?” Mei blinks at him for a moment before bursting
into laughter. She lets go of his hands, spinning around to grab Aoyama and Tokoyami by
their elbows. Dark Shadows waves goodbye from over Tokoyami’s head.
“Lunch!” she yells, pulling them on. She looks back at Izuku over her shoulder, “See you
soon!”
Izuku watches as the four of them go, Mei eagerly questioning Tokoyami about whether he
has ever tried to give Dark Shadow knives. Izuku shakes his head, so baffled that he can
hardly believe that today hasn’t just been some wild dream, but warm and pleased inside all
the same. He wipes his cheeks dry on the ends of his sleeves, before making his way to the
announcers’ booth.
“Hizashi is getting us food,” Eraser says, head tipped back against his chair and eyes closed,
as Izuku shuts the door behind himself. “He should be back soon. Until then,” he cracks an
eye open, pinning Izuku in place with a red-eyed glare, “mind explaining what the hell you
were thinking when you blew yourself up in the first round?”
“I was th-thinking that I had fallen behind,” Izuku says, avoiding Eraser’s judgmental gaze.
There is a folding chair propped against the wall, and he grabs it and sets it up a healthy
behind Eraser and Mic’s chairs at the desk. “I had to c-catch up.”
“I’d say you more than ‘caught up.’”
Izuku grimaces. “I might have overcompensated,” he allows. Eraser snorts gracelessly,
hooking an ankle around the leg of Izuku’s chair to drag it slightly closer.
“No more explosions,” he orders.
“T-that might be difficult to avoid. What with Kats-suki, and all.”
“Then leave the explosions to him. And try not to provoke him.” Izuku refrains from
commenting on how Katsuki seems to take his mere existence as provocation, but the thought
must read on his face, because Eraser sighs and says, “Fair enough.”
Eraser closes his eyes again and they fall into a comfortable silence that last for a few short
minutes before the door swings open. Mic balances a short stack of food containers on one
arm, managing the door with the other. The entire situation is made far more precarious than
it needs to be by Nedzu, perched with a shameless smile on Mic’s shoulder.
“Izuku!” Nedzu greets, hopping nimbly from his perch.
Mic stumbles, scrunching up his nose and sticking his tongue out behind the principal’s back
while he juggles their food. While Mic drops food in front of Eraser and Izuku, stopping to
ruffle Izuku’s hair as he does, Nedzu scrambles into the last empty chair. Eraser groans and

kicks the chair lightly, causing it to roll a few inches further away while Nedzu laughs. He
smiles angelically when Mic looks at him, leaving Mic to half-lean against the desk between
the chairs, locking one of his ankles around Eraser’s, who allows the contact without
acknowledgment.
“Killer job in those first two rounds, kiddo!” Mic says after one last dark look at Nedzu. “You
really blew your competition out of the water!” Izuku feels his face redden, shaking his head
as Eraser groans, but Nedzu’s eyes sparkle.
“Oh?” he asks. “I was hoping to check in on how my little protégé was doing.” There’s a
certain irony to Nedzu calling anyone little, but Izuku thinks it would probably be incredibly
impolite to point that out, so he bites his lip, avoiding the principal’s eyes.
“It’s been fine,” Izuku says, staring as his food. “I’m doing a-alright, I think.”
Mic presses a hand against his chest in a dramatically wounded gesture. “Fine? Fine, he says!
You should have seen him! You’ll get a real kick out of it, Nedzu. Our Greenbean’s a real
genius.”
“I’m not–”
“He blew himself up,” Eraser interrupts.
“And he won!”
“You won?” Nedzu asks, turning his attention to Izuku.
“I, yes? Y-yes,” he admits, scratching his cheek. “The first round, at least.”
“And the cavalry battle?”
“My team came in s-second.” Nedzu and Mic both grin and Izuku feels a bubble of warmth
inside him, something like pride. Of course, it’s far too soon for Izuku to be proud of
anything – he hasn’t even begun to make up for all the things he has to be ashamed of – but
the feeling lingers in his chest nonetheless, the warmth of it only barely dulled by the shadow
of guilt.
“Who did you pick for your team?”
“They p-picked me, mostly,” Izuku laughs lightly. “Aoyama Yuga, Hatsume Mei, and
Tokoyami Fumikage."
"Tokoyami? Have you confirmed your theory from last week, then?”
“Oh, um, yeah.” Izuku glances to Mic, who has cocked his head curiously, and Eraser,
feigning disinterest. The warm feeling fades immediately, replaced with something itchy and
uncomfortable. “I was r-right.”
“Right about what?” Eraser asks, betraying his attention

While Izuku fumbles, Nedzu responds, “Izuku noticed some discrepancies between Dark
Shadow’s behavior and that of a typical quirk ‘familiar.’ He suggested that Dark Shadow
might, in fact, be a separate, sentient being of their own with a shadow-based quirk.”
“Wait, wait,” Mic says. “And he was right?” His voice is heavy with disbelief, but Izuku isn’t
offended. He thought the theory was outlandish when he suggested it. “What do you mean
Dark Shadow isn’t Tokoyami’s quirk?”
“Tokoyami has… some kind of contact-based t-telepathy quirk,” Izuku explains hesitantly,
poking at his food. “Dark Shadow definitely has a shadow m-mutation quirk. P-probably
Tokoyami has only ever used his quirk on D-Dark Shadow, so no one ever r-realized it was a
separate, d-distinct ability.”
“Did you tell Tokoyami this?” Nedzu asks. Izuku grimaces. He sticks some rice in his mouth,
chewing slowly, hoping that the conversation will move on. Nedzu waits, as persistent as he
is patient, dark eyes gleaming like little black beads. Izuku can feel each individual grain of
rice sticking along his throat as he finally swallows.
“H-how am I meant to do that?” he asks. “This isn’t just q-quirk theory, anymore, it’s their
actual l-lives. Think of the imp-plications. W-what will that actually mean for them? For their
family? Imagine a stranger you just met giving you n-news like that out of the blue.” During
the cavalry battle, Izuku had forced himself not to think about it, setting such distractions
aside until they wouldn’t be a liability. With the one-on-one matches yet to come, it still feels
too early to consider the issue, but the thoughts are a bit like quicksand, trying to pull Izuku
in.
After a moment of silence, Eraser says, “…I’m going to have to make some very
uncomfortable home visits.” He sounds exhausted. Izuku doesn’t blame him.
“Admittedly, I hadn’t given much thought to ramifications of your theory being true,” Nedzu
says thoughtfully.
“Of course you hadn’t,” Eraser scoffs.
“Well, there’s no use dwelling on it at this very moment!” Nedzu moves on with an easy
brightness that makes Izuku squirm a little, dismissing the topic as casually as he would a
discussion on the weather. “Izuku – how are you feeling about the final event? I assume you
have a plan?”
Izuku nods, struggling slightly to keep up. “I won’t have specific strategies until I know the
m-matchups, but I know what my q-quirk will be.” Nedzu tips his head, askance. Izuku,
fidgets with his fingers. “Joint Fire Br-breathing and Pyrok-kinesis.”
“A good choice,” Nedzu praises. This time, his approval isn’t something Izuku can bask in.
“It’ll work,” Izuku says, voice falling nearly to a whisper. “I’ve t-trained with them a l-lot.
But I didn’t r-really ch-choose it. Todoroki just caught me by sur-surprise.”

“I think Todoroki caught himself by surprise,” Mic jokes. Izuku manages a weak smile. It
would be funnier if Izuku hadn’t seen Todoroki’s face when it happened, if he hadn’t seen the
flames reflected in his eyes, seen the bright horror that burned to life next to the fire.
Nedzu hums. “If I recall correctly, the supposed Midoriya Hisashi was meant to have a fire
breathing quirk, wasn’t he? And your mother was telekinetic.”
“…Yeah,” Izuku says, confesses. His mouth is dry, tongue like sandpaper against his teeth.
Fire Breathing. Pyrokinesis. It is the perfect combination of his parents’ quirks – or at least,
Izuku thought as much, back when he didn’t actually know the first thing about who one of
his parents actually was. It’s the quirk he always wanted, the one he was always meant to
have – that’s why All for One went out of his way to make sure Izuku had it.
He imagines a different life, where he is born with this quirk and only this quirk. Where his
mother was never stolen from him, and his father loves him in a simple, easy to understand
way that never hurts. Tomura is still his brother, and he has whatever quirk he was supposed
to have, or maybe no quirk at all, instead of one that destroys everything he touches. Kurogiri
isn’t there, but it’s for the best because he is somewhere happier, living a real life with a real
name. In that life, no one ever dies.
Fathers don’t kill mothers. Sons don’t kill fathers. Brothers don’t kill brothers.
“And speaking of your mother,” Nedzu continues, voice still cheerful and unchanged, but
eyes alert and knowing on Izuku’s face, “there’s another reason I wanted to speak with you
before the third event. You see, I’ve been getting calls for the last hour from and old friend of
hers – one Bakugou Mitsuki, actually.”
“Aunt Mitsuki?” Izuku asks, hollow and shocked. “What did she say?”
“All kinds of very colorful things, I assure you. Notably she demanded your phone number or
address and threatened to storm the building if we didn’t let her see you.”
Izuku can picture it easily. Aunt Mitsuki had always been a lot like Katsuki in that way –
determined to get what she wanted, regardless of what tried to stop her. She was a forced to
be reckoned with, and Izuku had always loved her for her brazen confidence, the
unapologetic way in which she cared about things.
But Izuku supposes he hadn’t imagined that he would still be one of the things she cared
about.
“What did you tell her?”
“That we can’t release student information without consent, of course!”
Disappointment spears Izuku through, unexpectedly intense. “I consent. Can I – can I
consent?” he asks, looking between Eraser and Mic. “Can I s-see her?”
“Of course, kiddo,” Mic assures him instantly.

Eraser, on the other hand, thinks for a moment. “We should be able to arrange something,” he
agrees. “At least one of us will need to go with you, but you’re allowed to leave campus as
long as you’re properly supervised. This shouldn’t be an exception.”
“I want to see her,” Izuku says, as firmly as he can when his voice is trembling with a
nauseous mix of wistfulness, relief, and nerves.
“How about this?” Mic says, speaking in soothing low tones. “They’re about to announce the
third event. You get back down to the arena, and Sho and I can give Mrs. Bakugou a call to
set something up so she’ll leave Nedzu alone.”
Somehow, Izuku had nearly forgotten all about the third event. In the course of a single
conversation, Nedzu had managed to completely unbalance him, as Nedzu often does, pulling
at invisible strings that yank Izuku around in half a dozen opposing directions. Rumors never
could have prepared Izuku for what it’s actually like to interact with UA’s principal, as
frightfully intelligent and unempathetically curious as he is.
“Sound good?” Mic prompts when Izuku doesn’t respond.
Izuku nods, gathering his bearings. The sports festival is in front of him, demanding his
attention. Everything else can wait.

Katsuki knows exactly four names on the tournament bracket.
He finds his own first, at the very end, paired up with another he doesn’t recognize. Uraraka.
He squints, mutters the name under his breath, as if that will help him recall who the hell he
is meant to be facing. It’s a futile exercise - Katsuki is not good with names, and he is even
worse at paying attention to the random extras around him. It’s never posed much of a
problem before, but he’ll admit now that it’s a bitch for a preparing strategies in advance.
Katsuki finds Todoroki, the half-and-half bastard, on the other side of the bracket. Right
above that, the two other names Katsuki recognizes are paired together, a combination that
makes his fists and stomach clench in tandem. Kirishima, Shitty Hair. Midoriya, Deku. Right
at the very fucking beginning.
Do you really want to know?
Katsuki finds Shitty Hair standing close by with Raccoon Eyes. They look between the
bracket and each other, both smiling stupid, anticipatory grins as they chatter. Shitty Hair
raises an arm, waving wildly to someone. Across the field, Deku lifts a meek hand in
acknowledgment.
I’ll tell you.

Katsuki moves without thinking about it. “Deku!” he calls. The scrubs with Deku bristle as
Katsuki approaches. Goggles sticks her tongue out at him while that weird bird shadow
creature drapes itself over Deku’s shoulders. Katsuki stops several feet away from them,
sneering at the group before turning his attention to Deku exclusively. Deku stares at him,
unblinking. Katsuki jerks his chin up, ignores the prickle of raised hair along the back of his
neck.
If you’ll listen.
“I’m ready to fucking listen,” Katsuki says. “Or whatever.”
Deku smiles. Not at Katsuki, thankfully, but to the extras around him. “I’ll s-see you guys
later,” he tells them. “Good luck in your m-matches!”
“If you’re sure,” Sparkle Fucker says doubtfully.
“Best behavior, Blasty!” Googles commands, hands on her hips.
Bird Head says nothing, giving Katsuki a considering look while his pet shadow monster
hisses from Deku’s shoulders. Katsuki bites his tongue not to growl back at the thing, fixing
his attention on a sheepish-looking Deku. He pulls the shadow thing’s talons out of his shirt,
and Katsuki turns away, heading off with long strides that leave Deku scrambling behind
him.
Without looking back, Katsuki leads the way to a side tunnel, away from the waiting rooms
and out of the way of the commotion of those participating in the recreational games. Deku
follows silently. Katsuki flexes his jaw before turning to face him, leaning back against the
cool concrete wall of the tunnel. Deku presses himself against the opposite wall, slumped
down to make himself look deceptively small, staring at the light that spills over his shoes.
“Well?” Katsuki asks when Deku doesn’t so much as look at him. “You gonna tell me your
sob story or not?” His voice trembles slightly, as do his hands. He fists them, crossing his
arms and tucking them into his elbows.
“Are you going to listen?”
“I fucking said I would, didn’t I?” Deku finally looks at him, eyes assessing, almost black in
the shadow that slices across his face. “What the fuck happened to you, huh?”
“Nothing happened to me, Kacchan. I happened.”
“Don’t call me that,” Katsuki snaps.
Viscerally, he remembers a dead-eyed boy, ten years old, sitting in empty silence on the bed
of their guest room. I think you were right about me, Kacchan, that terrible shell of a person
had said. Five years older, and his eyes are somehow even colder, even more hollow. Last
time, Katsuki ran, hid away in his room. But he’s five years older now, too. Five years older,
five years stronger, and he braces his back against the wall and glares across the space
between them, suffocating any pathetic parts of himself that might want to waver.

“Sorry,” Deku says.
“Are you actually gonna explain anything?” Katsuki asks, voice carefully controlled. “Or are
you just gonna speak in vague, shitty riddles and waste my time?”
“S-sorry,” Deku says again. His terrible eyes finally leave Katsuki as he tips his head back
against the wall. “I still don’t really know how to t-talk about it. W-where to st-start.” He
smiles slightly, like a wound across his face.
“Why the hell are you in Japan?” Katsuki questions, because it is as good a place as any to
start. Why Deku is here, when he was supposed to be somewhere else, anywhere else?
“I never left.”
“But your dad–”
“My dad,” Deku interrupts. Katsuki grits his teeth and allows it. “You were right, you know.
About my q-quirk. I got it from h-him. It really is a v-vil-villain’s q-quirk.”
Katsuki’s brow furrows as he parses the words. “So what, your old man is one of the bad
guys, then? And you fucking joined him, like some shitty family business?”
“He was t-the b-bad g-g-guy,” Deku whispers, tears glinting along his waterline, unshed for
the moment. “The w-worst guy.”
“Fucking figures,” Katsuki growls. There is something, though, that nags at him, a lose
thread that he can’t help but pull. “Where is he now?”
“D-dead,” Izuku says, tears spilling over when he blinks.
“Oh.” Katsuki is not surprised, but he feels uneasy all the same, insides churning. “Good,” he
grits out. “If he was a fucking villain, then good. Whoever offed him should have finished the
fucking job,” he adds, glaring pointedly at Deku.
It is an instinctive retreat into familiar territory, a desperate reminder of where they stand.
Deku is a villain, better off dead or jailed – Katsuki has known that for most of their lives.
Deku knows it, too. He hunches in on himself, wrapping his arms around his stomach. Tears
drip freely from his chin. He looks almost like Katsuki remembers him, pathetic and fragile
and at Katsuki’s mercy. Nothing like the strange, blankly confident version of Izuku that
came out of nowhere just to sweep Katsuki’s feet out from under him.
“I’ve thought about it,” Deku murmurs to the ground, voice thick and muffled.
“Huh?”
“I’ve th-thought ab-bout it. F-fin-finishing t-the–” Izuku chokes, a guttural, wet noise that
grates against Katsuki’s bones. “I’m the o-o-one w-who–” Izuku cuts himself off again, this
time with a sob.

“What the fuck,” Katsuki says. His words echo hollowly against the tunnel walls, a sharp
overlay to the formless background noise of Deku’s tears. “You – your dad–” Katsuki
fumbles for words, apparently just as unable to string a sentence together. “What the fuck,”
he repeats.
Izuku slides to the ground, a barely controlled descent that leaves him crouched against the
wall with his head buried in his knees. His sobs fill Katsuki’s ears like static, like deafness,
and Katsuki suddenly, very poignantly, has no idea what he’s meant to do. His arms fall limp
to his sides, his hands still trembling faintly, and he can no longer tell himself that it is from
anger. It is not anger that rises in him like a tide, filling his lungs and stealing his breath as
waves crash over his head and pull him down, swallow him deep until he can’t tell which
way is up.
Katsuki doesn’t know what to call it, but it’s not anger. Anger is hot and full. It makes him
feel big, sometimes too big for his body, like he needs to release bits of himself to control the
pressure or risk exploding. This, whatever this is, is cold and vacant, and it makes him feels
frightfully small. Small enough that he could get lost in his own body, consumed by the
cavernous empty spaces between molecules.
Deku’s father was a villain. And Deku had killed him. And in another universe, maybe one
only slightly parallel to their own, Izuku isn’t crying in front of Katsuki because Izuku isn’t
even around anymore.
Isn’t that what Katsuki has always wanted? Deku, gone. What does it matter what “gone”
means, so long as he isn’t Katsuki’s problem, anymore? Well, it matters. Katsuki is suddenly
realizing that it matters very much, as much as he wants to say it doesn’t.
Katsuki had found the lose thread, and he’d pulled. And now everything is unraveling.
“Stop – stop crying,” he says, voice distant to his own ears. “Stop fucking crying, Jesus
Christ, what the fucking fuck. Please stop.”
Izuku pulls his head away from his knees, tossing it back against the wall with enough force
that his skull cracks audibly against the concrete. He doesn’t flinch, just covers his eyes with
his hands, chest shaking with stuttered, uneven breaths. His mouth is contorted into an ugly
shape, his whole face crumpled and red. His throat bobs as he swallows forcefully. Over the
course of a few seconds, his breathing slows, growing steadier, and those pained, broken
noises stop falling from his lips. He scrubs his hands over his face, then lets them fall into his
lap, staring up at the ceiling with wide green eyes. After a moment, he huffs a shaky exhale
and his gaze drifts to Katsuki, still standing stock-still.
“Sorry,” Deku says, voice hoarse but remarkably even, “I told you I don’t really know how to
talk about it.”
“N-no shit.” Katsuki curses himself as he trips over his words. “You – what the fuck?”
“Yeah,” Deku agrees absently. “It is very what the fuck, isn’t it? Some days the only thing I
can think is what the fuck?”

“Why are you telling me this?”
“You wanted to know what happened. My father was a villain, so was I. I didn’t want to be
anymore, so I… did something about it. That’s what happened.”
“Why are you here? This is my fucking school, why did you have to come here?”
“I didn’t plan to,” Deku admits, picking himself up off the ground. “Tomura and my father
are the ones who planned the attack on the USJ. I wasn’t even thinking of you, then.” The
statement, as casual as it is, closes around Katsuki’s throat like a garotte. “I came for
Eraserhead, for his quirk. And when I was done with it, I came to give it back. I never
intended to stay.”
“Then leave.”
Deku shakes his head. “I can’t. This is the first chance I’ve ever been given to help people.”
“So what?” Katsuki asks, barking out a fractured laugh. “Some naïve dumbasses make a
shitty call and suddenly you think you can be a fucking hero?”
“No,” Deku corrects with infuriating patience. “Someone like me could never be a hero. But
the people I help won’t know the difference.”
Katsuki suddenly can’t stand to look at him. His eyes burn. He wants to squeeze them shut,
but all his rational thoughts scream that it would be moronic to leave himself vulnerable like
that. Instead, Katsuki stares at Deku’s shoes. Obviously, they must be different from the ones
he wore when they were children, but they are the same obnoxious shade of red. Some things
never change, apparently. Even when Izuku himself seems like an entirely different person,
his shitty taste in footwear remains the same.
“Izuku,” a new voice interrupts. Katsuki barely refrains from jumping, muscles tensing as his
head whips around to where Hobo-Sensei has appeared down the hall. Deku, seemingly
unsurprised, turns smoothly, a placid smile on his face.
“Is everything alright?” Hobo-Sensei asks, glancing between Katsuki and Deku.
“Of course,” Deku says, as if he wasn’t sobbing like something subhuman only a few minutes
ago. “We were just talking.”
“You’ve been crying,” Sensei notes with a lingering look at the red puffiness beneath Deku’s
eyes.
Deku waves a sheepish, dismissive hand. “You know me, I c-cry easily.” Sensei hums,
staring hard at Deku, who merely keeps smiling, an embarrassed tinge leaking into the
expression.
“If you say so,” Sensei says finally, doubt still lacing his voice. “Come on, then. You know
you’re meant to stick with me outside of the events.” He nods once to Katsuki before turning
to lead Deku back down the tunnel.

“Deku!” Katsuki calls at their backs. Deku stops, half-turning to him. “You better make it to
the final fucking round. We can settle this once and for all.”
Katsuki will tear him to pieces, grind him to dust. Originally, he had wanted to face Half-andHalf in the finals, blast the pedestal right out from underneath the bastard, but that can wait.
Deku can’t. Katsuki will show him once and for all just how strong he is. Strong enough to
protect himself, strong enough to win, even against Deku.
And then – and then it’ll be over. Deku will still be here, which is the last thing Katsuki
wants – or, at least, it was the last thing he wanted, before he heard the words I’ve thought
about it, whispered like a fucking treasured secret. Deku will still be here – which is the
second to last thing Katsuki wants, preferable only to that twisted fucking reality where Deku
isn’t even… around anymore – but they can both just go on living their entirely separate
lives. As if the other one doesn’t even exist.
But they do. They do still exist, because that matters. It matters, but Katsuki won’t be the one
who has to deal with it, deal with Deku, because he can’t fucking do that, he doesn’t want to,
he–
“Alright, Katsuki,” Deku says, showing his teeth in a way that falls just short of a smile. “I’ll
see you in the finals.”
Katsuki stares down the hall long after Deku and Hobo-Sensei disappear. He breathes,
counting dutifully until the world stops looking like bleeding watercolors, and then he keeps
breathing, flickering little explosions in his palm with each exhale.

It’s not personal. It has nothing to do with him. These people don’t even know him.
Tail Boy and Blue Boy dropping out is their own business. Asshole didn’t drop out. Asshole
just raised his chin in the air with a haughty smile that dared anyone to say something to him
about it. That’s proof that it’s not Hitoshi’s fault, that it’s not his problem or his business.
The frog girl and the guy with all those arms moved up to fill the bracket, and no one said
anything about them not deserving to move on, even though their team wasn’t in the top four.
Hitoshi’s team was in the top four, which means he definitely deserves to be here. He earned
his place at the top, and if someone else takes issue with how he did that, that’s their
problem.
It's not personal, Hitoshi reminds himself as Tail Boy slides into his conversation with
Aoyama before it can even begin, cuts Aoyama off with narrowed eyes and a careful
warning. It has nothing to do with Hitoshi. Tail Boy – and maybe Hitoshi should call him
Ojiro, now that he knows his name – and Aoyama are both in 1-A, they know each other.
They’re classmates, probably friends, and it’s normal for them to help each other out, to want
each other to succeed. They don’t know Hitoshi. He’s a stranger, he’s competition.

And maybe Ojiro just absolutely blew Hitoshi’s chances of making it beyond the first round.
And maybe Hitoshi doesn’t have any classmates left in the competition to help him out, and
maybe he doesn’t have any friends at all, and maybe no one wants him to succeed. But it’s
not about Hitoshi, the world doesn’t revolve around him, it’s not personal.
Except it feels really fucking personal.
All Hitoshi wanted to do was feel the other guy out. Plenty of people were doing it – Asshole
had approached Tokoyami with a smug smile, and Hatsume had charged right over to Iida.
No one intervened in those interactions, even when Asshole promptly started being an
asshole, or when Hatsume made Iida visibly uncomfortable by violating his personal space.
Only Hitoshi had to be stopped. God forbid someone like him try to speak to his opponent off
the battlefield. What did Ojiro think he was going to do? Take control of Aoyama right there
and keep ahold of him all the way up until their match, securing his victory before the fight
even started? Hitoshi couldn’t do that even if he wanted to.
All Hitoshi wants is a moment to be alone. A moment where he doesn’t have to pretend to be
bored or indifferent or smug, where he can breathe and nurse his headache and wallow a little
bit in his frustration at the situation.
He stumbles on Midoriya and Bakugou purely by accident. For a second, Hitoshi considers
turning around and finding somewhere else, somewhere unoccupied, to hole away until the
final event begins. Instead, he sighs and leans against the wall, crossing his ankles as he
makes himself comfortable to listen.
See, unlike Ojiro and Blue Boy – Shoda – Hitoshi is unapologetically opportunistic. Hard
work is only half of success – and that’s if you’re being generous. The other half is all dumb
luck. Right place, right time, right circumstances. You need both luck and hard work to
actually get anywhere in life. Most everyone in the sports festival got lucky in ways Hitoshi
hadn’t. They have the right quirks, powerful quirks that audiences adore. Lacking that,
Hitoshi has to find his luck in other places, like half-hidden conversations that probably
aren’t meant to be overheard.
Now, Hitoshi wouldn’t call himself a particularly nosey person. In truth, he doesn’t really
care much about who anyone is or what they’re doing, so long as they leave him out of it. But
a quirk like Hitoshi’s, as unlucky as it is, demands ammunition. So, Hitoshi has a special
place in his brain where he carefully cultivates and stores shit he can use against people.
“I never left,” Midoriya says.
“But your dad–” Bakugou begins, only to be promptly cut off. Hitoshi smirks slightly to
himself. Family drama, no matter how slight, is always sensitive, an excellent sore spot to
poke and nearly guarantee a response.
“My dad. You were right, you know. About my q-quirk. I got it from h-him. It really is a vvil-villain’s q-quirk.”
Hitoshi’s smirk slides off his face, cheeks suddenly feeling like a thick, stiff rubber. His
breath hitches in his chest and he holds it there, straining his ears to catch every word with a

newfound investment. He listens to Midoriya confess that his father is a villain – the worst of
the worst, by his own admission – and Hitoshi can hear the tears in Midoriya’s voice as he
says the man is dead. He listens to Bakugou’s stilted response, uncomfortable and lacking
sympathy.
And Hitoshi listens, with mounting horror, to what comes next.
What the fuck? Hitoshi’s thoughts echo Bakugou’s frantic words. Midoriya devolves into
inhuman sounds, heart wrenching and sickening. Hitoshi feels like he’s going to be sick. He
feels like – he feels like someone has stuck a hook in his gut and is yanking at his insides. He
should go. He shouldn’t have listened to any of this, but he certainly shouldn’t stay and hear
the rest, ammunition be damned.
God, he feels like a child thrust into a warzone. He’s been playing with nerf darts for years,
and now someone has placed a live fucking missile in his hands. Midoriya Izuku had – he
had fucking murdered someone, his own father. And he – Jesus fucking Christ. This is not
okay, nothing about this is okay.
“Stop – stop crying,” Bakugou says, begs. And Hitoshi doesn’t know Bakugou, not really, but
a guy like that should never sound like this, voice cracked and small.
The tremor in the words hits Hitoshi like a bolt of lightning. He jerks away from the wall,
promptly tripping over his own feet and falling, scrapping his palms against the ground as he
catches himself. He freezes there, on his hands and knees, hoping, praying, that neither
Bakugou nor Midoriya have heard him, entire body throbbing in time with his heartbeat.
Midoriya keeps crying. Bakugou begs him to stop again, voice louder, more fierce, more
desperate. Midoriya is not okay, Bakugou is not okay, Hitoshi is not okay.
Hitoshi stumbles to his feet, too clumsy to worry about being quiet, and then he runs. He runs
all the way back to the waiting room class 1-C had been in before the start of the festival.
Thankfully, the room is empty of other finalists, and Hitoshi can wedge himself into the
narrow space between the cabinet and the corner without having to explain himself to
anyone.
His bag is still in the room, the only one left after all his classmates have been disqualified
and taken their things with them into the stands. It’s within reach, and he stretches out of his
hiding place briefly to snag it, pulling his phone and earbuds out with shaking hands. He
folds himself back into his corner, curled around the bag in his lap. The canvas is rough
against the raw skin of his palms.
He pulls up his contacts, jams his thumb against the screen until he hits the right button,
ringing filling his ears. “Pick up,” he says. “Pick up.” The line clicks. Relief loosens all
Hitoshi’s joints as he lets his head fall to the side, resting his temple against the cool metal of
the cabinet.
“Hitoshi?”
Hitoshi sighs softly, “Hey, Dad.”

Chapter End Notes

CWs
Izuku breaks down while “explaining” his situation to Bakugou.
Hitoshi also has a bit of a breakdown of his own.
Suicidal ideation is implied/referenced, relatively vaguely, but more specifically and at
length than it has been in past chapters. This is the most explicit IGG will ever get in
regards to that particular theme, though. While Izuku’s mental health oscillates, his
depression isn’t going to escalate past what has been seen in other chapters.
Here is the full bracket for anyone who is curious! Team Asui (Asui, Shoji, and
Kaminari) came in 5th place because they didn’t have nasty Mineta making them
inherently worse, and also because I say so.
Team Midoriya: *exists*
Me, sobbing: They’re FRIENDS, your honor!!!
Tomura & Mitsuki (feral): I am going to crash that festival RIGHT NOW to get to
Izuku!
Kurogiri & Masaru (tired): Please sit down.
Izuku: Have you heard of the trolley problem?
Katsuki: Of fucking course I have, I’m not an idiot.
Izuku: What would you do?
Katsuki: I’d blow up the fucking train!
Izuku, nodding: I slit the train’s throat.
Katsuki: …I suddenly don’t like this metaphor.
Hitoshi: Midoriya is such a hero brat, I can just feel it
Izuku: My father was a villain and I killed him
Hitoshi: ,,,Dad, pick me up, I’m scared
In retrospect, this chapter really went from “f is for friends who do stuff together” to
“I’m just a kid and life is a nightmare” in the blink of an eye, huh
Next Chapter: Half-Cold Half-Hot – Part VI
Update: Apr 1
(For real this time. Gonna take a week off. Probably. Maybe.)
(Also, hate the fact that that’s April Fool’s Day, you have nothing to fear from me on
that front.)

Chapter 22: Half-Cold Half-Hot - Part VI
Chapter Notes

CWs in endnotes!
I’m once again apologizing for my uncertainty on how to write the sports festival, but
luckily for you, I can’t ramble incessantly about it because the Discord apparently loves
angst, so my character count is being strictly rationed
First, some awesome fanart (X) from Dewdrop!!
Now memes!
Cade: X
Cloud: X X X X X X X X X X
Roman: X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The crowd cheers wildly as Eijiro walks onto the field, and the grin already on his face
spreads wider in response. When he first entered the arena that morning, the sight of the
stands, filled to the brim with attentive and expectant faces, had fed the deep well of anxiety
in his stomach. It was nearly hard to keep smiling, then, when an insidious voice clawed its
way up from his chest and whispered that he was going to make a fool of himself.
But he hasn’t! At least, not yet, but he squashes that reminder back down where it belongs.
He came in ninth – ninth! – in the first round, and then first – first! – in the second. Sure, the
cavalry battle was a team effort, but he was part of that team. Maybe you could argue that
Bakugou did most of the work, and Eijiro wouldn’t necessarily disagree, but Bakugou
couldn’t have done any of that work to begin with without Eijiro enabling the use of
Explosion.
Eijiro is proud of how far he’s come. He’s proud he got into the hero course, he’s proud he
hasn’t gotten kicked out, he’s proud to have made it to the top 16 of the sports festival. And
he deserves that pride, because he worked hard to achieve these things! If anyone else did
what Eijiro has done, he would call them manly, and he shouldn’t exempt himself from that
same praise. No nasty voice in the back of his head is going to convince him that it’s a fluke
or that he shouldn’t be here. The stadium is full of people who cheer when he steps onto the
field, and Eijiro isn’t going to make a fool of himself. He’s going to give them something to
cheer about!
Present Mic’s voice echoes over the crowd, “Let’s kick off the first round of our final
tournament, shall we? Manly and passionate hardening – from the hero course, it’s Kirishima

Eijiro!” Kaminari is definitely going to tease Eijiro for that introduction later. “Versus the
mysterious strategist who really heated up our first two events – Midoriya Izuku!”
On the other side of the field, Midoriya stands firm and steady, eyes fixed solely on Eijiro, as
if deaf to the swelling cheers his name evokes. There are a lot of things about Midoriya that
don’t make sense, Eijiro is beginning to realize. Specifically, his relationship to Bakugou –
Eijiro just doesn’t understand what’s going on there.
In the last few weeks, Eijiro likes to think that he’s come to know Bakugou pretty well – at
least, better than anyone else in 1-A has managed. Eijiro is about 90% sure they’re friends, at
this point. So as much as some of their classmates like to think that Bakugou is an entirely
irrational, one-dimensional rage monster, Eijiro knows that’s not true. Bakugou is – well,
explosive, to say the least. But he can actually be a pretty chill dude when nothing is getting
on his nerves! He’s a nerd, and a neat-freak, and when he’s left to his own devices, he spends
most of his energy on training and schoolwork without sparing a thought to the things or
people who he considers beneath him. So, almost everything and everyone.
Which is a pretty cruddy attitude, Eijiro can’t really argue otherwise. Yeah, Bakugou should
really learn the names of their classmates instead of staring blankly at them and handing out
demeaning nicknames – though, on the topic, Eijiro is pretty sure Bakugou actually does
know at least his name, even if he still never uses it. But that’s not the point; the point is that
no matter how it may look, Bakugou’s not actually the type to go around picking fights.
Bakugou only starts shit when he’s been provoked. Or at least, when he thinks he’s been
provoked, which is an important distinction because Bakugou’s idea of provocation definitely
doesn’t seem to match up with the dictionary definition. The result is the same though, just
maybe a bit less predictable. Bakugou comes into class, and he sits down, and he does his
own thing. He looks at his phone or his schoolwork or something, and yeah, he glowers while
he does it, but that’s just the way his face is. He never starts yelling or snarling until someone
else does something to spark his temper – usually Kaminari, on purpose, or Iida, on accident.
Iida is a great example, actually! Because Bakugou doesn’t like Iida. Well, Bakugou maybe
doesn’t like anyone, but he actually dislikes Iida. But he just ignores him, right, because he
dislikes him, but Bakugou’s whole deal is that the things and people he dislikes don’t deserve
his time or attention. So Bakugou mostly just doesn’t acknowledge Iida’s existence, until the
poor guy tries to lecture him on something, and then Bakugou explodes because he’s being
forced to interact with this person he thinks is beneath him.
And Eijiro’s not going to defend that type of reaction. He can like Bakugou and also
acknowledge that the dude really needs to get a grip on his temper, and maybe pull his entire
head out of his ass while he’s at it, because their classmates are actually all really neat people.
But at the same time, Eijiro understands why Bakugou reacts the way he does, and it’s not
just because screaming at people is his passion or something like that. Bakugou is loud and
brash and abrasive, but Eijiro is positive that he’s not actually a bad guy.
Unless, apparently, you’re Midoriya Izuku.
Bakugou focuses on Midoriya in a way Eijiro frankly didn’t think Bakugou could focus on
anyone other than himself. It’s like everything Midoriya does, even just existing, instantly

snaps the at-best thin thread of Bakugou’s temper. There’s a sharper edge to that anger, too –
something less superficial than the tantrums he throws when someone says something to piss
him off.
Eijiro thinks Bakugou hates Midoriya. Most of class 1-A would probably claim that Bakugou
hates everyone, based on the way he snaps at and insults them. But that’s just what
indifference looks like on a guy like Bakugou. The way he reacts to Midoriya – that’s what
Bakugou’s hatred looks like.
And Eijiro just doesn’t get why.
Midoriya seems like a fine person. Spirited and capable, if his presence at UA and
performance in the festival are anything to judge by, but also flighty and nervous. He’s the
type of dude Eijiro would absolutely love to be friends with, but he’d never expect Bakugou
to give Midoriya a second glance. If Midoriya were anyone else, Bakugou would see him cry
and hear him stutter, and call him an extra and leave it at that.
Instead, Bakugou seems to hunt Midoriya down for the sole purpose of getting angry at him.
He does a similar thing with Todoroki, but Eijiro can understand that – Todoroki is strong and
aloof in a way that presses Bakugou’s buttons. But he’s at least ten times worse with
Midoriya, and Eijiro just doesn’t get it.
Midoriya stands across from him, a silent mystery. Eijiro quells his curiosity and offers a
smile, which Midoriya returns, more subdued.
“Let’s have a good match,” Eijiro says as Present Mic calls them to ready. With a nod,
Midoriya shifts his feet into a fighting stance.
Eijiro charges forward the moment Present Mic announces the start of the match, fist and
forearm hardening as he aims a punch for Midoriya’s head. The blow is easily diverted, and
Midoriya retaliates with an elbow to the gut that Eijiro hardens in time to mitigate. Midoriya
hisses, dropping beneath the next swing of Eijiro’s fist.
As Midoriya pops back up behind him, Eijiro pivots to follow. Midoriya is fast, faster than
Eijiro is even when he’s not made stiff and weighty by his quirk. This game of chase is
familiar to Eijiro from his sparring with Bakugou, though familiarity makes it no less
frustrating. Eijiro hits hard when he hits, but using Hardening offensively still feels clunky
and slow, like he is moving through water. He makes as if to aim another blow at Midoriya’s
head, hoping his opponent will fall for the feint and he’ll be able to get a hit in on his ribs.
Midoriya twists to the side and raises his own arm – his form is bad, terrible actually, he’ll
break his hand if he tries to punch anyone like that, much less Eijiro. But rather than try to
drive his fist into Eijiro’s stone-edged face, Midoriya opens his palm, and then Eijiro is
hacking and cursing as his eyes and throat both burn with foreign grit.
“Oh, an old classic!” Present Mic crows through the stadium. “Bit of a dirty trick, huh?”
Eijiro jumps back, putting distance between himself and Midoriya while his vision is blurred.
Blinking rapidly to encourage tears to clear his eyes, Eijiro fights the urge to rub his face

while he spits dust from his mouth and tries to keep track of Midoriya’s movements. As
terrible as the grating burn of his eyes is, it’s another thing Eijiro has grown accustomed to
through his spars with Bakugou, whose quirk produces no shortage of smoke and dust. Of
course, Bakugou turns out to be far louder and more predictable than Midoriya.
Heat flashes along the back of Eijiro’s neck, skin tightening under the sudden onslaught in
the brief second before his reflexes kick in, hardening the entire length of his back. Orange
light flickers on the very edges of his vision. Eijiro curses himself for not considering the
torches positioned along the boundary line, for not connecting them with the whispered
conversations of his classmates about Midoriya stealing away Todoroki’s fire at the end of
the cavalry battle. Thankfully, Hardening holds up well against heat, at least over short time
periods.
While the flames fan out against his back, licking around his sides, Midoriya closes the
distance between them. Eijiro folds with the punch delivered to his stomach, skin crackling to
rigidity only a fraction of a second after Midoriya makes contact. The blow isn’t too hard,
winding Eijiro only slightly and not staggering him at all, but before he can straighten up, a
hand closes around the top of his head, slamming his chin down into the knee that rises to
meet it. Blood fills his mouth in a burst of copper as his teeth snap closed around his tongue.
Before Midoriya can withdraw, Eijiro seizes him by the shin, anchoring them together while
he drives a heavy hit into Midoriya’s abdomen. While Midoriya wheezes on a stolen breath,
Eijiro disengages, finally managing to blink his eyes clear. He spits again, blood this time,
licking it from the points of his teeth.
Midoriya straightens up, eyes dark and serious. Fire heaves behind him like a living thing.
Now this is someone Eijiro can see Bakugou taking seriously, though he still has to wonder
what Midoriya has done to earn Bakugou’s ire rather than his respect. He’ll save the
wondering for later, though – now’s not the time for it.
Hoping to catch Midoriya before he can completely recover, Eijiro runs forward. Flames rise
between them like a shield, but Eijiro charges through them, heedless of the heat and
determined to press his advantage. But Midoriya sees him coming, just like he did at the
beginning of the match, and as Eijiro’s attack sweeps over his shoulder, Midoriya is grabbing
him by the elbow before Eijiro can wind back another hit.
Eijiro tries to brace himself, tries to tear himself away, but his feet leave the ground before he
can gain any traction. Midoriya’s shoulder is a hard bar against Eijiro’s chest, and then he is
airborne, a dizzy second where the intense green of Midoriya’s eyes is replaced by a blur of
grey-brown and then blue as Eijiro is flipped around. He crashes to the ground with the
distinct sound of rocks clashing against each other, gasping as the air is driven out of his
lungs.
“Kirishima Eijiro is out of bounds!” Midnight calls out before Eijiro can struggle up onto his
elbows. “Midoriya Izuku moves on to the next round!” Match decided, Eijiro collapses back
onto his back with a breathless groan, ankles hanging over the white boundary line. He bangs
a fist against the ground, groaning again. Halfway through, the sound morphs into a tired
laugh.

“Are you alright?” Midoriya asks.
“Winded,” Eijiro gasps, voice hoarse as he waves a hand to brush off Midoriya’s worries.
Eliminated in the first round. Man, talk about disappointing. Eijiro had wanted to make it at
least to the second. Well, he wanted to win the entire thing, but he came in knowing that that
probably wasn’t going to happen. But hey – that didn’t stop him from giving it his best! He’d
done everything he could, and he may have lost, but that doesn’t mean he failed! He didn’t go
down without a fight, and that’s something to be proud of.
When Midoriya offers a hand, Eijiro takes it. He’s grateful for the assistance when his knees
wobble beneath him, new aches making themselves known as the adrenaline leaves his
system.
“That was a great match!” Eijiro enthuses when he catches his breath. “Super manly! I can’t
believe you got me with that dust trick!”
“Sorry,” Midoriya says. “It was a bit underhanded.”
Eijiro brushes him off, “Don’t apologize, man. It was a smart move!”
Midoriya offers a thin smile. “You should probably get to Recovery Girl,” he says.
“Hmm? I’ve had dust in my eyes before, no big deal. Nothing to worry about!”
“Your mouth is full of blood.”
Midoriya points behind him, and Eijiro turns to see his own face, blown up across one of the
stadium screens. His teeth, fully exposed by his grin, are coated red, and he slaps a hand over
his smile with a sheepish laugh.
“Forgot about that,” he admits, smacking his lips as he suddenly becomes aware of the
metallic flavor heavy in his mouth. He sticks his tongue out, crossing his eyes to try to catch
sight of the wounds there. “I guess I should make a trip to good ol’ RG then, huh? Good luck
with your other matches!”
Eijiro jogs down the tunnel to where Recovery Girl is set up, waving a farewell to Midoriya
over his shoulder as he goes. Bakugou leans against the wall outside the infirmary, glowering
first at the floor, and then Eijiro when he catches his attention.
“Fucking took you long enough,” Bakugou growls.
Eijiro presses a hand to his heart. “Aw, bro, were you worried about me? I’m touched.”
Bakugou scoffs. “As if I’d worry about your dumb ass. Quirk.”
“Huh?”
“Show me your quirk.”

“Why would I do that?” Eijiro asks as he holds up a hardened fist for Bakugou’s inspection.
“Because I fucking said so, that’s why,” Bakugou responds, though the words lack bite.
“Cool, now get your damn fist out of my face.”
Eijiro laughs, “Man, Bakubro, you are one weird dude.”
“Shut up. And get the old lady to fix your mouth, Jesus Christ, you look like something out
of fucking shark week.”
“I know! I forgot all about it until Midoriya pointed it out. Hey – should I call him Midoriya
or Izuku? I don’t want to make him uncomfortable.”
“How the fuck should I know?” Bakugou asks.
“Well, you know him, don’t you?”
Bakugou’s upper lip twitches. Eijiro expects him to yell, but his voice is quiet, if intense,
when he says, “Not as well as I thought I did.”
The words seem heavy, somehow. Yet another thing to add to the list of stuff Eijiro absolutely
does not understand about this situation.
“You’re no help,” he sighs, forcing normality. “Don’t know why I bothered asking, you’re the
one who calls people things like Shitty Hair, after all.”
“You have shitty fucking hair.”
“I also have a name. It’s Kirishima Eijiro.” Eijiro is pretty sure Bakugou already knows this,
but a reminder never hurts, just in case. Bakugou grumbles and shoves him through the
infirmary doors.

Kirishima Eijiro. Quirk: Hardening.
A straightforward fighter. Limited strategy. Physically strong even without quirk. Quirk
enhanced blows can easily bruise, scrape, and fracture, as well as winding or disorienting
opponents, allowing subsequent hits to land. Potential for internal bleeding.
Countermeasures: prioritize dodging – movements tend to be slow and clearly telegraphed.
Outlast – not well suited to drawn-out fights. Take advantage of flagging endurance if
necessary.
High defensive capabilities. Hardened skin is practically impervious to unenhanced physical
blows (stone chips stone – can Hardening break Hardening?). Barehanded attacks against
Hardening are likely to be self-destructive. Cannot be burned but can be sensitive to heat over
long-term exposure (becomes brittle with the cold?). Countermeasures: speed and

unpredictability – Hardening must be consciously activated and therefore cannot protect
against an unanticipated blow. Specific targeting – eyes and mouth remain vulnerable. Joints
are likely less enforced to maintain flexibility.

Kirishima is a versatile opponent who excels in team scenarios due to his affable personality.
A lack of creativity limits his abilities in one-on-one matches. High potential, but gaps in
technique at this point are easy to take advantage of. Avoid his offensive maneuvers and
adapt fighting style to take advantage of holes in his defense.

Outcome: assured victory.

“Did you go to see Recovery Girl?” Shouta asks when Izuku steps into the announcers’
booth, at least ten minutes earlier than Shouta expected him to.
“Am I allowed to, then?” Izuku asks in return, cocking his head to the side. “I wasn’t sure,
since I’m supposed to be supervised.”
Shouta sighs. “Of course you can go to Recovery Girl if you’re hurt.”
“The restrictions are just a safety precaution,” Hizashi adds. He smiles as he says it, but
there’s a sadness in his eyes, something soft and weary that Izuku too often evokes. “They’re
not meant to compromise your well-being.”
“But isn’t it a little reckless? I could sneak away. Or Tomura could snatch me up.”
“Are you planning to sneak away?” Shouta asks flatly.
“Of course not.” Izuku pauses for a moment, considering. “Tomura’s not going to show up,
either. Kurogiri won’t let him. I was just curious. But I don’t need to see Recovery Girl,
anyway. It was a short fight, I’m fine.”
“Kirishima got you in the stomach. I know how hard that kid can hit.”
Izuku shrugs. “It’s just a bruise, really.”
Shouta sighs again, eying the kid carefully. He seems fine enough, but the way he seems is
unlikely to be a reliable indicator of his actual state. Izuku stares placidly back, calm enough
that Shouta is nearly unnerved.
“Are you good on your own here for a moment?” Shouta asks Hizashi as Todoroki and Sero
prepare to take the field.

“Yep! I’m the one who’s doing all the hard work anyway. You’re moral support, at best.”
Hizashi sticks his tongue out, scrunching his face up. Shouta rolls his eyes.
“All right then,” Shouta says, groaning as he stands. Izuku steps to the side as Shouta
approaches the door. “With me, kid.”
He jimmies the door open with his elbow and a push of his shoulder, until Izuku reaches past
him to hold it open. Shouta leads them a short distance down the hallway to a bathroom,
nodding Izuku inside. The lights flicker on with a florescent buzz as they pass the threshold.
“Shirt off,” Shouta orders gruffly. “Let me at least see how bad it is before deciding whether
or not to force you to Recovery Girl.”
Without complaint, Izuku unzips his jacket, shrugging it off his arms and folding it
haphazardly onto the counter between the sinks. He doesn’t remove his undershirt entirely,
but he obligingly raises the hem of it so Shouta can assess the blooming bruise just beneath
his ribs. The skin is a blotchy red, with faint hints of blue already developing around the
edges, but it’s far from the worse bruise Shouta has seen in the shape of Kirishima’s fists. He
clicks his tongue, awkwardly using his elbow to drag a plastic packet of topical bruise paste
out of one of his pockets.
“Damn casts,” he mutters as the medicine falls to the ground. “That’s for you,” he tells Izuku,
who has silently watched the whole spectacle, as brief as it thankfully was. “Just put it on the
bruise, a thin layer should be fine. It will help with healing and numb the area a little in the
meantime.”
“It’s really not that bad,” Izuku reiterates as he picks the packet up and tears it open.
“No, it’s not,” Shouta agrees. “But if it can be better, there’s no reason it shouldn’t be.”
Pinning his shirt up beneath one arm, Izuku carefully spreads the paste over his damaged
skin. Shouta purses his lips. Besides the bruise, the kid is in admirably good shape, though
Shouta isn’t particularly surprised on that front, given how much experience the kid has with
all the tools at his disposal. His fingers and palms are slightly pinker than normal – from the
fire, Shouta would guess, but the damage is hardly advanced enough to call a burn – and one
of his elbows is very slightly abraded – which is what happens when you try to elbow stone
in the stomach. But all in all, Shouta will admit that a trip to Recovery Girl would be overkill.
Still, he’s worried for Izuku. Physically he’s fine, but there has been something off with him
since lunch, and there is no ignoring how unusual his current behavior is. So quiet, so
obedient. No stuttering, no stubborn insistence that Shouta doesn’t need to worry about him.
Where’s the flustering, the reflexive denial that he is deserving of any care and concern?
Carefully, Shouta asks, “How are you feeling?”
With a last smear of his fingers, Izuku lets his shirt fall back into place, tugging the side of it
away from his skin so it doesn’t stick to the ointment. He meets Shouta’s eyes, the both of
them staring silently at the other for a long moment. The kid tips his head and hums
thoughtfully, considering.

“I’m not,” he admits. He doesn’t sound guilty. Of course he doesn’t – he doesn’t feel guilty.
Not now, at least. He probably will later.
Shouta is disappointed to hear it – in himself or Izuku, he can’t say. Probably himself. He
wants to say he is disappointed the kid activated whatever emotional suppression quirk he
has, but can Shouta really blame him? Izuku is the type of person who feels so much all the
time. It’s one of the most wonderful things about him, and simultaneously the fatal flaw that
has made the kid’s life so tragically cruel. Considering everything Izuku has gone through, he
has come remarkably far remarkably quickly, and Shouta can’t fault him from wanting to
escape it all, especially with the festival undoubtably putting undue pressure on him when
he’s already in a fragile state.
Shouta can damn well blame himself, though. It’s his job to take care of the kid, to comfort
him, protect him even from the monsters on the inside, and Shouta has clearly failed to do
that.
At least Izuku told him. Shouta can marginally assuage his guilt with that fact. Izuku stared at
him, long and hard, and whatever he was assessing, he deemed Shouta worthy of being
confided in. Whether that confidence was a matter of practicality or a reflection of their
personal relationship, Shouta’s not sure. He hopes for the latter, suspects the former.
“Was it Nedzu or Bakugou?” Shouta asks, leaning heavily against the wall.
“Bakugou,” Izuku confirms. “I had to tell him about my father.”
Beneath his bandages, Shouta’s eyebrows shoot up. He’ll admit that he didn’t imagine that
the conversation he interrupted involved that particular revelation. True, Bakugou had
seemed shaken, but Shouta had assumed that their confrontation was just the result of
Bakugou’s temper boiling over.
“Why activate this quirk again?” Shouta questions. “Hizashi would have helped you, you
know that.”
“Mic has a job to do,” Izuku argues, shaking his head.
“Zashi would have wanted to help you.”
Izuku blinks, eyes clear but blank, not understanding. Shouta grits his teeth. You’d think that
taking emotions out of the equation would make someone more rational – and that’s true, to
an extent. Afterall, Izuku followed Shouta and let Shouta gauge his injuries, without the
protests that his insecurity and self-worth issues would normally elicit. Hell, he’d thrown dirt
in Kirishima’s face. That alone should have been a dead giveaway that something wasn’t
right, because Izuku would normally be far too conflicted to resort to a tactic like that.
But there are certain things that we feel for so long that they start to look like facts. Say
something often enough and you start to believe it.
“That doesn’t make a difference,” the kid says after a moment. “Even if Mic had calmed me
down, I would have been… raw, exhausted. I wouldn’t have been able to compete.”

Shouta grimaces with discomfort. There is too much here that he doesn’t want to dissect.
He’s not good with things like this. Zashi is the emotional support in the little trio they’re
becoming; Shouta is the voice of rationality.
He should have pulled Izuku out of the festival this morning – to hell with Nedzu and
whatever he was scheming. The sports festival is – Shouta isn’t going to say it’s not
important. It is, he gives lectures to his students every year on just how big an impact it can
have on their futures. But it’s also just a school event. It is important, but it’s not the most
important thing. It is not something to amputate a piece of yourself over. Shouta is disgusted
with himself to have encouraged such recklessly self-destructive behavior over something
that is ultimately so trivial.
“And you can compete like this?” he asks.
“I already have,” Izuku points out. “It’s probably easier, even, when I’m not hesitating over
the fear of hurting someone.”
Shouta closes his eyes and tips his head back against the wall, tired and head aching.
Whenever Yagi isn’t around, Shouta is grateful, but he finds himself particularly glad that the
man isn’t here to witness this particular interaction.
“Sometimes it’s good to hesitate to hurt people,” he says slowly. Izuku frowns at him, a
shadow of offense that is nearly comical, in an absurd kind of way.
“I’m not going to do anything bad,” the problem child says. “My emotions are all still there.
I know what they are, and I can use them to inform my decisions, they just can’t hold me
back right now.”
Oddly, Shouta is not relieved to hear his ward assure him that he’s not going to go on a
psychotic rampage. Please don’t let it be foreshadowing, he thinks, prays to whatever god
listens to tired bastards like him.
“This isn’t a healthy way to deal with things.” Shouta forces the words out of his mouth,
throat thick and sore around the syllables. “You can’t just turn off your emotions when you’re
feeling something you don’t want to be.”
“I know,” Izuku promises. The assurance means very little. If he knows, that means he simply
chose to do it anyway, and the fact that Shouta can’t blame him doesn’t make the whole thing
any less concerning.
“As soon as the festival is over, you turn it off, or I turn it off for you.”
Izuku nods agreeably. He opens his mouth to add something but is cut off as the building
shudders around them. Shouta lurches away from the wall, striding back to the door in two
quick steps and shoving it open with his side. Behind him, Izuku snatches his jacket off the
counter and rushes to follow.
“It’s fine!” he calls. “It’s just Todoroki!”

Dubiously, “Todoroki?”
“Yes,” Izuku confirms. “It’s not the League. None of the alarms are going off.”
“So you think it’s Todoroki?” Shouta asks, not grasping whatever leap of logic the kid has
made.
Only a fraction of a second after the question leaves Shouta’s mouth, Izuku pulls open the
door of the announcers’ booth. The room has been cast in a strange, muted blue light, and
Hizashi sits an arm’s length from the desk, gaping, glasses askew.
“See?” Izuku says, gesturing unnecessarily to the spire of ice that has blocked nearly the
entire window. The monitors in the room show various shots of the now-obscured tournament
field – Todoroki cracking ice from his limbs with sharp movements, Sero frozen in a glacier
easily 100 times his size. On her stage, Nemuri, shivering and dumbfounded, gets a grip on
herself and declares Todoroki the winner.
“How the hell did you guess that Todoroki had done this?” Shouta can’t help but demand. He
exchanges a look with Hizashi, who shrugs with clear confusion. Izuku drags a chair close to
the monitors, scrutinizing them intently as he pulls his jacket back on.
Absently, Izuku answers, “Todoroki’s got something to prove.”

Sero Hanta. Quirk: Tape.
Fast with high maneuverability. Tends to maintain distance. Adept at avoiding ranged attacks.
Hard to hit. Decent endurance to outlast opponents. Countermeasures: sweeping, area-ofeffect attacks. Terrain – quirk is best suited for urban use, incompatible with flat, barren
landscapes.
Excellent capture abilities. Tape is strong and flexible, with a long range. Seems to be
incredibly durable. Tape can hold up against physical strength and a wide variety of quirks
(how wide?). Can reliably immobilize even fully conscious targets. Well-practiced with aim
and trick-shots (similarities to Eraserhead’s capture weapon?). Countermeasures: strike first
to avoid capture. Reversal – Tape tethers combatants together, at least temporarily. Can be
taken advantage of to gain advantage or close distance (does the tape stick to quirk user?).

Todoroki Shouto. Quirk: Half-Cold Half-Hot.
Ice is powerful and well-controlled. Favors ranged attacks, proficient in close combat. Can
immobilize and create adverse terrain for opponents. Prolonged exposure can cause frostbite
and hypothermia. Countermeasures: shatter – ice can easily be shattered with quirks of

weapons (more durable ice to craft improvised weapons?). Outlast – quirk backlash leads to
low endurance and extreme consequences when overused (fire???).
Trained combatant. More stamina that most peers. Already knows how to fight. Adaptable
and strategic. Doesn’t choke under pressure. Unlikely to hold back. Countermeasures: there
are no shortcuts to compensate for experience. Fight dirty.

Sero has good upper body strength, but little to no close combat training. He prefers to detain
his opponents than to engage with them. Out-speeding is his primary strategy. Relies on
dodging attacks and outlasting opponents until he can achieve capture. Straightforward in his
attempts. Needs to learn how to lay effective traps and diversify his strategy.
Todoroki is powerful and has more training that his classmates. Easily baited into expending
more energy than necessary, speeding up quirk exhaustion. Needs to use his fire. Vulnerable
to personal attacks. Has a chip on his shoulder (Todoroki Enji?). Get into his head to gain the
advantage.

Outcome: Sero won’t last a minute.

Chapter End Notes

CWs: Canon typical violence – sports festival bruh
Dissociation – hey, remember that emotion suppressing quirk? Yeah.
Unhealthy coping mechanisms – see above
Meme overflow!!
Fola: X X X X
Icarus: X
Kai: X
Rhino: X X
Roman: X X X X X
Sam: X
Zombs: X X
Also, if y’all have any predictions about who’s going to end up on the podium, you
should tell me!! I’m curious and I want to know how predictable I am lol
Kirishima: I don’t get why Bakugou has such a problem with Midoriya.
Izuku: *absolutely destroys him*
Kirishima, spitting blood: I just don’t understand, Midoriya is such a nice guy.

Izuku: *activates Dissociation*
Aizawa: …What did you just do?
Izuku: Nothing you can prove.
(the entire building shakes)
Aizawa: What the fuck?! We’re under attack! It must be the League!
Izuku: It’s just Todoroki.
Aizawa: … what?
Izuku: Yeah, he has daddy issues or something, I don’t know his whole deal yet.
Next chapter: Half-Cold Half-Hot – Part VII
Update: Apr 8

Chapter 23: Half-Cold Half-Hot - Part VII
Chapter Notes

I’m a little late, but it’s still Friday for me, and that’s all that matters. My computer was
lagging like hell the entire time I was writing this, which I’m sure has nothing to do with
the fact that I keep IGG in a single word document that is nearly 400 pages.
Anyway, this chapter is a lot of little bits to finish up the first round. I had to manfully
resist the urge to make an entire perspective scene for each match, because HCHH is
already long enough. Sometimes you have to bite the bullet and sacrifice your eternal
desire to study characters for actual plot progression. So, we end up with Izuku’s
analysis breakdown of all the matches and mini character studies because I couldn’t
resist. It’s a short chapter, and honestly the closest thing to “filler” so far, but hopefully
it’s still enjoyable enough to read.
I played around with the format and structure of Izuku’s analysis this chapter, but I will
someday go back to edit the previous chapter to make things consistent. Until that
theoretical day, bear with me.
And now for the Discord memes!
Cloud: X X X X X
Gourd: X
Roman: X X X X X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Aoyama Yuga*. Quirk: Navel Laser.
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Aoyama Yuga, pages 1-4
Rapid fire attacks. Creates hard-to-dodge volleys. Beams can ricochet. High range.
Difficult to dodge due to high velocity. Good aim. Countermeasures: predictive dodging
– beams can only be fired straight ahead (potential for laser refraction?). Close combat –
attack from side or behind.
Control of beam density. Can create burns and cause knock-back. Strong blast is
potentially lethal. Light flashes can lead to disorientation (double-edged?). Damage to
surroundings may create debris. Countermeasures: see above.
Shinsou Hitoshi. Quirk: name unknown.
Manipulation of opponents. Quirk takes control of target (hypnosis? extent?). Verbal
trigger. Countermeasures: silence – exact conditions of trigger unknown, don’t take
risks. Physical jolt – cancels quirk effect?

Unknown factor. Limited information available on strengths and weaknesses. Hard to
strategize against. Countermeasures: caution.
Aoyama has a powerful quirk but is limited by harsh backlash. Arrogant persona often
prevents him from taking his opponents seriously. A direct blow from Navel Laser can easily
be debilitating. Not getting hit needs to be a priority. Good aim is offset by backlash. Beam
accuracy and intensity lowers with time. Endurance is poor. Outlasting is a viable strategy to
gain the advantage.
Shinsou is a general education student. May have less training and/or experience as a result
but making such an assumption is risky. Seems slightly clumsy. May be at a disadvantage in
hand-to-hand combat. His teammates from the cavalry battle did not join him willingly –
likely recruited via quirk. Suggests reasonably good stamina and reliance on quirk. Don’t
respond to anything he says. Don’t underestimate him; aim for as fast a victory as possible.

Prediction: inconclusive, dependent on whether Shinsou can activate his quirk and his
physical abilities.
Outcome: Aoyama seems aware of Shinsou’s quirk (likely told by Ojiro Mashirao). Shinsou
dodges attacks with difficulty – speed, reflexes, and coordination seem average to below
average. Shinsou baits Aoyama successfully and sends him out of bounds.
Match: Shinsou.

The boundary line is three inches from Hitoshi’s pinky when he trips over himself and lands
hard on the ground. His palms sting and pulse as the scrapes from earlier – dear fucking god,
that kid killed his father, what the hell is Hitoshi supposed to do with that information, what
kind of world is he living in – tear open. The impact jolts up his wrists, shaking his bones and
sending a throb through his arms, echoed by all the pulsing points of pain where he wasn’t
quite fast enough to dodge Aoyama’s laser.
Hitoshi pants, leaning forward over his knees as his elbows tremble and threaten to give out,
threaten to collapse him backwards right over that dangerously-close boundary line. For the
moment, Aoyama has ceased fire. When Hitoshi looks up, ignoring the way his vision swims,
lagging a second behind the movement of his eyes, the blonde is smirking. He hasn’t moved
an inch since the match started, attacking from a distance that Hitoshi couldn’t seem to close
without getting hit.
“Wipe that look off your face,” Hitoshi snaps, voice pathetically thin as he still struggles to
catch his breath. “You think this is fucking funny? Funny that someone like me would even
bother to try, huh? It must be so easy to look down on everyone when you’ve been put on a
pedestal your entire life.”

Aoyama has the good grace to look abashed, not that that does anything to soothe the sharp
edges of Hitoshi’s frustration. Pity is just as useless to him as condescension. All he wants,
for once in his goddamned life, is a little respect, some acknowledgement.
His father is watching. His dad is actually watching, and he thought Hitoshi was doing well,
and he sounded so surprised when he told Hitoshi that. And Hitoshi is going to keep doing
well, he’s going to surprise the whole lot of them, all the people who ever told him that his
desire to be a hero was reaching too far when he was born with a quirk like Brainwashing.
He’s going to prove everyone wrong, he is, all he needs is a chance.
“No,” Aoyama says. He closes his mouth around the word, sharp and aborted, sealing his lips
together tightly, but the damage has already been done. In the back of Hitoshi’s head, a light
flares to life, a beacon. Compared to Aoyama’s camera-perfect smile, Hitoshi’s grin is
vindictive.
“Walk out of bounds,” he orders.
Like a doll, Aoyama does.
There is a moment of heavy confusion, audible in the silence that falls over the stadium, in
the delay between Aoyama stepping over the line and Midnight calling the match. Hitoshi’s
breath feels like nails in his throat, razors in his lungs.
He waits for questions, demands, outrage. These are the things he knows to wait for, the
things that have always come to him in the past. But then there are the things he has learned
not to bother hoping for, hope that swells up in him anyway, because this time it’ll be
different, it has to be. Hitoshi waits and he hopes for spiteful, contrary things, like respect and
acknowledgement.
Cheer, god damn it, he thinks. Cheer, you fucking bastards.
And after a moment, the crowd does.

Tokoyami Fumikage*. Quirk: Dark Shadow**.
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Tokoyami Fumikage, pages 53-56
**The UA Project: Volume 1 – Dark Shadow, pages 77-80
Versatile. High offense and defense. Dark Shadow is excellent for mid-range attacking
and blocking. Claws and beak can inflict substantial damage. Not easily penetrable by
most projectiles. Decent at hand-to-hand combat. Countermeasures: light – weakens
Dark Shadow. Attack from multiple directions.

Partnership. Telepathic communication. Awareness is shared. Hard to catch by surprise.
Well-practiced team strategies. Countermeasures: distraction – Dark Shadow is
particularly easy to distract (empathic connection?).
Monoma Neito*. Quirk: Copy.
*The UA Project: Volume 2 – Monoma Neito, pages 69-72
Unpredictable. Strategy depends on copied quirks. Abundant possibilities available. Can
be tailored to specific opponents. Hard to counter. Countermeasures: be adaptable –
flexible thinking and fighting to compensate for unknowns. Outlast – strict time limit on
copied quirks.
Analytical. Good at find strengths of copied quirks and weaknesses of opposing quirks.
Copied quirks tend to be carefully chosen. Countermeasures: outlast.
Tokoyami is a unique opponent. Much of his physical strength comes from Dark Shadow, but
their connection allows for seamless teamwork. Dark Shadow can be volatile. Emotional
state and power are both strongly related to light. Connection may be a liability when Dark
Shadow is particularly uncooperative (may be possible to play them against each other?
risky). Light-based or multi-directional attacks are the best counters for Dark Shadow’s high
defense. Dark Shadow is less effective in close combat and can become a hinderance, but
Tokoyami can hold his own under such circumstances.
Monoma’s performance is highly conditional. He has a high ceiling and a low floor. Base
abilities are fairly average, but Copy can theoretically give him the advantage in most battles.
Highly restricted by time limit (flexible with further training?). Strategic, but commonly
weakened by arrogance and easy to manipulate. Needs to focus on strategically pairing quirks
together.

Prediction: inconclusive, dependent on Monoma’s quirk set and strategy.
Outcome: Monoma copies Dark Shadow. Dark Shadow becomes distressed. Fumikage fails
to calm her down and Monoma shoves them both out of bounds.
Match: Monoma.

“Now,” says the loud blonde from 1-B, “let’s see what you think of your quirk when it’s
turned against you.” Dark Shadow bristles at the suggestion. She would never turn against
Fumi. Except maybe sometimes at night, when it is very dark and she is very upset, but even
then, she isn’t against her Fumi. Besides, the sun is still out!

Smirking, the boy adds, “I’ve always wanted a pet.” Dark Shadow hisses and internally, Fumi
echoes her sentiment, though he is much better at keeping a straight face than she is.
The boy holds out his arms, and his fingers, splayed out at his sides, lengthen and darken. He
blinks, bringing his hands up in front of him as they twist into familiar talons, solid but blurry
around the edges like all of Dark Shadow is. Quickly, the transformation races up his arms,
disappearing beneath the sleeves of his gym uniform and reemerging from his collar,
consuming his face in a veil of inky blackness, all too similar to Dark Shadow’s own being,
except tinted slightly blue rather than slightly purple.
What is he doing? Dark Shadow demands of Fumi. Fumi always knows the answers and
always explains when there is something Dark Shadow does not understand.
I don’t know, Fumi admits. It must be his quirk.
I don’t like it.
The boy laughs. “Unexpected,” he says. “But just as well. Who needs a familiar when you
can just do it yourself?” He grins, mouth a slightly blacker black, eyes like blue lanterns.
Fumi steels himself, swiping out an arm, but Dark Shadow doesn’t follow the direction. She
shrinks back in closer to him, and they both roll to the side as the boy stretches a talon across
the field towards them. The movement is fast and elastic and leaves grooves in the dirt where
they were standing, and it is so, so familiar that it is uncanny.
“Dark Shadow,” Fumi says sternly. It’s her name, and it’s also an order, one she has heard
hundreds of times and is usually eager to obey.
I don’t like it, she repeats. And despite his composure, she knows Fumi doesn’t like it either,
doesn’t like this boy who has become like her.
Not, she notes, like them.
Like her. Like Dark Shadow and only Dark Shadow. Her, all alone, as she isn’t meant to
exist.
I don’t want to play this game anymore. I don’t like it.

Shoji Mezo*. Quirk: Dupli-Arms.
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Shoji Mezo, pages 41-44
Physically enhanced. High strength, durability, and reflexes. Good speed considering
size. Excellent stamina. Physical abilities are passive. Quirk increases offensive and
defensive power, but strength, etc. is independent of quirk use. Countermeasures:

strategy – work smarter not harder. Judo techniques – turn size and strength into a
detriment.
Excellent senses. Good for stealth and information gathering. Makes sneak attacks
ineffective. Countermeasures: abandon stealth tactics. Sensory overload (untested).
Ashido Mina*. Quirk: Acid.
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Ashido Mina, pages 5-8
Excellent technique. Control of acid solubility, viscosity, and corrosion. Enhances
maneuverability. Can damage skin, gear, and environment. Potential for strategic
targeting (i.e. gear, eyes). Countermeasures: temperature sensitive – acid freezes (tested)
and may be flammable (untested).
Dance experience. Increases overall physical abilities. Great body control. High speed,
strength, and reflexes. Applies skills to hand-to-hand combat. Countermeasures: strategy
– adapts poorly to unforeseen events.
Shoji is the physically strongest member of class 1-A. Due to his high strength and durability,
he is difficult to beat in a straightforward battle of brawn. Hesitates to use much force against
classmates. Unlikely to go on the offensive. Best strategy would be to out speed and
manipulate his position to bring him out of bounds. Be wary of the risk of immobilization.
Ashido has excellent control of her quirk. She is stronger than many expect. Weakens in
drawn out battles due to quirk exhaustion and poor long-term strategizing. Good dodging
skills, but poor defensive ability. Tends to charge into battle headfirst with little planning.

Prediction: Shoji.
Outcome: Acid has negligible effects on Shoji. Shoji captures Ashido and carries her out of
bounds.
Match: Shoji.

Mina had a plan! Plans might not really be her thing, but she makes them. They just don’t
always work out.
Like this one.
Okay, so, the plan went something like this: acid – skate, skate, skate – ACID!

It’s not a bad plan. Simple, which is good – flexible, and easy to follow. And it takes into
account the two big things Mina knows about Shoji. First, that Shoji is super strong, so she
probably shouldn’t get close to him. Acid attacks from a distance, then. Zero-risk offensive
maneuvers! Second, that she’s faster than Shoji, which she needs to take advantage of if she
wants to win. So – skate, skate, skate. Just watch Shoji try to keep up when she’s skating
around so fast! If he runs after her, he’ll probably just slip and fall in some of her acid and
wouldn’t that be embarrassing for him! Then throw in some more acid for good measure,
rinse and repeat, and she’s got herself a plan!
It was a good plan, Mina thinks. And she stands by the skating part of it. Problem is that
Shoji didn’t seem particularly bothered by the ACID! of it all. And unfortunately, that was the
more important part, because without it she was just skating around the arena – which was
cute and fun, but not doing her any favors towards the whole winning deal.
Now, there’s a very good reason that Mina’s original plan didn’t look like this: acid – skate,
skate, skate – PUNCH! Punching didn’t feature anywhere in her original plan because,
frankly, punching Shoji is a super dumb thing to do. But what’s a girl to do when her acid
fails her? Sometimes when the good plan doesn’t work, you have to buck up and move onto
the bad one!
Which is how she finds herself here. Squirming in Shoji’s six-armed grip, which is carefully
not too tight, even as she leaks acid all over him. She can’t escape his hold no matter how
slippery she makes herself, though, because the guy is just too big, basically cocooning her
up in his arms.
“Sorry,” he says as he deposits her over the boundary line. Mina crosses her arms, huffing out
a breath as Midnight announces Shoji’s victory. His arms, wet and shiny, have only a few
faintly pink patches along them, even though parts of his shirt have been entirely eaten away.
She really kicked up the potency towards the end there, and Shoji seems to have hardly
noticed.
“Did I get you at all?” Mina asks, pouting as they walk together from the arena.
“…Yes.”
“Liar!” she groans. A second after, she laughs.
Yeah, losing sucks, but she can admit – it was a pretty bad plan.

Asui Tsuyu*. Quirk: Frog.
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Asui Tsuyu, pages 9-12

Abilities of a frog. Swimming, hopping, climbing, projectile tongue. High mobility.
Tongue is both flexible and powerful. Launches at high speeds. Excellent performance
in aquatic and vertical environments. Countermeasures: temperature sensitive –
hibernates in the cold, desiccates in the heat. Close combat – prefers long-range.
Intelligent. Highly observant. Level-headed and analytical. Excellent at team strategy.
Countermeasures: stay on guard.
Yaoyorozu Momo*. Quirk: Creation.
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Yaoyorozu Momo – pages 69-72
Outstanding quirk potential. Good technique. Weapons training to compliment creation
abilities. Training investment yields high returns. Countermeasures: strike quickly –
time is a limiting mechanic.
Intelligent. Can easily expand creation repertoire. Excellent strategist. Quirk allows for
further versatility in planning. Countermeasures: overwhelm – gets flustered under
pressure.
Asui is more focused on rescue and cooperation than combat. She is not particularly strong,
but her tongue and legs are both powerful. Incredibly high mobility. Strategic and calm under
pressure. Particularly excels in a team environment, forming strategies around various quirks.
Debilitating weakness to both heat and cold (biological, likely can’t be surpassed, support
gear?).
Yaoyorozu has nearly limitless potential. Creation is limited by time (reduced with practice),
size (circumvented by breaking items into constituent parts), knowledge (easily gained due to
her intelligence), and energy (obtained through food. diet?). None of these are hard upper
limits. All can be pushed, potentially infinitely. Her greatest weakness is her own lack of
confidence, preventing her from adapting to unexpected situations. She is easy to overwhelm.

Prediction: Yaoyorozu.
Outcome: Asui pushes Yaoyorozu out of bounds before she can enact a strategy.
Match: Asui.

Failure is a horrible word.
Momo can break her life into a bunch of little failures. She shouldn’t, she knows she
shouldn’t. She should look at the big victories and ignore the little failures. An A on a math
test should be a success. The question she got wrong shouldn’t matter. The mangled

prototypes she creates are necessary steppingstones to the final product. No one gets
everything right on the first try. The failures in between aren’t important. Just little failures,
on the way to success.
Potential is another horrible word.
“You’re going to do great things, Momo,” her mother tells her, smiling beatifically.
“You’ll be amazing someday, Momo,” her father says, sounding more and more like an omen
the older she gets.
Everyone she has ever met has shared the sentiment. Family, friends, classmates, teachers.
Yes, they all say, Yaoyorozu Momo has so much potential.
She wonders what happens to potential that is never met. Does it just waste away?
Sometimes Momo feels like she is. Sometimes she feels empty, like one of her little
matryoshka dolls.
“Yaoyorozu Momo is out of bounds!” Midnight calls, snapping her whip.
It took less than two minutes. Momo didn’t even notice it happening. She made herself a
shield to buy some time while she created a rudimentary flamethrower, and then one, two,
three strikes of Tsu’s tongue against that shield and Momo had slid out of bounds without
even trying to stop it.
She straightens her spine as the crowd cheers, smiling graciously. Momo learned how to
smile when she was very young, a silent lesson that her mother was careful to teach her very
thoroughly.
Someday. Someday Momo is meant to be excellent. But not today, apparently. Today there is
no potential, just failure.
What horrible words.

Hatsume Mei. Quirk: Zoom.
Gear. Powerful and versatile. Unknown factors, hard to account for. Increases offense,
defense, mobility, and more. Risk of injury and immobilization. Potential to counter or
mimic quirks. Countermeasures: target gear – mediocre base physical abilities. Theft –
acquire a gadget (feasible? reliant on ability to operate unfamiliar mechanics. high risk).
Unpredictable. Support student. Unknown strategy, mindset, and skills. Chaotic.
Ruthless. Little regard for social norms. Difficult to strategize against. Countermeasures:
stay flexible – need to adapt quickly to changing circumstances. Don’t underestimate.

Iida Tenya*. Quirk: Engine.
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Tenya Iida, pages 13-16
Fastest of 1-A. Rapid acceleration and high sustained speeds (numbers?). Hard to track
and hit. Can disorient opponents. Delivers high-powered kicks. Countermeasures:
immobilization. Take advantage of downtime – pauses between sprints.
Legacy hero. Resources to pursue extensive training. Generations of experience
contributing to quirk technique. Familiar with professional tactics. Intelligent and
strategic. Countermeasures: duplicity – take advantage of naivety. Creative strategy –
rigid thinker, poor at adapting.
Mei makes up for any personal weaknesses with an armory of support gear. Gear covers a
wide variety of functions. As the creator, Mei is intimately familiar with their functions.
Proper gear use gives her the edge in most battles. Tends to be reckless. Prioritizes testing
gear and impressing companies (winning?). Most gadgets are prototypes and may have
exploitable flaws.
Iida is unmatched in speed among hero course students. Has more experience and training
than the majority of his classmates. Excellent quirk control. Limited by fuel (orange juice,
why?) and engine temperature (counteract with support gear?). Good situational awareness
and strategy. Lacks in creativity and adaptability. Easy to manipulate.

Prediction: inconclusive, dependent on Mei’s motives.
Outcome: Mei has shared gear with Iida (motives?). With his assistance (unwilling) she
demonstrates the function of several support items she has invented*. She steps out of bounds
(motive: advertisement).
*See notes on page 97-100 for further details
Match: Iida.

When Ojiro dropped out before the final round, Tenya could have expounded at length about
his exact feelings on the situation. It was noble of his classmate to stick to his principles, but
ultimate foolish of Ojiro to sacrifice the opportunity posed by the sports festival over such a
trivial matter.
Tenya thought this the same way he thinks most things – like a fact. A moment of thought,
and he had decided his stance on the matter, firm, without a single doubt. This is just how
Tenya is. Occasionally, Tensei will make jokes about it. He says that it’s ironic that Tenya is

so stubbornly rooted, when the Iida family has made a name for themselves by running,
moving, fast and flexible in battle.
Now, Tenya feels a bit unmoored. Noble, but foolish. What an easy thing to think when Ojiro
was the one talking about pride. Tenya understands, now. The frustration he heard in Ojiro’s
voice pings around inside Tenya now, bouncing between his ribs with a vengeance.
Ojiro was a noble man indeed, to voice his feelings so calmly. I think it was that guy’s quirk,
was all Ojiro had said about the person who stole his chance at an honorable victory. Tenya
holds Ojiro’s calm as an example in his mind and clenches his jaw around the urge to shout at
Hatsume, who giggles from the sidelines, unrepentant as she bows to a targeted section of the
crowd.
Tenya is nearly tempted to withdraw himself. Winning this match has meant nothing to him –
less than nothing, even. It doesn’t feel like he’s won anything. But even with this new, painful
perspective on the situation, Tenya stands by what he said to Ojiro. This is a rare chance for
pros to see them. One of only three opportunities to start carving a place for themselves in the
world before they are thrust into it. It would be foolish to throw this chance away.
Noble, maybe, but foolish.

Uraraka Ochako*. Quirk: Zero Gravity
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Uraraka Ochako, pages 17-20
Excellent technique. Versatile quirk applications. Increases mobility, functionally
immobilizes targets. Creative environmental applications. High weight limit (chance to
improve with training). Countermeasures: ranged combat – avoid touch to avoid
capture. Situational awareness – avoid surprise attacks from environmental components.
Rapidly improving. Little prior training by learning quickly. Brave and spirited. Eager
for teamwork. Learns from classmates. Pushing limits and developing new tactics.
Rescue focused but shows interest in diversifying. Countermeasures: don’t
underestimate.
Bakugou Katsuki*. Quirk: Explosion.
*Hero Analysis for the Future: Volume 1 – Kacchan, page 2
*The UA Project: Volume 1 – Bakugou Katsuki, pages 65-68
Prior training. Quirk and combat style are well-developed. Primarily offensive. Power
ranges from harmless sparks to potentially lethal. Excellent control of output. Some
defensive applications. Blasts can intercept attacks and destroy projectiles. Can blind,
deafen, and disorient opponents. Uses blasts for aerial movement. Countermeasures:

maintain distance – Explosion is inherently a close-combat quirk. Foresight – fighting
style has highly predictable components. Cold – inhibits quirk use.
Tenacious. Single-minded pursuit of strength and victory. Never surrenders. Prioritizing
winning over physical well-being. Countermeasures: aim for unconsciousness.
Manipulate temperament.
Uraraka has an excellent quirk for capture and rescue. A single person is trivially easy for her
to float. Immobilization is only a risk when in close proximity. Debris can be weaponized for
long-range or area-of-effect attacks. Quirk backlash (nausea, aided by medication, potential
for support gear?) only becomes relevant at very high weights or when attempting to activate
Zero Gravity on herself. Quickly innovating her strategy and technique. Potential for quirk
development (gravity nullification vs gravity manipulation?). Currently not suited for intense
combat.
Katsuki is powerful and vicious in achieving his goals. Doesn’t hesitate to use extreme force.
Controlled by his temper. Easy to manipulate into reckless action but increases risk of severe
injury. Quirk overuse results in arm and shoulder strain, but Katsuki will not hesitate to push
himself past his limits. Maintain distance if possible. Always stay on guard.

Prediction: Katsuki.
Outcome: Uraraka is unable to get close enough to use her quirk on Katsuki. Katsuki knocks
her out of bounds.
Match: Katsuki.

Chapter End Notes

*Mina is carried out of bounds in the embrace of Shoji’s many arms*
*record scratch, freeze frame*
Mina: Yep, that’s me. You’re probably wondering how I ended up in this situation.
Iida: Hatsume shared her gear with me so we could have a fair fight!
Izuku: I’ve known Mei for half an hour, but that does NOT sound like her.
Aoyama: Oui, she doesn’t seem the type.
Tokoyami: It does seem discordant with the behavior I have seen from her thus far…
Mei: It does seem kind of out of character. She must be up to something.
Me: Welcome to Izuku’s Advice Corner™! Say Izuku, what’s your advice for dealing
with Bakugou?
Izuku: Hit him until he’s unconscious. That’s all.
Me: Wow, cool! Thanks for coming everybody, this has been Izuku’s Advice Corner™!

Next chapter: Half-Cold Half-Hot – Part VIII
Update: Apr. 16
(the last part, perhaps? finally??)

Chapter 24: Half-Cold Half-Hot - Part VIII
Chapter Notes

CWs in endnotes!
Just realizing I “scheduled” this update for tomorrow, the 16th, because for some reason
last week when I wrote the date, I was convinced there were 8 days in a week. There’s
only a few scenes left in Half-Cold Half-Hot, so this is another short one.
Now, Discord stuff!
First an adorable Mina fanart from Gourd! (X)
And memes!
Cloud: X X X X X
Dev: X
Eggs: X X
Roman: X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
Surya: X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

When Izuku heads back down to the waiting rooms for his match with Todoroki, he is careful
to avoid Katsuki. Having just finished his fight against Uraraka, he’s certainly stalking
around the tunnels somewhere, but staying out of his way is a simple matter for Izuku. All he
has to do is stretch out his awareness and pinpoint the burnt caramel crackle of Explosion. He
finds Uraraka, too, the light fizz of Zero Gravity next to the mercury and hot metal of Iida’s
Engine. Todoroki is also preparing for their upcoming match, Half-Cold Half-Hot a
tumultuous point of input from down the hall.
Izuku stays out of sight as Katsuki storms by. Neither of them needs to deal with the other at
the moment – their earlier conversation was messy enough, and it clearly got under Katsuki’s
skin if the excessively large explosion he let loose on Uraraka to blast her out of the ring was
anything to go by. He and Izuku will fight in the finals, but interactions before then will only
serve to sharpen Katsuki’s aggression further.
Izuku doesn’t bother trying to avoid Endeavor, though.
“Oh, there you are,” the hero says as he rounds the corner. Izuku already knew Endeavor’s
exact height – 6’5” – but he seems taller in person, making it almost hard to meet his eyes
when they are standing this close together, but Izuku cranes his head back and ignores the
crick it creates in his neck. Endeavor is hard to look at in general, actually, what with the
flames dancing around his eyes and mouth. It’s an intimidating effect, but an impractical one,
both distracting and somewhat uncomfortably bright.
“Are you supposed to be down here?” Izuku asks.

“I watched your fight,” Endeavor says, ignoring the question. That’s fine, Izuku already
knows the answer – no, Endeavor is attending the sports festival as a spectator, meaning these
backstage areas are supposed to be off-limits to him, regardless of his ranking.
“You have a wonderful quirk,” the hero continues, offsetting what may seem like praise with
a fierce glower. “Who did you steal it from?”
“Actually, there’s three, and I didn’t steal them at all. My father did, decades ago, and then he
gave them to me – it was a whole process. But I don’t think that’s what you were getting at.”
Endeavor’s scowl, already perpetual, deepens, which is confirmation enough. “Did you need
something, sir?” Izuku asks politely.
Endeavor draws himself up somehow taller, looming over Izuku, the flames around his face
swelling and peaking to match the growing intensity of his glare. Izuku, of course, is
unphased by this, but he breaks eye contact so the man will think he has perhaps succeeded in
his little intimidation attempt. Endeavor is far from the scariest thing Izuku has faced in his
life, but men like this have a desperate urge to make themselves feel bigger than those around
them, and those urges, when unmet, can boil over into increasing desperate actions.
Generally, it’s best to avoid such escalation.
“All Might is an embarrassment,” the man growls. “Letting you run around like this – it’s
absurd. When the time comes that you become a problem, know this: my Shouto will succeed
where All Might failed.”
“I don’t understand,” Izuku says, though he isn’t being entirely honest. He certainly has
suspicions about what Endeavor means, and he’d be confident enough to make an educated
guess, but he’s curious as to whether Endeavor will dare to elaborate. And dare Endeavor
does.
“Shouto was born to surpass All Might, and he will not be so foolish as to assume an enemy
dead without evidence. When the day comes that you follow in your father’s footsteps, it will
be my son who stops you. This battle will be the perfect opportunity for him to prove himself.
Don’t disgrace yourself too quickly.”
Izuku has to admit, he’s surprised. He knows, of course, that the hero is bold – to put it kindly
– or a bully – to put it more accurately. Endeavor throws his weight around unrepentantly,
and there’s no reason to expect children to be exempt from his power-hungry posturing, given
how he treats his own children. Nevertheless, Izuku would have put this – threatening a
fifteen-year-old in a public space filled with witnesses and heroes – beyond even Endeavor’s
hubris.
“Is that all?” Izuku asks blandly.
Endeavor narrows his eyes. “I see no reason to waste any more time with you.” He pushes
past Izuku, crossing too close through Izuku’s space. Another intimidation tactic that Izuku
doesn’t bother with humoring, standing his ground even when the bubble of heat Endeavor
wears like a second skin brushes uncomfortably against his skin, raising sweat beneath
Izuku’s uniform.

“I’m not my father,” Izuku calls to the hero’s retreating back. “And Todoroki isn’t you.”
Endeavor pauses but doesn’t turn. His costume sticks tightly to his skin, and Izuku can easily
see the twitch his statement elicits, rippling down the muscles of Endeavor’s back. Izuku
wonders if the reaction was bred from surprise or anger – or maybe even shame, if there’s a
speck of self-awareness in the man somewhere. Whatever he is feeling, Endeavor controls it
quickly, moving on with a derisive scoff.
What a blind man. Izuku has a lot of feelings about Endeavor. Fear, certainly – Endeavor is a
hero who cultivates fear to some degree in villains and civilians alike. But also anger,
resentment, and contempt. Ugly feelings that Izuku usually tries not to entertain. Of course,
Izuku isn’t feeling any of those things, now. He is separate from them, and here, from his
unbiased standpoint, he thinks he should probably add pity to the list. Todoroki Enji is such a
pitiful man.
But there might still be some hope for Todoroki Shouto.

On account of his atypical upbringing, Shouto has formed some unusual associations. The
world he lives in often looks different from the worlds of his classmates. Shouto is aware of
this, though the specifics of how his life has differed from others his age generally escapes
him until someone goes out of their way to point out and explain a disparity to him. However,
he is certain that most people don’t consider ice to be warm.
It is, though. Shouto thinks he should be entitled to some authority on the subject, and he can
say with confidence that ice is warm. When he was young, his mother would create little ice
sculptures for him – those made him feel warm. Occasionally he’ll make one for himself, and
they’re never the same, but they still evoke a similar feeling. Fuyumi can cause it as well, by
laying cool hands over Shouto’s heat-tender skin. And hypothermia – when everything is so
cold the body starts to shut down – that’s the most bone-deep warmth Shouto has ever felt.
Yes, ice is warm. And fire is cold.
Shouto thinks it must leech the heat out of things. That’s why people with fire quirks always
have such cold eyes. Endeavor, perpetually wreathed in flames, stares at Shouto, cold and
uncaring, as if he is frozen someplace too far away for affection to thaw him. What Shouto
can remember of Touya is cold and distant, and he disappeared practically overnight, like a
figure wading into a snowstorm, leaving behind a cold room, cold bed, cold memories.
And Shouto – people call Shouto cold all the time. They think because he doesn’t talk, that
means he can’t hear, but often times they don’t even bother to lower their voices. They say he
has cold eyes. He tries not to look in mirrors too often. He looks like his father, and he looks
like his mother, and both of those resemblances are hard for him to actually look at, most
days. But some days – some days he needs to see it. Those days, he leans over the bathroom
sink, inspecting one side of his face and then the other. When he presses himself close to the

mirror, looks himself in the eyes, Shouto likes to think that only one of them is cold, and it’s
not on the side everyone would assume.
Midoriya Izuku has cold eyes. Shouto doesn’t know how he didn’t notice earlier. Maybe at
the USJ the coldness was covered by tears; maybe the heat of combat thawed them out during
the cavalry battle. But now, standing on the other side of the field, Midoriya’s eyes are
unmistakably cold. Shouto can see the villain in this boy, far more than he could even when
the class was actively under attack.
Shouto is going to win the sports festival. He decided as much ages ago, after a long period
of weighing his options to determine what outcome would infuriate his father the most.
Approximately an hour ago, Shouto decided that he is going to win this match, especially. He
will win and prove to everyone watching that fire is inferior to ice, that Shouto doesn’t need
his father’s power, that his father’s power is nothing in comparison to Shouto’s own.
The instant the match begins, while the last ebbs of Present Mic’s voice are still resonating
around the stadium, Shouto attacks. Ice spreads from his right foot, propagating along itself,
farther and farther, larger and larger, faster and faster. It creeps up his leg as well,
overflowing, locking his knee in place as the joint freezes over. Midoriya watches the ice
approach with cold, cold eyes, unafraid and unmoving.
In a moment, he is blocked from Shouto’s sight by a still-growing spire of ice, and for that
moment Shouto thinks he has won, as instantaneously as he had against Sero. There is only a
fraction of a second, immeasurably minuscule, where Shouto believes the match is over, and
he feels something hollow and numb that he can’t put a name to. It is a horrible feeling, made
all the worse by not knowing what it is or where it comes from, but Shouto hardly even
suffers it before his misapprehension that he has won catches light and burns to a crisp.
There is a glow behind the ice, orange-yellow dancing through foggy blue. Then the air in the
arena whips into a frenzy, hot and cold in dizzying turns as Shouto braces himself and brings
up his arms to cover his face. Water drips, and steam hisses, and Midoriya stands, cold and
blazing. Fire streams from his mouth, curls around his shoulders and arms, and Shouto can
already feel the ghost of it against his skin, blistering and unkind.
Shouto shatters the ice along his leg with a sharp twist of his hips, regaining his full mobility
just in time to roll to the side as Midoriya sends out a whip-fast tendril of flame. It scuffs
against the ground where Shouto had been standing, blackening the dirt. Half the flame is
smothered by the impact, but it is quickly replenished, flowing after Shouto like a serpent. It
licks along his ankle; he kills it beneath a sheet of ice.
Ice can beat fire, Shouto knows. It’s only a matter of quantity. Fire melts ice, but it can only
melt so much so quickly. Shouto’s first attack was sizable, but he can go bigger – will have to
go bigger. He will end this quickly, overpower Midoriya in one fell swoop.
The next glacier he summons is larger than the first, nearly the size of what he managed in
his match against Sero, when he wasted so much of his energy on an outburst that was illadvised, in hindsight. The exertion leaves Shouto’s leg once again frozen to the ground, frost
crystalized along his arm and the edge of his mouth. His breath stabs like daggers in his
lungs. The muscles of his right side feel brittle and stiff.

Again, Shouto thinks he has won. Again, he is wrong.
This time, the change in air pressure caused by the meeting of fire and ice is nearly enough to
send Shouto out of the ring, if not for the hasty barrier he raises to brace against his back. His
heels skid along the ground, pressed backwards with enough force that his body aches
slightly in protest. The ice along his limbs cracks and flies away. And when the roar of the
wind dies away and Shouto can look up without getting dust and ice and water in his eyes,
Midoriya is somehow still in the ring.
He is crouched on the ground, hands flat to the earth as if he could grip the smooth surface of
the field to anchor himself. His flames have all died away in the onslaught. Shouto forces
himself to run. He feels sluggish and clumsy but closes the distance between them as quickly
as he can. Midoriya is distracted, clearly recovering from Shouto’s last attack, and Shouto
would need to be a fool to let him have any room to breathe instead of pressing the
advantage.
“You can’t win this way,” Midoriya says as Shouto draws near. He sounds slightly winded,
but not desperate, not even taunting – he sounds matter-of-fact, simple confidence devoid of
arrogance, as if he isn’t bent over, nearly prone and completely defenseless, with not a wisp
of fire to come to his aid.
Shouto’s lip curls up in a sneer, and he swerves past Midoriya, boosting himself up with a
pillar of ice so he can attack from above and behind. The ground crackles as Shouto punches
it, a halo of jagged spikes rising around his fist where Midoriya was meant to be. Shouto
pulls back, spins, tries to locate where Midoriya has dodged to – and then his feet are
knocked out from underneath him. He tumbles to the dirt, uniform tearing and arm scraping
against a shard of ice as he falls. Midoriya is on him in a second, a heavy weight on Shouto’s
chest that leaves him gasping for air.
“You’re freezing,” Midoriya says. “There’s a limit to how much cold your body can take. But
you already know that, don’t you? Why don’t you fix it? All it would take is a little fire.”
As if to demonstrate, Midoriya spits, a dense wad of flame landing with a sizzle next to
Shouto’s right ear, unfolding and dying against the dirt in only a second. There are blisters at
the corners of Midoriya’s mouth, Shouto realizes. Blisters along his mouth, and his hands,
and his sleeves have been charred to black scraps of fabric that reveal the red, irritated skin of
his arms. It makes Shouto feel ill.
“I will never use my left,” he snaps. He twists beneath Midoriya, shoving his right hand
against the other boy’s face and letting frost spread from his fingertips. With a grunt,
Midoriya leans back, and Shouto shoves him hard to the side, rolling out from underneath
him and struggling to a stand.
“Because of your father?” Midoriya asks, somehow recovered and back on his feet before
Shouto.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about.” Shouto attacks again, a wave of ice following
the gesture of his arm, but the movement is slow enough that Midoriya sidesteps without
needing any fire to aid his defense.

“I know better than most,” Midoriya says. “I know about bad fathers and bad quirks. I know
about Endeavor. I even understand. At least some of it.”
And Shouto forgets that he is stiff and tired. He forgets that his joints are protesting, forgets
that his breath fogs the air with every exhale, forgets that his arm is aching and bleeding. All
Shouto can think of is the audacity.
Midoriya thinks he understands? If he understood even a fraction of what Shouto has gone
through, he wouldn’t be standing here, so cavalier. There are things that can’t be spoken of
calmly – things like being bred for, being weaponized, objectified, things like being half a
monster, things like railing against fate. The only people who speak calmly of such things are
the people who don’t understand them.
Shouto forgoes his quirk altogether to punch Midoriya Izuku in the face, but his arm is caught
in a too-hot grip that spins him around and flings him to the side. Shouto barely stays on his
feet, snarling as he staggers.
“But there’s one thing I don’t understand,” Midoriya says. “Who are you trying to save?”
Shouto narrows his eyes and ignores the question. Conversation is a cheap tactic during
battle, and he has already let Midoriya unbalance him enough. “Heroes are meant to save
people. Your fire could help you do that.”
“Did my old man pay you off or something?” Shouto spits.
“I’m pretty sure Endeavor wants me dead. It’s not his fire that makes him a bad man, you
know that, right?”
“Shut up!”
Surprisingly, Midoriya does. In a blink, he is in front of Shouto, silent as a ghost, and he
sweeps Shouto’s legs out from under him again, grabbing him by the shirt collar before he
can fall, and dragging him towards the closest boundary line. Shouto grasps at Midoriya’s
arm, icing it as he tries to get his feet back under him. Midoriya is several inches shorter than
Shouto, but he’s deceptively strong, easily maintaining control, even while Shouto grapples
at him. Freezing both their feet to the ground, Shouto makes a last attempt to keep them both
in bounds, but is countered with a stream of fire that melts the ice and brushes uncomfortably
against Shouto’s shins.
Then, with a single swing of Midoriya’s arm, Shouto is out of bounds.

“We should go to Recovery Girl,” Izuku says as Midnight calls the match. “Can you stand?”
He reaches down to Todoroki, who smacks the offer away with a cold, trembling hand.
Pointedly not looking at Izuku, glaring at a random patch of ground, Todoroki heaves himself
up, wavering for several long seconds as he tries to get his legs under him. Izuku hovers close

by in case Todoroki falls, but doesn’t offer any more assistance, certain the other boy
wouldn’t appreciate it.
In retrospect, Izuku doesn’t think he has handled this entire situation particularly well.
Todoroki is obviously upset, which had never been Izuku’s goal. Perhaps it would have been
better to leave the whole Endeavor situation alone until he had the capacity to be properly –
sympathetic? tactful? – whatever quality it is that emotions impart on a conversation.
Somehow, Izuku has ended up insulting Todoroki, or offending him, when all Izuku wanted
was to help. And maybe satisfy some curiosity along the way.
Short term, Izuku doesn’t much care if Todoroki is upset. In the long term, though, it’s
impractical to allow any tension to fester between them when Izuku and Todoroki will likely
be classmates by this time next week. Not to mention that, a few hours from now, Izuku
knows he’ll be upset if Todoroki is. He wanted to help, and it’s entirely possible that he’s
actively made things worse, instead, which is exactly the kind of thing Izuku would eat
himself up over, normally.
“I’m sorry about what I said,” Izuku offers, a blind attempt at damage control as he follows
behind Todoroki, making a beeline out of the arena. Todoroki does not reply, walking quickly
and slightly favoring his left leg. Izuku sighs, letting himself fall slightly behind Todoroki’s
longer strides.
Izuku is tired. He has used over a dozen quirks throughout the course of the sports festival,
and while he has trained extensively with most of them, the emotional suppression quirk is a
constant drain on his energy. He’ll have to carefully manage his resources if he wants to have
enough stamina to make it to the finals.
Next round he’ll be facing either Shinsou or Monoma – he can’t say with any certainty who
is going to win that matchup, so he needs to be prepared for either outcome. Shinsou, with his
easy-to-avoid quirk and seemingly subpar physical abilities, would be ideal. Izuku could
likely defeat him fairly quickly without any quirk use at all. Monoma would be doable as
well but his quirk could cause issues, especially if he tries to copy Izuku’s own.
Another sigh, and Izuku reaches the infirmary, sliding quietly into the room and taking a seat
on the unoccupied cot. Todoroki, already settled, glares at him briefly before sliding his eyes
to the television, where commercials play while Cementoss repairs the arena for the
upcoming match. Next to Todoroki, Recovery girl stands on a stool, looking over his injuries
– a cut on his bicep, minor burns on the lower halves of his legs, some bruising – before
smacking her lips against his cheek. She hops down from her stool, pushing it over to Izuku’s
bed with a click of her tongue.
“What have you done to yourself?” she scolds, grabbing one of his wrists with a gentleness
that belies her tone.
“Nothing too bad.”
“I’ll be the judge of that. Get that shirt off, you’ll need a new one anyway.”

Obediently, Izuku shrugs his jacket off and tugs his shirt over his head. Both articles are
worse for wear, burned and singed in a multitude of places. Underneath, his skin is red and
splotchy, drawn into tight, irritated patches along his back and shoulders. The burns are the
worse on his arm, shiny and hot. Blisters bubble up along his fingers, which don’t bend quite
as well as they should. Unfortunately, while Izuku has a resistance to heat, he doesn’t have
any immunity to it, and control large amounts of fire in such close quarters always ends up
backfiring on him.
“Nothing too bad,” Recovery Girl scoffs, leaving Izuku’s bedside to bustle around her
medical stores. “Second degree burns do qualify as bad, young man.”
“They’re mostly first degree,” Izuku placates. Most of the burns along his torso are
superficial at worst – he can hardly even feel them. Unimpressed, Recovery Girl gives him a
dry look. Todoroki glances his way as well, gaze lingering over Izuku’s hands before fixing
back on the TV. Izuku smiles in his direction.
“I’ll treat the worst of these,” Recovery Girl says as she dumps an armful of supplies on the
bed, “but the rest will have to heal the old-fashioned way.”
Izuku shakes his head. “I just need them cleaned. I can’t spare the energy. No bandages,
either – I’ll just burn them off in my next match. It would be counterproductive.”
He meets Recovery Girl’s narrow-eyed stare with a level one of his own. He doubts he is the
first student to deny some degree of treatment during the sports festival, as much as he is sure
she hates it. She clicks her tongue loudly but pulls a disinfectant from her pile of supplies
without arguing.
“I keep telling Nedzu that you students are far to self-destructive over a silly little school
event,” Recovery Girl mutters to herself as she starts working on Izuku’s hands. “All you
children breaking yourselves apart for a medal and expecting me to put you together at the
end. Ridiculous!” Louder, she adds, “You’re staying here until your next match; I won’t hear
otherwise! If you’re going to be a reckless fool with your injuries, you’re going to stay where
I can keep an eye on you.”
“Alright,” Izuku agrees easily. “Can you let Mic and Eraser know I’m down here?”
While Recovery Girl scurries into her office to report on Izuku’s location, Izuku turns to
Todoroki, who is still intently watching the TV. On screen, Monoma and Shinsou have just
entered the arena, each greeted with uproarious applause that sounds like a formless rumble
over the speakers.
Perhaps unwisely, Izuku breaks the silence, “I’m not sorry, actually. About what I said. I had
a point.”
“You shouldn’t talk about what you don’t understand,” Todoroki says, not turning his
attention away from the television. Outside of battle, his voice is flat and unreadable. A
muscle in his jaw jumps.

“But I do understand. You think you have your father’s quirk. You think using it means being
like him, and you don’t want to be like him.”
“I don’t need it,” Todoroki tells the TV. “I’ll become the number one without his power.”
“It’s your power,” Izuku corrects patiently. A half smile twitches on his mouth. “It’s not as if
you stole it from him.”
“I will not be like him.”
“Then don’t be. Be good, instead. You recognize me, don’t you?” A pause, then Todoroki
nods once, jerky and brief. “Then you should realize that I know a thing or two about power
and all the bad things that can be done with it. But I’m trying to take something bad and do
good things with it. You’re doing nothing when you could be doing good. Todoroki–”
Izuku sits forward on the edge of his cot, leaning towards the other boy, staring hard at the
clench and spasm of his jaw until Todoroki finally gives in and looks up. His expression is
not so blank, now. It is intense and conflicted, and Izuku can’t say exactly what Todoroki is
thinking, but they are clearly things he has never thought before, thoughts he doesn’t know
what to do with.
“You are more than your father’s son,” Izuku says, for both their sakes. Todoroki’s throat
bobs as he swallows. Without a word, he turns back to the match on screen. Izuku stares for a
moment longer before making himself comfortable, tipping his head back against the wall
and letting his eyes fall shut. He’ll need all the rest he can get between matches.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
Canon-typical violence + minor injury
Izuku: Todoroki and I have a lot in common. Maybe we should be friends.
Izuku: …How does making friends work?
Izuku: I could… kill his father for him?
Aizawa: NO.
Shouto: You said my father wants you dead?
Izuku: Oh, yeah. He wants you to kill me, actually.
Shouto: …Excuse me?
Next Chapter: Explosion – Part I
Update: Apr 22

Chapter 25: Explosion - Part I
Chapter Notes

Just to be safe, general CW for sports festival violence, blood, and injuries - but
considering that canon has Midoriya serial-bone-breaker Izuku, it’s nothing extreme
Me, last week: Okay, here’s the plan–
My uterus: Oh? You have plans?? Would be a shame if,,, something happened
Oh well, Discord stuff
Cloud: X X X
Dev: X X
Eggs: X
Goat: X
Roman: X X X X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Hitoshi has spent enough hours staring at himself in the mirror to recognize an asshole when
he sees one, and he had Monoma Neito clocked from the moment the blonde smiled that
slow, lazy smile and smoothly arched an eyebrow in the short seconds before his face went
blank under the influence of Hitoshi’s quirk. The shit that comes out of Monoma’s mouth
now is only bonus confirmation for something Hitoshi already knew to be true.
“I’m here to put those 1-A stuck-ups in their place, so let’s get this over with quickly, shall
we?” the asshole drawls over Present Mic’s introductions. He smiles, all mock benevolence,
like Hitoshi should be grateful for getting to fight him at all. If he were more expressive,
Hitoshi would sneer, and the temptation to do so deliberately is high, but he keeps his face
bored and disinterested, gratified to see Monoma’s fake smile distort slightly with the
tightening at the corners of his mouth.
“Oh, you’re not in 1-A?” Hitoshi asks flatly as the match is called to a start. “Sorry, I couldn’t
tell. You hero students all look the same to me, being stuck-up and all.” As he speaks, Hitoshi
strafes to the side, attempting to maintain distance between them without putting himself too
close to the boundary lines.
“You know, I’ll admit that I’ve been looking forward to this fight, even though you’re only in
gen-ed.”
“There’s that famous hero arrogance.”
As if Hitoshi hadn’t spoken, Monoma continues, “I’ve been curious since the cavalry battle.
Made quite the fool of me, puppeting me around like that–”

“I doubt you need any help to make a fool of yourself.”
“–but I’m hardly going to withdraw because of that. No, I’d much rather return the favor.”
“And how are you planning to do that?” Hitoshi asks. He is already slightly out of breath
from trying to prevent Monoma from getting in close range, and he hasn’t even been
particularly successful in those attempts. Monoma keeps moving to intercept whatever path
Hitoshi sets, leaving Hitoshi feeling frustratingly like a herded sheep, bleating at a brick wall.
Hitoshi’s quirk is response based. Hell if he knows how it works, but there is something
about call and answer that gives him backdoor access into a person’s head, a connection that
starts verbally, with the faintest snippet of conversation, and extends mentally. But Monoma,
the self-important, aggrandized asshole apparently doesn’t deign Hitoshi worth speaking to.
No, he talks to himself, monologuing like his thoughts are a gift to the world, and leaving
Hitoshi scrambling without purchase against the smooth cage of Monoma’s skull, looking for
a way in.
With a flurry of movement, Monoma gets in close. Hitoshi flinches to the side, a senseless,
instinctual attempt to dodge whatever attack the other is planning. Regaining his feet after a
moment of clumsy stumbling, Hitoshi brings his arms up in what might be some kind of
guard – he’s pretty sure that’s a thing in martial arts, isn’t it? Monoma smirks. He is no longer
advancing, standing a few feet away. His stance seems casual at first glance, but while
Hitoshi takes advantage of the breathing room, he sees the firm way Monoma’s feet are
planted, the way his hands hover by his hips, ready to move at a moment’s notice.
“Man, think of all the things you could do with this one,” he says, rolling his head back but
keeping careful eyes on Hitoshi while he does. “What? Nothing to say?”
There is a gleam in Monoma’s eyes as Hitoshi’s lips part, and there is a disoriented moment
where Hitoshi very nearly blurts something out – maybe a “what the hell are you on about?”
or a “do you ever shut the fuck up?” – and then he snaps his teeth down, catching the tip of
his tongue between them. The shadowy thing Monoma did in the last round, but has shown
no sign of doing again; “returning the favor;” Present Mic had even said it, hadn’t he? Copy
cat.
It’s a goddamned copy quirk.
Okay, so it’s a copy quirk. To be on the safe side, assume Asshole has Hitoshi’s quirk, and he
knows how it works, and he plans to catch Hitoshi in the same net Hitoshi used against him
for the cavalry battle, as some sort of poetic justice or something. Or maybe Monoma’s just
an asshole who gets his rocks off by turning people’s abilities against them. Honestly, Hitoshi
can’t blame him, because he would probably do the same thing in Monoma’s situation,
except wait – Hitoshi can totally blame him, even if it’s hypocritical, because Hitoshi is an
asshole, too. So, really, fuck Monoma, and what the fuck is Hitoshi meant to do now?
“You should see your face,” Monoma says, apparently too dignified to snicker but just as
mocking. “Who’s the fool, now?”

Hitoshi is panicking. He’s panicking, and obviously that’s not great for his thought process,
but it feels a little bit like his senses have been dialed up to eleven, and he can see the exact
moment Monoma decides that Hitoshi is just one pathetic joke, the moment where he stops
taking Hitoshi even remotely seriously. Monoma’s shoulders go slack, his weight shifts over
one of his legs, his arms cross dismissively in front of him.
And Hitoshi, still panicking, throws himself forward and punches Monoma in the face.
Something crunches. Definitely Monoma’s nose; maybe Hitoshi’s hand.
“Fuck!” Monoma curses loudly, staggering back a few steps. Blood drips into his palm as he
brings a hand to his face, hissing. Hitoshi stares, dazed. His hand aches, fingers trembling as
he tries to extend them. There’s a cut on his pinky – probably from Monoma’s teeth, he
realizes. It’s shallow, more of a scrape really, but he can’t even feel the sting of it through the
burn of his knuckles, like his bones have been replaced by live coals.
“You should see your face,” Hitoshi says, words welling up without conscious thought.
Monoma does look ridiculous, though, if in a slightly gory kind of way – eyes wide, pale face
contrasting with the vibrant red smeared over the lower half of his features. Hitoshi probably
doesn’t look much better, eyes just as wide, face just as pale, shadows beneath his eyes like
smudged charcoal, cradling his fist against his chest like he can’t believe what just happened.
“You fucker,” Monoma spits. His condescending smile is gone, replaced by a scowl that peels
his lips away from blood-stained teeth. “You broke my goddamned nose!” With his sinuses
clogged with blood, the words come out muffled, and Hitoshi bites his cheek to keep himself
from laughing.
Monoma pulls his hand away from his face, little droplets of blood flying from his fingertips
to splatter against the dirt. He lunges forward, movement abrupt and coordinated enough that
it catches Hitoshi off guard. Monoma grabs him by the collar of his jacket, hauling Hitoshi in
close.
“Remember, you’re the one who chose to do this the painful way.”
Hitoshi scratches at Monoma’s wrist with his good hand as the asshole winds his other arm
back. Sunlight glints off the peaks of Monoma’s knuckles, suddenly white-silver and
blinding. Hitoshi cringes away, eyes clenching shut and head turning to the side as his
shoulders hunch up to guard his ears. The punch hits him like a battering ram, a direct blow
to the ridge of his cheekbone, setting off a burst of color behind his closed eyelids, a ringing
in his ears. Hitoshi is not conscious of falling, but he knows when he lands on his injured
hand, his weight pressing it into the ground, igniting the hot-coal pain, fire licking up his
wrist.
“Shinsou,” Midnight calls from the sidelines after a dizzy moment of recalibration, “can you
continue?” His vision clears like ink bleeding color back into the world. He struggles back up
onto his hands and knees, carefully keeping his weight off his bad hand.
Monoma huffs a stuffy sigh above him. “You did well to make it this far,” the asshole says,
voice once again controlled and patronizing. “But you’re just not cut out to go farther. Any
final words?”

Vitriolic words on the tip of his tongue, Hitoshi opens his mouth. Monoma’s eyes glint. Copy
quirk, right. He still has Brainwashing. So be it. Hitoshi rocks forward, placing the brunt of
his weight on his injured hand, where the bones shift and grate and grind together beneath his
skin like a collection of molten knives.
“I’m not done yet,” he says, voice strained.
“Oh yes, you are,” Monoma responds with a predatory smirk.
And for half a second, Hitoshi can feel it, like a thick fog that tries to close around him from
the inside out. But it is lit red-hot by the constant shifting pressure he has on his broken hand,
and he clings to that feeling until the sharpness of it slices clean through the tether Monoma
attempted to create between them.
At the same time, Hitoshi reaches out from within himself, seizing a grip on the light that
flared to life in the back of his mind with Monoma’s last words, turning the tables in an
instant. He grabs control and tells the connection very firmly that it will not break.
“Repeat after me, loudly” Hitoshi instructs, gritting his teeth as his head throbs. “I give up.”
“I give up.”
Hitoshi drops the connection immediately, reveling in the aghast look that spreads over
Monoma’s face as Midnight snaps her flog. This time, Hitoshi does not bother to stifle his
laugh, but it is quiet under the cheer of the crowd.
“Guess you’re just not cut out to go farther,” he says with false sympathy. The blood over
Monoma’s face mostly conceals the extent of his embarrassed anger, but the red flush of the
tips of his ears is unmistakable. Without a word, he spins, storming off the field with his neck
stiff and head held defiantly high.
Hitoshi sits in the dirt, unsure for the moment if his legs will support him and unwilling to
take the gamble. Above Midnight’s stage, the bracket comes back on screen, and Hitoshi’s
line glows a brilliant gold as he advances to the next round. Hitoshi has made it to the semifinals.
And so has Midoriya Izuku.

By the time the day is over, everyone will know exactly what happens during the sports
festival.
People don’t even need to have watched the festival to know what happens during it.
Certainly, many of them see it for themselves. Those lucky enough to have tickets see it as
part of the massive cheering stadium crowd. Others watch live over a screen from the
comfort of their couch or bed. Still more drag themselves home after a long day’s work and

pull up recordings as they unwind. The remainder may choose not to watch the festival at all,
but for weeks the news of what happened will be everywhere.
Here what they will all say, here is what everyone will know:
They will know that Shinsou Hitoshi beats Monoma Neito, swinging the match in his favor at
the last second. They will know that Shoji Mezo beats Asui Tsuyu, grabbing her by the
tongue and flinging her out of bounds. They will know Bakugou Katsuki beats Iida Tenya,
using Iida’s speed against him to chase him over the line.
And if, for some reason, someone doesn’t know these things, the confusion is easily
remedied. A quick internet search will immediately answer any questions, settle any debates.
There is nothing to doubt. It’s objective reality.
Except – everyone experiences reality just a little bit differently, don’t they?
Yes, everyone will know exactly what happens during the sports festival. But they won’t all
know it the same exact way. Afterall, there are a million sides to every story – written and
unwritten, read and unread, treasured and burned. If there is such a thing as an objective
reality, no one lives in it.
Everyone will know that Shinsou Hitoshi beats Monoma Neito.
But only Aizawa Shouta and Yamada Hizashi know that Shouta leans forward in his seat
when Shinsou enters the field, and Shouta doesn’t even know that his husband knows,
because Hizashi is kind enough not to tease about the display of interest, just this once. Only
Todoroki Shouto and Midoriya Izuku know about the conversation they have while the match
plays on a screen in the corner of the room, and both boys know different things about this
conversation – Izuku speaking truths he has bled to learn and Shouto hearing hopeful
absurdities, the sort he hasn’t entertained in a decade. Only Shinsou Toshiyuki knows that he
is watching clips of the festival between appointments, and only he knows the duality of his
own feelings, the hope for success – Hitoshi would be so much happier – the hope for failure
– it would be so much easier – and the doubtful shame that wells inside him for being
conflicted on the matter at all.
Everyone will know that Shoji Mezo beats Asui Tsuyu.
But only Asui Tsuyu knows that she doesn’t mind losing, that she is happy with how far she
has come, and that any disappointment she might have felt is tempered by the certainty that,
back home, see has made her younger siblings proud. Only the Asui household knows the
way the children, Samidare and Satsuki, kept home from school for the special event, shake
each other by the arms in their excitement, shouting as their mother scolds them to keep their
voices down, but only half-heartedly. Only Shoji Shika knows that tears well in her eyes as
she lets the cheers for her son’s victory wash over her, overwhelmed with relief-gratitude-joy,
because people can be so cruel, but her baby – her kind, gentle baby – is carving a place for
himself in the world and helping to make it a better place as he does.
Everyone will know that Bakugou Katsuki beats Iida Tenya.

But only Bakugou Katsuki knows that the victory makes his arms itch because it feels
meaningless to him, because he is very suddenly not sure what he is fighting for, because
things are different, knowing what he knows now – knowing that maybe, all this time, he
hasn’t known half as much as he thought. Only Bakugou Masaru and Bakugou Mitsuki know
that their son is going to come home a different person, for better or worse, finally at a
tipping point that they both know they probably should have pushed him to sooner. Only Iida
Tenya knows that the entire fight was a charade, a joke, a waste of time, because while he
was playing hero, trying his hardest to live up to his brother, Tensei was getting struck down,
and now he might not live at all.
Everyone will know exactly what happens during the sports festival. Shinsou Hitoshi beats
Monoma Neito. Shoji Mezo beats Asui Tsuyu. Bakugou Katsuki beats Iida Tenya.
And that’s all anyone will ever say.

When Hitoshi went to the infirmary to have Recovery Girl patch him up, he resolutely
ignored Midoriya. Midoriya, sitting placidly on one of the cots, occasionally chatting idly
with Recovery Girl, seemed content to do the same. Now, Hitoshi can’t avoid looking at
Midoriya. Across the field, Midoriya looks back, intense enough that Hitoshi stares at the
bridge of his nose rather than meeting his eyes.
Physically, neither of them are in great shape. All of Hitoshi’s bones are back where they’re
meant to be, but his hand still throbs slightly when he bends his fingers, and Recovery Girl
has given him firm orders to be gentle with it or risk undoing all her work. His face is in
worse shape, healed to a mottled purple and blue bruise that spreads from below his left eye
all the way down to his jaw, protesting at every touch, but the concussion he received from
Monoma’s steel-plated fist has been dealt with. Midoriya’s arms are marbled with burns,
shiny and wet under the sun, skin bubbling up along his fingers and the corners of his mouth,
looking raw and exposed. He’s worse off than Hitoshi is, Hitoshi would guess, except for the
fact that Midoriya seems completely unaffected by his lingering injuries, while Hitoshi feels
all kinds of uncomfortable with his own.
As if he needed another disadvantage in this fight.
Just for fun, let’s count the number of ways Midoriya has a leg up on Hitoshi:
1. If he’s been paying any attention at all to the matches so far, he has an idea of what
Hitoshi’s quirk is and how it works. Probably a good one, at that.
2. He seems stupidly stoic. He never did the other times Hitoshi ran into him, but now?
Smooth as glass, Hitoshi can’t get a read on him, which will make it that much harder
to get a response out of him.
3. He killed his father.
1. Which is horrifying and has had Hitoshi psyched out ever since his dumb ass
overheard it to begin with.

2. He has the skill and experience to kill someone. Skills and experience that Hitoshi
can’t even imagine because what the fuck?
3. Possibly evil??? He cried a lot about it for someone evil, but also, well – murder.
So, there’s that.
Of course, there’s the chance that the third issue could actually be used to Hitoshi’s
advantage. In fact, it’s probably the best chance he has. He needs bait good enough that even
someone like Midoriya – stoic, already knowing the mechanics of Hitoshi’s quirk – will take
it. And given the way Midoriya sobbed uncontrollably while he told Bakugou – what he told
him, it seems like the topic evokes a certain undeniable response.
Hitoshi imagines it. Hey, he could say. What was it like to kill your father? He wonders if
hysterical sobbing would fulfill Brainwashing’s activation requirements.
He feels a little sick, just thinking about it.
A lot of people would be surprised to learn that Hitoshi isn’t really prone to moral dilemmas.
With a quirk like his everyone always expects him to be up to no good – and if he’s not up to
no good, then certainly he must be considering it, at least. Come on, they all say, you can tell
me. What’s the worst thing you’ve ever used it for? Have you ever thought about doing this?
And Hitoshi will smile and laugh awkwardly and then disengage as quickly as possible,
because the answer is almost always no – he never thought about it until they asked. He never
wanted to think about it. And why would he? He knew the difference between right and
wrong, and wrong didn’t become right just because he could get away with it.
See, Hitoshi likes to think he’s a good person. No, not a nice one, he’d never claim that. He
doesn’t like people much, and the feeling is mutual. He’s spiteful, contrary, and petty. An
asshole among assholes. But you don’t need to be nice to be good. Hitoshi wants to help
people not hurt anymore, he wants to stop hurting along the way, and as for all the people
who’ve caused him that hurt? Being allowed to live the life he wants would be more than
enough retribution for him. If he gets to rub it in their faces a little, that would be a bonus, but
he’ll settle for being left alone. He thinks that makes him a good person. Or at least, not a bad
one.
Hitoshi runs his tongue over the back of his teeth as he stares at Midoriya. What was it like to
kill your father? Even silent, the words taste like bile.
Once, Hitoshi’s father had sighed and told him, “Spite and a contrary disposition won’t get
you far in life.”
And Hitoshi had sneered and replied, “Just wait and see.”
Seems like he’s finally found the limit. Even Hitoshi isn’t spiteful or contrary enough to
weaponize tragedy, trauma. Hitoshi has dreamed of being a hero his entire life. But he refuses
to become a bad person in order to do it.
Hitoshi takes a deep, shaky breath. Later, he will probably hang out in the alley next to his
apartment with all the stray cats and cry about this. Now, he will at least go down fighting.

Midoriya moves as soon as the match begins. He’s fast, so Hitoshi has to talk faster.
“Where did you even come from?” he asks, voice raising on a yelp as Midoriya enters his
personal space almost immediately. “Woah, jesus christ, you’re fast.”
Midoriya closes his fist around the collar of Hitoshi’s jacket, the same way Monoma did, the
same way Midoriya did to Todoroki. Collars are safety hazards – Hitoshi will remember that
if he ever gets to design a hero costume, though that’s looking less likely by the second. A
harsh yank sends him stumbling, and Midoriya tows him around as if Hitoshi isn’t a half foot
taller than him.
“Watch it! If you’re going to manhandle me like this, you could at least introduce yourself.
No? Not even a hello? Were you raised in a barn or something?”
Midoriya doesn’t respond, doesn’t acknowledge Hitoshi’s words in any way, not even a
twitch of his mouth or eyes. Resolutely, he drags Hitoshi towards the boundary line, and all
Hitoshi’s attempts to dig his heels in only serve to wear out the soles of his shoes.
Savagely, he digs his nails into the blisters on Midoriya’s wrists and twists, ignoring the
nauseating fluid that wells beneath his fingertips, warm and slippery, as the blisters pop.
Midoriya hisses, grip loosening enough that Hitoshi manages to grab the jacket’s zipper,
tearing it down in one sharp movement, spinning as he jerks his arms out of his sleeves,
graceless but fast and effective. Instinct tells him to backpedal, to get the hell away, but
Midoriya will close any distance Hitoshi manages to put between them in an instant.
Last time he panicked, Hitoshi punched Monoma in the face, and that actually worked out
quite well for him. At the very least, it was satisfying. Channeling the same frantic nonstrategy, Hitoshi grabs the bottom of his jacket, still in Midoriya’s hand, and pulls it over
Midoriya’s head.
And then – he holds on. Honestly, he didn’t think much on next steps, and he’s not quite sure
what to do next, but Midoriya grunts, his head and one arm tangled in the jacket, and this
time Hitoshi didn’t even break his hand in the process, which counts as some kind of success
in his books.
“You’re looking a little tied up,” Hitoshi pants, throwing all his weight into keeping Midoriya
restrained. “I’d get it if you wanted to call it quits. No hard feelings, promise.”
Hitoshi’s jacket bursts into flames.
Midoriya stumbles forward as Hitoshi stumbles back, falling to the ground as the zipper
flashes like a scorching whip across his arm. Ash and embers and tattered fabric drift around
them. Small sparks of flame eat at the tips of Midoriya’s hair, but as Hitoshi watches, they
float away like fireflies, joining the swirl of fire that surrounds Midoriya.
“It was nice while it lasted,” Hitoshi says faintly. “Damn it. Fuck.”
Midoriya looks at him, the most acknowledgement he has given so far to anything Hitoshi
has said. Hitoshi laughs, and Midoriya gives him the moment, not attacking. Burns have

spread across his face, a new blister rising on his cheek, freckles standing out oddly against
the redness of his skin. His eyebrows are singed and asymmetrical, the tail of one burnt off.
“I’m jealous,” Hitoshi admits, apropos of nothing. Maybe it’s a last-ditch effort, maybe it’s
just something that needs to be said. Who knows. “Everyone has always told me that I have a
villain’s quirk. They say it with so much certainty that it’s like they want me to become one.
Like it doesn’t matter that all I want is to be a hero. And you – you literally have a hero’s
quirk. Endeavor is the number two! All he does is make fire; you can actually control it. It’s
just – that’s so fucking ironic.”
Hitoshi, with his villain’s quirk, striving to be a hero. Midoriya, with his hero’s quirk,
possibly a villain.
“It would almost be funny, if we weren’t the butt of the joke.”
Hitoshi blinks. It is the same higher-pitched-than-expected voice that surprised him when he
first ran into Midoriya in the hallway last week, an even more surprising sound now, when
Midoriya is fierce and flaming and so stubbornly silent. But that was definitely Midoriya’s
voice, and the connection blossoms at the back of Hitoshi’s head waiting for him to grab hold
and complete it. He does, of course he does, and Midoriya’s eyes, already so disconcertingly
blank, fog over. Hitoshi holds on tight to his command, feels as the tether strains slightly on
Midoriya’s end, but it doesn’t give.
Hitoshi doesn’t know what changed. Maybe with Hitoshi prone on the ground, Midoriya
thought he was defenseless. Maybe Midoriya’s stunt with a face full of fire has somehow
messed up his head. Maybe Hitoshi’s glancing implication to Midoriya’s villain background
had unbalanced him enough to trick him into responding. Hitoshi doesn’t know, and he can’t
bring himself to care.
“Walk out of bounds,” he says.
Midoriya does.
Hitoshi laughs to himself. A finalist. He’s moving on to the final round. Somehow, he
managed to come out of his fight with Midoriya less injured than he did his match with
Monoma, and now he’s a finalist.
Here’s to spite and a contrary disposition, he thinks, a giddy toast in his head. They haven’t
failed him yet.

Everyone will know exactly what happens during the sports festival. Ask anyone and they’ll
agree. Shinsou Hitoshi beats Monoma Neito. Shoji Mezo beats Asui Tsuyu. Bakugou Katsuki
beats Iida Tenya.

Shinsou Hitoshi beats Midoriya Izuku.
That’s all anyone will ever say.
Except there are a million sides to every story. Doesn’t it seem a shame to leave so many
untold?
Everyone will know that Shinsou Hitoshi beats Midoriya Izuku.
But only Shinsou Hitoshi knows that he didn’t even have to use his trump card, that he won
without resorting to the nuclear option, that he moved that one step closer to fulfilling his
dreams without compromising his own idea of what it means to be a good person. Only
Aizawa Shouta knows that he was rooting for Shinsou in the back of his head, because he has
a soft spot for underdogs – secret or not so secret depending on who you ask – and as much
as Izuku needs help and support to build confidence, his capability has never been under
question. Only Bakugou Katsuki knows that the festival might as well have ended right there
with that match, because none of it matters anymore, not with Deku out of the running,
because he was the only challenge on the bracket, the only one who has ever made Katsuki
feel weak and without fighting Deku at the end, without beating him, there’s no way Katsuki
can show everyone how strong he really is. Only Shigaraki Tomura knows that it’s all a
sham, because the boy standing on screen used to stand by his side and Izuku could destroy
each and every one of them – could and would, leave others to clean up the throats he slits –
and Tomura knows that there’s no such thing as heroes and villains, not really, all just people
who hurt other people, violence bred from violence until death is the only language everyone
can understand.
And only Midoriya Izuku knows that there was never a way for him to win, not really,
because there's no black and white in his world, and when everything is shades of grey,
sometimes even a victory can look like a loss.

Shinsou Hitoshi is surprising.
That’s what Izuku thinks as he claws at the fabric covering his face with his free hand – his
other, still fisted in the collar of the jacket that is now restraining him, is caught next to his
ear, and his shoulder strains uncomfortably if he tries to free it. This is a resourcefulness that
Izuku wasn’t expecting, though it’s nice to see, since it adds some depth to Shinsou’s skillset,
that seems otherwise one-dimensional. So far, he’d been relying solely on his quirk, and this
display of adaptability implies he has more potential than Izuku had begun to suspect.
Izuku still hesitates to call Shinsou clever or particularly strategic. He pulls the jacket tight to
Izuku’s face, yanking back against it as Izuku struggles to free himself, but he lacks followup. Restraining Izuku like this is ultimately useless on its own, only the first of what should
be several essential steps if Shinsou actually plans to win.

“You’re looking a little tied up,” Shinsou says, voice close to Izuku’s ear but muffled by
fabric and his own breathlessness. “I’d get it if you wanted to call it quits. No hard feelings,
promise.”
He’s trying, Izuku will give him that much, but he’s using the same old tricks that have
already proven ineffective. It’s a weak attempt to garner a response – trivial words, like unbaited hooks. Izuku feels no compulsion to banter with someone in the middle of a fight,
especially when he knows the consequences of doing so. Did Shinsou manage to catch
Aoyama and Monoma with so little effort?
Another sharp pull on the jacket cranes Izuku’s neck into an uncomfortable angle, and he lets
himself go slightly limp to relieve the stress. This is getting them nowhere. He sighs, clicks it
in the back of his throat, lets his breath come out hot and suffocating. There is a moment,
before fabric gives way as fibers disintegrate into ash, where Izuku feels like he is boiling,
and then he stumbles forward, unbound. The air, heated into wavering lines by the flames
dancing around him, feels blessedly cool against his flame-tender face. Behind him, Shinsou
makes a bitten off sound of pain, falling to the ground with a thud that reverberates up
Izuku’s ankles. Izuku pulls his new fire into unruly organization, gathering the sparks flitting
through the air into a continuous stream that circles around him.
“It was nice while it lasted,” Shinsou says, seemingly to himself. His voice, soft and faint,
grows frustrated as he adds, “Damn it. Fuck.”
Izuku turns back to face him. Shinsou sits on the ground, long legs sprawled in front of him,
propped up on one hand. The other, the one Recovery Girl tutted over when he visited the
infirmary after his match with Monoma, hovers limply in front of his abdomen. A lividly red
welt stands out against his skin, starting near his wrist and curving back around his arm,
nearly to his elbow. He laughs, strange and strained.
“I’m jealous,” Shinsou says, a sharp-edged confession. “Everyone has always told me that I
have a villain’s quirk. They say it with so much certainty that it’s like they want me to
become one. Like it doesn’t matter that all I want is to be a hero.”
Shinsou looks tired. Angry, too, but the anger is like a faded, threadbare thing – an old
blanket that is too worn away to keep him warm anymore. The tiredness, that’s more like
stone – heavy and lasting, changed only in the tiny, unnoticeable increments of erosion. His
eyes spark and dim, challenge and resignation in turns.
And Izuku remembers Aizawa Shouta.
It feels like a lifetime since Izuku has thought of Aizawa Shouta, even though it’s only been a
couple of weeks since he first learned the name. So much has changed since then, and now
Izuku thinks more of Eraserhead than the boy who became the hero. But it was Aizawa
Shouta who brought Izuku here, Aizawa Shouta who made himself a hero when the world
didn’t want him to be one, who fought and defied and preserved.
Shinsou Hitoshi is a bit like Aizawa Shouta. He’s not as skilled – at least, not yet – and he
relies far too much on his quirk, where Aizawa Shouta always knew that his greatest strength
was skill. But even beaten down, Shinsou is fighting back. Writing his own story.

Shinsou is more like Aizawa Shouta than Izuku could ever hope to be.
“And you,” Shinsou continues, swallowing bitterly around the words, “you literally have a
hero’s quirk. Endeavor is the number two! All he does is make fire; you can actually control
it. It’s just,” he laughs without humor, “that’s so fucking ironic.”
A hero’s quirk. If only Shinsou knew, Izuku thinks wryly.
There is nothing heroic about him, especially not the Frankenstein amalgamation of stolen
quirks that he is using to put on a show. Izuku has fooled them all so well – the audience
members who are cheering for him from the stands, Aoyama and Tokoyami who want to eat
lunch with him, Eraser and Mic who let him sleep down the hall, Shinsou who doesn’t know
the half of it.
Irony – a state of affairs opposite to what one would expect. Why should Izuku get a second
chance when Shinsou Hitoshi hasn’t even gotten his first? Izuku is trying to be good, isn’t
he? If he wins here, he’ll be adding Shinsou’s future onto the long list of things he has stolen.
Nothing good about that.
“It would almost be funny,” Izuku says, because irony is meant to be amusing, even if it’s not
this time, “if we weren’t the butt of the joke.”
The surprise in Shinsou’s eyes is blatant, but he doesn’t hesitate. He has Izuku under his
control in less than a second.
Brainwashing is a fuzzy grey space. It is a fog so dense that it cradles Izuku, supporting his
limbs, filling his eyes and nose and ears. It is even better than the emotional suppression
quirk. Nothing to do, no responsibilities. Just a hazy-warm embrace, like falling asleep in the
backseat of a car on a long drive, knowing your destination will come to you. Izuku can see
why people hate it so much, after the fact. Some must find it terrible, to have your agency
taken away from you between one moment and the next, and then to find the violation of
your will comforting. Izuku doesn’t mind it.
He presses back against the fog around him, and as soft as it was, it resists the pressure,
solidifying around him. Curiosity satisfied, Izuku relaxes, allows himself to drift in this
welcoming non-space.
“Walk out of bounds,” Shinsou says, and Izuku is vaguely aware that he does.
He comes to on the other side of the boundary line, with the crowd cheering around him. Not
cheering for him this time. Shinsou sits on the ground still, eyes shining, shoulders shaking
with a laugh that Izuku can’t hear. It’s a nice moment – Izuku will remember it fondly, as
soon as proper fondness is something he is capable of. For now, he nods to Midnight and
makes his way to exit the stadium, leaving Shinsou to revel in his victory, the surreal joy of
seeing dreams come true.
Shinsou deserves it.

Chapter End Notes

Normally I don’t like to write the same events from multiple perspectives, but the Izuku
vs Hitoshi battle is peak unreliable narrator, so I wanted to have fun with it. Hopefully
their view of events is different enough that it’s not redundant. I’m just here to have a
good time.
Also, I’m trying to wrap the sports festival up within the next couple of parts, so RIP
Shoji vs Tsu and Iida vs Bakugou, but they’re not actually important.
Hitoshi: Hello, it is I, your local asshole
Monoma: Let’s finish this fight quickly, I don’t want to waste my time with someone in
gen-ed
Hitoshi: Never mind, you are clearly more worthy of the title
Discord: Someone should punch Monoma for upsetting Dark Shadow
Hitoshi: I’ve got you, fam
Hitoshi: Hell yes! I beat Midoriya!! Fucking eat it, I’m gonna be a hero!!
Literally everyone who knows Izuku: What? How did you - that doesn't make any sense
Izuku: Shhhh, let him have this
Next chapter: Explosion – Part II
Update: May 6

Chapter 26: Explosion - Part II
Chapter Notes

This chapter is on the slightly longer side of average because we’re wrapping up the
sports festival, right here right now. That’s right – we’re finally done. It’s only been,,,
over 50k words wtf
On a related note, the sports festival is the second of about five major story arcs in IGG,
and while those arcs will vary in length (hopefully the sports festival is the longest of
them? but ahaha I am first and foremost a Wordy Bitch), that gives you some idea of
where we are and how much we have to go. No one is more astounded, horrified, and
intimidated by this knowledge than I am.
Memes from Cloud, an actual goddess, who owns my very heart and soul
XXXX

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Shouta has watched enough sports festivals to know how they go. He’s gotten predicting
them down nearly to a science, especially when his own students are involved. This year’s
festival has certainly been more eventful than most, what with Izuku and Shinsou Hitoshi
both stirring the pot and disrupting the usual status quo, but with both those wildcards on the
sidelines, the match between Bakugou and Shoji isn’t likely to contain yet another twist.
Shouta is sure enough of this that he doesn’t actually bother to watch the fight – he’ll review
the recordings later, in case they reveal anything for him to address with either of the boys in
training, but he’s relatively certain that he won’t be missing anything by not watching the
matchup live.
Instead, he exchanges a look with Hizashi and heads for the infirmary, where he’s sure to find
his resident problem child.
Approaching the doors, Shouta hears Izuku ask, “Could your quirk regrow my eyebrows?”
Apart from sounding vaguely sleepy, the kid’s voice holds only a reserved curiosity,
apparently completely oblivious the frustrated exasperation he has once again awoken in
Shouta. Oblivious or uncaring – in Izuku’s current state, it’s hard to say which. Shouta allows
himself a moment to lean against the wall next to the door, listening to the exchange within.
“I wouldn’t even if I could,” Shuzenji replies, flat and unamused.
“I wonder what the prerequisite is. You speed up the body’s natural healing processes, but
why not any others? Why my skin and not my eyebrows?” Izuku mutters something to
himself, and Shuzenji clicks her tongue over his indistinct words.

“Well, that’s the way it is. I’ll fix your injuries, but when you burn off your eyebrows, you
have to live with the consequences. Unless you have a quirk of your own that will do the
trick?”
Izuku hums. “I have a quirk that lets me grow flowers from my hair follicles,” he offers
thoughtfully. “But I don’t really want daisies for eyebrows. Some kind of grass could
probably work, but the quirk only grows flowers. I’m not sure why, since a blade of grass is
made up of the same components and arguably far simpler, but–”
“You’ll just have to wait it out, then,” Shuzenji interrupts. “Maybe after three months of
looking like a fool, you’ll think twice before setting yourself on fire.”
“Does it really look that bad?” Izuku asks.
“Yes,” Shouta answers as he shoulders the door to the room open.
Truthfully, Shouta notes as he looks Izuku over, it doesn’t look that bad at all, even on a
superficial level. Shuzenji has already healed the burns on Izuku’s face, leaving only the
damage to his eyebrows. The tail of his left eyebrow has been burnt off entirely, but the
remaining hair just looks marginally more scraggly than before. Shouta expected far worse,
but it wouldn’t do for him to say as much, when Izuku would think that meant he could set
his head on fire without any kind of lasting consequence.
Granted, the rest of Izuku isn’t in as fine shape as his face. Shuzenji likely prioritized healing
the injuries there. She is wrapping his arms past the elbow, the mottled red-pink of his skin
looking all the more startling as it disappears beneath pristine white bandages.
“Eraser,” Izuku greets, unsurprised by Shouta’s sudden appearance. “You don’t need to check
up on me; I’m fine.”
“‘Fine,’” Shuzenji scoffs. “Thanks to all my hard work, maybe.” She turns to Shouta, hands
on her hips. “I’ve healed the second-degree burns, but left most of the first-degree alone, for
now. I’ll take care of the rest on Monday, or you can leave them to heal naturally. At the
moment, all he really needs is rest.” Under her breath, though still audible, no doubt
intentionally, she adds, “And a sense of self-preservation.”
“I’m perfectly preserved,” Izuku counters, argument weakened by the yawn that splits it. He
rubs his eyes, fingers skipping up briefly to trace along the missing tail of his eyebrow.
Shuzenji shakes her head, giving Shouta a pointed look before heading into her office.
“I really am fine,” Izuku assures, folding one of his legs out of the way as Shouta takes a seat
on the edge of his cot.
“Good,” Shouta says. And it is a relief, but Shouta already knew the kid was at least mostly
okay, and it wasn’t Izuku’s safety that drove Shouta to hunt him down. Straight to the point,
he asks, “Are you going to try to pretend that you didn’t throw that match?”
Izuku blinks. “No?”

“No, you’re not going to pretend? Or no, you didn’t throw the match?”
“No, I’m not going to pretend, I guess.”
“You guess?”
“Well, it seems pointless to pretend. But I also wasn’t going to bring it up. It didn’t think it
was a big deal.”
“Not a big deal?” Shouta parrots incredulously. “Kid, why did you throw that fight?”
“Shinsou deserved to win,” Izuku says simply, shrugging.
Shouta inhales deeply through his nose, trying to follow the logic that leads to Izuku making
such an absurd statement with all the confidence of a known fact. There is a silent implication
– Shinsou deserved to win; Izuku didn’t – and it weighs heavily on Shouta, but he doesn’t
question it. He already knows exactly how that line of inquiry would end. That particular
misconception will only be cured with time. Time and therapy – Shouta will have to be sure
to mention this incident to Izuku’s doctor before their next appointment.
“If he deserved to win, he would have won. Handing him the match is the exact opposite of
him having earned it.”
“Sometimes there’s more to deserving than earning.”
“What about Shinsou?” Shouta asks. “Do you think he’ll feel like he deserves it, when he
finds out?”
Izuku frowns. “I don’t see why he would find out. Are you going to tell him?”
“No,” Shouta admits. He shudders to imagine getting that deeply involved in student
business, even if he’s personally responsible for one of those students. “But if you aren’t
prepared for what happens when someone learns you did something, you should at least
consider not doing the thing at all.”
“I did consider it. And then I decided it was the best thing to do.”
Shouta sighs, shuffling until he is sitting across from Izuku, cross-legged at the foot of the
bed, leaning against the footboard. Izuku blinks back at him, placid and unconcerned.
Turning off the emotional repression quirk will be terrible, Shouta is sure – in fact, he’s
already planning to ask Nemuri to be present in case the kid needs to be sedated – but he is
looking forward to parting ways with this Twilight Zone version of Izuku.
“Explain to me,” Shouta says, more demand than request. “Why did Shinsou deserve to
win?”
Izuku thinks for a moment, then nods to himself. “Shinsou and I both have ‘villainous’
quirks. I’ve always thought it was ridiculous to classify quirks that way, but all the people
who say things like that about people like us… I’ve proved them right.” Shouta purses his
lips, but doesn’t interrupt, shooting Izuku a warning look that has no effect on him. “Shinsou

can still prove them wrong. He deserves a chance to do that. He’s never given into the
pressure or scorn of the people around him.
“I know it ruins the rehabilitation plan a little, but I think it’s for the best. I don’t belong in
the hero course, especially not over someone like Shinsou. This way, he can transfer.”
Shouta’s chest aches slightly to hear Izuku’s thought process, the way he condemns himself
so dispassionately. Insecurities so deeply ingrained they transcend emotion, scratches on the
lens through which Izuku views the world, falsehoods written in permanent marker.
“That’s illogical,” Shouta says tiredly when Izuku is clearly finished speaking. Izuku cocks
his head. “Problem child – how many seats are open in 1-A?”
“Two,” Izuku answers instantly. “Mineta Minoru was expelled on the third day of term and
Nishioka Kin’s parents pulled him out of UA after the USJ attack.” Shouta waits expectantly,
and after a moment, Izuku grasps what he’s getting at, only saying, “Oh.”
“Exactly. You didn’t need to let Shinsou win to give him a chance to transfer. As for your
own transfer – I have no doubt that Nedzu will proceed as planned.”
“It’s still better this way,” Izuku decides a second later. Shouta resists the urge to groan, once
again listening patiently for the kid’s justification. “The higher Shinsou places, the better his
chances are. He doesn’t have Nedzu scheming for him.”
“No,” Shouta corrects sharply. “His chances are unchanged. Transfers to the hero course are
done entirely at staff discretion. The sports festival provides students with the opportunity to
catch a teacher’s attention – and Shinsou has had mine since the cavalry battle. He could have
lost in his first match, and I still would have approached him. Coming in first, second, or
third doesn’t matter. All you did was compromise your integrity. And Shinsou’s.”
After a long pause, Izuku admits, “I didn’t consider that.”
“I know,” Shouta sighs. “Learn from this – consider it next time. Next time you want to do
something for someone, ask yourself if it even needs doing. And consider that helping
someone else doesn’t always have to involve hurting yourself.”
Izuku nods, a pensive frown marring his face. He looks away from Shouta to the TV in the
corner. A single glance is enough to reveal that Bakugou has the clear upper hand,
overwhelming Shoji with bright bursts of light and noise.
“Katsuki’s going to be upset,” Izuku says. An explosion on screen, unnecessarily forceful,
agrees with him. “I told him I would see him in the finals.”
Shouta leans forward, bringing one of his casts down on Izuku’s head, just hard enough to
catch the kid’s attention. Shouta glares at him, keeping Izuku’s head in place with his arm.
“Focus on yourself,” he orders. Izuku nods, rubbing his scalp lightly when Shouta releases
him. Shouta locates the television’s remote on the small table between the two cots, turning
the screen off just as Bakugou secures his victory.

Be selfish, Shouta wants to say. Help yourself. Fuck all the other. Not everyone needs to be a
hero. There’s nothing wrong with being the one to need saving.
Of course, Shouta doesn’t say any of that because the kid won’t understand it. Not yet.
Another reason he shouldn’t have been participating in the festival to begin with. Izuku is so
eager to give away pieces of himself without taking anything in return, like he doesn’t realize
that his time, his energy, his spirit, are all limited resources.
Civilians will say that good heroes are willing to make sacrifices. They’re not wrong, but like
with most aspect of the hero industry, they also don’t see the full picture of things. Good
heroes are willing to make sacrifices; great heroes know when not to. As a direct result, the
primary difference between good heroes and great ones is how long they live.
Come Monday, Izuku will most likely be seated in class 1-A, one step closer to being a good
hero. And he will be good – as far as Shouta’s concerned, that’s a foregone conclusion. But
it’s still up to Shouta to make sure the kid lives long enough and stays whole enough to
become a great one.

Behind the scenes of the sports festival, there’s an unlisted match being fought only in
Hitoshi’s head. Midoriya Izuku versus Bakugou Katsuki – who’s scarier? Let’s see what the
participants have going for them.
In one corner – Midoriya. Definitely not what you’d expect from a finalist in a fight like this
– short, fluffy hair, huge eyes, smattering of freckles, overall just very green. Cute, in a
simple, woodsy kind of way. Don’t judge a book by its cover though, folks – Midoriya killed
his dad. That’s right! Killed – as in murdered – his dad – as in his own fucking father. That’s
a pretty big point in his favor – or is it a point against him? A point in the definitely terrifying
column. He’s also powerful and ruthless. Admittedly the intimidation factor of those traits
pales somewhat in comparison to the patricide bit. Keep in mind, though, Midoriya cried –
like, a lot – about that whole murder thing, which might not bring anyone back to life, but it
does make Midoriya slightly less terrifying in Hitoshi’s books. And of course, Hitoshi has
already beaten Midoriya, an important factor to consider.
In the other corner – Bakugou. Now he’s what you’d expect to see in this competition – spiky
hair, perpetual scowl, red eyes to match. Bit of a stereotypical thug, really, with exactly the
shitty manners you’d associate with that sort of person. This is a book you can judge by its
cover – one look tells you the whole story, and Hitoshi’s not going to lie, that story is pretty
intimidating. But hey, at least there are no nasty surprises hiding in the pages. Bakugou is
also powerful and ruthless. In fact, he seems to be ruthless, not just in the I’ll do what it takes
to win way, but in the I don’t care if anyone gets hurt way. To Hitoshi’s knowledge, Bakugou
hasn’t actually killed anyone, but honestly, Hitoshi wouldn’t be surprised it that knowledge
proves to be incorrect or outdated somewhere down the line. And, worst of all, Bakugou is
standing in front of Hitoshi right now because Hitoshi hasn’t actually beaten him yet.

So, in summary, Midoriya is a murderer, but only a dubiously cold-blooded one, who Hitoshi
has already overcome. And Bakugou is only dubiously a murderer, but certainly coldblooded, who still has a chance to clear up all of that dubiousness by killing Hitoshi on
national television.
Bakugou, Hitoshi thinks as their match begins. Ding, ding, ding – he’s the fucking winner.
Bakugou is definitely more terrifying. Because despite everything, as much as Hitoshi had
thought Midoriya was going to kill his dreams during their match, he had never actually
thought that Midoriya was going to kill him. Contrary to that, the first thing Hitoshi thinks
when Bakugou runs at him is: holy shit, he’s going to fucking kill me.
Hitoshi takes an explosion to the chest, a percussive force of brittle, dry heat, right against his
sternum. He hits the ground and rolls, pathetic and clumsy, feeling each bump on a three
second delay as his brain tries to catch up. Still in bounds, but disoriented and prone and
thoroughly out matched.
“What a fucking joke,” Bakugou spits as he stalks towards Hitoshi, threatening and slow in
stark contrast to the blinding speed he used to deliver his initial blast. “Get up, fucker! You
beat shitty Deku, now give me a fight worth having!”
“Who the hell is Deku?” Hitoshi asks, forcing the words out as he levers himself back onto
his knees. Halfway to standing, Bakugou kicks him back down. An unhinged sneer pulls as
his face, eyes red and glinting like something feral.
“Pathetic,” Bakugou says as Hitoshi curls an arm around his ribs. “This is how I’m meant to
win?” Bakugou leans down, snags Hitoshi by the sleeve, and drags him to his feet, barely
allowing him to catch his balance before shoving him a few steps back. Luck and divine
mercy are the only things that keep Hitoshi up.
“Fight back,” Bakugou demands. “Prove that it wasn’t a fucking fluke you got this far.”
“It wasn’t,” Hitoshi snaps back. “You damned hero brats, you think you’re hot shit just
because you blew up some robots? Think some pretty little fireworks are enough to–”
Hitoshi’s ear rings as Bakugou cuffs him, a pop and a crackle along the side of his head, a
jagged-bright flash of orange in his peripheral vision. The blow isn’t nearly powerful enough
to knock Hitoshi back down, only stumbling him a step to the side. He shakes his head,
meeting Bakugou’s glare with an equally intense one.
“You can’t even throw a proper punch,” Bakugou mocks, still not enough of a response for
Hitoshi to take hold of. “You’re a fucking joke, except I’m not fucking laughing, dipshit.”
Hitoshi clenches his bandaged fist, tendons creaking slightly in protest. He swings forward,
aiming for Bakugou’s face – and even if he breaks his hand again, it will be worth it, so long
as he takes Bakugou’s nose down with him. Bakugou catches the punch, fingers closing into
the grooves between Hitoshi’s knuckles, smoking faintly. Spinning on his heels, Bakugou
tosses Hitoshi back to the ground. Hitoshi lands on his hip, panting and trembling.
“Get up,” Bakugou growls.

“You know what? No, I don’t think I fucking will.”
Flopping onto his back, Hitoshi narrows his eyes against the glare of the sun, ignoring the
way Bakugou hisses and spits as adamantly as he ignores the smarting of his own pride. If
Bakugou wants to toy with him, then Hitoshi just won’t play. Beating Bakugou might be
beyond what Hitoshi is capable of – especially exhausted, head and body aching, quirk
already revealed – but pissing Bakugou off while he loses is perfectly within Hitoshi’s
wheelhouse. It’s not nearly as satisfying as actually winning, but there’s some compensation
in Bakugou’s mounting frustration, in refusing to give him what he wants.
Bakugou grabs him again, but this time Hitoshi ragdolls petulantly, going limp and heavy.
His shoulder aches, all his weight suspended there by Bakugou’s grip on his arm, but the
smug pleasure Hitoshi feels at Bakugou’s barked curse makes the discomfort worth it.
“Stand up,” Bakugou demands, shaking Hitoshi. “Fucking fight me!”
“Oh, but I’m so pathetic,” Hitoshi laments, dramatically lulling his head back. Bakugou
snarls, a deep subvocal sound, and when he goes to shake Hitoshi again, Hitoshi grabs hold
of his wrist, squeezing as hard as he can. “Why don’t you finish the fucking job?” Hitoshi
asks, hauling himself up to bring their faces close together.
Bakugou’s eyes widen, lips twitching where they are pulled back from his teeth, going pale
as the blood leaves his face. His grip on Hitoshi’s arm, bruise-tight moments before, abruptly
goes slack, and Hitoshi crashes back to the ground, nearly dragging Bakugou with him until
the other manages to jerk his own wrist out of Hitoshi’s grasp. Looking less like something
feral and more like something cornered, Bakugou slides his foot back a half step before
catching himself, tensing in place.
“That’s what people are meant to do to villains, isn’t it?” Hitoshi asks from the ground, soft
in the sudden silence. He can hear it in his own voice, an unsettling note of almost giddiness,
a sadistic excitement at having caught Bakugou off guard and reduced him to pale, wordless
staring.
Finally, Hitoshi has found an outlet for that conversation he overheard – that horrible,
horrible conversation, the deadliest ammunition he has ever laid his hands on. Not against
Midoriya, no, because Hitoshi never wanted to break anyone to pieces. After all, he’s not a
bad person. Using it against Bakugou, though? Bakugou, who pleaded, begged for Midoriya
to stop crying – Bakugou, who couldn’t face the reality that he had dragged kicking and
screaming into the light?
Well, Hitoshi may not be a bad person. But he’d never claim to be a nice one.
“Or would you rather I do it myself?” Hitoshi asks, slow, deliberate. Almost sweet, if not for
the bitter aftertaste. Bakugou snaps like a rubber band pulled past its limits.
“Shut up!” he screams, launching himself forward. He descends on Hitoshi like a pack of
wolves, and Hitoshi allows it – allows Bakugou to throw himself through the space between
them, allows him to straddle Hitoshi’s chest and grab him by the collar, allows him to pull his

fist back. All the while, Bakugou shouts, “Shut up! Shut the fuck up! What do you know,
where did you hear that?! I’m going to wipe that shitty smirk off your smug fucking face!”
And when Bakugou’s knees are firmly planted on the ground next to Hitoshi’s ribs, Hitoshi
reaches down the path Bakugou is unwittingly forming with his words and takes control.
Bakugou’s face goes blank; his muscles, all wound tight, relax. If Hitoshi had grabbed him
any sooner, while he was still moving, Bakugou likely would have tripped or stumbled,
breaking the connection as soon as it could form, and Hitoshi had no desire to try to push his
luck a second time. His head aches fiercely, protesting in sharp stabs that make Hitoshi’s
vision pulse slightly, dimming intermittently around the edges in a way that can’t mean
anything good.
“Go out of bounds,” Hitoshi orders.
Woodenly, Bakugou stands. He moves slowly, and Hitoshi can feel him struggling, like a bird
beating its wings against the inside of his skull. A bird with blades for feathers, maybe. Blood
beads from Hitoshi’s nose, hot and viscous, tracing a path down the side of his cheek, pooling
into his ear. He is so fucking tired, and he is so fucking close.
“Quickly,” Hitoshi gasps. “As fast as you can.”
Bakugou’s hands light up, and Hitoshi flinches into the dirt, closing his eyes and bracing for
pain. His ears ring. The ground seems to sway and rock underneath him.
“Bakugou Katsuki is out of bounds! The match – and this year’s sports festival – go to
Shinsou Hitoshi!”
Well, Hitoshi thinks hazily, what do you know? That’s his name.
He won.

He lost.
Zombie Eyes, that scrawny gen ed fucker who couldn’t hack it for the hero course, whose
eyebags were bigger than his biceps – he won. Katsuki, who was stronger, smarter, better
trained – he fucking lost.
In the middle of the field, Eyebags is flat on the ground, eagle spread. One of his arms raises,
forms a weak fist in the air, and then flops back down, falling still. Pulse thundering in his
ears, Katsuki strides forwards, long steps carrying him back over the boundary line –
Bakugou Katsuki is out of bounds – as Midnight jumps down from her stage.
“Stay over there,” she calls as she kneels down at Eyebags side. When Katsuki takes another
step, she levels him a warning look. “Bakugou, stay where you are.”

He stops, sucking his teeth as he glowers to the side. Something butts into the back of his
thigh, accompanied by a soft beep. The dome-shaped head of a med bot greets him when he
turns, a small red light at the top blinking regularly. It crawls forward an inch, bumping into
him with another beep.
“Go around, asshole,” he grunts as he steps to the side, allowing the machine to wheel past
him, followed by a second bot, the two keeping a stretcher propped up between them.
“Hey sweetie,” Midnight greets as the bots roll to a stop. “Could you get me a cup of water?”
Another beep, chirpier than the one it used on Katsuki, and a panel opens in the thing’s chest,
dispensing a cup and filling it quickly. “Thanks, you’re a real doll.” Midnight takes the small
cup, instantly dumping it over Eyebags head.
He splutters, jerking part way upright as water drips over his jawline and plasters little
chunks of his hair against his forehead. Groaning, he collapses back again, pressing a hand to
his ribs and mumbling something whiny. The med bot whistles cheerfully.
“Oh good,” Midnight says, her grin too pleased to be kind, “you were only a little
unconscious. You’re not done yet – you’ve still got a medal to claim, Mr. Winner. How about
we get you to Recovery Girl, hmm?”
None too gently, she helps Eyebags stand, supporting him by the elbows as he sways, then
toppling him over onto the waiting stretcher with a light shove to his shoulder. Midnight, of
course, smiles all the while, unabashedly enjoying herself. When the bots wheel by on their
way out of the arena, Katsuki turns to follow them, snarl already building up behind his teeth
as all the things he wants to say fight for dominance in his throat. Midnight’s nails scrape
against the back of his neck as she nabs him by the collar.
“Not you, Bakugou. Are you injured?”
“Of fucking course not!” Katsuki snaps, squirming until she releases his jacket. “He didn’t
even touch me!”
“Then you don’t need to see Recovery Girl! Unless you’re worried about your classmate?”
“Hell no!”
“Then there’s no reason for you to go after them! Follow me, I’ll take you to the waiting
room for the awards ceremony. Congratulations on second place!”
“Don’t fucking congratulate me on that bullshit match!” Katsuki yells as he follows her down
a tunnel. “Second fucking place – I was supposed to win!”
“Oh? I don’t think anyone told Shinsou that.”
“That fucker hasn’t seen anything yet! He shouldn’t have even made it that far, just wait
until–” Midnight’s eyes glint, sharp and devious, and Katsuki grinds his teeth down around
the rest of the words that want to spill from his mouth. “Fuck off,” he bites out instead.

“Language,” Midnight teases with a wink. She pinches the air next to his cheek, not actually
touching him, but Katsuki snaps his teeth at her fingers, regardless. Apparently delighted, she
laughs, “Sorry Bakugou, you’re just too cute when you’re worked up. I couldn’t resist!”
Fucking cute? Katsuki shrinks back towards his shoulders with a grimace. He’s not fucking
cute and Midnight is the fucking worst. She shows him into a waiting room and then,
blessedly leaves him in peace. Fucking Midnight, with her dumb BDSM gimmick and
incessant fucking teasing and total disrespect to basic decency and boundaries. Fucking
Zombie Eyes, fucking gen ed, can’t-throw-a-punch ass, saying shit like that and then fainting
like a pussy instead of fucking fighting.
Why don’t you finish the fucking job?
I’d be doing the world a favor.
In through the nose – one, two, three, four; hold for seven; out through the mouth – one, two,
three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Fucking breathe. Just fucking breathe. Everything is worse
when you don’t fucking breathe, Katsuki.
Or would you rather I do it myself?
I’ve thought about it.
Katsuki feels sick. He needs to breathe. Why can’t he breathe?
“Bakugou? Are you alright?”
Katsuki doesn’t fucking jump. A new scorch mark appears on the table beneath his palm, and
he digs his fingers into the blackened layer of wood until little crumbs of it catch under his
nails. The octopus stands just inside the doorway, staring at Katsuki, a look too close to
concern.
“I’m fucking fine,” Katsuki says.
And he is. Of course he is. He always is. And even if he wasn’t, he would be now, because
he’s hardly going to be anything other than fine in front of this no-name extra. Katsuki is fine.
Katsuki is breathing. Somewhere, Izuku is still breathing.
Octopus stares at Katsuki for another moment, but silently takes a seat. After a heavy second,
he pointedly looks to the wall, relieving Katsuki of the burden of his attention, as if he is
doing Katsuki a favor by giving him the illusion of goddamned privacy. Katsuki sneers,
swallows painfully. He breathes.
In through the nose – one, two, three, four; hold for seven; out through the mouth – one, two,
three, four, five, six, seven, eight. In through the nose – everything’s fine; hold – absolutely
fucking fine; out through the mouth – fine, goddamned fine, just fucking breathe.
Fifteen cyclical breaths later, Midnight opens the door, gesturing the people with her inside.
Deku walks in first, unflinchingly meeting Katsuki’s eyes. Behind him, Eyebags slinks into
the room, slouching with his shoulders hunched up like he somehow thinks he can go unseen

when he’s one of only four people in a room and nearly six fucking feet tall. Katsuki’s eyes
dart from one boy to the other, ignoring Midnight entirely as she tells them that she’ll be back
shortly before she leaves with a wink. Deku pulls out a chair down the table from Katsuki.
Eyebags hovers awkwardly for a moment, then leans against the wall, failing to pass for
casual.
“I’m Izuku,” Deku says, greeting Octopus with a flat smile. It’s a mockery of the nerd’s old
sunny cheer, practically grotesque, but Octopus nods obliviously in return.
“Shoji Mezo. Nice to meet you.”
“You, too. Actually, I had some questions about your quirk, if you wouldn’t mind. You don’t
have to answer, that’s fine, but I’m a bit of – well, an analyst, I guess you could say, and I
was wondering–”
“Deku.”
Izuku pauses, blinks. “Yes Katsuki?”
There are a million things Katsuki wants to say. They crowd like flames on his tongue,
destructive and hot, but then, with a thought – a memory that won’t stay where it fucking
belongs – they’re doused. I’ve thought about it, choked through tears. Great, heaving sobs
splattering dark marks onto the concrete floor of the tunnel and staining the navy knees of
Deku’s uniform a mourning black. All the things burning in Katsuki sputter and die.
“What the fuck was that?” he asks, all that’s left. Katsuki hates the cold, but he feels it from
the inside now. Cold and full of smoke, thick enough to choke him.
“I know you wanted a match,” Deku says, sounding only vaguely apologetic, “but Shinsou
got the best of me. You can’t be mad – he got the best of you, too.”
Can’t be mad? Can’t be mad? Katsuki can be whatever he damn well pleases, and fuck
anyone who tries to stop him, Deku most of all. Fuck the shivery feeling in his own chest,
fuck intrusive thoughts of tears and confessions. Katsuki will show Deku fucking mad.
“Shinsou,” Katsuki spits, tossing his chair back as he stands, “didn’t get the best of fucking
anyone. He won with a cheap fucking trick, and the only reason he got as far as he did is
because Sparkle Fucker and that 1-B asshole he was matched up against are just as useless as
he is. You hear that?” Katsuki asks, whirling around to face Eyebags, who stands tense
against the wall, spiteful darkness visible on his face, poorly hidden beneath a thin veneer of
indifference. “We both know which of us would win in a fair fight.”
“I already did.”
“You used a dirty fucking trick is what you did. That same shit wouldn’t work twice.”
Eyebags shrugs, glancing off to the side. “That’s the thing, Bakugou. I only needed it to work
once.”
“You–”

Everything goes indistinct for a moment. Katsuki can’t even say how long, only that he is
sitting at the end of it. Eyebags presses the back of his hand beneath his nose, meeting
Katsuki’s glare with bored eyes that make no attempt to disguise the challenge sparkling in
their depths. Hands shaking, Katsuki moves to stand again, only to be stopped by a tight grip
on his shoulder, pressing him down.
“Don’t fucking touch me,” he snaps, shaking Deku’s hands off him. An explosion crackles
between his fingers, reverberating through his wrists and sending echoes through his bones.
“Leave Shinsou alone,” Deku says. “You’ll only get yourself in trouble if you try to fight him
now.”
“Did–” Katsuki swallows uncomfortably, staring at the clouded glass of Deku’s eyes. “Did
you fucking tell him to say that to me?” Deku’s brows furrow, a convincing display of
confusion that Katsuki couldn’t care less about. Deku is a well-practiced liar, but Katsuki has
never fallen for it, and he won’t start now. “You fucking did, didn’t you?!” he accuses.
“That’s how he knew. You were too chickenshit to fight me for yourself, so you formed a
little villain alliance and sent your brainwasher after me.”
“Shinsou’s not a villain.”
“You sound insane,” the brainwasher says, trepidation leaking into his voice. Katsuki turns to
him.
“Do I? You’re just pissed I figured you out. Not as smart as you think you are, huh?”
“Look, he didn’t tell me anything, alright. We didn’t have any kind of – alliance, or whatever
it is you think is going on. I beat him, and then I beat you. There’s not any kind of conspiracy
here.”
“You beat him?” Katsuki laughs cruelly. “Yeah right. I knew it didn’t make any sense. Deku
should have fucking destroyed you.”
“My quirk got him, same as it got you.”
“Do you really believe that? You got him because he let you. No way a freak like Deku
would let you activate a quirk like that on accident. He knows fucking everything about
quirks, it’s what he does.”
“Katsuki, stop.”
There is something in Katsuki’s lungs, cramped and painful, stabbing into him with every
inhale. He takes all those sharp edges and turns them outward, where they can’t hurt him
anymore.
“Because I’m right? Maybe I wasn’t before, but I am now. You come back all different after
running around with villains for the past five years, and I’m supposed to believe you got your
ass handed to you by a gen ed student because you made an idiot mistake? Why’d you do it?

Were you that afraid to face me? Still a fucking coward, even after all this time, huh? Killing
daddy didn’t do much to help you grow a fucking spine, did it?”
“What the hell, asshole?!” Eyebags shouts.
Katsuki’s own words catch up to him like a tidal wave, pulling him under the current before
he has a chance to gasp for air. Breathe, he needs to breathe. Izuku’s eyes, locked with
Katsuki’s own, are dark and distant.
I’vethoughtaboutitI’vethoughtaboutitI’vethoughtaboutit
What’s he thinking now? Katsuki doesn’t want to know.
“This isn’t about you, Katsuki.”
I wasn’t even thinking of you, then.
This isn’t how it’s supposed to go. The living are meant to leave behind the dead. Five years
ago, Katsuki decided that Izuku was dead to him. And that was meant to be it. But Katsuki
has spent the last five years haunted, while his ghost hardly even thinks of him. Katsuki who
has been left behind. Katsuki who is clinging on. Unheard and unthought of. Insubstantial.
Inconsequential.
Maybe Katsuki is the ghost, here.
“Katsuki, you have to breathe.”
“I don’t need your shitty help,” Katsuki says. His voice sounds too weak to his own ears.
“Maybe not mine,” Izuku agrees.
“I don’t need–”
“Bakugou!”
“What do you fucking want, Eyebags?!”
And for an indefinite moment, Katsuki doesn’t need to worry about things like breathing, or
being fine, or needing help. He doesn’t need to worry about things like I’ve thought about it,
or I wasn’t even thinking of you.
A touch to his shoulder brings him back. He feels tired and shaky as he blinks into the bright
blue of Midnight’s eyes. She is not smiling. Katsuki tears his eyes from hers, forcing a scowl
to his face as he looks towards Eyebags, who is sitting on the floor now, instead of standing
against the wall, face wan. He has pulled the collar of his t-shirt up to press it over the lower
part of his face, a red stain creeping through the white fabric. Serves him fucking right.
“Bakugou?” Midnight asks. “Are you alright?”
“I’m fucking fine.”

She looks doubtful. “It’s time for the awards ceremony. Can you handle that?”
“Of fucking course I fucking can. Do I look like a damn invalid to you? I can stand on a
shitty block of concrete to get a useless hunk of metal.”
Katsuki pushes Midnight away, stubbornly disallowing the trembling of his knees as he
stands. He is the first out the door, leaving all the extras behind him. As he walks, he
breathes. In for four, hold for seven, out for eight. Ignore the way it burns. Four, seven, eight.
Ignore the crumpled-paper feeling of his chest.
Four. Seven. Eight.

Tomura is a decisive person. He knows what he believes, knows what he wants, knows
exactly what he is willing to do to get it. He is single-minded; Sensei taught him how to be.
Indecision is a characteristic of men so weak they can’t even take control of themselves.
Tomura will have enough enemies in the world – people who try to change it always do – that
he can’t afford to add himself to that count.
He is decisive, single-minded.
Tomura knows what he wants.
At the beginning of the cavalry battle, Tomura decays the television. Because he is angry.
And he tries to go to UA, on his own if Kurogiri refuses to take him, and he gets angrier still
when Kurogiri not only refuses to make a gate but actively prevents him from leaving,
opening a portal beneath Tomura’s feet whenever he tries to approach the door.
“What do you plan to do when – if – you get to him?” Kurogiri asks, as if he is being
reasonable.
“Kill him.”
“And how are you planning to do that?”
“I am going to close my hands around his skull,” Tomura says, enunciating slowly, spitting
the edges of the words, feeling infuriatingly like he is being made to repeat himself.
“How?” Kurogiri asks again. “Think of what you are trying to accomplish, Shigaraki
Tomura.”
And Tomura does. He knows what he wants, and he imagines it with the single-minded
vividness of someone who is practiced at making their wishes into reality, someone who turns
wanting into getting.

Tomura’s hands will sink into Izuku’s the traitor’s hair to reach the scalp beneath, fingers
tangling in wild curls, dark green fading to matte black as strands crumble to brittle dust. Soft
tissue decays faster than bone. The traitor’s skull will be slippery and solid when Tomura’s
fingers meet it. The thin area behind the temples will cave first, and from there the wet slime
feeling of flesh and blood will transition into something gritty. Everything will mix to a greyred paste on Tomura’s palms; it will linger in the creases of his skin and beneath his nails for
days. Wide, green eyes, lined with tears and shadows will twitch and spasm and roll. A
heavy, wet thump when the body falls to the ground, like a puppet with its strings cut.
Everyone looks the same when they’re reduced to ash.
The image is less like a dream, and more like a premonition, a creeping inevitability, a
distance but visible goal. Tomura knows what he wants. Which means Tomura will get what
he wants.
He swallows the acid in his throat.
Tomura decides he has to see the rest of the festival. Because he is angry. Because the traitor
is there, and Tomura has no idea what’s happening to him what he’s doing. So, Tomura
decides – single-minded, decisive, exactly as he should be – that it’s time they return to the
bar. Weeks of surveillance have shown no sign that the bar is compromised, no reason for
them to stay away.
“We need a proper base of operations,” Tomura says, “not this shitty rundown apartment. We
can’t get anything done here.”
This time, Kurogiri agrees.
Tomura gets what he wants.
He is angry anyway, and he is angry still when they get home to the bar. He doesn’t bother
imagining, here. All that comes to mind is Sensei, sitting on a stool with a glass in hand,
nodding his acknowledgement to Tomura. Izuku, curled up in a booth, notebooks spread
around him as the news plays on the television. And there is no point in imagining things that
can’t come true, that can’t be made true, even with single-minded devotion. No point in
lingering on the dead or the might-as-well-be-dead.
Tomura doesn’t let himself want things he can’t get.
And Tomura is – he’s angry. He burns with it. His chest, his eyes, the back of his throat.
The first round of the one-on-one matches is half over. The traitor has already won his first
match, and Tomura missed it, and he is angry. What remains, Tomura watches, rapt and
enraged. Watches so intently his eyes water.
And it is like watching through two sets of eyes. There is nothing single-minded about it.
Everything that used to be addition becomes division and nothing is adding up anymore.

Fire spirals around the traitor as he stares down his opponent. Izuku stops to grin at Tomura
in the middle of training. The traitor walks out of bounds. Izuku hits Tomura’s shoulder in his
excitement as they watch the festival together. Smiling, the traitor ducks his head so All
Might can slip his medal over his head. Late at night, Izuku whispers to Tomura about how
the world is far too broken for one man to fix it.
And Tomura –
Tomura is a decisive person. He has to be.
He knows what he wants. He gets what he wants.
Tomura can’t get what he doesn’t know how to want.

Chapter End Notes

Aizawa: How many seats are open in my class?
Izuku: Two.
Aizawa: Which means?
Izuku: Idk, the class seems roomier?
Aizawa: I -- no
Katsuki: FIGHT ME
Hitoshi: You know what? Just for you – no
Hitoshi: My kink is people underestimating me and ending up wrong and embarrassed
Katsuki: *frothing at the mouth*
Hitoshi: Shut the fuck up
Izuku: Calm the fuck down
Shoji: Please let me the fuck out of this room
Next chapter: Explosion – Part III
Update: May 13

Chapter 27: Explosion - Part III
Chapter Notes

You know what’s nuts? When I want to reference something from a previous chapter, so
I search it up in my handy dandy single-massive-word-document, only to realize that –
oh,,, oh, that happened 200 pages ago.
(This message has been brought to you by Midnight’s penis-shaped confetti)
Now, Discord memes, in honor of Shoji, who didn’t ask for any of this bullshit
Cloud: X X X X X X X
Dev: X X X X X
Fola: X
Ike: X
Kai: X
Mantis: X
Rhino: X
Snowy: X X X
Surya: X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Shouta would much rather do this in the privacy of their apartment, but Nemuri still has
festival related business to attend to. She’s already doing him a favor by sparing time she
doesn’t actually have to oversee them here, standing against the wall in case they need her,
sympathy and concern clear on her face. Shouta had weighed the options between going
home and risking a catastrophic meltdown and dealing with the backlash in this too-public
place. Ultimately, he had decided that it’s better to have Nemuri on hand. If the worst were to
happen in the apartment, having to physically restrain Izuku would be a terrible experience
for everyone. The door to the waiting room is locked, which will have to do.
Izuku sits in the middle of the floor. Last time, he tripped over himself and fell to the ground,
and Shouta would prefer to cut straight to the chase and avoid any unnecessary bumps or
bruises. Hizashi sits next to the kid, already leaning close, ready to catch or cradle. Shouta
crouches in front of them, eyes locked on the gleaming silver bands Izuku has cupped in one
palm.
After everything, suppressing Izuku’s quirk again sits wrong with Shouta. Granted, it never
sat right with him, but to impose this punishment on the kid at the end of an exhausting day
of nearly perfect behavior seems particularly vile. But the terms of the rehabilitation program
are clear, and as much as Shouta may disagree with some of them, breaking the rules would
only make things worse in the long run. The Commission would be on top of any infractions
like sharks sensing blood in the water. So, for the foreseeable future, Izuku’s quirk must be
suppressed outside of training.

The bands will handle the kid’s base quirk and deactivate the emotional repression quirk at
the same time – two birds with one stone. No need to deactivate the dissociation quirk
separately and gamble on being able to get the cuffs on with the kid potentially hysterical.
This is efficient, logical. Even if it feels callous.
“It won’t be as bad as last time,” Izuku assures everyone. He is the only calm one in the
room, tension ratcheting up between the adults. If anything, Izuku’s composure only puts
them more on edge. The kid seems peaceful now, but they all know it’s only momentary, the
calm before the storm.
“We just don’t want to see you upset, Sprout,” Hizashi says, forcing a smile.
“I’ll probably just cry a bit and then fall asleep. I’m very tired. Or Midnight can just put me
to sleep right away. It’ll be fine, you’ll see.”
Without further fanfare, Izuku snaps a band around one wrist and then the other, metal
closing tight to his skin with a faint click. Izuku blinks. Huffs a small burst of air. Gasps.
Tears well up in his eyes and spill over as he curls towards his knees, folding himself in half
to press his forehead against the tiles of the floor. Zashi moves into action, rubbing soothing
circles between the kid’s shoulder blades while Nemuri hovers in the background, one hand
ready at her wrist. Shouta meets her eyes and shakes his head slightly.
Sedation is a last resort – a necessary backup plan, but an undesirable one. Knocking Izuku
out is barely preferable to the kid repressing his emotions in the first place. Allowing him to
sleep through the backlash and escape the worst of what he bottled up would do no favors for
his long-term ability to cope with his feelings.
“I – I’m–” Izuku’s throat gurgles around something that is either a sob or a laugh. Maybe
both. Hizashi shushes him.
“It’s alright,” Shouta says, voice low and even, trying to mimic the way Hizashi speaks in
moments like this. “The festival is over, it’s all over. Everything turned out fine. You’re fine.”
Izuku shakes his head, hair swishing against the ground. Then, between one movement and
the next, he is nodding. And it is different than last time, Shouta observes. He hesitates to say
that it’s better, because Izuku is still crying, and Shouta still has no idea what he is meant to
do. This time, though, there is less and there is more.
That first time was the stuff of nightmares. Shouta, nearly blind and terribly pained,
witnessed – caused – the abrupt and complete decomposition of everything that was holding
Izuku together. Grief and fear and pain, so much of them that any attempt Izuku made to
tread water was only delaying the inevitable. Feelings like the deep ocean, dark and cold and
high pressure, unsuitable for human life. There is still grief and fear and pain, now, but less of
them. And there is more than them – excitement, joy, and pride. Islands in an unfriendly sea.
Izuku presses his palms flat to the ground and forces himself up, coughing around a sob that
turns into a laugh when he catches his breath. He smiles, wobbly but genuine, then bites his
lip on another wave of tears.

“I – I’m s-sorry,” he says.
With an incoherent noise, Zashi sweeps the kid into a hug, resting his cheek on the mess of
Izuku’s curls. For a brief moment, Izuku flails, hips twisted and legs splayed clumsily, one
arm pinned against Hizashi’s side, but he settles into the awkward embrace, free hand
grabbing a fistful of Hizashi’s jacket. Shouta jerks his chin slightly in the direction of the
door, and Nemuri follows the silent command with a teasing smile that is a touch softer than
her usual one. The lock snicks quietly as she reengages it from outside.
“What are you apologizing for?” Shouta asks.
“I don’t – the q-quirk. Shinsou.”
“You shouldn’t have used that quirk, and you shouldn’t have thrown that match,” Shouta
agrees, “but we’ve already discussed those things. You don’t need to apologize.”
“We’re not mad,” Hizashi assures, with that comforting note to his voice that Shouta can
never quite replicate. “We were worried, not angry.”
“Kats-suki–”
“Isn’t someone you should be worrying about right now. He’s already on his way home.”
“What about you, little listener? Ready to go home?”
Izuku blinks, the specific kind of misery that pairs with exhaustion settling heavily over his
features, visibly weighing him down. He lets his head fall against Hizashi’s shoulder, eyes
half-lidded and unfocused as he stares somewhere near the ground. He isn’t actively crying
anymore, but his eyes are still wet, occasional tears spilling over when he blinks.
Home, Shouta thinks, sure that Izuku is echoing the sentiment in his own head. To Shouta,
home is an obnoxious blonde and a collection of cats. Recently, he’s been surprised to find a
welcome addition in the shape of a traumatized teenager.
“Yeah,” Izuku agrees softly. But the yearning in the dark distance of his eyes makes it clear
that his thoughts are elsewhere. Shouta himself isn’t a person prone to yearning, but an
answering ache pangs through his chest, nevertheless. Someday, he hopes Izuku will be able
to go to a place he calls home, regardless of where that may be or who it may be with.
Izuku sways when he stands, and he only gets to take a couple of steps before Hizashi is
crouching down in front of him while Shouta unlocks the door. Izuku stops, blinking blearily.
Hizashi pats himself on the shoulders, looking back at the kid with a goofy grin.
“Hop on!”
Face red with realization, Izuku shakes his head, “I can w-walk.” Shouta snorts, keeping his
opinion on that matter to himself as he leans against the doorway and waits. Izuku shifts from
foot to foot when Hizashi doesn’t stand. The embarrassed discomfort is a relief to see after
hours of blankness and exclusively performative expressions. There’s the mess of a kid who
had been so conspicuously absent the last few hours.

“Come on,” Hizashi says, whining just slightly. “Shouta never lets me carry him around.”
“I’m a grown man.”
“See? See what I have to put up with? Do an old man a favor.” Hizashi pouts, patting his
shoulders again.
“You look about ready to fall asleep on your feet,” Shouta adds in Hizashi’s favor. It’s an
exaggeration, he’ll admit, but only a slight one, and it’s worth it for the grin Zashi gives him
in return. Izuku hesitates, and Hizashi stops with his dramatics, smiling more gently.
“You can walk if you want,” he says, “but you’ve had a long day, and that much quirk use
would take it out of anyone. If you’re tired, I can carry you, no problem.”
“Alright,” Izuku permits after a moment.
He climbs onto Hizashi’s back, made stiff by his uncertainty, but gets situated with a bit of
subtle help along the way. Hizashi doesn’t grunt as he straightens up – which Shouta suspects
is for Izuku’s benefit, lest the kid think he’s too heavy or something equally absurd. Izuku
buries his face in the crook of his elbow, his arms wrapped in a loose hold around Hizashi’s
neck. The tips of his ears are flushed a vibrant red where they stick out of his hair. Hizashi
grins, pleased and overly proud of himself, and Shouta rolls his eyes externally. Internally, he
can’t help but find the whole sight endearing.
At this point, the hallways are mostly empty, and Shouta, an expert at avoiding people, leads
them down unoccupied paths. The few members of staff they pass on their way out of the
stadium never spare them more than a glance before a harsh glare from Shouta quickly
dissuades them from further curiosity. The walk to and from the staff apartments normally
takes Shouta and Hizashi around fifteen minutes, give or take a few to account for variables
like weather, how quickly they feel like walking, and whether or not one of them is carrying a
whole fifteen-year-old’s worth of extra weight. By the time Shouta wrestles open the front
door of the building, Izuku’s arms have gone limp and Hizashi has to lean forward to ensure
the kid doesn’t go toppling to the ground.
Shouta escorts the way up to their second-floor apartment, shushing Bastard harshly when
she yowls about their return. She ignores him completely, of course, like the absolute ingrate
she is, making far more noise than a cat her size should be capable of as she runs into her
closet, but Izuku doesn’t even twitch. Rather gracelessly, Hizashi dumps the kid into his bed,
rearranging limbs on top of the covers into a passably comfortable looking position.
Kid taken care of for the next few hours, if not the night, Shouta returns to the living room.
Disco stands expectantly near the kitchen, meowing loudly as Shouta walks past him without
delivering any food. Nearly a decade they have had Disco, and the little idiot still hasn’t
realized that they get fed on a schedule. Lucy is curled up in a corner of the couch, face
tucked into the fluff of his tail.
“Goddamn it, Nemuri,” Shouta sighs, spotting several specks of blue caught up in Lucy’s
coat. More than a week since Izuku moved in and that confetti is still popping up everywhere
in the apartment. Poor Lucy gets the worse of it, long fur attracting the small bits like a

magnet. The white bits blend in completely until someone pets him and ends up combing out
tiny paper penises.
Hizashi emerges from their bedroom, having removed his hearing aids. He looks between
Shouta’s long-suffering expression and Lucy, sleeping obliviously, and snickers
unrepentantly.
“Little dick cat,” Hizashi coos, leaning over the back of the couch.
“Don’t call him that,” Shouta scolds, even though Hizashi can’t hear him and doesn’t even
bother to look up so Shouta can sign his retort.
Hizashi reaches down to brush the confetti out of Lucy’s fur, but the moment he makes
contact, Lucy startles violently, jerking awake. He cranes his head around to blink at Hizashi,
glances around the room, and then jumps away, slinking down the hallway towards Izuku’s
room. Shouta laughs at the exaggerated look of offense on Hizashi’s face, claiming the nowempty couch, wishing he could fall into the same deep unconsciousness that has claimed
Izuku. Hizashi brushes a hand through Shouta’s hair before taking a seat in the armchair and
making himself comfortable with a book.
With the sports festival behind them, they have the next three days off, but in Shouta’s
experience, sports festival weekends are rarely restful, despite their length. There will be
footage to review, reports to draw up, lessons to plan, internship requests to process. This
year, especially, will be worse than usual. Shouta wishes poignantly that he could huddle up
in bed and let someone else handle everything, but he has a job to do. And who is he kidding
– he’s never been any good at delegating, anyway.
Tomorrow – finally getting these damned casts off. Therapy for Izuku. Wrangle the rat into a
meeting. Then house calls. Shinsou first, assuming Nedzu agrees, which Shouta will make
sure he does. Shinsou will be easier. Explain the situation to the guardian’s, get papers
signed, leave. Much less simple – Tokoyami. Explain the situation to the family when Shouta
doesn’t even understand the situation, excellent. They’ll have questions he won’t be able to
answer, and chances are high someone is going to get emotional and then Shouta will be
expected to deal with that. Shouta hates house calls.
Saturday – the worst house call, possibly ever. Meet with the Bakugou’s. Navigate the
horrible minefield of confidentiality. Let Hizashi deal with the emotions. Figure out how to
interact with a parent as – another parent? A guardian? – something other than a teacher.
Sunday – grading, lots of it. Thankfully, he only has papers from his third year Law & Ethics
class, so he has it easier than Hizashi, with all his English essays. Hope nothing from Friday
or Saturday bleeds over so he might have at least a little free time. Maybe finally get some
rest, but don’t count on it.
It’s exhausting just to think about. Izuku’s appointment is at ten tomorrow morning. That
gives Shouta about 18 hours before the world starts making demands of him again.
Determined to make the most of them, he closes his eyes and sinks further into the couch.

Dear Izuku, - what am I just supposed to refer to myself in third person?
Dear Me, - there is nothing dear about me.
I don’t know how to address a letter to myself. Dr. Ashikawa told me to write a letter as if I
was “someone else, deserving of kindness and compassion.” She also wants me to write to
other people – letters that say everything I think and feel, that will never be sent. It’s
supposed to be a good way to confront and organize your emotions, which is something I
need to learn to do. Those letters sound easier to write than this one. I don’t think I’m even
doing it right. Usually letters have a “you,” don’t they? But I’m only using “I.”
You don’t think you understand this exercise. Maybe you’ll try again later.

The door is a simple, dark blue, with chipping paint along the edges. Izuku wants to stare at
it. He thinks he could let the gravity of this situation freeze him in place for hours, days,
weeks, and he still wouldn’t feel prepared. Right down the street, he can see the apartment
building where he lived with his mother. If he looked, he could probably spot the windows of
their old unit. He doesn’t look. His heart beats in his throat; his stomach is there with it. He
never should have agreed to this. He doesn’t belong here anymore.
Eraser, either oblivious to Izuku’s inner turmoil or all too aware of it, reaches over Izuku’s
head, jamming his thumb into the doorbell without hesitation.
A muffled yell from within splits the silence on the doorstep, “Masaru! They’re here! Get the
door!”
Eraser pulls Izuku back a step as the door swings open. Uncle Masaru smiles a touch
nervously, glancing between Eraser and Mic, before looking down to Izuku, who stands
between them. There are new lines scattered around his face and his look of mixed fondness
and regret is not one Izuku has seen before, but his eyes are just as kind as Izuku remembers.
“Hey Izukun,” the man says, “why are you crying?”
Ducking his head, Izuku scrubs at his eyes. He hadn’t even realized that he had started to tear
up, much less cry, and he wipes the tears away with frustrated swipes of his wrists. He isn’t a
baby, and the Bakugous shouldn’t have to with his tear duct’s hair trigger. Five years since he
has seen them, and he still hasn’t grown out of this childish habit. Mic squeezes his shoulder.
“Ah, come on kiddo,” Uncle Masaru says, a gently chiding tone that takes Izuku straight back
to his childhood, “you can’t cry. If you cry, then I’m gonna cry, and no one wants that.” It is a
familiar threat, one Uncle Masaru made nearly every time they interacted when Izuku was

small. He even followed through on a couple of occasions, stunning a toddler-aged Izuku out
of whatever fit he had gotten stuck in, then coaxing him into laughter with ridiculous jokes.
“No, we certainly don’t,” Aunt Mitsuki agrees. She appears from behind Uncle, not even
sparing a look to the heroes standing to either side before focusing in on Izuku. He hardly
gets a moment to look at her before she has him wrapped up in her arms.
Love you, kiddo.
I love you, too.
She had hugged him, then, long and tight. Aunt Mitsuki doesn’t hug like most other people
do. There’s no fitting together with her, no slotting limbs into corresponding places. She brute
forces her way through hugs just like she does the rest of life, wrapping herself around a
person and squeezing until they give in. Izuku does so willingly.
Aunt Mitsuki looks the same, sounds the same, smells the same, hugs the same – and for a
moment, Izuku feels like he is ten years old again, clinging to her, knowing that he’ll lose her
as soon as he lets go. He wraps his arms around her back, presses his face into her shoulder,
and pretends that he never left her embrace.
But Izuku hadn’t been crying, then. His mother had just been taken from him, one of the few
times in his life where he went so numb that tears were beyond him. And he had been
smaller. Aunt Mitsuki had needed to crouch down to hug him properly. Now, he is nearly as
tall as she is, only a couple of inches shorter, at most.
She pulls back. But she doesn’t walk away, and Kurogiri isn’t here to lead Izuku into a new
life. It has been five years. Five long years. She stares into Izuku’s face for a long moment.
The rims of her eyes are tinted red, but she smiles at him, the soft one that makes her look
nothing like Katsuki.
“It’s been too long,” she finally says, slightly gruff. “Next time you go five years without
calling I won’t let you off so easy.” For the first time, her eyes drift to Eraser and Mic,
standing silently in the background. “Sorry about that, didn’t mean to be rude. You must be,
uh–” she cuts off, squinting.
“Aizawa Shouta and Yamada Hizashi,” Uncle Masaru fills in. “Aizawa is Katsuki’s
homeroom teacher, as well.”
“Right. Well, come on in, we can talk in the living room.” Aunt Mitsuki holds Izuku by the
shoulder, guiding him or maybe unwilling to let go. The house seems surreal. Izuku recalls
long days of playing in these rooms, but none of the decorations are the same and all the
furniture has been shifted around.
“Where is the littlest Bakugou?” Mic asks, glancing around the house.
“The brat’s in his room. He’s been in a mood lately, refused to so much as make an
appearance. Eventually he’ll get hungry, and that’ll drive him out. Take a seat anywhere
you’d like.”

Izuku takes a spot at the end of the couch, with Mic next to him and Eraser half-standing
half-leaning on the arm of the couch. He glances down the hall as he does, towards Katsuki’s
room, stomach squirming. There was a grimness to Aunt Mitsuki’s words, as much as she
tried to force casualness.
Aunt Mitsuki sits across from them, sighing. “I have a lot of questions.”
“Ask away! We’ll tell you as much as we can,” Mic says, a friendly grin masking the
implication that they won’t tell her everything. She catches it anyway, eyes narrowing. Uncle
Masaru frowns beside her.
“When did you come back to Japan?” she asks Izuku. Then, with pointed looks at Mic and
Eraser, “Where’s your father? Did something happen? If you need somewhere to stay, you
always have a place with us.”
“Most of the details are confidential,” Eraser says.
“Confidential?” Aunt Mitsuki interjects, baffled and indignant.
“Yes. Akatani Hisashi was the alias of a villain, who is no longer in the picture. Izuku was
brought to hero attention during the USJ attack, and he is now a ward of UA.”
It is, perhaps, the most reductive telling of Izuku’s story possible, completely withholding
any mention of Izuku’s own misdeeds and dubious legal status. Aunt Mitsuki leans back,
blinking rapidly, as if those two, bare sentences have hit her like a blow. Mic reaches across
Izuku to smack Eraser in the knee, gaining nothing but an unimpressed look in response.
Izuku hangs his head and waits out the silence, shame churning in his stomach like curdled
milk.
Eventually, she whispers, “I let him take you.”
“Mitsuki–”
“No, Masaru! He was in our house, and I – I never liked Hisashi. I liked him even less after
he left. He came and went with Izuku within a day, and I let it happen! They didn’t even stay
for the funeral! And then not a word! No calls, no emails, no nothing, and I just – I thought it
was the way of the world. I thought ‘oh, I guess that’s it, then,’ and it was, but only because I
let it be! I was the adult! I should have looked into things, looked after you–”
“Please stop,” Izuku blurts, shell-shocked and distressed. Once again, he is crying, neck wet
and sticky from the tears that have dripped to his collar bones.
“I – I’m so sorry,” Aunt Mitsuki says, and she sounds it. Sorry for what, though? Sorry for
Izuku?
Rather than linger on that thought, Izuku asks, “She had a funeral?”
“Yes. Of course. It was beautiful. Small, but beautiful. Your mother was well-loved, Izu. I
still leave flowers by her grave whenever I can.”

“Grave?”
“…Yes. In the cemetery near–”
“Can we go there?” Izuku interrupts without thinking. He looks to Eraser because it’s him –
rational and unafraid to reject Izuku as he is – who will have the final say. “Now? Can we go
now?”
Logically, it makes sense that Izuku’s mother has a grave, somewhere. Izuku knew that she
was dead, and it follows that something must have been done with her body – either turned to
ash or sunk beneath the earth.
But at the same time, Izuku’s mother didn’t really die. She disappeared. One morning she
sent him off to school and then that afternoon the police came to tell him she was gone. And
the next day All for One came, and Izuku’s entire life started over, seemingly from scratch.
Midoriya Izuku died that day as surely as his mother had, and Shigaraki Izuku was left
behind, a boy who might as well have never had a mother at all.
That Midoriya Inko is still real, still exists in a way outside of Izuku’s memories and the
locket that weighs like lead against his chest has never occurred to him. And now that he
knows about it, Izuku wants – needs, with a ravenous desperation – to make that connection.
Eraser looks at him with a doubtful frown, and for a moment Izuku is sure the man will say
no. That the demand is too short notice, and the visit will need to wait for another time.
Instead, Eraser sighs. “How far is this place?”
“Not far,” Aunt Mitsuki answers, speaking quieter than Izuku is used to hearing her. Her
voice is nearly lost beneath the pounding of his heart in his ears.
“Alright then–” Eraser grunts as Izuku collides with him, quickly adjusting his balance when
he nearly falls from his perch on the arm of the couch. Izuku buries his face in the hero’s side.
Hands, newly freed from casts, pat Izuku on the shoulders and the obvious discomfort in the
gesture makes Izuku pull back, face hot.
“Yeah, alright, I get it kid,” Eraser says, stilted. “You’re welcome. I still have some business
to discuss regarding your son,” he tells Aunt Mitsuki. “It would be best if he was here for it.
Do you want to do that before or after?”
“I think it would be best for everyone if Izuku wasn’t here for that,” she says, frowning
towards Katsuki’s bedroom door. Eraser hums, noncommittal agreement. “Your friend and I
can take Izuku, then you can lure Kat out of his room for whatever it is. Masaru can fill me in
later.”
Mic and Eraser exchange a look, probably trying to figure out how to tell her that Izuku
needs constant supervision without revealing more information about the situation.
“Sounds good,” Eraser says. “Keep me updated, Hizashi.”

To Izuku’s surprise, that seems to be enough, though he doesn’t quite believe it until Mic is
starting the car.

Dear Dad,
Sometimes I wonder if you ever loved me. I want to think you did, but more and more every
day, there’s a part of myself that asks how you could love me and do what you did. How can
you love someone and treat them like they don’t matter? Or like they do matter, but not in the
right ways. Like what they can do matters, but not what they feel or want.
But maybe that’s hypocritical. Because I definitely loved you. I still do. Love you, that is. But
I did what I did, anyway. I’m sure it felt bad. I’m sure you didn’t want it. What you felt, what
you wanted – well, that did matter to me. It just didn’t matter enough. Other things just
mattered more. It had nothing to do with loving you.
Maybe you thought the same thing when you did the things you did.
Maybe we loved each other. But neither of us loved the other enough.
I’m sorry for not loving you enough. I’m sorry for not being enough for you to love.

Katsuki pulls his headphones over his ears and turns his music up, so he won’t hear when
Deku arrives. Then he turns it back down because he can’t stand not knowing. Back and forth
it goes – the desire for oblivion, the need for vigilance, Katsuki caught between them and
feeling sick no matter what he does.
Soon, Deku will be inside his house. Maybe he already is. Maybe Katsuki missed it while his
music was loud. He pulls his headphones down around his neck, listening hard for anything
other than his pulse. No talking. Not yet, then. More waiting, like he’s trapped in some kind
of fucking purgatory.
He could leave the house. Leave and come back near sunset. Surely by then the invasion
would be over, and Katsuki could pretend it didn’t even happen. Except the old hag would
never allow that. Katsuki already had to throw a category five fuss to get her to lay off him
about coming out and talking, like he and Deku were still a couple of buddy-buddy toddlers.
When the front door closes, it rattles Katsuki’s bedframe, just slightly. It shakes the very core
of him, an earthquake traveling down the fault lines of Katsuki’s entire fucking world view.

The last time Deku was in this house, he caught Katsuki’s eyes and said, “I think you were
right about me, Kacchan.” And god, at the time it had sounded like a death sentence. Death
had followed Katsuki home. Everything he thought he knew, everything that he had been
building his life around since he was four years old, was validated, was proven correct with
that single sentence. A confession. You were right about me.
Except Katsuki doesn’t think he was.
More often than he would like, Katsuki remembers the hollow, hopeless feeling of calling for
a quirk that doesn’t answer. Remembers the absence of everything that he was, how it was
stolen away when he wasn’t even looking. Now, he remembers listless eyes and a little boy
crying, “I don’t know what’s going on.” That recollection has the same hollow, hopeless
feeling as the first.
Ten years too late, Katsuki realizes that he wasn’t the only one who lost something that day.
But he might be the only one who actually got it back.
And it – it’s repulsive. Katsuki never knows how to admit when he’s wrong, and he thinks
this is the most wrong he has ever been in his life, has been for most of his life at this point.
He’s wrong and doesn’t know how to be right. He doesn’t even know what right is, apart
from not-him.
All he knows is he doesn’t want Izuku anywhere near him. He wants them to lead perfectly
parallel lives, a fixed distance, never intersecting. Safe, for both of them.
Because Katsuki thinks wrong around Deku.
“I’m not coming out!” Katsuki shouts at his door when his mother knocks. She should know
by this point to leave well enough alone.
An unexpected voice answers him. “Bakugou. Come out, we need to have a conversation.”
“Fuck you!”
“Izuku’s gone.”
It’s ridiculous, how the edges of the world become clearer with those two words. It’s fucking
stupid, it doesn’t make any sense, but Hobo-Sensei says “Izuku’s gone,” and all that wrong
thought crowding Katsuki’s mind fades into the background. He still has no desire to have a
“conversation” with his teacher, but he no longer feels like a fucking fort under siege. He has
no idea why he even felt that way to begin with.
Grudgingly, Katsuki stands and opens his door. Hobo-Sensei meets his glare with a bored
expression. He is already tired of Katsuki’s behavior and conveys that perfectly well without
hardly moving a muscle. Katsuki forgot how fucking good the asshole was at disapproving
expressions when he was all mummified, but now that he’s been unwrapped, he looks just as
bitchy as ever, the new scar under his right eye only adding to the effect.

Katsuki huffs as Hobo-Sensei leads the way to the living room without further word, as if
Katsuki needs to be lead around his own home. Pops is waiting there, and Hobo-Sensei
gestures for Katsuki to sit, taking his own seat across from them.
“What did you need, Aizawa?” Pops asks, too friendly.
“Starting Monday, Izuku will officially be a member of class 1-A,” Hobo-Sensei announces.
Katsuki’s ears ring, muffling whatever congratulatory bullshit his father is saying. Deku will
be in 1-A. Just a seat or two behind Katsuki unless they rearrange the entire classroom.
Katsuki knew about this. Hobo-Sensei had told the entire class that a villain from the USJ
may be transferring in as part of a rehabilitation program, and Katsuki knew that that villain
was Deku. Of course they would go through with transferring the nerd when he got third
place. Of course they would. Katsuki already knew about this.
But that doesn’t stop him from saying, “You can’t fucking do that!”
“Katsuki,” his father scolds. The reprimand is weak compared to the old hag’s.
“You can’t let him into the hero course, that’s my class! He doesn’t fucking belong there!
He’s a fucking villain–”
Katsuki is thinking wrong again. It creeps up on him. He spent so long thinking it was right
that he can’t recognize it anymore. Hobo-Sensei stares at him, unimpressed, letting the
silence sit for a moment in case Katsuki decides to go off again, and Katsuki bites his tongue
to stop the flow of sludge coming out of his mouth.
“I’m aware that the two of you have history,” Hobo-Sensei finally says. “That’s why I wanted
to give you another option. If you can’t handle being classmates, then Nedzu has agreed that
you could be swapped into class B–”
“Ex-fucking-cuse me?!”
“You could be swapped into class B,” Hobo-Sensei repeats blandly.
“Why not put fucking Deku into class B?!”
“Izuku has to be in my class. That’s an explicit requirement of the program he’s in.”
“I don’t understand,” Pops says. “Why can’t they be in the same class?”
“It’s important for classmates in the hero course to have some degree of trust in each other,”
Hobo-Sensei explains, ignoring Katsuki’s snarling. “They don’t all need to be friends, they
don’t even need to get along – but if, say, one student legitimately feared or hated another,
that could greatly increase the risk involved in many of the exercises we do. Hero training is
already a highly dangerous thing, but we do our best as heroes and educators to minimize the
potential of harm to our students.”
“And you think Katsuki and Izuku have a relationship like that? Katsuki wouldn’t – he’s a
good kid.” Pops has a little frown on his face, the kind that is fighting to be stern, but usually

needs the old hag around to back it up if it actually wants to get there.
“I didn’t mean to imply he wasn’t. But the situation is complicated, and all students deserve a
classroom setting where they can feel comfortable and safe.”
Like slipping into an ice bath, Katsuki realizes that Hobo-Sensei isn’t talking about Deku. He
looks at Katsuki with dark, overly-knowing eyes that make all the wrong parts of Katsuki’s
brain howl and screech. Katsuki’s old man is still frowning, darting little concerned looks
Katsuki’s way as if he won’t notice.
“What about his friends? It just – it seems like it would be a little hard, wouldn’t it?
Switching into a different class at this point when he doesn’t have to?”
Hobo-Sensei nods. “That’s something to consider. The rest of this term would proceed as
normal, but the hero course roster could be shuffled entirely at the beginning of next.
Bakugou would end up with old friends as well as potential new ones in 1-B. It hasn’t been
done before, but considering the unusually high amount of animosity between the two hero
classes this year, it wouldn’t be remiss, even apart from Bakugou’s involvement.”
“Hell no! It’s my fucking class, I’m not leaving because of Deku!”
Katsuki’s father looks at him doubtfully. “Do you really think something like that is
necessary?”
“It’s an offer,” Hobo-Sensei sighs. “That’s all. Feel free to accept or reject it. But Bakugou – I
will not tolerate any aggression in my classroom.”
“Rejected,” Katsuki snaps. He’s had enough of this. Hobo-Sensei and Katsuki’s father talk in
hushed voices behind him as he storms back to his room, but Katsuki can’t make sense of
their words over the roar of the fire that is eating all the oxygen out of his lungs.
Katsuki is not a problem that needs to be fucking solved. He’s a goddamned person, and if he
doesn’t want Deku in his fucking class, then he has his fucking reasons. Why does it never
occur to anyone that maybe Deku is the problem? No one ever stops to consider that the shy
boy with the big green eyes who cries at the drop of the hat could actually deserve every–
Goddamn it. Goddamn it. He’s thinking all wrong again! He needs to breathe.
Izuku is going to join 1-A.
And that’s fine. There are 17 other extras in the class, and Katsuki dislikes almost all of them.
He can ignore one more. Hell, Izuku is less obnoxious than the Robo Nerd, so it should be
easy. Just pretend he doesn’t exist, Katsuki does it all the time with everyone else. It’s fine.
Katsuki feels like he might be sick.
It should be so easy, but everything is wrong. In retrospect, exploding like this is obviously
stupid and unnecessary, but in the moment, everything feels so urgent and all-consuming. It
sticks to Katsuki’s thoughts like tar, sucking him under. He can’t shake it loose. He wonders
if a blast would do the trick.

Jesus fucking christ. What the fuck?
Stiffly, Katsuki forces himself back out of his room. He feels like a dog with its tail between
its legs and tells himself that it’s not cowardly when he’s walking towards something, instead
of running away. Reminds himself to breathe – but not that fast, that’s too fast.
“Hey!” he calls, standing at the mouth of the hallway, hand closed in a death grip around the
corner of the wall.
“Are you alright, Kat?” Pops asks. Katsuki doesn’t look at him, staring down Hobo-Sensei as
he tries to figure out how to say I have no fucking idea.
“I’m fucking staying in 1-A!” Katsuki barks. Hobo-Sensei raises an eyebrow. “But you said
if I wanted to – I don’t know, fucking talk to someone or whatever the fuck. You said you
could – set that up.”
Hobo-Sensei nods. “I’ll make you an appointment with Hound Dog on Monday.”
“Okay, fucking – fine! Thanks, I guess. Fuck you!”
When Katsuki gets back to his room, his legs are pathetically weak, and his throat is so tight
he can barely swallow. But he breathes a little easier.

Dear Katsuki Kacchan,
Kacchan, not Katsuki. Katsuki isn’t really worth talking to.
Our heights are still marked on the doorframe of your parents’ bedroom. There’s more marks
for you than me, obviously. Mine stop when we were five. Yours only go up until you were
eight. I imagine you got sick of it, by then.
I remember trying to stand up on my toes to seem bigger than I was, but Aunt Mitsuki would
always push me back down. You always huffed and slouched and crossed your arms and
wouldn’t stand up straight no matter how much she scolded you. You were still always taller.
Sometimes, I’m so jealous of you that it’s disgusting. Two parents who love you just enough.
Never need to worry about money. Admired by so many people. A golden path paved directly
to your dreams. I know it’s not as if your life has been perfect. Everyone has their issues, and
you’re certainly no exception. But the worst thing that has ever happened to you is me.
Imagine that. The worst day of your life, over with when you’re only four years old. I would
give anything for our worst days to have been the same, but my life just kept going downhill.
Really, you should be happy that I’m the villain of your story. I’m sorry I hurt you, Kacchan.
But it could have been so much worse.

Chapter End Notes

Mic, holding up Lucy: Dick cat
Aizawa: Leave him alone.
Mic: Silly little dick cat!
Aizawa: No!
Mic: Airhead. Useless baby man.
Aizawa: NO!!!
Mitsuki: Your friend and I –
Mic: I am his HUSBAND
Bakugou: Was anyone going to tell me that I was mentally ill, or was I just supposed to
have a breakdown and figure that out for myself?
Next Chapter: Explosion – Part IV
Update: May 20

Chapter 28: Explosion - Part IV
Chapter Notes

For clarification, Izuku has been in therapy since he became a ward of UA. This has
been mentioned glancingly a couple of times, and generally speaking his therapy (and
Katsuki’s) are very much background events. Therapy is important for them both, but
I’m unlikely to get into much, if any, detail about what happens in their sessions because
I don’t know shit about shit and that’s not something I’m comfortable talking out of my
ass about (research? I don’t know her).
Also, I usually try to confine my experimental narrative bullshit to a single part, but
there’s been a containment breach, so there’s more letter snippets this chapter, whoops.
Now – meme time
Cloud: X X X X X X X
Snowy: X
Surya: X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The dirt is spongey and slightly wet beneath Izuku’s knees. A chill eats through the denim of
his jeans, prickling against his skin as a breeze raises the hair on his arms. The smell of the
earth is gentle and soothing. The grass is springy, green, and well-manicured. Everything is
hushed, near silent.
It is a good place to rest, Izuku thinks. There is a body beneath him, resting eternally.
Is it as peaceful as it seems? Or does she toss and turn, churning up soil with stiff limbs?
Beneath his fingers, the tombstone is glossy and smooth. Letters are carved into the rock,
deep and bold, the edges slightly rounded over. He traces the characters, slow and
methodical, lets the message sink through his skin to his soul.
Midoriya Inko.
Loving friend and mother.
She was only 32 when she died, the headstone says. Somehow, Izuku didn’t know that. When
he was ten years old, his mother was still some ageless, super-human entity to him. He knew
her birthday, sure, but he hadn’t understood that she had been a child once, just like him.
That she had been born.
That she would die.

If only he knew then what he knows now.
The quiet in the graveyard is the kind that feels like it can’t be broken. Even the soft sounds
of nature are muted, leaves murmuring low and unobtrusive out of respect for the dead.
Anything Izuku might want to say feels like it is being scared back down his throat, all his
words knotting together in his chest with nowhere else to go.
His fingers feel slightly numb, but Izuku’s hands don’t shake as he fishes his mother’s locket
out of his shirt and pulls it over his head. It’s blood-warm in his palm. He strokes his thumb
over the hinge; the two halves align slightly crooked. The metal is dull and dented, hardly
shining beneath the light of the overcast sky. The chord doesn’t match.
The original chain had broken years ago. Izuku doesn’t remember how it happened, but he
remembers closing himself up in his room and crying on and off for over a day, he was so
brokenhearted. He had hidden the locket at the back of a drawer at first, tucked away behind
his socks because he couldn’t stand looking at it, but then he fished it back out and strung it
on the wire from a pair of broken earbuds and told himself that was good enough. A couple
of days later, he found a silver chain on his desk – thin and delicate, but sturdy and high
quality. Izuku thinks it was Kurogiri who put it there. The man never said anything about it,
but he was always doing things like that, small gestures that showed he was paying attention.
Izuku closes his eyes, closes his hand around the locket, and forcibly redirects his thoughts.
Of the many ghosts that haunt him, he is here for one in particular, and she deserves his full
attention.
Loving friend and mother.
“I love you,” Izuku finally says, “and I miss you.” Whispered, the words still sound too loud,
popping the fragile bubble of serenity that floats around this place, but they spill out like
water set loose as soon as he opens his mouth. He continues, “People always say the d-dead
are watching over us… I – I hope you haven’t been. You always told me there was nothing
w-wrong with me. That I was a g-good person. I – I don’t… I hope I haven’t t-taken that
away from you.
“It’s been – hard. And I – I haven’t always been… good. I’ve been – you’d be disdisappointed, I think.” He swallows roughly, digging a nail into the seam of the locket. He
can’t see the embossed details of it through the fog of tears in his eyes. “But I’m trying, now.
I’m really, really t-trying. W-watch me. I’ll be someone you can be p-proud of again.”
Grass and leaves rustle in the background as Aunt Mitsuki and Mic, standing a polite distance
away, move forward. Aunt Mitsuki removes her jacket, laying it on the ground to form a
barrier against the chilled dampness of the ground as she sits. Mic crouches down, laying his
arms over his knees.
“Your mother, she loved being pregnant,” Aunt Mitsuki says, looking from Izuku to the
headstone with sad fondness filling her eyes. “She had that whole cliché glowy bullshit going
on for her. Me, I just threw up a lot. So, when you were born, I’ll admit that a part of me was
spitefully glad. Katsuki was around two months old, crying and shitting nonstop, sleeping all
day except when I wanted to sleep – then the little brat was wide awake and needing

something. I was tired and grouchy, and sadistically pleased that Inko would be dragged into
the hell of having a newborn right alongside me. Misery loves company and all that.
“Except she wasn’t miserable. If anything, she only got happier after you were born. She
glowed even brighter. Which seemed fucking impossible to me. I was raising a baby of my
own and I was lucky enough to have a doting husband to help me – I had no idea how she
could be so happy doing it all on her own. And I thought – fuck, she must have had some
kind of miracle angel baby.” Aunt Mitsuki smiles, eyes unfocused. “I mean, she always
seemed like a bit of an angel herself, so I thought it would make sense.
“Then,” she continues, smile quirking wryly, “Masaru and I babysat you for the first time.
And sorry to break it to you, Izu, but you were no angel. Hell, you made Katsuki look like an
angel. You cried constantly. At first, I thought it was me. Maybe I was just bad with kids –
that wouldn’t exactly have come as a surprise. But no, Inko told me later that you were just
like that. The fussiest baby ever. And I saw enough evidence over the first couple of years to
believe it.
“Of course, Inko never seemed to mind. She just loved you so much. She didn’t care when
you kept her up all night. She didn’t get frustrated when you screamed yourself red in the
face, like a wrinkled little tomato. She was so happy to hold you, to watch you grow. Nothing
could dent that for her. Honestly, it was kind of beautiful to see.” Teasing, Aunt Mitsuki
nudges an elbow into Izuku’s side, “As long as I wasn’t the one who had to deal with your
crying.
“The point is, your mother loved you. More than anything. More than I even realized was
possible. Somedays, I thought she must have had a secret second quirk to love you the way
she did. I’m not stupid – I know there’s more to your story than Scarf Man said. That’s fine.
As long as you’re happy and safe, I don’t need all the details right now. And I don’t need
them to know that Inko was, is, and always will be proud of you, Izuku.”
Izuku bites his lip, breathing carefully around the tears that well up against his eyes and clog
his throat. He presses the backs of his hands against his eyes, cool skin soothing against the
raw, irritated heat of his eyelids.
Loving friend and mother.
For the first time, Izuku resents having his quirk suppressed. His mother’s headstone looks
barren, a cold grey monolith poorly serving memorial for such a warm and colorful life. If he
could, he would make her flowers. She liked tulips best – loved the shape of them, the colors,
the huge, picturesque fields where they were grown. The cuffs around Izuku’s wrists are
usually unobtrusive, familiar enough to fade from his notice, but now they feel cold and
heavy.
“There’s a lot to be proud of,” Mic says. Izuku startles at the unexpected break in the silence,
looking over. Mic doesn’t meet Izuku’s eyes, addressing the headstone with an
uncharacteristic lack of levity. “You raised an amazing boy, Ms. Midoriya. He’s strong and
brave and kind. The world is lucky to have someone like Izuku. I promise you that I’ll do
everything in my power to take care of him, to protect and guide him in your absence. Keep
watching,” he says, echoing Izuku’s own words, “your son is going places.”

Mic turns to Izuku, his smile gentle but strong in conviction. Izuku can only stare. Aunt
Mitsuki is staring as well, attentively soaking in every detail of Mic’s words and actions.
With a wink, Mic reaches over to ruffle Izuku’s hair, breaking some of the tension in the air,
but Izuku is still reeling.
From their first interaction, Izuku had Mic pegged, and that impression has only been
strengthened by the time they have spent together since. Mic is a good man – caring and
empathetic, forgiving and optimistic. A touch naïve. As a hero, he is certainly invested in
Izuku’s rehabilitation, but this is – this is too much.
No one is lucky to have someone like Izuku. Almost everyone is worse off for having met
him.
Mic and Eraser, who suffered through the loss of Eraser’s quirk and subsequent invasion of
their home. Izuku’s mother, whose body is cold beneath them. Katsuki, who lost his quirk
and his sense of security along with it. Aunt Mitsuki and Uncle Masaru, with a son who
couldn’t tell them about one of the most important events in his life. Tomura and Kurogiri,
betrayed and abandoned. Izuku’s father.
Izuku wonders if his father had a funeral. What did Tomura and Kurogiri do with the body?
How did they mourn? Did he get a eulogy? Was he buried? Does he have a grave
somewhere?
If he does, it must be unmarked. Izuku imagines it overgrown with weeds, forgotten by
everyone but the decomposers that make new life from old death. There is no carefully
polished tombstone for Shigaraki Hisashi. No flowers for a super villain. Did his father have
a favorite flower? No epitaph. What would it even say?
Shigaraki Hisashi.
Loving leader and father.
No. Kurogiri probably burned him. Less evidence that way. All that’s left is ash and
memories that taste like it.

Dear Mom,
I don’t actually know how you died. I think someone must have told me, but all I remember
is your mother has been in an accident. All the old news reports say is that a villain attacked
the hospital. Did they kill you? Were you crushed? Caught in the crossfire of hero
intervention? However it happened, I hope it was quick, painless. But I don’t actually know.
I know why, though. I used to ask all the time – why you, why us, why then, why that, why,
why, why? I think I was around thirteen when I figured it out. You died because All for One

wanted you to. Because I did something terrible, and you were trying to protect me. Because
we were going to go to the US. Because that’s where Dad was supposed to be, but he wasn’t,
and he never had been. Because he couldn’t let you take me away.
Three days later, you got caught in an accident.
Well, I guess I can’t say I know. I never actually confirmed it. I was too afraid to ask. Too
afraid of the answer. Most days, it already hurt enough to love him. How could I love him if I
knew for sure? And how could I keep going if I stopped loving him?
Maybe it was a coincidence, but people like All for One teach you not to believe in those.
Spiders in webs don’t happen upon their prey by accident. Everything happens for a reason.
Not good, divine, hopeful reasons. No. Usually, the reason is just that someone, somewhere,
wanted it to happen.
Death is the only solution some people understand.
I’m sorry. I should have asked. You deserved at least that much from me.

Shouta picks a random point near the wall of the Bakugous’ living room. He stares at the
brass handle of a side table drawer and sits completely still. It’s fidgeting in reverse – just as
uncomfortable, just as awkward, and just as telling if someone knows what they’re looking
for. Luckily for Shouta, the majority of civilians aren’t particularly good at reading atypical
body language, so he can usually get away with looking tired and aloof instead of painfully
out of his depth. Across from him, Mr. Bakugou fidgets fully, crossing and uncrossing his
legs, rubbing his palms over his knees.
Shouta never should have let Hizashi leave. That was a gross oversight on his part. Mr.
Bakugou is clearly confused by the exchange that just took place in his living room. Shouta
can’t blame him – the history between their kids is complex and apparently a complete
mystery to the Bakugous. But it’s not Shouta’s place to explain the old and new trauma their
son has been through or the myriad of ways that may be affecting him. Trying to do so would
be treading precariously along lines of confidentiality. Hizashi would know what to say.
Shouta, on the other hand, doesn’t, nor does he particularly care to fumble around and try to
figure it out. He would much prefer for them to mutually agree to sit here in silence until
Hizashi and Izuku return. Judging by Mr. Bakugou’s increased shifting and shuffling, such a
hope is futile.
Redirecting his attention from the corner of the room, Shouta’s eyes fall on the coffee table in
front of him, seeking a distraction. There’s a bottom shelf with several books and magazines
laid out, but there are two large, square volumes on top, one blue and one red, both with
golden gilt along their spines and the edges of their covers.

He clears his throat, nodding towards the books. “What are those?” he asks, bland and stilted.
“Oh! Photo albums. Feel free to have a look – Mitsuki got them out for Izukun. That was her
original plan for this afternoon. She spent all night gathering photos from all around to put in
for him. We figured he probably didn’t have many photos of his mother.”
Shouta reaches forward, snagging the red book, the thicker of the two, and dragging it into
his lap. Cracking it open to a random page in the middle, he is greeted by the beaming face of
a young woman. Shouta has only seen a handful of pictures of Midoriya Inko, but he suspects
that he would have recognized her even without any prior knowledge. Her features are soft
and round, the spitting image of her son, with the same wide, expressive eyes sparkling in her
face. Forest green hair, not as dark as Izuku’s near-black, half pulled into a bun, the rest
curling loosely down her shoulders. She stands, laughing, one hand hovering over her mouth,
besides a younger Bakugou Mitsuki. Shouta has seen echoes of her smile in Izuku’s, bright
and arresting.
“Our wedding,” Mr. Bakugou says, leaning forward in his seat so he can see what image
Shouta has landed on. “Inko was Mitsuki’s maid of honor. They probably spent more time
together that night than my wife did with me.” Despite his words, there’s no jealousy in his
voice. The smile on his face is nostalgic and fond, only slightly scuffed by persisting grief.
“They were close,” Shouta observes unnecessarily as he flips to the beginning of the album.
The very first picture is of Ms. Midoriya on her own, sitting on a couch with her feet tucked
beneath her. She has a book spread across her lap, but is glancing towards the camera, eyes
wide, red face half-hidden behind the curtain of her hair. She can’t be older than fifteen.
“Incredibly,” Mr. Bakugou replies. “More like sisters than friends, really. They met in high
school. Mitsuki was a few years older, but she got attached to Inko immediately. And when
Mitsuki gets attached, there’s no escaping.”
Escaping seemed to be a good word. The first few pages of the album are filled with pictures
of Ms. Midoriya, with and without Mrs. Bakugou, looking incredibly anxious either way. She
blushes and stammers and hides her face, shying away from the camera. As the pages turn,
she starts smiling, hesitantly at first, then brighter and brighter until she shines from behind
ink and plastic protection.
“I met them in college,” Mr. Bakugou says as years pass by with simple movements of
Shouta’s hands. “Probably the best thing that ever happened to me. Mitsuki, obviously, I love
dearly. Never would have imagined marrying her when we first met, but, well – she gets
attached. And Inko. She was a gem.” She grins in one photo, the leaves of a flower crown
blending neatly into the green of her hair. “She was always shy, anxious. Mitsuki took it upon
herself to act as her protector. Not that Inko needed it, really. She wasn’t brash or bold, but
she was plenty strong, in her own, understated ways. I always admired that about her.”
On the next page, Ms. Midoriya stands between Mrs. Bakugou and a man who Shouta has
never seen before, but recognizes instinctually. All three of them are smiling – Ms. Midoriya,
wide and sincere, Mrs. Bakugou, strained, and the man… Perhaps it’s confirmation bias, but
there is something insidious in his smile, a thin veneer over dangerous depths.

Izuku looks a lot like his father, Shouta acknowledges. The dark mess of his hair, the freckles
covering his cheeks. But his smile – he got that from his mother.
“Akatani,” Mr. Bakugou says after a heavy pause. “Hisashi. I didn’t know him very well.
None of us did, I suppose. There’s only a photo of two of him in there, I can take them out–”
He reaches out for the album, but Shouta pulls it away.
“He doesn’t have any photos of his father,” Shouta says, still staring at the immortalized face
of the boogey man that terrorized Japan from the shadows for centuries. Knowing what he
will do, has done, Shigaraki Hisashi looks far too innocuous.
“I… assumed he wouldn’t want any, given what you told us today.”
“Maybe he won’t,” Shouta agrees, “but he might. Either way, he can make that choice for
himself. The man was still his father, regardless of whether he was a good one, and the kid
loved him.” The words are sour on Shouta’s tongue and heavy in his chest. “There’s no point
in trying to erase history.”
Silently, Shouta continues moving through the pictures. There is, in fact, one more photo of
Shigaraki, though he is only in the background. Shouta flips past it.
Eventually, Mr. Bakugou clears his throat and resumes his commentary. “Pregnancy
somehow brought them even closer. Especially after Akatani… left. Mitsuki was terrified to
find out she was going to be a mother, but the moment Inko showed up at our door, sobbing
and laughing with her test still in hand, Mitsuki found her own resolve.”
On the page, Ms. Midoriya is caught up in Mrs. Bakugou’s arms. They sit on the floor, legs
clumsily tangled together, like they crashed down because they couldn’t stay standing. Mrs.
Bakugou clings like a limpet, her cheek, shining with tears, squished against Ms. Midoriya’s
shoulder. Ms. Midoriya has one of her own arms wrapped around Mrs. Bakugou’s back, the
other reaching toward the camera, palm up in invitation. Shouta imagines that Mr. Bakugou,
presumably the one taking the photo, soon found himself dragged into that embrace.
Shouta is stuck on that picture, fixated on the elation of a moment more than fifteen years in
the past. His thoughts are only diverted when the front door opens, slamming forcefully shut
a moment later.
“We’re back!” Mrs. Bakugou calls. A moment later, the group enters the living room. Izuku
trails behind the adults, eyes hazy and directed towards the floor. Shouta looks him over with
added perspective and finds himself just a little more appreciative than he was an hour ago.
This kid has been through so much, has so much potential, and he brought so much joy into
the world just by existing.
“How are you feeling?” Shouta asks. Izuku glances up and shrugs half-heartedly.
“I’m feeling.” He sounds subdued, but he musters a small smile for Shouta’s sake.
Unconsciously, Shouta smiles back.

“Whatcha got there?” Hizashi asks, sliding onto the couch. He leans against Shouta’s
shoulder, peering at the album, and then muffles a noise that cuts off somewhere in his throat
against Shouta’s neck. Hizashi pulls back, covering his mouth with both hands for a long
second, before squeaking at an inhumanly high pitch, but a tolerable volume, at least.
“Oh, so you found the photo albums, then,” Mrs. Bakugou says, side eying Hizashi as he
steals the album from Shouta’s lap into his own. Izuku creeps forward, curiosity breaking
through the lethargy of his expression like the sun through clouds. Catching sight of the page,
he makes a choked noise of his own, plastering himself against Hizashi’s side without a
second thought as he slots onto the couch. Hizashi lifts an arm so the kid can slide under it,
shifting the book so it rests on both their legs. The excitement in Zashi’s eyes is clear when
he catches Shouta’s gaze, but he nobly refrains from bouncing in place or otherwise calling
unnecessary attention to the contact. Mrs. Bakugou folds her arms on top of the back of the
couch, looking over their heads.
“That’s the day we found out about you,” she says, ruffling Izuku’s hair. “Never knew
someone could be as happy as Inko was that day. Of course, she set a new record when you
were born.”
“I thought she would never stop crying,” Mr. Bakugou recalls, coming to his wife’s side.
“They were good tears.”
Nestled against Hizashi’s side, Izuku nods. He pays no mind to the tears spilling from his
own eyes, tracing a reverent finger over his mother’s extended hand. All five of them linger
there for a long moment before Hizashi starts turning the pages, Midoriya Inko growing more
pregnant and more luminous as they go. Little fragments caught in time; moments suspended
in amber. Izuku is riveted by each one, devouring every last picture with hungry eyes.
And then Izuku is there in the photos, too.
Shouta has never found babies cute. They’re too small, their proportions make him
uncomfortable, and they’re generally blotchy and oddly colored. Freakish little alien
creatures that everyone swoons over. It baffles him, really. Izuku, it turns out, wasn’t any kind
of exception. In the photo, he is cradled in Mrs. Bakugou’s arms while she sits on the edge of
Ms. Midoriya’s hospital bed. Out of focus in the background, Ms. Midoriya is exhausted and
disheveled, but smiling radiantly as she brushes the back of her knuckles over her son’s head.
Baby Izuku’s face is red and scrunched, hair a stringy mess of indeterminate color, eyes
buggy and foggy, mouth open and tongue sticking out slightly. Babies are ugly, and Izuku
was an ugly baby.
Still, Shouta feels a vague affection bubble up in his chest, a turbulent feeling that mixes with
several varieties of regret. Regret knowing what that little baby is going to go through. Regret
for all the happiness saturating the moment, happiness that won’t last forever. More
disconcerting still, regret at the abrupt and heavy realization of fifteen years of life that
Shouta has hardly any awareness of.
“Shouta!” Zashi says, voice thin and high but tightly controlled. “Look at him!”

“I’m looking,” Shouta says dryly.
“The littlest listener!”
“I don’t think he was listening to much of anything when he was that fresh.”
“What – fresh? Sho, you don’t call babies fresh.”
“Do you have a better word, then?”
“How about young?”
Shouta shakes his head, unimpressed. “A two-year-old is young.” He jabs a finger at the
photo. “That’s fresh.”
“I hate you. Why are you like this?”
Shouta snorts, ignoring the question. Izuku, equally ignoring them both, pushes Hizashi’s
hand out of the way so he can turn the page himself. At this point in the album, many of the
pictures focus on the two children, documenting their growth. Izuku skims through pages and
pages of him and baby Bakugou – on playmats, in jumpers and walkers, with toys, staring at
each other with fuzzy infant awareness – searching for photos that contain his mother. She’s
still in a fair few of them, either as a focus or in the background, but once the children get to
be about four or so, there’s a drastic decline in material. Large stretches of time obviously
separate subsequent entries.
And then they reach the end. The last four pages of the album are empty.
Immediately, Izuku flips back to the beginning. While Izuku and Hizashi pour over pictures
Shouta has already seen, he reaches for the second album. Another ugly baby picture greets
him. Leafing through the pages shows more of the same but reveals a distinct difference
between this album and the last. The album still clutched in Izuku’s hands shared pieces of
both Midoriyas, as their family entwined with the Bakugous. All the photos contained Ms.
Midoriya and/or Izuku, but the majority also contained Mrs. Bakugou and later, her son. This
blue album, on the other hand, is all about Izuku. Even Midoriya Inko is hardly in the pages,
most likely because she’s the one behind the camera for nearly all the shots.
“Hey Scarf Man.” Shouta quirks an eyebrow, looking away from the album, up at Mrs.
Bakugou. “Let’s talk,” she says, jerking her chin towards the kitchen. Hizashi smiles when
Shouta meets his eyes, so Shouta carefully places the photo album back on the coffee table
before standing to follow her from the room. She leans against the counter, crossing her arms
in front of her and scanning Shouta over. He stands in the middle of the room, one hand
tangled casually in the loops of his capture weapon while he waits for her to speak.
“I want to know what your deal is,” she says bluntly, glaring in a way that most people would
probably find intimidating. Shouta, unaffected, can at least appreciate the firm and straight
forward way she speaks. “I’ve already got a read on your pal out there–”
“He’s my husband,” Shouta interrupts. “We’re married.”

Mrs. Bakugou blinks. “Oh. That makes sense. Well, whatever, that’s not the point. What’s
your deal?”
“My deal?”
“That’s what I fucking said, isn’t it? I want what’s best for Izuku. I would take him in myself
if I could, but I think there’s more than one reason that that wouldn’t work. If he’s going to be
staying with you, I’m going to damn well make sure that you want what’s best for him, too.”
“Ah,” Shouta says, understanding dawning on him. “Of course I do. It’s my job to take care
of him, and I assure you Mrs. Bakugou, I take my job very seriously.”
She narrows her eyes. “Bullshit,” she barks. Shouta blinks. “You’ve got a kid, now. I know
people say that parenting is a full-time job, and they’re right, but if that’s all it is to you,
we’re going to have a problem.”
“He’s not my kid,” Shouta says. The words sound callous and apathetic, making him wince
internally, but the distinction feels incredibly important. “I mean, I’m not his parent.”
“Fucking semantics,” Mrs. Bakugou dismisses with a wave of her hand. “You’re feeding him,
clothing him, housing him, right?” Shouta nods. “Then you’re raising him. Newsflash, that’s
all parenting is, doesn’t matter if you’re his actual parent or not. I want to know that you’re
gonna do this shit right. I want to know if you’re gonna care about him or just for him,
understand?”
“I’ve only known him for a few weeks,” Shouta says, brain still stupidly caught on you’ve got
a kid, now.
She scoffs, “So what? Inko knew a bundle of cells for less than an hour, and she was already
willing to kill and die for him. That’s what Izuku deserves.” Shouta stands very still,
resolutely not gaping at Mrs. Bakugou. At least, not in a way she can recognize. She sighs.
“Look. He’s a ward of UA or whatever, alright. But let’s say he wasn’t. Let’s say that
tomorrow whoever is calling the shots decides to release him into the system. Not your job
anymore, your job’s done. What would you do?”
It feels alien to consider. Not impossible, no, but – like an alternate reality, a parallel
universe. Shouta can easily imagine a world where Izuku is somewhere else. Maybe the
Commission, maybe Yagi, maybe some random foster family. He can see how these different
situations may have come about. But when he tries to apply that logic to here, to this life,
something freezes up, the gears of his thoughts catching and grinding to a halt.
Shouta hears himself say, “We would adopt him.”
“Well then, welcome to parenthood,” Mrs. Bakugou says with a sharp grin. “Call me Mitsuki.
I’m not going anywhere, so there’s no point with the formalities. What was your name
again?”
“…Aizawa Shouta.”

“Shouta, right. Shouta, Shouta, Shouta. Gonna have to remember that one. We’re practically
family now, after all.”

Dear Tomura,
I want to hit you in the head with a bat to get through your thick skull! How can one person
be so endlessly frustrating?! You’re smart but you’re so stupid! He’s dead!! He’s dead, and
that’s –
A lot of the time, I think I’ve made really bad choices. But sometimes, I wonder if maybe it
wasn’t me, maybe it was the options that were bad. Whenever I start to think things like that,
like maybe everything that happened wasn’t my fault, I feel guilty. But then I think of you
and all the people who would say that you’re making bad choices, awful choices, when I
know for a fact that you have never had a choice.
Until now.
I gave you a choice. I gave you one! You can do something else now!!
Please do something else.
I’m sorry he’s dead. Really, I am. I’m so fucking sorry, all the time, because I know you’re
hurt, and I’m hurt too, and all I can be about that is sorry. I know he was important to you, I
know, but you didn’t mean shit to him! And I’m sorry for that, too, because you deserve so
much more than that, but he doesn’t deserve your loyalty. He doesn’t deserve your loyalty, or
your affection, or your revenge.
Because this isn’t about him!! It’s not about him or me or anyone else – it’s about you,
Tomura! Don’t bother doing what you think a dead man would have wanted. What do you
want?
What do you want?
I don’t actually know. And that’s fucking terrifying. Maybe you actually want me dead.
Maybe I’ve given you a choice and that’s really what you’re going to do with it. Maybe you
don’t know how to want anything else, anymore. Maybe you don’t want to be saved.
God, Tomura, please. Please. Please–

Izuku is starting to recognize himself again.

The uniform still seems to fit him oddly, and he still doesn’t know how to tie a tie, and there
are still bags under his eyes, but the wrongness of it is being gradually worn away with
repetition. Every morning, he takes a moment to stare at his reflection and remind himself
that this is real, that this is him, that life continues undeterrably onwards and he is continuing
on with it. He flicks a piece of confetti off his shoulder and turns back to Lucy, snoozing in
his favorite spot on the middle of Izuku’s bed.
“Gonna wish me luck?” Izuku asks. Lucy, of course, doesn’t reply, curled up in featureless
white ball of fluff. Izuku pats the covers a couple of times, gaining Lucy’s attention, a head
emerging from the cloud of fur. “Wish me luck,” Izuku says when Lucy looks at him. Lucy
chirps.
It’s an inane interaction. Lucy always makes noises when he realizes someone is speaking to
him. It’s not like the cat has any idea what’s going on, not the faintest notion of all the
monumental ways Izuku’s life is changing so rapidly. Still, the little sound calms some of the
nerves rampaging in Izuku’s gut. Lucy twists on the bed, uncurling and wiggling around until
his head is close enough to Izuku’s hand to demand affection. Compliantly, Izuku cups
Lucy’s face between his palms, rubbing and scratching behind the cat’s ears and along his
neck.
As if sensing the soothing moment, Bastard interrupts, yowling and sticking a paw through
the open crack of Izuku’s door. A wide amber eye glares at him accusingly as she mutters
something nonsensical. Giving Lucy a final scratch, Izuku opens the door fully, allowing
Bastard to nip the hem of his pants before she darts back towards the kitchen. He follows at a
more sedate pace, hesitating only briefly before taking his now-usual seat next to Eraser.
The hero takes one look at Izuku, glowers, and says, “No.”
Izuku blanches. “No?” he echoes, fumbling the chopsticks he had just picked up.
“No,” Eraser affirms. “You’re not leaving the apartment like that.” He twists on his stool until
he is facing Izuku fully, gesturing for Izuku to do the same. “Now that I can actually use my
arms again, it’s time for you to learn how to tie a damn tie.”
“Aw, come on Sho!” Mic says, leaning over the counter to poke Eraser in the side of his head.
“The little listener has a style! I think it’s cute!”
Eraser glares. “You’re a dirty enabler. Undo that monstrosity,” he says to Izuku, more order
than request. “I’ll show you how it’s done.”
“You don’t even wear ties,” Mic says while Izuku does as he was told.
“That’s because they’re terrible and I hate them. I gained the right to forsake ties when I
made it in the underground.”
“Such a hobo,” Mic sighs. “Why do I always have to be the arm candy in this relationship?”
“Boo-hoo, you’re too pretty.”

Mic and Eraser continue to bicker back and forth while Eraser walks Izuku through the steps
to make his tie presentable. Izuku looks down at himself doubtfully when it’s done. The knot
is definitely smaller and neater, laying nearly flat against Izuku’s collar, but the tie hangs far
lower than he is used to. He tugs at it, feeling the answering tension around his neck. It seems
like a bit of a hazard, if he’s being honest. He glances from the tie to Eraser and back again.
“I, um – I kind of liked it better the other way?”
Mic laughs uproariously as Eraser’s head smacks against the counter. Izuku fiddles with the
strip of fabric, darting looks between the two. Eraser has gone seemingly catatonic, hair
covering his face. Still laughing, Mic rounds the counter, standing behind Eraser and
dragging the other man back into an embrace by the shoulders. Limp, Eraser allows it to
happen, but scowls fiercely at nothing to convey his discontent.
“Redo it however you like, Sprout,” Mic says, resting his chin on the top of Eraser’s head.
“You’re not technically breaking dress code, so you do you! It’s your uniform, your tie, your
first day!” For the sake of Mic’s enthusiasm, Izuku manages a weak smile, but the words
bring a fresh swell of anxiety, his stomach writhing like Bastard forced into a hug.
“Everything’ll be fine, kid,” Eraser says. “1-A is a good group, and you’ve already met half
of them. They won’t give you any issues, and if they try, I’ll put a stop to it.”
In general, Eraser is not half as comforting as Mic. He doesn’t even try to be, preferring to let
Mic take point on anything that might delve into messy emotional territory. In spite of this –
or maybe because of it – Eraser’s reassurance settles Izuku’s worries with admirable
efficiency. With Eraser, there is little comfort for comfort’s sake. There is no careful
encouragement in his tone, only factual confidence. Rational and logical, the kind of thing
Izuku can believe in without needing to have faith in anything.
“Ready to face the day, Greenbean?” Mic asks.
Izuku still can’t say yes and mean it. But the truthful answer’s not no, either, not anymore. He
takes a deep breath.
“Ready as I’ll ever be.”

Dear to someone,
You are a work in progress. Subject to change. Game footage not final.
I won’t pretend that you’re perfect because you’re not. You never will be. You’re very not
perfect. But there is still time to improve. We are all shaped by our choices, and there’s still
plenty left to make. Sometimes those choices will be the wrong ones, but you’ll have more

chances to get other things right in the future. And either way, you can live with it. You will
live with it.
I am the only person who will ever read this, but there’s something I think everyone needs to
hear, you and I included. It’s hard to really believe it, sometimes, but that’s all the more
reason to say it, often and loudly.
Remember:
You are better than the worst thing that you have ever done. And you are stronger than the
worst thing that has ever been done to you.

Chapter End Notes

Aizawa: Holy shit, we’re parents.
Mic: Just now figuring that out, huh? You always were a little slow on the uptake.
Aizawa: The kid. He’s our kid??
Mic: Mhmm, you’re doing great sweetie!
Izuku: I actually liked my tie better the other way
Aizawa: I’m glad that you’re asserting yourself! Pick something else to have an opinion
on.
Izuku: I am the only person who will ever read this.
Me: *sweating, trying not to think about how many fucking people are reading this*
Next chapter: Brainwashing – Part I
Update: Jun 3 or Jun 10
This seems like a good note to leave things on for a little pause. I’ll be taking a week or
two off to give myself a break and (hopefully) get the next arc organized. IGG’ll be back
soon, but if you want to stay in the know about any changes that may be made to that
schedule, join the Discord!

Chapter 29: Brainwashing - Part I
Chapter Notes

We’re back, thank you for your patience! Welcome to Hitoshi’s chapter, we’re kicking it
off with, well -- a lot of Hitoshi. Also, you’ll probably notice, but we’re briefly
backtracking to the day after the festival for this part.
Brainwashing will be a bit of a change of pace. The characters! The relationships!! My
EVENTUAL SHINDEKU!!! They must develop. I will once again be wrestling with
pacing, my eternal enemy. Let’s see how this goes down, shall we?
Discord memes!
Cloud: X X X X X
Soft: X X X X
Surya: X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

In a welcome change of pace, Hitoshi sleeps like the dead. Not so welcome is the waking up.
His whole body is sore and stiff in ways he didn’t realize it could be, his mouth tastes like
something died under his tongue, and his eyes resist creaking open, like doors with rustedover hinges. Bright light streams through the crack of his curtains, telling Hitoshi that the day
is already well on its way – exactly what day it is is a mystery though, because as far as
Hitoshi is concerned, he could have slept a handful of years just as easily as hours.
Hitoshi turns his face further into his pillows to spare his tender eyes from the sun, reaching
blindly for his phone. His arm doesn’t respond quite as intended, knocking into the corner of
his bedside table before flopping onto it like a dead fish with another clumsy movement. It’s
embarrassingly uncoordinated, even with no one around to bear witness, and pathetically
painful.
Hitoshi’s protesting hiss is muffled by his pillow as he finally closes uncooperative fingers
around his phone, bringing it close to his face to squint at the time. 10:08 in the morning.
And Hitoshi went to sleep – when? Well, he got home after the festival, raided the kitchen for
anything that required minimal effort to shove in his face, and then immediately crashed. He
can’t remember his dad ever coming home, so he must have been out before six. Sixteen
hours of sleep then, as a conservative estimate.
Hitoshi drops his phone next to his head and considers letting himself drift off again.
Sixteen hours or not, he definitely could go straight back to sleep, as exhausted as he is. After
exerting himself more yesterday than he has in his entire life combined up to this point, just
so much as moving his arm and doing a bit of simple mental math have already left him

feeling freshly drained and wrung out. He could probably sleep right through the weekend
and still amble into class like a zombie come Monday.
A clatter comes from the kitchen, loud enough that Hitoshi would have jumped if his limbs
weren’t currently comprised of bundles of wet noodles, bound together by ropes of fire. A
muffled curse punctuates the ensuing silence. Through walls and doors, the word is indistinct,
but it serves as a clear reminder – it’s only a matter of time before Hitoshi’s father forces him
out of bed. Either to eat, or just to make sure he’s alive, or – the truly dreaded possibility – to
talk.
The last time they talked was awkward. Hitoshi was on the brink of tears and his father
basically had to baby him down from the edge of a breakdown, all without Hitoshi ever
explaining why. God only knows what explanations his father came up with in his overanalytical therapist brain. Probably shit about how Hitoshi was overwhelmed and not cut out
for the hero lifestyle, the exact kinds of conclusions that Hitoshi was supposed to be proving
wrong, but what was he supposed to say?
Sorry Dad, but this harmless looking guy I’ve run into a few times apparently killed his
father, contemplated killing himself, and still might because he honestly didn’t seem to be
doing super well, but I’m not supposed to know any of that, I just overheard it like the nosey
fucking bastard I am, because it didn’t even occur to me that maybe there was a legitimate
reason for a private conversation to stay private – or maybe that did occur to me, and I just
didn’t care because I’m a selfish asshole and there was a chance that eavesdropping could
have benefit me – that is, until karma decided she’s had enough of my shit and kicked me
right in the teeth.
Yeah, that would have gone over real well, Hitoshi is sure.
The point is – the point is, Hitoshi wants to talk to his father even less than he normally does.
Which is saying something because he’s currently is his “rebellious teenaged phase,”
according to said father, which means Hitoshi is currently “exploring his independence,
categorized by a natural resentment toward authority figures.”
Another clatter – dishes rattling, a cupboard door falling closed – and Hitoshi forces himself
into action. His legs feel simultaneously tense and gelatinous as he rolls over and slides them
off the side of the bed, heels pulsing as they meet the floor. He dresses carefully in his softest,
laziest clothes, babying his aches and pains and moving slowly to avoid letting his father
know he’s awake. He opens his bedroom door silently, stealthily sparing half a glance inside
the kitchen. The room looks a mess, Hitoshi’s father humming to himself inside, occupied
with rummaging through the refrigerator.
Creeping past, Hitoshi leans against the wall by the front door while he slips his shoes on. He
pauses then, heart inexplicably pounding. There is an urge to just leave, to slip away unseen
and unheard. But he can imagine the look on his father’s face, opening the door to Hitoshi’s
room and finding it empty, and Hitoshi feels an intense and entirely unwelcomed guilt at the
thought alone.
He swallows the block in his throat, one hand already primed to go on the doorknob and
shouts, “I’m going out!”

Dishes clank against each other. “Hitoshi?”
“I’ve got my phone,” Hitoshi calls, hastily pulling the door open.
“Wait–”
“I should be back in an hour or two!”
Hitoshi slams the door shut behind him, shuffling away from his apartment as quickly as he
can tolerate. In his jacket pocket, his phone vibrates – once, then twice, before Hitoshi
silences it. He goes down the stairs cautiously, one at a time, testing the integrity of his knees
with each step, gripping the railing for dear life like a little old lady at risk of blowing out a
hip. Only once he’s at the bottom does he pull his phone out, checking his messages with a
grimace.
Dad --- 10:26AM
Alrighty then. Good morning to you, too
Just be home for lunch, ok? I have plans!
Stay safe, Jellybean
Heartrate finally calming from hummingbird to human, Hitoshi sighs, scrunching up his nose
at the old nickname. He sends a simple thumbs up in reply, sets his music to shuffle, and slips
his phone away. When Hitoshi decided to make a break for it, he admittedly didn’t have any
grand plans on where he was going to go. Now, he sets course for the cat café, an obvious
choice considering it’s practically the only place besides home or school where he spends any
time.
It's a walk that Hitoshi has made dozens of times, at this point. There is a certain hellish
novelty today, with his body protesting every step along the way, but it is still familiar and
unexciting. Zoning out to the well-worn measures of songs he has heard a thousand times, the
metronome pulse of blood through his limbs keeping time, Hitoshi pays no attention to the
people around him until he nearly runs into one of them.
A young boy is dragged out of Hitoshi’s path by an older woman, probably his mother.
Hitoshi, only noticing the kid a second before they would have collided hunches his
shoulders up and mutters an apology, stepping to the side to put more room between them.
The boy bounces back in Hitoshi direction, pointing and babbling something to his mother,
who meets Hitoshi’s eyes and points to her ears.
Hesitantly, Hitoshi removes his earbuds in time to hear the boy shout, “UA!”
The mother smiles. “Sorry, are you Shinsou Hitoshi?”
“Huh?” Hitoshi asks.
“You’re the boy who won the first-year sports festival, aren’t you?”

“Oh, uh, yeah? I mean, yes, I am.”
“I told you so!” the boy yells, rocking up and down on the balls of his feet. His mother places
a hand on his head, smiling turning from polite to fond. “You beat that blasty shouty guy! He
was scary!”
Thoughtlessly, Hitoshi agrees, “Yeah, he was.” The mother hides a small laugh behind her
hand and Hitoshi flushes, shifting from foot to foot as his hands ball into fists in his pockets.
“Congratulations,” she says kindly.
“Congralation!” the boy parrots poorly. “When I’m big, I’m gonna win the sports fes’val
too!”
“Good luck,” Hitoshi offers when the boy stares at him expectantly. As lame as the words
are, coming out sounding more like a question than an encouragement, the kid grins, showing
off the gaps between his teeth.
“Thank you,” the woman says, the gratitude in her voice sincere and, in Hitoshi’s opinion,
disproportionate. “Now come on, Aki, Daddy’s waiting for us.”
“Daddy!” the boy cheers, running ahead.
“Have a nice day,” the mother says before following after him.
“You too,” Hitoshi returns, a second too late as she’s already gone, calling for her exuberant
son. For a moment, Hitoshi stares after them, watching as the woman catches up to the boy
and reels him to her side.
Hitoshi’s mouth purses around a grin, rubbing his hand over the heated back of his neck. He
turns away, putting his music back on but keeping his eyes on the scattering of people
walking around him. How many of them recognize him, now? How many people are thinking
about Shinsou Hitoshi today, who didn’t even know he existed this time yesterday?
The thought is as horrifying as it is wonderful, pride and validation filling his chest just as
insecure paranoia crawls across his skin. After deliberately flying under the radar for so long,
Hitoshi isn’t accustomed to any attention, much less the positive variety. He pulls his hood
up, and as oversized as his jacket is, it creates shadows that he can sink into, keeping his head
down for the rest of his walk.
“Hello and welcome!” the girl behind the register greets as the bells over the café door
announces Hitoshi’s arrival. Hitoshi glances around, taking note of the few other customers
seated around the place before removing his hood, running a hand through the disarray of his
hair.
“Shinsou!”
Hitoshi jumps slightly, looking to the girl who is now leaning half over the counter. As
surreptitiously as he can, he glances at her name tag. Sonoda Teruko, right. You’d think he’d
be able to remember her name by now, but no. He can remember the exact words she said to

him the last time he was here – it’s an encouragement muffin, plus ultra and all that, I’ll be
rooting for you – but her name always escapes him.
“Uh, good morning,” he mumbles. Sonoda grins as if he has said something worthwhile.
“You want your usual?” she asks. “It’s on the house!”
“What? Why?” Hitoshi blinks, scanning over the papers pasted around the counter and the
boards behind it, wondering if he has missed some sort of event or promotion.
Sonoda laughs. “Because you won, duh!”
“You saw that?”
“Of course I did!”
Okay, that was admittedly a very stupid question on Hitoshi’s part. Nearly everyone watches
the sports festival and Sonoda had told him that she would be the last time he was here –
another thing he specifically remembers in place of her name. Blood prickles in the tips of his
ears as Sonoda laughs again.
Jesus christ she must have seen him break his hand on that blonde asshole’s face. The whole
country did. And they all saw Bakugou make an absolute joke of him, only for Hitoshi to win
by flopping about like a brat throwing a tantrum. Sure, they also all saw him standing in first
place on the podium with a gold metal around his neck, but his nose had started bleeding
again partway through the ceremony and his shirt collar was already stained beyond any hope
of repair and he had probably looked like absolute shit.
“So, the usual?” Sonoda prompts.
“Right. Yeah, uh, that’d be good.” Belatedly, he adds, “Thanks.” He stands there for another
awkward moment, wondering how the hell he is meant to disengage without being rude, then
makes an awkward gesture behind him. “I’m gonna – yeah.” Turning around before any other
garbled nonsense can come out of his mouth, Hitoshi lets Sonoda get on with her job while
he takes a seat in his usual booth.
Apricat is quick to join him, muscling his way into Hitoshi’s lap while Hitoshi takes out his
phone and opens up his internet browser. He doesn’t even need to do a search to find what
he’s looking for. Right at the top of his homepage is an article about the sports festival
results, and clicking on it, scrolling down to the section on the first-year festival, shows
Hitoshi a photo of the winners’ podium. There he is, in high resolution.
“Look,” Hitoshi says quietly, holding the screen in front of Apricat’s face. “I told you I’d
win.” Apricat shoves the phone away with a paw, and Hitoshi scratches idly behind the cat’s
ears while examining the image himself.
He does, in fact, look as bad as he feared. Worse, even. Pale and bloody, with just a hint of
smug satisfaction, overshadowed by strain and exhaustion. Bakugou stands in second place
with hardly a scratch on him, jaw set with simmering anger, eyes vacant and distant. Shoji

and Midoriya share third place, both entirely unreadable. There’s a crack on Hitoshi’s screen,
running right between Midoriya’s too-big too-green eyes.
Midoriya should look small, Hitoshi thinks. He’s easily the shortest on the podium, on the
lowest step, and standing besides Shoji, who makes even Hitoshi seem short. It’s the perfect
combination of circumstances to make Midoriya look tiny, but he doesn’t, not to Hitoshi.
Maybe it’s the extra context Hitoshi has, looking at the picture. Maybe it’s something in the
way Midoriya holds himself.
Hitoshi locks his phone, tipping his head back against the window with a sigh. Apricat rubs
his head against Hitoshi’s knee.
“Before you say anything,” Sonada says as she approaches the booth, “I know you didn’t
order it.” She puts his drink on the table and places a muffin beside it. She smiles crookedly.
“It’s a victory muffin.”
“Victory muffin,” Hitoshi echoes.
Sonoda’s smile falters slightly. Some of her playfulness is washed away by nervous
discomfort and, as relatable as that may be, Hitoshi grimaces and curses himself for making
everything weird. In the future, he really needs to learn how to smile and say thank you like a
normal person. God, he wishes he could just be a dick all the time, to everyone. That’s so
much easier.
“Yeah, because you – well, you won,” Sonoda explains. “So – victory muffin! It’s just – you
were super cool, you know. I had no idea you were in general education, but you still won. I
don’t think that’s ever happened before! So you deserve a muffin!” With each sentence, she
regains confidence, issuing her final words almost like she is daring him to challenge her.
Instead of doing so, Hitoshi says, “Thanks.”
She grins. “You’re welcome! I, uh, well I’ll be at the register. Let me know if you need
anything! And congratulations, by the way. You were – you were great!”
While Sonoda returns to work, Hitoshi drags his victory muffin closer, smiling to himself,
small and private.
A few days ago, his encouragement muffin had tasted bittersweet. It had been kind of
pathetically uplifting for Hitoshi, to have someone encourage him, to have someone root for
him. But of course, he had realized that the person rooting for him didn’t actually know him,
or anything about him. Didn’t know his quirk – and in Hitoshi’s experience, his quirk has
always been the breaking point. Now, though, Sonoda must know. Anyone who paid attention
to the festival would know. But Sonoda still thought he did great. A woman still let her son
speak to him on the street. A little boy still heard good luck and grinned, like those words,
from Hitoshi, actually meant something.
It's because he won, he knows that. Things would be different if he had placed any lower.
Everyone has to fight for respect and recognition, but even more than that, Hitoshi has to
fight for decency and kindness. Just for the moment, though, he swallows down the bitterness

of that awareness and focuses on the sweetness of having won, at least this fight, at least for
now.
For the moment, Hitoshi savors his drink and his victory.

When Shouta knocks on the door to the Shinsou’s apartment, he forces himself to feel
grateful that he has finally gotten those god forsaken casts off, rather than focusing on how
little he wants to be here. It’s great to be able to knock properly on a door after weeks of
having his movements restrained. He would really rather not to have to knock on any doors at
all, but he can and that’s the important part.
A second after the door opens, the man behind it raises his eyebrows, curious and assessing.
Shouta, realizing belatedly that his attempt to deflect his disdain for home visits has failed,
smooths the scowl off his face. The man – Shinsou Toshiyuki – smiles politely in response.
He is tall, with the same gravity-defying hair as his son, though his is shorter and a pale blue
color that makes something deep in Shouta’s chest twist. There is flour powered across his
shirt, and he scans Shouta over with vibrantly purple eyes.
“Dr. Shinsou?” Shouta asks blandly.
“That’s me,” the man confirms, leaning against the door frame. “How can I help you?”
“Aizawa Shouta. I’m faculty at UA. Can I come in?”
“Of course,” Dr. Shinsou agrees, stepping aside to allow Shouta through. “Hitoshi is out right
now, but he should be home soon enough. I’m assuming he’s why you’re here, correct me if
I’m wrong.”
“You’re not.”
“Give me a moment and I’ll call him,” Dr. Shinsou says as he leads Shouta to a small living
area. “Go ahead and make yourself comfortable. Sorry there’s not much room, it’s usually
just the two of us.”
As Dr. Shinsou makes his call in the kitchen, Shouta seats himself on the couch and takes the
opportunity to take stock of the space. Careful observation is never remiss when making a
home visit, but especially with kids like Shinsou, it can save lives. A quirk-based society can
be a hard place to live, a place where some people are punished for living at all.
Brainwashing has doubtlessly gained Shinsou negative attention through the years, though to
what extent, Shouta will have to find out. A home visit, as distasteful as they are, is an
excellent starting point for that assessment. Regardless of any ideals about family and
unconditional love, homes certainly aren’t safe from quirk discrimination.

From what Shouta can tell, the apartment is on the smaller side. Shinsou Toshiyuki, a
psychiatrist held in good esteem, could likely afford a larger place, but what they have is still
big enough for two people. The place is messy, though not dirty, with papers, books, and the
occasional glass scattered around the side tables. The walls are bare, no photos or other
decorations hung around or slotted onto shelves.
“Well,” Dr. Shinsou says, coming back into the room. “He didn’t pick up.”
“I can come back another time,” Shouta offers, eyeing the man carefully.
“He should be home soon enough, if you don’t mind waiting. He’ll get sulky if he finds out
he missed you. This is about a transfer, isn’t it? He won the festival so now he gets an
opportunity to join the hero course.”
“Yes,” Shouta confirms. “I’d rather wait to discuss it until your son is here. I don’t like
repeating myself.”
“Maybe it’s for the best that he’s not here at the moment. I have some… doubts about the
situation.”
“Oh?” Shouta asks. He tenses only slightly, but Dr. Shinsou clearly catches the change,
watching Shouta with sharp and calculative eyes. Shouta watches back. After a moment, the
man blinks, looking away, frowning slightly.
“I’m afraid he’s not suited for it.”
Shouta takes a deep breath, keeping his voice level as he begins, “If this is about his quirk–”
“No,” Dr. Shinsou interrupts, surprisingly forceful considering how placid he has been so far.
“This has nothing to do with his quirk. At least, not in the way you’re assuming.”
“What way is it, then?”
Dr. Shinsou rubs a hand over his face, face contorting as he thinks. He pinches the bridge of
his nose.
“Heroics are inexorably tied with quirks,” he says, visibly weighting his words. “I know the
quirks of the top 25, at least, right off the top of my head, and I don’t even care about those
things. There’s a whole sociopolitical structure built around quirks, and heroics is the very
foundation of that structure. We all live in it, but heroes are entrenched. They live and die by
their quirks and Hitoshi… with a quirk like his, it feels like digging him a grave.”
“Heroics is an inherently dangerous field,” Shouta agrees, “but your son has an amazing
quirk to minimize that risk, both to himself and countless others.”
“I’m glad you think so,” Dr. Shinsou says with a humorless laugh, “but I’m not talking about
physical danger here. I have concerns about that, as well – it’s only been a few weeks since
half of the hero course got assaulted by villains at the USJ – but I’m talking about his mental
well-being.

“You are the first person who has ever told me that Hitoshi’s quirk is amazing. And don’t
misunderstand me, Mr. Aizawa – I fully agree with you. But to everyone else… well, they all
call him a villain.”
“Quirk discrimination is rampant in our society,” Shouta says, intending to show that he
understands the issues Dr. Shinsou is wrestling to explain. “But your son isn’t a villain. He
has a chance to be a hero. A chance I’m assuming he’s been dreaming about for years.”
“His entire life,” Dr. Shinsou sighs, resigned.
“Not many people are lucky enough to have their dreams come true.”
“And when that dream becomes a nightmare?”
Shouta doesn’t reply. What is he meant to say to that? When Shouta himself was Shinsou
Hitoshi’s age, he dreamed of being a hero. Then he became one. And along the way people
died – villains, victims, children, friends. Nearly Shouta himself on more than one occasion.
Most days he’s lucky to get a few hours of sleep before nightmares jolt him awake again.
Despite that, Shouta doesn’t regret dreaming to be a hero and at the end of the day, he can’t
even bring himself to regret waking up, opening his eyes to reality, even as painful as it is. He
doubts a parent would find any comfort in that, though.
“You know,” Dr. Shinsou says softly, “everyone cares what other people think about them.
It’s basic human nature. Hitoshi is good at pretending he doesn’t, but really, he cares even
more than most. He thinks things will be better if he becomes a hero, that people will finally
give him the fair chance he deserves. He does everything he can to prove people wrong about
him, but it never – I’ve been watching it happen for over a decade. Everything begins and
ends with quirks. When Hitoshi was three, he was just another kid. When he was four, he was
a brainwasher. Even his mother–
“As soon as people know, that’s all he is to them. People don’t like the idea of Brainwashing.
They especially dislike the idea of a hero with Brainwashing. And people are incredibly
cruel.”
“So what?” Shouta asks, a touch harsher than he intends. “You want him to pretend he
doesn’t have a quirk at all? Cower beneath that cruelty instead of rising above it?”
“If that would keep him safe and happy, then yes.”
“Would it?”
“Safe, maybe,” Dr. Shinsou admits, “but not happy.”
In the kitchen, a buzzer rings, shrill and harsh. Dr. Shinsou inhales and exhales, precise and
measured. He stands, brushing his hands against his trousers, and offers Shouta a small smile,
weak but not wholly fake.
“Sorry,” he says, “I have a cake in the oven. I’ll just be a minute.” Sure enough, a minute
later he leans back against the living room wall and pins Shouta with a heavy stare. “He

should be home any minute now,” Dr. Shinsou says, holding up his phone.
“Are you going to try to prevent his transfer?” Shouta asks bluntly. In that case, it would be
best for Shouta to leave now. If Dr. Shinsou doesn’t approve a transfer, then there’s nothing
Shouta can actually do about it. It would be cruel to make the kid an offer if it’s going to end
up being an empty one.
“I love my son,” Dr. Shinsou replies after a silence that lingers just a second too long for
Shouta’s liking. “I’m incredibly proud of him. I think he could be amazing, if the world
would let him be.”
“That’s not an answer.”
Dr. Shinsou shakes his head, weary. “No, Aizawa. I’m not going to stop him. But I’ll be
expecting you to help me keep him safe. Not just from the villains.”
“Of course,” Shouta agrees without hesitation. “That’s my job.”
“Well, you’ll have your work cut out for you.”
With perfect timing, the front door opens, banging loudly against the wall. Fervently, Shouta
hopes that the second half of the conversation is easier than the first.

The next time Hitoshi checks his phone, he sees what fills every teenager with dread.
2 missed calls --- Dad --- 11:31 AM
Dad --- 11:32 AM
Is your phone silenced again? You know you’re not supposed to silence your phone when you
leave the house.
Hurry home when you get this
Don’t worry, nothing’s wrong. We have a guest – I think you’ll like them :-)
Hitoshi --- 11:49 AM
omw
pls stop putting noses on your smilies
its weird

Thankfully, by the time Hitoshi notices the messages, he’s already halfway back to the
apartment, so it takes him less than ten minutes to make the rest of the walk, even at his
slower-than-average pace. The front door knocks into the wall as he opens it, knob banging
into the small divot that’s formed from doing the same thing a few too many times over the
years. Hitoshi winces, closing the door much more gingerly than he opened it.
“I’m home!” he calls, teetering in the entry way as he tries to toe his shoes off without
leaning down.
“Welcome home!” his father calls back. “We’re in the living room!”
Equal parts curious and nervous about their unexpected company, Hitoshi peaks around the
wall into the room before committing himself to entering. There is a man on the couch,
though he looks more like a shadow than a man. Barring a thin, pale grey scarf that’s looped
endlessly around his neck, the man is dressed in all black, with matching hair, stubble, eyes,
and eyebags. Besides the scarf and a ragged scar along one of his cheekbones, the man is
remarkably unremarkable. The moment Hitoshi pokes his head past the wall, the man’s eyes
find him, and he rises from the couch. Standing, he’s nearly a perfect middle ground of height
between Hitoshi and Hitoshi’s father.
“Hitoshi, this is Aizawa Shouta,” Hitoshi’s father introduces. “He’s from UA.”
“I’m the homeroom teacher of class 1-A,” Aizawa adds.
Holy shit, Hitoshi thinks.
“Holy shit,” Hitoshi says, words slipping out without his permission. “Am I – are you here
for the reason I think you’re here for?” It sounds stupid, especially with the breathlessly
surprised way Hitoshi says it, but he doesn’t want to assume, filled with a sudden, preemptive
mortification at the thought of being mistaken.
Aizawa raises an eyebrow. “Why do you think I’m here?”
“Oh, uh–” Hitoshi falters, running a hand back and forth through the hair at the nape of his
neck. “Well, I won the sports festival? So, yeah.” Aizawa stares at him, eyes flat and bored
but intensely focused. Hitoshi forces himself to stand up straighter, rolling his shoulders back.
“I beat the hero students, so I should be transferred to the hero course.”
Aizawa is silent for a moment, and Hitoshi is abruptly, absurdly positive that the man is
actually here for a survey or something equally as innocuous, but he forces himself to stand
his ground, matching Aizawa’s disinterested look with one of his own. Hitoshi beat the hero
students. He should be transferred to the hero course. Both of those things are true, even if
that’s somehow not why Aizawa is here.
“You will be,” Aizawa says after a dizzying pause, “if you put in the work. Sit down, there
are conditions.”
“Conditions?” Hitoshi repeats as he takes a seat on the couch. Aizawa sits on the other side,
and Hitoshi’s father makes a quick trip to the kitchen to grab a chair so the three of them

don’t have to awkwardly cram together on the single piece of furniture.
“Your transfer is dependent on your success in a training program. We’ll need to get you up
to snuff before you can officially join 1-A.”
“Up to snuff?” Hitoshi asks. He is conscious of the fact that he sounds a bit like an echo,
repeating everything Aizawa says back to him, but Hitoshi is too indignant to worry about
that for the moment. “I won the festival; I think that makes me ‘up to snuff.’”
“It doesn’t,” Aizawa counters mercilessly. “You don’t even know how to throw a punch.”
Hitoshi bristles. “I got the job done!”
“Do you have any physical training?”
“I have a mental quirk.”
“All the more reason to have physical training. I’ll take that as a no.”
“Aizawa,” Hitoshi’s father begins, a hint of warning in his tone that Hitoshi simultaneously
appreciates and resents. Aizawa waves him off.
“Look, I’m just telling you how it is. Your quirk has potential but relying on it exclusively
will get you nowhere. In a training setting, especially, it will be useless to you more often
than not. Your future classmates will learn your tactics sooner rather than later, and if you
have no physical training to fall back on, you’ll be putting yourself and your peers in
unnecessary danger. Most of 1-A have physical quirks, and at this point in the year, they all
have weeks of foundational heroics training that you’re lacking.”
Glaring at the floor, Hitoshi grits his teeth. It’s the same rhetoric he’s been hearing for years.
Mental quirks are inferior to physical quirks. His own quirk is so easily countered that it may
as well be useless. Even after winning, even after definitively proving that he can hold his
own against the hero brats, he still has to jump through hoops to stand toe-to-toe with them.
“Shinsou,” Aizawa says sharply. Hitoshi shifts his glare from the floor to the man. “I’m not
saying you are any less capable than they are. I’m saying that, as long as you apply yourself
to training, you will transfer to and graduate with 1-A, but you will do so in the way that best
ensures your success and safety. Understand? I’m not here to baby your ego.” Grudgingly,
Hitoshi nods.
“Alright then. If you agree to what principal Nedzu and I have arranged, your training will
begin on Monday. After classes, four days a week, you’ll be with me and another student.
Lessons will be rigorous but flexible, depending on what you want to learn and what you
need to know. Together, we’ll develop a diet and exercise regimen that you’ll be expected to
follow. Two weeks from now, when hero students begin their internships, you’ll be doing a
modified internship of your own with me. During final exams, your progress will be
assessed. If everything goes well, you’ll be officially joining 1-A next semester. Any
questions?”

“What about his regular studies?” Hitoshi’s father asks, while Hitoshi himself just blinks
dumbly, turning the new information over in his head.
“He’ll be expected to keep his grades up, but if he starts struggling, we can provide additional
academic support. Ideally,” Aizawa says to Hitoshi, “if you ever feel overwhelmed, you will
let me know. You have potential. I want to help you reach it. But I’m not going to tell you that
any part of this will be easy. Communication will be essential in solving problems before
they can escalate.”
“This is a lot,” Hitoshi says.
“It is,” Aizawa agrees. “Can you handle it?”
And really, who ever knows what they can handle until they’re face-to-face with it in real
life? It’s a question whose answer really only exists somewhere in the future. Yes, say the
arrogant. No, say the insecure.
Hitoshi says, “Let’s find out.”
Aizawa grins at him, and it’s even more intimidating than the blank look from before. Hitoshi
grins back.

Chapter End Notes

Stranger: Woah, are you that kid who won the sports festival?
Hitoshi, internal: Oh jesus, I’m not used to this kind of attention. Just play dumb.
Hitoshi: What sports festival?
Hitoshi, internal: Not thAT DUMB!
Dr. Shinsou: You have to pick your battles
Hitoshi, contrary, full of spite: *picks all the battles*
Dr. Shinsou: No – no, that’s too many. Put some back
Next chapter: Brainwashing – Part II
Update: Jun 17

Chapter 30: Brainwashing - Part II
Chapter Notes

How the HELL is this chapter over 8k? The answer is simple. There are two things that
ALWAYS get out of control, even when I just want to write a nice little scene:
1) Kids being silly
2) Hitoshi’s internal monolog

See the end of the chapter for more notes

With his head down and his arms held stiffly by his sides, Izuku trails after Eraser through the
doors of class 1-A. The students, chattering to each other about the sports festival and the
ensuing attention they’ve been receiving, fall quiet quickly, staring at Eraser with disciplined
attention that is quickly stolen by Izuku’s presence. He fights the urge to sink into Eraser’s
shadow as several people start talking, overlapping questions surging up from the class.
Scowling, Eraser waves an arm for silence.
At the motion, Asui observes, “Your bandages are gone. I’m glad.” Eraser’s scowl persists,
but some of the harsh irritation of it softens.
“Screw the bandages!” Kaminari interjects, leaning so far forward over his desk that he is
practically on top of it. “Who’s the kid?”
“Bro, that’s Midoriya,” Kirishima says in a stage whisper. “He placed third in the festival.”
“I know that. I mean – what’s he doing here?”
“He’s joining the class, obviously. You saw him, didn’t you? He was super manly!”
“Shut up already!” Katsuki snaps from his own seat. Izuku stares resolutely at the desk in
front of him – it’s Shoji’s, Shoji who knows and is watching Izuku silently.
“Right, Sensei?” Kirishima asks, ignoring Katsuki. Izuku’s heart spasms at the title, but he
swallows down the uncomfortable memories and focuses on the present. Eraser huffs an
annoyed breath through his nose. In the corner of Izuku’s vision, Eraser’s hair rises, twisting
through the air. His students stop speaking automatically, though several of them still look as
if they are barely containing their expectant excitement.
“This is Midoriya Izuku,” Eraser says flatly. “Starting today, he’ll be joining you for some of
your classes.” Izuku takes the introduction as his cue, bowing deeply enough quickly enough
that his eyes go slightly fuzzy for a split second. He blinks at the tile floor, the rush of blood
in his ears mixing with the exclamations of the class like exuberant and anxiety-inducing
static.

“Please take care of me!”
An abrupt hush falls over the room again as Izuku straightens up. Eraser stands behind him,
quirk no doubt active once again to get the class to come to heel. In the front row, Aoyama
waves to catch Izuku’s attention, winking when they make eye contact. Izuku manages a
small, nervous smile in return.
“Control yourselves,” Eraser orders, unamused. “Midoriya, take a seat.”
It takes Izuku a fraction of a second too long to realize that he’s being spoken to, not
immediately connecting the direction with the use of his surname. A slight clearing of
Eraser’s throat, graciously not loud enough to catch the attention of anyone other than Izuku,
makes Izuku startle slightly. He flushes, immediately lowering his head to hide it as he heads
for the only two empty seats in the room. Both of them are behind Katsuki, and as Izuku
passes, he can’t help but sneak an assessing look at his childhood friend turned victim.
Katsuki pointedly doesn’t look back, staring unblinking at the blackboard. His hands rest on
top of his desk, clenched into white-knuckled fists. For both their sakes, Izuku takes the seat
closer to the back of the room, leaving an empty desk between them.
“I’m only going to say this once,” Eraser continues once Izuku is settled. “You can talk to
Midoriya later, but if any of you bother or harass him, I will find out. So don’t do that.” He
pauses for a moment and glares around the room, lingering on Katsuki for just a fraction of a
second longer than most of the others. “Now, to business. We’re having a special lesson today
– code names.” Several students cheer and are promptly silenced. “The other day I mentioned
pro hero draft picks. The drafts begin in earnest in your second and third years, after you’ve
gained enough experience to become immediate assets, but occasionally, heroes will show an
interest in first-years that they think have potential.”
Eraser picks up a small remote from his desk, and with the press of a button, names and
numbers are projected over the blackboard behind him. Unsurprisingly, at least to Izuku,
Todoroki and Katsuki are at the top of the list, both having received thousands of offers. In
contrast, third on the list, Iida, has only gotten a few hundred
“That’s such a big difference!” Kaminari groans, hanging his head back.
“In previous years, it’s been more spread out,” Eraser says.
“I didn’t get a single one,” Ashido pouts. Aoyama turns in his seat, patting one of her hands.
“Some people can’t recognize a good thing when they see one,” he says, comforting and
commiserating, his own name missing from the board as well.
“It doesn’t even make sense,” Jirou notes absently, twirling one of her jacks between her
fingers. “Todoroki got eliminated in the second round. How’d he end up with more offers
than Bakugou?” There’s a brief moment of silence as people turn to look at an impassive
Todoroki. Jirou blinks, adding, “Uh, no offense Todoroki.”
“They’re probably all because of my dad,” Todoroki responds simply. He’s likely correct –
name recognition is an incredibly powerful thing in the heroics industry – but the sentiment

still makes Izuku frown.
“Bakugou probably scared everyone away,” Sero says, breaking the beginnings of an
awkward silence. “The pros heard him screaming ‘DIE!’ at someone and decided they didn’t
want him.”
“Huh?!” Katsuki barks, reaching across the aisle to swat at Sero. “Wanna repeat that, Tape
Face? If the pros are fucking scared, I want nothing to do with them, anyway!”
“None for us,” a small voice says to Izuku’s left, pulling his attention away from the
interactions around him.
“Dark Shadow,” he says, smiling slightly. “Hi.”
She is smaller than she was during the sports festival, head only slightly larger than a fist,
tucked between Tokoyami and his desk instead of looming behind his shoulder. At the
greeting she chirps – for lack of a better word, though like most noises she makes, it’s still
rather jarring – and stretches towards Izuku, gripping onto the back of his chair.
“H-hi, Tokoyami,” Izuku adds, forcing a smile through his nerves, unsure if the other boy has
any desire to speak to him and not wanting to make him uncomfortable.
“Hello,” Tokoyami returns, nodding. “I’m pleased to see you achieved your transfer. Though
it’s a shame you received no offers of your own, given your performance.”
“Oh, I, uh,” Izuku stutters. Technically speaking, he had gotten offers. Not nearly as many as
Todoroki and Katsuki, but more than Iida. Agencies were always looking for powerful and
well-controlled fire quirks – they’re the kind of strong, flashy abilities that the industry
absolutely eats up. No doubt the mystery of Izuku’s enrollment status at UA had gathered
him even more attention. Of course, those offers were ultimately meaningless, since Izuku
couldn’t accept any of them.
“It’s my fault Fumi lost,” Dark Shadow informs Izuku matter-of-factly, apropos of nothing,
sparing him from explaining his own situation.
“It was not,” Tokoyami corrects sharply. Dark Shadow blows a raspberry. “We lost together.
If there is any fault to be had, it’s shared between us both.”
“At least the bad blonde boy got his nose broken,” Dark Shadow muses. “Did you see that?”
“I did,” Izuku confirms. When it happened, Izuku had cringed, but now, he smiles, if only
because Dark Shadow seems so pleased about it.
“It was nice,” she says. “I don’t like that boy. I like you.”
“Dark Shadow,” Tokoyami scolds. The faint ruffling of the feathers along the back of his
neck matches the resigned exasperation in his tone.
She ignores him, instead telling Izuku, “You’re odd.”

“Thank you?” Izuku replies.
“I apologize. Boundaries and social conventions are not Dark Shadow’s strong suit.”
Dark Shadow squawks, too loud for as near as she is to Izuku’s ear. “Don’t apologize for
me,” she protests, leaving the back of Izuku’s chair for the back of Tokoyami’s, tugging
harshly on his feathers. “I’m right here and I’m not sorry.”
Behind Izuku, Yaoyorozu clears her throat. “Aizawa-Sensei! What about the students who
didn’t receive any offers?”
“UA works with 40 agencies around the country to place our interns,” Eraser answers.
“Everyone will be doing an internship. I’ll be passing out forms as soon as your code names
have been approved. Those of you who have been drafted – keep in mind that your offers can
be revoked. Pros often lose interest in students long before graduation, so don’t think you can
get away with coasting by.”
In a smooth, nearly silent movement, the classroom door slides open. Midnight stands in the
doorway, leaning against the frame. She pauses for a second, waiting until she has the
attention of most of the class, before clicking her tongue and striding into the room.
“Always so harsh,” she teases. Eraser rolls his eyes. “I don’t know how you students put up
with him.”
“Kayama will be making sure your names are okay. I can’t do stuff like that.”
“It’s true! He’s absolutely useless.” Eraser spares her a half-hearted glare, but quickly drops
it, zipping himself into his sleeping bag and slouching to the floor. She continues,
“Technically, the names you chose today will only be temporary, but they tend to stick, so
there will be hell to pay if you don’t take this seriously. A hero’s image starts with their
name. Think of who you want to become and pick a name that will help you on that journey.”
Whiteboards are passed down the rows. Katsuki throws the remainder of his stack on the
desk behind him without bothering to look back. They clatter on the empty desk, out of
Izuku’s easy reach. It’s not a big deal, really. Izuku doesn’t begrudge Katsuki the small act of
pettiness, and Izuku can just get up and get them, but the thought of standing – moving,
disrupting everyone’s concentration, calling attention to himself – sends an odd pang of
anxiety through him. Just as he is about to force himself into motion, Sero sighs, making
Izuku lock up again.
“Really Bakugou?” Sero asks. He reaches over and picks up the discarded whiteboards,
stacking them back on top of each other. Then, he leans forward, knocking the boards into the
back of Katsuki’s head.
“I’ll fucking kill you!” Katsuki snaps immediately, spinning to face Sero. Sero leans back,
stretching to hold the boards out to Izuku.
“Don’t worry about him,” Sero says with a laid-back smirk. “He’s just like that, it’s nothing
personal.”

“T-thanks,” Izuku says as he accepts the whiteboards, smiling wryly at the irony of it all.
Katsuki definitely is like that, but it’s also a lot more personal than Sero could probably
understand.
“So you want to die, huh?” Katsuki growls, lunging at Sero’s desk. Sero’s chair scrapes
across the floor as he pushes himself backwards. Katsuki, armed with a dry-erase marker,
scribbles wildly over Sero’s blank whiteboard, then shoves it to the ground like a particularly
spiteful cat.
Kirishima whistles. “Wow, Bakubro, you really showed him.”
“Yep,” Sero agrees, picking up his board and starting to scrub it clean. “I’m well and truly
dead, now.”
“RIP,” Kaminari says, dragging a single finger beneath his eye, as if to wipe away tears.
“Someone call 119.”
“Hello, police?” Ashido says, melodramatically mournful. “I’ve witnessed a murder.”
“Oh, fucking laugh it up. You won’t be fucking laughing when I shove your whiteboards
down your throats, dumbass hero names and all.”
“No murder on school grounds,” Eraser interjects from his spot against the wall, eyes still
closed. With his whiteboard secured and Katsuki petulantly glaring at his own, Izuku passes
the extra one back to Yaoyorozu.
“Thank you,” she says, smiling kindly. “I’m Yaoyorozu Momo. I’m class 1-A’s
representative, so if you have any questions or need any help, feel free to come to me any
time. Welcome to the hero course, Midoriya.”
“Thanks. I, uh – nice to meet you. Call me Izuku,” Izuku says, half-impulsively. As much as
he prefers to use his first name these days, it still feels disconcertingly inappropriate to make
the request, for some reason. He adds, “I-If you’re comfortable with that, that is, I just – I
don’t really, uh, u-use my surname much, but it’s up to you. Sorry.”
“Don’t worry about it,” she replies, shaking her head. “It’s nice to meet you as well, Izuku.”
Izuku breathes a sigh of relief, turning back to his own desk. His whiteboard stares up at him,
accusingly empty. The face of it is slightly stained and streaked from years of use, but it
nonetheless seems glaringly, intimidatingly, blindingly white.
Around him, his new classmates are all focused on their task. Tokoyami and Dark Shadow
have their heads pressed close together. Ashido’s tongue is sticking out of the corner of her
mouth. Various ideas are jotted down along the edges of Koda’s board. Aoyama slams his
board down on his desk, banging it up and down, just hard enough to make some noise, the
face of it turned to Midnight.
“Alright,” she says, amused, “let’s start presenting our hero names. Who wants to go first?
Maybe Hagakure?”

Aoyama, already out of his seat, spares a half second to look incredibly offended before he
tosses his hair and flounces the rest of the short distance to the front and center of the
classroom. Hagakure giggles, doodling a quick thumbs up on her board for Aoyama’s benefit.
He winks at her.
“I Can Not Stop Twinkling!” he announces grandiosely, holding his own board up for his
mostly distracted audience. Kaminari and Ashido both choke quietly, turning to each other
and leaning close to whisper together about the choice. Izuku winces slightly for Aoyama,
but Aoyama himself either doesn’t notice or isn’t bothered.
Midnight nods thoughtfully. “I love the idea; it suits you perfectly. But it’s a bit of a
mouthful, isn’t it?” Aoyama turns his board back towards himself.
“Oui,” he agrees after brief consideration. “It could perhaps be un peu shorter.”
Midnight holds out a hand, and Aoyama deposits his marker into it, offering his whiteboard
as well. She takes it and hands it back a moment later. Aoyama looks over her changes
critically, then decisively turns his board back towards the classroom, raising it aloft again.
“I will be Twinkling!”
“Fabulous!” Ashido laughs, applauding as Aoyama takes a deep bow. She hops up from her
seat as Aoyama takes his, replacing him at the front of the class. “My turn! I’m gonna be
Alien Queen!” Compared to her mild, constructive response to Aoyama’s full sentence of a
name, Midnight’s reaction now is visceral. She reels back slightly, nose scrunching up as she
shakes her head. Personally, Izuku doesn’t see anything wrong with the name, but maybe
Midnight just doesn’t like horror movies.
“Like that thing with the acid blood?” she questions, audibly shocked. “I wouldn’t do that if I
were you. Try to think of something else.” Ashido looks from Midnight to the bold letters of
her chosen hero name and back again. She frowns, squints.
“Do I have to?” she asks.
“Remember, these names could have a big effect on your future image. Do you really want to
be associated with a horror movie monster?” Ashido thinks for another moment, then squares
her jaw and tilts her chin back.
“Maybe I do! They’re cool and scary and strong. Besides, it’s not just about them, it’s about
me! I wanna be Alien Queen. Because I look like this –” she gestures to herself, a chaotic
waving motion that focuses mainly around her eyes and horns before sweeping grandly to
encompass her whole body “– and I’m a queen, dang it!”
Kaminari cheers, “You tell her, Ashido!” Kirishima whoops. Midnight holds her hands up in
surrender, her disgusted disapproval draining away.
“This is your name,” she says. “Your confidence is the most important thing. Aizawa, second
opinion?”

“I’ve heard worse,” Eraser grunts.
“And that’s as good as a stamp of approval!”
From there, name presentations are much more tame. Asui calmly raises Froppy, a simple and
sweet name she says she’s had picked out since childhood. Kirishima becomes Red Riot,
Midnight and Izuku both instantly making the connection to Crimson Riot, which also helps
to explain some of Kirishima’s fixation on “manliness.” Jirou, then Shoji, then Sero, all with
excellent names ready to go. Izuku finds himself paying more attention to his classmates –
the names they choose, the way they share them, the reactions of others – than the still-blank
whiteboard resting under his hands. So much as looking at it fills him with panic, his mind
going as blank as the board’s surface.
Hero names. Small Might, Mighty Boy, All Might Jr. When they played heroes, his mother
would hide somewhere, and those were the names she would call out to for rescue. Izuku
really had been a massive All Might fanboy, hadn’t he? None of those names will work now,
obviously. He isn’t four years old anymore, admiring a hero that was more symbol than man,
in a world where there was no villain All Might couldn’t defeat, no person he couldn’t save.
Now, Izuku is older, and he needs a name of his own. Except Izuku is more human than hero.
There are villains he doesn’t want to defeat. There are people he has failed to save.
Sometimes, painfully, those two categories overlap. Who is Izuku meant to be, in the face of
all that?
Hell, Izuku still doesn’t know his own name. Midoriya Izuku or Shigaraki Izuku? Who are
both of those people and who is he? How is he meant to build an identity that other people
can rely on from such a weak foundation?
Izuku fiddles with the cap of his marker, lifting it up with his thumb and then pushing it back
down until it clicks back into place. He considers asking Eraser what he’s meant to do, but
the man is dozing at the front of the room, and there’s no way for Izuku to get his attention
without getting everyone else’s, as well. He stares intently, wondering if maybe there’s a way
for him to telepathically beam his distress into Eraser’s head without a quirk, to no avail.
In a lull between presentations, it’s Midnight that approaches his desk, the eyes of the class
following her curiously as Izuku ducks his head down and wraps an arm around it. She leans
down, and the longest layers of her hair spill over his desk in a curtain, providing an illusion
of privacy.
“Shouta’s bad habits are rubbing off on you already, aren’t they?” she teases, speaking
casually, the same way she has when they’ve run into each other in the teacher’s lounge,
when she has tried to insist that he call her Auntie Nemuri. “That’s quite a death glare you’ve
got there. What’s on your mind, Izuku? Unless you’re actually trying to kill Shouta with your
eyes, in which case, have at it.”
“What if I can’t think of anything?” Izuku asks, as softly as he can manage.
“Ah, I see. That’s not a problem. It’s only your first day; it’s fine if you need to think about it.
You’ll need to think of something before internships start, but that’s still two weeks away, so

you’ve got time.”
Izuku nods, relieved, but his face is still hot with embarrassment to have come into the lesson
without an idea in the first place. Midnight ruffles his hair, returning to the front of the room,
where Koda shyly steps forward to share his chosen name. Dark Shadow makes an odd
trilling, whistling noise, darting towards Izuku. She slows once she gets close, approaching
more cautiously, laying her talons almost gently on the lip of Izuku’s desk.
“I can help,” she says, staring at Izuku’s blank whiteboard. “I helped Fumi. I’m good with
names, you know. I like names.”
“Oh yeah?” Izuku asks, amusement soothing the ache in his chest as she draws closer to his
whiteboard, moving in small increments, as if trying to escape his notice.
“Yes! You are very green, so your name should have something to do with that. Or maybe
dragons. They breathe fire, like you, and they’re also green, because they’re actually just
really big lizards. Did you know that?”
“Not all lizards are green,” Tokoyami says. Dark Shadow shoots him a nasty look, briefly
distracted from her quest to sneak Izuku’s marker out of his hand.
“Izuku would be a green lizard,” she asserts. The degree of disdain she manages to put into
the words is almost admirable.
“Of course,” Tokoyami soothes. “How could I have been so foolish? My apologies.”
“He’s teasing me,” Dark Shadow informs Izuku, pulling the cap off her pilfered marker with
her beak. “But that’s fine. If he thinks you’d be a different color, then he’s a bird brain.”
Affronted, Tokoyami squawks, the most bird-like noise Izuku has ever heard him make, and
he seems slightly flustered by that fact afterwards, feathers ruffled. Dark Shadow, snickering,
proceeds to fill Izuku’s whiteboard with clumsy doodles that he’s pretty sure are meant to be
dragons. He gives each one the praise it deserves, even if they do nothing to inspire him by
way of name ideas.
In front of him, separated by a single desk, Katsuki hunches, rigid as stone, over his own
whiteboard. With class drawing to a close, it’s curious that he hasn’t announced his name yet.
King Explosion Murder, he had proclaimed, loudly and proudly, when he was only four years
old. Aunt Mitsuki had sighed, shook her head, said she had no idea where he learned to say
things like that, but she’s given up stopping him. Izuku doubts Katsuki has changed his mind
since then. Very little about Katsuki has changed, really. He’s always been an unstoppable
force in that sense, mercilessly carving his way down whatever path he decided to walk.
When King Explosion Murder walks the streets, the world won’t know what’s hit it.

King Explosion Murder, Katsuki writes, less than five minutes into the lesson. That’s his
perfect hero name; it always has been. Always, Katsuki has always known exactly who he is
going to be.
His quirk had come in not long after his fourth birthday, the first in his class and he bragged
about it accordingly. Standing in front of an adoring audience of preschoolers, popping little
orange sparks across his palms, he announced, “I’ve got the best quirk! The doctor and my
parents all said it’s really strong, which means I’m gonna be the number one hero!”
“Wow!” said one of the extras “That’s so cool Bakugou!”
“I wish I had a quirk like that! I better get mine soon!”
“Let’s play heroes and villains!”
“Yeah, yeah! Bakugou, what’s your hero name?”
He didn’t even need to think. “King Explosion Murder,” he said, loudly and proudly. His
classmates’ reactions were varied. Some of them cheered appropriately, others giggled or
scrunched up their noses, but Katsuki hadn’t minded them.
He had been looking at Deku – though at this point, Deku wasn’t Deku yet. He was Izuku,
sometimes even Zuchan, and he had been Katsuki’s best friend in the entire world. Izuku had
watched Katsuki show off with stars in his eyes. Hell, he had looked at Katsuki nearly as
reverently as he looked at All Might, and what a way to boost a four-year-old’s ego. At King
Explosion Murder, though, his smile turned down into a pensive frown.
“You can’t call yourself that,” Izuku had said. The extras had looked at him, amazed that he
would reject something Katsuki said, while Katsuki himself crossed his arms and glared.
“Why not?” Katsuki asked.
“Because it’s scary!”
“…Lord Explosion Murder?” Katsuki revised.
“No, Kacchan, that’s still scary!” Perfectly content with the name he had thought up and out
of ideas to satisfy whatever problem Izuku was having, Katsuki turned his nose up.
“Well, the villains should be scared! I’m gonna be the number one, which means I’m gonna
catch all of ‘em!”
“Catch them!” Izuku agreed, nodding vigorously. “Not murder them!” Then he shook his
head, hair flopping about, as if to physically demonstrate – catch, yes; murder, no. As if
Katsuki didn’t already know that. He rolled his eyes.
“Whatever, nerd. I’d like to see you come up with a better name!”
For the next few days, Katsuki, much to the frustration of his parents and teachers, refused to
answer to anything other than King Explosion Murder. That was his name, as far as he was

concerned, and soon enough the entire world would know it, just like they knew All Might.
Every time someone said it, Izuku would grimace or roll his eyes or stick out his tongue,
which was annoying, but Katsuki was sure he would come around eventually. Then one day,
Izuku came into class and immediately bee-lined for Katsuki, standing in front of him with
his hands on his hips and his eyes shining triumphantly.
“I have something better!” he proclaimed, nearly shouting in his apparent determination,
drawing the attention of all their classmates.
“Huh?”
“A better name! I found one.”
“My name is already the best name!”
“It’s scary Kacchan!”
Katsuki turned his head away, “That’s not my name.”
“I’m not calling you the other thing. Besides, I have a better name,” Izuku insisted.
“Prove it.”
“Ground Zero,” Izuku said with a grin.
Katsuki blinked. “What the hell does that mean?”
“Kacchan! Bad word!”
“What the heck does that mean,” he corrected impatiently.
“It’s like–” Izuku made a vague gesture with his hands, frowning in consternation. “It’s like,
when, when an explosion–”
“See,” Katsuki interrupted. “Even you don’t know what it means. It’s a bad name!”
“I know what it means! It’s, it’s – where an explosion comes from! But it’s also like, um, it’s
like when a change happens? Like, where the change starts! That’s ground zero. And you’re
Ground Zero because – because you explode and also, you’re gonna be the number one! It’s a
better name!”
Katsuki thought for a moment, then shook his head. “It’s not as cool.”
And that had been that. Of course, Izuku hadn’t let the topic drop, relentlessly advocating for
Ground Zero, but in less than a year, the two of them would no longer be speaking, and
Katsuki had no reason to care about Deku’s opinion on his hero name.
Katsuki was always going to be King Explosion Murder. Strong. Undefeatable. Victorious.
That’s all he has ever wanted to be.

And he still wants to be all of those things, except – except, murder. It’s just a word. A cool
word. A scary word, but scary in a cool way. People would think twice before fucking with
someone called King Explosion Murder, and that was the point, wasn’t it?
But it’s not just a word, really, is it? People commit murder; people are murdered. Pro heroes
frequently end up one side of the binary or the other, if not both. Katsuki’s not naïve. He’s no
soft touch who’s going to get into this industry and cry about having to hurt people, but he’s
not – he’s not a monster. He doesn’t want to hurt people, not really.
He wants to be strong. Strong enough to hurt people, yes, strong enough to take down
villains, but also strong enough to protect himself, to protect the world he lives in. That’s
what strength is for.
For the longest time, King Explosion Murder represented strength to Katsuki. All the things
he wanted and needed to be. Now though, while his entire world has already been turned
upside down, why not add another thing to the mix? Why not question more basic facts of his
life? Maybe King Explosion Murder isn’t the right kind of strength.
Ground zero.
The point where change begins.
Katsuki doesn’t know what change will look like, but he thinks it’s something he needs.
Less than five minutes into the lesson, Katsuki has already written King Explosion Murder.
Less than a minute later, he erases it, wipes it away with a single motion. There are no
remnants left behind.
Katsuki writes only the first character of Ground Zero, and then he is erasing that, too.
History is not half so easy to wipe clean as a whiteboard, and there are eleven years of
Katsuki insisting that he can’t possibly use the name that fucking Deku gave him. He rests his
forehead against his palm, glaring at the board, hypervigilantly aware of Deku’s presence
behind him.
Inevitably, Midnight drags him to the front of the room. Wordless but resentful, he presents
his choice to the class.
“Explosion?” Shitty Hair reads, sounding doubtful.
“The name of your quirk?” Midnight asks in a similar tone. “Are you sure?”
“Is there a fucking problem with that?” Katsuki snaps.
“It’s a little boring, isn’t it?” Pikachu says. “I expected something more like – I don’t know,
Explosion God Death-Bringer or something.” Tape Face and Raccoon Eyes both snort in
laughter, and Pikachu grins in smug satisfaction while Katsuki glowers.
“It’s fine if that’s what you want,” Midnight says, though she doesn’t bother disguising her
opinion on the matter, “but you might have some trouble standing out with a name like that.”

“I don’t need a damn name to help me stand out,” Katsuki says, stalking back to his desk.
Behind him, Deku looks all too fucking knowing. He probably thinks Katsuki is weak,
pathetic. He’s planning something. The entire class is going to be caught up in whatever his
shitty scheme is, all of them, caught directly at ground fucking zero. Katsuki is sure of it.
He’s sure of it, and simultaneously, sickeningly, unsure of how much he can trust his own
goddamned thoughts.

Hitoshi is annoyed.
Now, one could claim that this is his default state, and they wouldn’t exactly be wrong, but
even relatively speaking, today has been a hell of a day. Today, Hitoshi’s classmates were
nice to him.
But Hitoshi, you might be thinking, that’s a good thing, right? Wrong. It’s terrible. Horrible.
Hitoshi hates it.
For one thing, they’re only being nice because he won the sports festival. A couple of days
ago, they didn’t give a shit about him one way or another. Generally speaking, they weren’t
particularly cruel, unlike some of the people Hitoshi went to middle school with, but they
usually didn’t engage with him at all beyond small, necessary interactions. Except now that
he’s won the festival, the whole lot of them are taking an interest in him. People who derided
Hitoshi’s quirk this time last week and praising it now, and it’s exactly that kind of turncoat
opportunistic behavior that makes Hitoshi hate people.
Nothing has changed, not with Hitoshi himself, but only now is he worth something. Which,
he’ll admit, is exactly the kind of recognition he had been craving, but he’s perfectly capable
in reveling in finally proving himself while also being pissed that he had to prove himself at
all.
If it was just their admiration, he could probably deal with that, but admiration apparently
comes with conversation. Everyone wants to talk to him and congratulate him and frankly,
Hitoshi isn’t really interested in talking to any of them, even if he puts his resentment at the
abrupt change in their behavior aside. He doesn’t like people much, and no, that’s not just a
defense mechanism. He also thinks they’re legitimately confusing and stressful and too much
work most of the time. He doesn’t know how to talk to them, and he doesn’t want to figure it
out. Only now, they all want to talk to him – and goddamn it, Hitoshi wasn’t actually
prepared to live his fantasies of having his peers’ approval.
It sucks, right? It’s already a perfect recipe for a very long day and a very annoyed Hitoshi.
His social battery is completely dry – if Hitoshi even has something as advanced as a battery
powering his will to interact with people instead of, say, a very lazy hamster at a wheel. But

that’s not even the end of it. The real kicker is a conversation that Hitoshi didn’t even want to
participate in, for the record, that went a little like this:
“Why haven’t you been transferred to the hero course?” a classmate asked after lunch.
“I will be,” Hitoshi responded, proud enough to share at least that bit of information. “I’m
starting training today, and I’ll transfer officially next semester.”
“Oh. What about that other kid?”
“What other kid?”
“The one who came in third. All the 1-A kids were talking about him. Apparently, he joined
them today.”
There it is, the insult to add to the injury. Hitoshi couldn’t believe it either, but apparently
Midoriya – yeah, that’s right, Midoriya, the guy who Hitoshi beat in the quarter-finals – is
already in the hero course, while Hitoshi himself isn’t up to snuff and needs to go through a
rigorous training program before he can transfer. Life is just so fucking fair, isn’t it.
On top of that, just one more thing, one last petty grievance to be the cherry on top of the shit
sundae – UA has too many fucking gyms. There’s at least five, not even counting the various
training fields around campus, and they’re all named after Greek alphabet bullshit. Aizawa –
now Aizawa-Sensei, Hitoshi supposes – told Hitoshi which one they were meeting in, but
look, Hitoshi has stuff going on, okay? He’s stressed, he can’t be expected to remember that
he’s meant to go to gym… gamma? Or was it lambda? One of those two is from math class,
Hitoshi is pretty sure, but he cannot fucking remember which for the life of him.
Already in his gym uniform, Hitoshi wanders around campus, trying not to look absolutely
aimless as he struggles to remember where Gym Gamma even is. If that’s even where he’s
meant to be going. He has Aizawa’s number – the man gave it to both Hitoshi and his father
before he left their house on Friday. Could Hitoshi text him? Would that make him look
stupid? Would Aizawa be annoyed? He wouldn’t have given Hitoshi the number if he didn’t
want Hitoshi to use it, right? After deliberating, probably for too long, and getting absolutely
nowhere, Hitoshi steels himself, types out a message as quickly as he can and sends it,
immediately locking his phone and shoving it away in his pocket, only for it to vibrate with
an instantaneous reply.
Hitoshi --- 3:23 PM
Wheres the gym?
Aizawa --- 3:23 PM
eta 10min
Attached to the message is a map of campus, with a sloppy red circle drawn around one of
the buildings in the back. Hitoshi squints at it. Even knowing where the gym is, he still can’t

figure out which gym it is, because he has no idea what the little curvy symbol is supposed to
be. Fucking Greek, he guesses.
Using the map to orient himself, Hitoshi looks around for witnesses and then does a complete
180 as casually as he can manage. With proper direction, it only takes him a few minutes to
reach Generic-Greek-Letter Gym, lights flickering on throughout the large, open room as he
slips through the door and finds a place to set down his bag.
Exactly ten minutes after Aizawa’s message, the man himself arrives, looking as exhausted as
he did on Saturday. Hitoshi stands to greet him, stepping forward, but freezes in place when
the other student, Hitoshi’s new training partner, trails in.
“Shinsou,” Aizawa says as Midoriya – yeah, that’s right, fucking Midoriya – drops their
things by the wall near the entrance. “You found the place. Good. The campus is a rat maze, I
swear.” There is no inflection in Aizawa’s voice to indicate that he’s joking, but Midoriya
huffs a small laugh as the pair of them approach where Hitoshi is standing, still unmoving.
They stop a short distance away, turning towards each other in sync, Midoriya holding his
hands up towards Aizawa. His sleeves droop a couple of inches down his arms, revealing thin
silver bands that Aizawa removes with a few fiddly movements. Midoriya rubs his wrists for
a brief moment before hiding his hands behind his back, turning to face Hitoshi but not
meeting his eyes.
“Introduce yourselves,” Aizawa says gruffly as he tucks the bracelets away somewhere
beneath his clothes.
“We’ve met,” Hitoshi says. Aizawa raises his brows. Hitoshi returns the look with a blank
stare.
“Please call me Izuku," Midoriya says, before a charged silence can fall.
“Shinsou Hitoshi.” For good measure, he adds, “Call me Shinsou,” just so Midoriya doesn’t
get any ideas. Midoriya smiles, a forced, uncomfortable thing, shifting his weight back and
forth between his feet.
“Right,” Aizawa drawls. “The two of you will be training together from here on out. Will that
be a problem?”
“No, Eraser,” Midoriya answers immediately. So he’s a suck up, too. This just keeps getting
worse.
“Why does he even need training if he’s already been transferred?” Hitoshi asks. From the
look Aizawa gives him, the question comes out more snide than Hitoshi had intended.
Midoriya ducks his head, scuffing one obnoxiously red sneaker against the floor.
“That’s none of your business,” Aizawa deadpans after a tense moment of staring Hitoshi
down. Hitoshi nods, averting his eyes as the back of his neck heats up. As resentful as he is
towards Midoriya’s presence, he wrangles in his bitterness, determined to not make a worse
first impression than he already has.

“If this is going to be a problem,” Aizawa continues, “tell me now.”
Hitoshi looks Midoriya over critically. He’s staring at the ground with a distant look in his
eyes, hands still clasped behind his back in a distinctly self-conscious gesture. Occasionally,
he’ll rock his weight and then fall still, as if deliberately stopping himself from fidgeting. Of
course, there’s more to him than meets the eye, Hitoshi is well aware.
Still, Hitoshi will take his opportunities where he can find them. He doesn’t really have the
luxury of choice, in that sense. Sometimes, you are lifted up with one hand and slapped in the
face with the other, and if you’re anything like Hitoshi, sometimes you don’t have any choice
but to take it. It’s the best offer he’s going to get.
“No, sir,” he replies.
“Don’t call me sir. It’s Aizawa. Sensei, if you have to.” He points at Midoriya, “That goes for
you, too, Izuku.” Hitoshi looks between them subtly, not letting his curiosity at the
informality show on his face, but filing it away in his head all the same.
“Yes, Eraser,” Midoriya says. Aizawa squints at him. Hitoshi feels distinctly like he has
missed something.
“Problem child. Shinsou –” Hitoshi blinks at being addressed so abruptly “– we’ll be starting
with a quirk apprehension test. It will set a baseline for our future training and let me know if
there’s anything specific that we need to focus on. I’ll know if you’re slacking off. Do as well
as you can. You can use your quirk however you see fit.”
Not that his quirk will do him much good, Hitoshi thinks as Aizawa marks down the start and
end points for a 50-meter dash. Hitoshi stands behind the starting line Aizawa has drawn on
the floor with chalk. The man himself digs a stopwatch out of his scarf – Hitoshi doesn’t
know how that works, but it definitely seems like it came from inside the scarf. Midoriya,
with a notebook in hand that he definitely didn’t have a second before, lowers himself to the
ground, sitting with his legs crossed.
“Is he just going to watch?” Hitoshi can’t help but ask, disbelieving, when Midoriya flips
through his book, scribbling something at the top of the page he settles on.
“Izuku’s already done these exercises.”
“When?” Hitoshi bites his tongue when Aizawa gives him a flatter-than-normal look. For
once, Hitoshi sincerely isn’t trying to cause problems – astonishing, he knows – but Midoriya
had only just transferred into the hero course today. When the hell did he get a chance to take
this quirk whatever test?
“I, um,” Midoriya speaks up. “I’ve been t-training with Eraser for around t-two weeks? I took
the test when I st-started.”
Great, yet another way in which Midoriya has a head start. Hitoshi wonders how Midoriya
had even caught Aizawa’s attention outside the festival if he wasn’t already in the hero

course. Maybe it was some nepotism thing? That would explain at least half of the weird
name business Midoriya and Aizawa have going on.
“Fine,” Hitoshi bites out.
He’s not sure if it would be better to do this alone or with someone else. Alone, he has to
worry about the both of them watching him, judging him, but even if Midoriya was
competing alongside him, Hitoshi was at risk of making an absolute fool of himself by
underperforming. It’s a lose-lose situation. Losing even while he’s winning, the patented
Shinsou Hitoshi special technique.
“Ready?” Aizawa asks as Hitoshi braces at the starting line.
So begins what very well may be the most embarrassing spectacle of Hitoshi’s life.
Thing is, he doesn’t even know if the embarrassment is warranted. He finishes the 50-meter
dash on the longer end of six seconds, pathetically winded when his sneakers finally squeak
to a stop. Is that fast? Slow? Is he panting too much? Holy shit, what if he’s not panting
enough? Is that possible? He scored decently well in his middle school fitness assessments,
usually in the upper middle of the pack, but this is an entirely different situation. Compared
to hero kids using their quirks, he must be slow. Midoriya is fast, Hitoshi remembers.
Definitely faster than Hitoshi.
Grip strength is next, and Hitoshi doubts that’s any better. It’s worse, probably. He may have
shit stamina working against him when he’s running, but at least he has long legs – god bless
growth spurts – to make for it. In the strength department he has nothing going for him unless
we’re talking strength of will. Standing long jump? Now that’s decent. At least, Hitoshi
thinks it’s decent. He’s probably wrong. But he’s tall and that must be giving him at least a
sliver of an advantage. Repeated side steps? Don’t fucking talk to Hitoshi about repeated side
steps. He nearly falls down, tripping over himself with less coordination than a newborn baby
deer. Revenge of the long legs – sincerely, fuck growth spurts.
Hitoshi is mortified and he doesn’t even know if he should be. Which makes him frustrated.
He squeezes his hand rhythmically around the ball Aizawa gave him. This particular test, the
ball throw, had been a major point of gossip the first couple days of school. According to
cafeteria conversation, one girl had managed to launch her ball straight out of the
atmosphere.
Obviously, Hitoshi can’t do anything like that. Hell, they’re indoors. Class 1-A’s actual
assessment had happened outside. It had needed to be outside, so the hero brats could go all
out. Well, what if Hitoshi wanted to go all out? What if he wanted to throw this stupid little
ball into outer space? So what if he’s physically incapable of doing that? They’re not even
going to give him the chance? No, not Hitoshi. Hitoshi they stick in a room with a ceiling
and four walls. Granted, it’s a big ass room, big enough that Hitoshi doubts he can actually
toss the ball across its entire length, but they could have at least given him the benefit of the
doubt.
Hitoshi has no idea how he’s doing on the tests so far, but he’s willing to place his bets on not
well. Aizawa looks unimpressed, which may just be the default setting of his face, but Hitoshi

can’t help but think he looks especially uninspired. Midoriya is still sitting on the floor.
Hitoshi is pretty sure he’s taking fucking notes, and that’s not disconcerting at all. What could
he even be taking notes on?
Dear diary, Shinsou is really lame. He can’t even throw a ball and his quirk is basically
useless.
“Hey, Midoriya,” Hitoshi says.
“Yeah?”
Midoriya’s eyes go blank, because Hitoshi’s quirk – as little as it may help him with things
like running and jumping – isn’t useless, no matter what Midoriya’s imaginary diary says.
Hitoshi glances from Midoriya, slack faced on the floor, to Aizawa, trying to gauge the man’s
reaction. He looks as unimpressed as ever, but at least he doesn’t seem angry, which is what
Hitoshi was afraid of.
“Come here,” Hitoshi orders, keeping his eyes on Aizawa just in case.
Midoriya stands and walks over to him. Gently, Hitoshi repositions Midoriya to take his spot,
stepping to the side. He places the ball in Midoriya’s hand, closing his fingers around it. Lax
and malleable, Midoriya puts up no resistance, allowing Hitoshi to manipulate him as he sees
fit. From what Hitoshi remembers, Midoriya is freakishly strong. Hitoshi is still pretty sure
that Midoriya picked him up during the obstacle course and threw him to the nearest platform,
even if Hitoshi isn’t entirely sure how someone who’s half a foot shorter than him and not
particularly bulky could manage such a thing. Regardless, chances are good that Midoriya is,
at the very least, stronger than Hitoshi.
“Throw that ball as hard as you can,” Hitoshi commands, taking a few steps back.
Instantly, Midoriya moves, refining his stance from the placid way he was standing to
something anchored and powerful. Aizawa grabs Hitoshi by the elbow, pulling him another
few steps away as Midoriya twists, winding his arm back. He uncoils like a spring, and
Hitoshi can only admire the impeccable control of his form for a moment before a cacophony
of noise has him instinctually dropping to the ground, head ducked down and hands over his
ears.
“Ah, ow,” Midoriya says a second later, free from Hitoshi’s control. “That’s going to be sore
in the morning.” He braces one hand on his shoulder, rotating the joint, wincing slightly as he
extends his arm.
“And that’s why these tests are usually done outside,” Aizawa sighs. Carelessly, he gestures
towards the far wall, a point high up near the ceiling. Hitoshi’s eyes follow the movement
without thought. It’s easy to find the spot Aizawa is referring to, but much harder to connect
that spot with the impact of Midoriya’s throw. The brick, metal, and god knows what else of
the gym is dented, cracked, dusted, pulverized. The ball didn’t punch straight through the
wall, but it looks like it was a close thing.

What the fuck? How the hell? That’s just – it’s not possible. Well, sure, it is possible, but not
like this. There are plenty of people who are strong enough to crack metal and stone, but
generally speaking, that’s all those people can do. They can’t also breathe fire and make it
dance around them. What the hell kind of quirk does Midoriya have that gives him two
distinct abilities that are both so powerful? Can this guy do everything? God, some people
really do have all the luck.
“Alright, kid?” Aizawa asks as Midoriya stretches his shoulder and hisses.
“I’m alright!” Midoriya assures. “I might have strained something a little, but it’s not too
bad.”
“Like how second-degree burns aren’t too bad? We’ll see what Recovery Girl has to say
about it. Shinsou, are you alright?” Hitoshi, realizing he is still crouched on the floor,
awkwardly picks himself back up, taking a few deep breaths to calm the racing of his heart.
“I’m good,” he says. “Just wasn’t expecting, uh. That.”
Aizawa nods. “Good. In the future, you’ll want to specify that your commands should be
followed without causing injury.”
“Oh shit. Sorry,” Hitoshi says to Midoriya. His voice is almost completely flat, probably
because he’s still kind of reeling over the fact that Midoriya did that, but it has the
unintentional consequence of making him sound like an asshole. Hitoshi doesn’t mind
sounding like an asshole most of the time, but he prefers for it to be on purpose, at least.
Despite Hitoshi’s tone, Midoriya smiles, and it’s not like the expression he has been
plastering over his face thus far. That look was the very distinct “I’m uncomfortable, don’t
know how to navigate this situation, and also want to avoid conflict, so I’m just going to
smile” smile. This smile is – well, it’s genuine, for one thing. Genuine, and excited, and
Midoriya’s eyes are really big and really green and Hitoshi looks away just as the other boy
starts talking.
“I’m alright!” Midoriya repeats. “You don’t need to apologize. It’s – it’s actually really
interesting? Your q-quirk, I mean. Most people subconsciously limit themselves so they don’t
get hurt, but if you can bypass the mind’s natural inhibitions, you could probably help people
expand their limits even farther. Not to mention the psychological applications,” Midoriya
adds, voice growing softer and words becoming faster as he trails away from Hitoshi to pick
up his discarded notebook.
“Izuku,” Aizawa interjects, interrupting Midoriya in the middle of a half-incoherent sentence
about internalized quirkism leading to repression and then quirk malfunction, which Hitoshi
can only parse thanks to some of his father’s old research. “We still have a test to finish. You
can harass Shinsou later.”
Midoriya blinks, then smiles sheepishly. “Right, sorry.”
Hitoshi, still confounded by the entire turn of events, finishes the last three tests in what he
imagines is an incredibly mediocre manner. Actually, he’ll give himself some credit – he does

pretty good at the toe touch. He might be a weak and gangly beanpole, but at least he’s a
limber one. He has to take his wins where he can get them. When all is said and done,
Midoriya hands Hitoshi a water bottle. Hitoshi takes it with a mumbled thanks, downing half
of it. Some spills over his chin because he notices too late that his hands are shaking slightly,
and he grimaces at himself, wiping his sleeve over his face.
“Well,” Aizawa says, “we’ve got a lot of work to do.”
“Did I do that bad?” Hitoshi asks without thinking.
It’s Midoriya that answers, quickly assuring, “No, you didn’t do bad. C-considering you don’t
have any training, your results were acceptable.” Midoriya’s smile, as tentatively friendly as
it is, isn’t enough to save him from Hitoshi’s flat-eyed glare.
“Acceptable,” he parrots. “Great. Just what every guy wants to be.”
“It’s a starting place,” Aizawa says, rapping Hitoshi lightly on the top of the head before
Hitoshi even realized that the man was close enough to do so. “Now we start pushing you
from acceptable to exceptional. I told you it wouldn’t be easy.”
Hitoshi sighs. “I wouldn’t trust it if it was.”

Chapter End Notes

Mina: My name will be Alien Queen, because I am a queen!
Midnight: Fair enough, have a nice day.
Kirishima: Hey, where’s Sero?
Kaminari: Oh no… you didn’t hear?
Mina: Kiri… Sero was in an accident.
Sero: Guys come on, this was supposed to be a joke on Bakugou. Stop telling people
I’m dead!
Kaminari: Sometimes, I can still hear his voice…
Hitoshi: Midoriya got transferred to the hero course and I will hold this against him.
Izuku: *smiles*
Hitoshi: Oh no,,,,,, he’s pretty
Next Chapter: Brainwashing – Part III
Update: Jun 24

Chapter 31: Brainwashing - Part III
Chapter Notes

Scenes written in Brainwashing: 9
Scenes cut from Brainwashing: 6
May they all rest in pieces on the cutting room floor.
Flynn: X
Surya: X
Ume: X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Tomura traces a finger along his neck, dragging his nail against his skin. He leans casually
against the bar, head propped up in his hand, one heel resting on the opposite knee. The
whole set up feels off, incomplete. He slots a hand over his face, fitting it into the familiar
position that Father would occupy if that damned traitor hadn’t gone and lost him. It’s not the
same. He sneers, tearing his hand away from his face to tap an impatient rhythm on the bar
top, aggressively enough that his nails form little half-moon dents in the wax. Kurogiri will
hate that, Tomura thinks, intentionally gouging his fingers deeper into the surface.
Stain, the Hero Killer, falls into the bar silently. He lands crouched, surprisingly graceful
considering how disorienting Kurogiri’s warp gates can be. Blood shot eyes zero in on
Tomura in the span of a breath, as Stain coils up to lunge. He launches himself across the
room in a smooth movement, deadly intent focused on Tomura with laser precision, the
tattered ends of his bandages and scarf trailing behind him. Mid-leap, a portal opens to catch
him, depositing him right back where he started as Kurogiri emerges behind the bar like a
shadow blooming in the sinking sun. Stain pauses, but remains poised to spring into action,
assessing the room with narrowed eyes, a vigilant hand on the hilt of one of his weapons.
“Would you like a drink?” Kurogiri offers politely, standing rigidly straight with his arms
folded primly behind his back. He always takes hosting so seriously, even when the only
guests they have in the bar are lawless vagabonds. Tomura rolls his eyes.
“No,” Stain denies. “I would like to know what’s going on.”
“Hello, Hero Killer,” Tomura greets, poorly mimicking Kurogiri’s manners. “We’re the
League of Villains, and we have an offer for you.”
“Not much of a League,” Stain says, looking between Tomura and Kurogiri. Tomura’s smile
twitches, the peaks of his molars catching against each other as he grinds his teeth behind a
bland smile.

“We’re currently recruiting,” Kurogiri replies, smoothly deflecting away from the recent
decrease in their numbers.
“I see. You’re the ones behind the attack on UA. And you want to add me to your numbers.”
“Yeah,” Tomura confirms, with forced pleasantry that Sensei would be proud of. “You’ve got
so much more experience as a villain, sir.” The flattery is sour on Tomura’s tongue, and the
Hero Killer doesn’t even seem to take the bait, still exuding murderous intent.
“What are you after?”
Right to business, then. Well, Tomura won’t complain about the lack of small talk. He pulls a
photo from his pocket, holding it up for Stain’s inspection, the man drawing slightly closer to
get a better look. Tomura doesn’t bother to so much as glance at the image, himself. He
already has it memorized. He can see it behind his eyelids whenever he blinks.
All Might, solemn but not cheerless, slips a medal over the head of a blank-faced traitor.
“I want to destroy everything I don’t like,” Tomura says, tapping a finger at the top of the
photo. “These days, I hate these two most of all. I want to kill them both. The kid, first.”
“I was wrong to be interested,” Stain says, tone reflecting his sudden lack of investment in
the situation. The edge of the picture crumples as Tomura’s grip on it twitches. “You’re the
worst kind of person.”
“…Huh?” Tomura asks, daring Stain to continue.
Dismissively, the Hero Killer does. “What meaning is there in killing without conviction?”
“Meaning? The meaning is that I want them dead.”
“You’re a child throwing a tantrum.”
Tomura scoffs. “I can’t believe Sensei thought you were worth seeking out. Kurogiri,” he
orders, “get this idiot out of my bar.”
“Shigaraki Tomura, perhaps you shouldn’t be so rash–”
Those brief moments of protest give Stain enough of an opening to move, landing on top of
the bar in the blink of an eye, slashing his sword across Kurogiri’s bicep before the warp gate
can divert or dodge the attack. Tomura hopes the rough tread of the Hero Killer’s shoes
leaves scuffs on the bar’s surface. It would serve Kurogiri right – karma for being stupid
enough to question orders. In the next instant, Stain’s sword is flashing towards where
Tomura sits, but he vacates his stool, nimbly dancing out of the blade’s path.
“You could just leave,” Tomura sighs, gesturing lazily towards the door, clearly marked with
a glowing red EXIT sign. Stain pulls out a dagger and attempts to drive it into Tomura’s side.
Tomura kicks it out of his hand, sending it skidding across the floor to clatter to a stop
underneath one of the booths.

“People like you are part of the problem,” the Hero Killer says, tongue lulling obscenely
from his mouth, another blade already appearing in the hand Tomura just disarmed. “It’s
better to eradicate you now, while I’m here.”
“Eradicate?” Tomura repeats incredulously. “How pretentious. I think I’ll just kill you,
instead. Kurogiri, why is this guy still here?”
“Your babysitter can’t help you now.”
“I-I can’t move my body…” Kurogiri admits, voice strained where he slumps against the
shelves behind him. Tomura ducks under another wide sweep of Stain’s sword. “It must be
the Hero Killer’s quirk.” The sleeve of Kurogiri’s dress shirt is sliced neatly, blood spreading
along the pristine fabric. The tear itself would probably be easy enough to mend, as clean as
the edges are, but Tomura doubts that even Kurogiri will be able to get the stain out.
Tomura clicks his tongue, a testy, staccato noise belied by the singing of his blood in his
veins. A gleeful energy tingles in his palms, a ravening desire to touch and take and tear
apart, like Tomura hasn’t felt since the USJ. It’s fun, he thinks gleefully.
It’s fun until the exact moment it isn’t, until the moment when Tomura is the one who gets
tripped up. Ultimately, it’s a stool that does it. Of course it fucking is. The pieces of shit are
constantly getting in the way but Kurogiri just replaces them whenever Tomura decays one or
two or all of them. Stain kicks one into Tomura’s path as he dodges backwards. Tomura’s
foot catches and twists around the leg of it.
The second he hits the floor, Stain leaps on top of him, face split by a grotesquely wide grin.
He plants both his swords in the floor. One of them happens to go through Tomura’s shoulder
first. Between the adrenaline and the sharpness of the blade, there is a moment where Tomura
barely feels it, where being pinned to the ground like a butterfly on display feels more of
simple pressure than pain. Then Stain twists his grip on the hilt of his weapon, and Tomura’s
nerves catch fire.
“This is what happens to people without conviction,” Stain says, too close to Tomura’s face,
breath hot and damp. “No matter what you want to accomplish, it’s necessary to have
conviction and desire. The weak and the weak-willed will be weeded out. It’s only natural.
That’s why it turns out like this.”
“Ow…” Tomura hisses as the sword through his shoulder shifts again. He laughs breathlessly
a moment later, nearly soundless as he struggles to fill his lungs.
Stain ignores him entirely, continuing to rave, “Society is overgrown. Fake heroes, so strong
in number that the word itself has lost all meaning. And criminals like you, who idly wave
around their powers and call themselves villains.” Stain pulls the sword not impaling Tomura
from the floorboards, inching it closer to Tomura’s throat. “You should all be purged.”
Tomura grabs the blade before it can meet his neck, the honed edge cutting into his palm like
warm butter. His grip immediately becomes slippery, blood dripping down the length of the
sword to pool on the floor, seeping into the ends of Tomura’s hair. He hates washing blood

out of his hair. It takes forever, and he always ends up with faint pink patches when he gets
impatient and fails to scrub everything away.
“You sure talk a lot,” Tomura says. Beneath his fingers, metal cracks and becomes brittle. He
smiles up at Stain’s irritated face. “It’s funny you say I’m the worst kind of person because I
actually think you’re the worst kind. A real hypocrite, you know? Conviction? That’s stupid.”
The bright silver of Stain’s sword dulls to a mottled mix of grey-brown-red. With a single
squeeze of Tomura’s hand, the entire thing breaks apart into small, abrasive pieces of grit that
rain down over Tomura’s neck and jaw. It clumps up around his palm, clogging the wound
there shut while causing an intense stinging itch along the edges. Tomura ignores it.
“I don’t have anything grand like that,” he continues. “I just do what I want to do. So do you
– you just dress it up in fancy words. You want to kill ‘fake heroes?’ Well, I want to kill
traitors and false symbols. What’s the difference, really?”
Stain still crouches over Tomura, who takes advantage of their proximity, lashing out with his
injured hand. The Hero Killer manages to escape by a hair’s breadth, retreating to the other
side of the room while Tomura quickly disposes of the sword nailing him to the ground so he
can stand. His shoulder aches fiercely, his shirt hot and tacky against his skin. He probes the
edges of the wound, hissing at the tenderness.
“We don’t have a healer in the party anymore, you know,” he gripes, sending a nasty look
towards Stain, who straightens up, watching from a wary distance. “Will you take
responsibility for this?”
“So that’s who you are,” Stain says, a complete non-answer.
“What are you talking about now?”
“It seems our primary goals directly oppose each other. But…” Tomura’s jaw twitches as
Stain trails off. All talk and no substance. Tomura is going to need at least some stitches and a
tetanus shot after that stunt with the swords, but Stain is already absorbed with his conceited
sermonizing. Why had Sensei ever given this guy a second glance?
“I don’t care,” Tomura says bluntly, curling his lip. “Go home. Die. You’re annoying me.”
“Shigaraki Tomura,” Kurogiri interjects, shifting at the side. Apparently, now that Tomura
has no use for him, he’s no longer paralyzed. “He could be a great asset.”
“I was testing your true motives,” Stain says.
“You hear that, Kurogiri? Testing me. I don’t like that.”
“People show their true colors when they’re on the verge of death,” Stain continues. “It’s
different, but there is a desire inside you – a warped sprout of conviction. How will you
bud?”
“Fuck conviction.”

“Of course, I can always dispose of you later, if I don’t like what you grow into.” Stain hums,
unimpressed. Tomura returns the sentiment, but he sees no reason to be so fucking wordy
about it.
“Dispose of me?” For someone named the Hero Killer, Stain seems ridiculously unwilling to
put things plainly and just call killing what it is. “Kurogiri, I don’t want this lunatic as a party
member. Get rid of him.”
“My business is done,” Stain agrees, which makes Tomura want to immediately retract the
order. “Now, return me to Hosu. There are still things I must attend to there.”
Obliging, Kurogiri opens a portal – though it’s Tomura’s commands he’s following, not
Stain’s. As quickly as he arrived, the Hero Killer departs. Tomura once again seats himself at
the bar, picking at the crust caked to his hand while Kurogiri takes a look around the disarray
of the room and sighs.
“That went poorly,” Kurogiri observes.
“We don’t need him,” Tomura dismisses. “I can deal with the traitor on my own.”
“And All Might?”
“Yeah, sure, him too. Whatever. Traitor first, then we worry about All Might.”
With another sigh, Kurogiri lets the conversation drop. He picks up a cloth and gets to work,
starting by rubbing at a new scuff on the bar top.

Lunchtime is greeted enthusiastically by everyone except Izuku, who sinks down further in
his seat as his desk immediately becomes the most desirable destination in the classroom.
Ashido, Kaminari, Kirishima, Hagakure, and Iida surround him in an instant. Ashido takes
the empty seat behind Katsuki, sitting backwards so she can rest her elbows on Izuku’s desk,
the best positioning to immediately bombard him with questions.
“Mido! Can I call you Mido?” She doesn’t wait for Izuku’s answer, barreling on, “Where’d
you disappear to yesterday? We were gonna invite you to eat with us, but you totally went
poof!”
“Ashido!” Iida scolds, chopping a hand through the air. “Please give Midoriya his space!” As
nice a gesture as his defense might be, it offers no actual relief, since Iida himself turns to
Izuku just a second later. “Though she is correct. I was also going to offer you a place to sit at
lunch, but Uraraka and I couldn’t find you. Lunch is important for strengthening class
bonds!”
“Maybe you can join us today,” Kirishima offers, wearing a friendly smile that only serves to
overstimulate Izuku more.

“He can’t fucking eat with us!” Katsuki yells. That, at least, is familiar. Izuku could almost
call it comforting, under the circumstances.
“Don’t be a bitch, Bakugou,” Kaminari taunts with a smug grin that is inflammatory rather
than friendly. And that – the fact that anyone would so easily and intentionally fan the fire of
Katsuki’s anger, and that Katsuki would allow it at all – immediately unbalances Izuku again.
“Kaminari! Language!”
Aoyama insinuates himself smoothly into the group, shooing aside one of Ashido’s elbows so
he can perch himself on top of Izuku’s desk, forcing Kaminari and Hagakure to back up a
couple of steps as he stretches out his legs.
“Izuku will be eating with moi¸ obviously,” he says, carelessly self-assured in a way that
effortlessly draws attention to him, away from Izuku.
“You can’t just steal him!” Ashido protests, jabbing an elbow into Aoyama’s hip.
“Yeah,” Kaminari agrees. “What gives you first dibs?”
“Well, as the most fabulous member of 1-A, it’s only natural that Izuku will want to spend
lunch with me. Like a moth to a flame, non?”
The small crowd surges in response, shouting over each other.
“Excuse me? Who died and made you the most fabulous? I’m right here!”
“Yeah, sorry Aoyama, but Ashido is a queen.”
“As vice president, it is my responsibility to ensure Midoriya’s integration into 1-A!”
“Wait, wouldn’t it make more sense for Midoriya to be the flame? ‘Cause he has a fire quirk
and all.”
“Oh my god, you’re right. Bro, do you know what that means? We’re the moths.”
“Holy shit.”
Katsuki, always unmatched when it comes to volume, yells over the lot of them, “Sparkles
can fucking have him!”
“Ah, your king has spoken.”
“He’s not our king! We don’t have to listen to Bakugou!”
“Yeah, fuck Bakugou!”
“Fuck you! Die!”
“Wait – if Bakugou is our king and Ashido is a queen, then–”

“Don’t finish that sentence.”
With the group thoroughly distracted, at least for the moment, Izuku contemplates slipping
away. Penned in as he is though, it’s easier said than done. Not that Izuku really has
anywhere to escape to. Yesterday, he had spent lunch in the teacher’s lounge, hiding from the
overexuberance of his class with Eraser and Mic, but Eraser has already made it clear that he
doesn’t want Izuku to make that a habit.
He knows he could spend the period fairly peacefully with Aoyama, Tokoyami, and Dark
Shadow, all of whom are nice enough to spend time with Izuku with only minimal prying, but
half the class will inevitably try to join them, driven by their curiosity about the new student
in their midst. Aoyama is a blessing, gladly drawing attention away from Izuku, but he can
only pull that off for so long. Besides, it’s not entirely fair of Izuku to ask Aoyama,
Tokoyami, and Dark Shadow to abandon the groups they usually eat lunch with for his sake.
As overwhelmed as he is now, he’s going to have to get used to it eventually.
As occupied as they all are, no one turns towards the door when it slides open, but the
booming “Young Midoriya!” that comes from the entrance grabs the attention of the entire
class. All Might, larger than life, as always, stands in the threshold, and the group around
Izuku parts slightly. Izuku sees his opportunity and grabs it, darting out of his seat, through
the newly formed gap, and towards the exit of the classroom. He stops abruptly in front of
All Might, who looks down at him with vague surprise. Izuku takes a couple of small,
stuttering steps away, feeling his face go red.
“Yes, sir?” he asks after a brief pause.
“Lunch?” All Might offers, equally stilted, holding up a bento that looks comically small in
his hands. When Izuku and the rest of 1-A stare at him silently, he adds, “I was hoping to talk
to you about something.”
The explanation is vague enough to be both useless and ominous, but Izuku nods without
much thought, eager to escape his new status as the center of attention. His classmates will
talk about him when he’s gone, but their intrigue is already so high that Izuku doubts All
Might’s intervention will actually do much to stoke the fire of their gossip. Better to be talked
about than talked to, Izuku supposes, at least until he manages to get his feet back under him
when it comes to interacting with his peers instead of just observing them.
All Might leads them away from the classroom, not saying a word as Izuku follows him.
After the bustle of the classroom, the quiet is appreciated, soothing away some of the tension
that has been building in Izuku, growing exponentially throughout the course of the day.
Apprehension takes root in Izuku’s chest only after they reach a small, private meeting room,
the door clicking closed behind them. All alone with All Might, Izuku shifts nervously from
foot to foot and tries to rediscover the restful relief he had been feeling just a moment ago.
It escapes him, of course. Instead, Izuku finds himself compulsively cataloging the room – a
long table, eight chairs, a projector, a blackboard, a small couch shoved into the corner, a
bank of window on the far wall, the door which All Might did not lock and does not stand in
the way of.

There’s also a small camera near the ceiling, the inobtrusive but still clearly noticeable kind.
A red light blinks rhythmically to the side of the lens. Then, that rhythm falters and Izuku
knows that he is not so alone, after all. With his entry to the hero course, some of the
restrictions on Izuku have been relaxed. He no longer has to be under the direct supervision
of a hero at all times, but to say that he is ever left unsupervised would still be grossly
inaccurate, with Nedzu around.
The recording light blinks a new pattern.
··––··
Is everything alright?
Izuku would be removed from the situation within minutes if he gave the slightest indication
that he wanted to be. After only a second’s hesitation, Izuku nods subtly, comforted by the
simple knowledge that Nedzu is watching. It’s not as if All Might has actually done anything
to justify the rising tide of foreboding that’s currently up to about Izuku’s waist. It makes his
stomach feel cold and heavy, but All Might himself hasn’t made any move to intimidate or
otherwise cow Izuku. In fact, as soon as they are alone, the hero is obscured by a burst of
steam that clears away to reveal his smaller, emaciated form.
Truly, Izuku doesn’t expect All Might to give him any problems, but he can’t help but be
uncomfortable. After all, the man – as much as he is worshipped almost as a god by most of
the country – is only human. He has his own opinions, his own capacity for mistakes, for
cruelty, and Izuku is all too aware of the negative leanings of their interactions so far. Their
first meeting, on opposite sides of a battlefield. Their second, with Izuku in handcuffs and so
incoherent that he can only remember fragments of what happened. Their third, when All
Might pledged to save Shimura Tenko.
It was their fourth meeting that planted the seed for much of the uneasiness that Izuku feels
now. Standing close together as All Might slipped a bronze medal over Izuku’s neck, All
Might had offered a solemn, but heartfelt, “Congratulations. You have the makings of an
excellent hero.” For the first time, the man had Izuku’s full attention while Izuku’s quirk was
unsuppressed, and – Izuku hadn’t enjoyed the sensation. The mysterious quirk that had saved
hundreds of thousands of lives had felt like tar, like static, like barbed wire. Like a tangle of
frayed threads. Familiar and alien all at once, dichotomous but universally nauseating. Izuku
can’t feel it now, but the hair along his arms stands on end, all the same, as he runs a finger
along the smooth surface of the suppressing bands around his wrists.
“What did you n-need, sir?” Izuku asks when it becomes obvious that All Might will not be
the one to speak first.
“Right. Yes,” All Might begins. “Well, my boy, getting straight to the point, you’ve gotten an
offer from a hero.”
Izuku frowns. “An internship offer?” Izuku has gotten hundreds of offers and he has no idea
who the vast majority of them are from. It’s not like it actually matters, since he can’t accept
any of them.

“Yes. This one came in past the deadline, technically, but… The hero’s name is Gran Torino.”
“Gran Torino? Is he…” Izuku hesitates as he searches for the appropriate words. “About
Recovery Girl’s height? With a similar, um, no-nonsense attitude?”
“A kind way of putting it.”
“He was – wasn’t he one of the heroes g-guarding me when I was…?” Izuku trails off,
remembering the hazy days he spent in the safe house that feel like years ago.
All Might spares him from elaborating, replying, “Yes. Did you speak to him much?”
“No.” Izuku didn’t speak much at all, in that time. The only person he talked with at any
length was Tsukauchi, and even those conversations were far from coherent. “Why?”
“As I said, he put in an internship offer for you,” All Might answers, turning away from
Izuku to pace a short path back and forth across the room. “I’m trying to figure out why,
myself. Gran Torino retired a long time ago, but in the days when he was active, he spent
exactly a year teaching a UA. He was my homeroom teacher and a close friend of my
mentor.”
“Shimura Nana,” Izuku remembers.
“Yes.”
“…What happened to her?” he asks quietly after a moment of indecisive deliberation. He
suspects he already knows the answer. All Might looks at him silently, and Izuku can’t meet
his eyes, suddenly sure that he shouldn’t have asked at all.
“She died when I was just a boy,” All Might eventually answers. Izuku swallows at the
heaviness of his voice, the gravity of the words. “She fell in a battle against All for One.”
Izuku nods. He swallows again. This time it feels like swallowing a ball of needles.
Perversely, the confirmation of Izuku’s suspicions feel like a boon. His father hurt so many
people, and Izuku knew so few of their names. He knew faces and quirks and nothing more.
Shimura Nana is a name he can remember. A memory he can honor.
“May–” Izuku’s voice cracks, hoarse. He clears his throat and tries again, “Maybe that’s why.
If he was f-friends with her and my f-father…”
“No,” All Might says. His tone shocks Izuku, surprisingly gentle, kind. Startled, Izuku looks
up to see a matching look on the hero’s face. “He wouldn’t reach out to you for that reason
alone. Gran Torino has never been the sort to judge one person for the actions of another. One
of the many ways he’s a wiser man than me.”
Izuku looks away again, staring out the windows over the still campus. Reflexively, he
fidgets with the bands around his wrists, running his nails between the metal and his skin.
“H-he was your teacher?” he asks.

All Might nods. “Officially, for a year. But he taught me far more than that.”
“Why not ask him, then?” All Might blanches, an almost laughable expression on such a
large and powerful man. He shakes his head, legs visibly trembling as well, much to Izuku’s
surprise.
“I couldn’t possibly,” All Might denies vehemently. “For him to use his old name for this…
he must be planning something. Are you certain you have no ideas about why he’s taken an
interest in you?”
Izuku fidgets, shrugging helplessly, “I’m s-sorry, sir. But I’ll be doing my internship with
Eraserhead, so if he is, uh – pl-planning something, then it’s, um, it’s not going to work, at
least?”
“Maybe,” All Might allows, though he sounds incredibly doubtful. “Or maybe he knows
something that I don’t.” He shakes his head briskly. When he speaks again, his voice has
regained its characteristic boom. This is All Might speaking, Izuku realizes. The man before
– that was Yagi. “Anyway – I’ve pulled you away from your friends for long enough. Thank
you, young Midoriya, for entertaining the worries of an old man. If you hear anything else
from Gran Torino, please let me know!”
With a shallow bow, All Might retreats, leaving Izuku alone in the room. He pulls a seat away
from the table and throws himself into it, spinning around a few times. Coming to a stop, he
glances back up to the camera.
“That was weird,” he tells it.
The light blinks back: – – – · · · – · – – · –
“Not helpful.”

Day two of Hitoshi’s training is nearly satisfying. Aizawa is a stern but surprisingly patient
teacher, walking Hitoshi through physical movements, offering clear and concise solutions
for problems as Hitoshi runs into them. Even when Hitoshi needs the same move
demonstrated five times in a row, only to still mess it up when he makes his own attempt,
Aizawa maintains his bored composure, never growing obviously frustrated.
Unlike Hitoshi himself, who can’t help but keep up a running internal monolog that grows
increasingly vitriolic whenever he fails to grasp a basic concept. That’s all they do today, just
the basics. How to throw a punch, simple offensive and defensive forms, how to block,
dodge, roll, fall without busting himself up. But already, Hitoshi is struggling. Aizawa tells
him – factually, not assuringly, and yet still assuring by virtue of how factual it is – that it’s
normal to have difficulty. He says that it will get easier as Hitoshi grows more accustomed to
using his body this way.

And despite Hitoshi’s mounting frustration, the session is still nearly satisfying. Nearly. The
source of that caveat, the key obstacle, actually has nothing to do with Hitoshi’s performance.
No, it’s Midoriya’s performance that tanks Hitoshi’s mood right into bleak, bitter territory.
Of course, wonder kid Midoriya is excellent at everything, first try. Hitoshi tells himself that
it’s not a fair comparison. Midoriya obviously already knows what he’s doing, while Hitoshi
still has to learn it all. It does little to dull the sting of the fact that, somehow, Midoriya
already knows what he’s doing. He’s not only learned it, he’s perfected it. Sometimes, he
chimes in from the sidelines with tips and tricks – and goddamn him, they’re actually useful.
Somewhere in the middle of training, Hitoshi’s inner voice helpfully informs him that
Midoriya could destroy him, if he wanted to. And that’s where shit really starts going
downhill. It’s a familiar sentiment. Hadn’t Bakugou said something similar, before the
awards ceremony? Bakugou had rambled on like a mad man, and among all the crazy
bullshit, he had said Deku should have fucking destroyed you.
Midoriya catches Hitoshi’s attempt at a punch and has the gall to tell him that his “form is
good,” but he’s “projecting his intentions too obviously.” Of course, Midoriya stutters his
way through the words, but that doesn’t make them any less infuriating. Hitoshi rips his fist
away with a curt nod, diligently resetting his stance to match what Aizawa had shown him at
the beginning. The next punch Hitoshi throws, Midoriya claims is “better,” but he still
effortlessly dodges past Hitoshi’s fist.
Alright. Hitoshi can admit that Midoriya is leaps and bounds ahead of him, physically. But
just because the guy can run fast, hit hard, and whatever else, doesn’t mean he should have
destroyed Hitoshi in their match. He can duck Hitoshi’s punches as much as he likes – none
of that matters when it’s Hitoshi’s quirk that Midoriya failed to dodge. Brainwashing can
reduce even the physically strongest of people to nothing. Hitoshi has proven that.
Except – and Hitoshi hates that there’s an except, but he can’t stop himself from thinking it –
Midoriya didn’t fight back, did he? Hitoshi caught him, ordered him out of bounds, and
Midoriya went. Hitoshi won. That was that. Except everyone always resists, even if it does
them no good. Especially in the middle of a fight, struggling in Brainwashing’s grip is
basically an instinctual response.
And – and Hitoshi hates that there’s an and, when the except is already bad enough –
Midoriya hadn’t exactly denied it.
Hitoshi tells himself he’s just being paranoid. He probably is. Still, even if it’s just paranoia,
the creeping, itching feeling only gets worse as the session wears on. By the time Aizawa
calls training to a stop, Hitoshi feels like he is going to crawl out of his skin, overanalyzing
Midoriya’s every movement and coming up with nothing but more doubt. It wiggles in
through his ears and chews away at his brain. Because Midoriya didn’t fight back and
Midoriya didn’t deny it and there is no doubt at all that Midoriya could have destroyed
Hitoshi and maybe all those things together means that Midoriya should have destroyed him.
Without choosing to, Hitoshi finds himself asking, “Did you let me win?”

The question probably makes him sound like an idiot. A needy, self-conscious one, at that.
He struggles to keep his face blank while a flush rushes up the back of his neck, the heat of it
leaking into his ears. God, way to beg for validation and show just how pathetic he is in the
process. At least Midoriya is – well, Hitoshi doesn’t like him, but he seems nice enough.
Nicer than Hitoshi, at least. Hopefully he’ll just say no and move on, not make a big deal of
it, not hold it over Hitoshi’s head, not give Hitoshi a reason to search for a hole in the floor
big enough to swallow him.
Except – because there’s always a fucking exception, isn’t there, quickly working its way up
Hitoshi’s list of least favorite words – Midoriya still doesn’t deny it. He trips over nothing,
shoots a wordless look at Aizawa, wide-eyed and blank in a way that screams frantic. The
blood rushes from Hitoshi’s face fast enough to leave him dizzy.
“Oh, look at that,” Aizawa says dryly. “I’m getting a phone call. I have to take this.” There’s
not a single chime or beep or buzz. Aizawa doesn’t even bother taking his phone out of his
pocket, just turns and walks out of the building.
“Midoriya,” Hitoshi prompts, voice slightly strained. He keeps a tight grip on the knot of
anxiety in his chest, trying to keep himself from jumping to conclusions, but the longer
Midoriya is silent, the more foregone those conclusions seem. Finally, Midoriya faces him,
hands clenching spastically by his sides, eyes locked on Hitoshi’s forehead. Once, then twice,
he opens his mouth, only to close it, gaping like a fish out of water.
“I d-did,” he admits on the third try, thin and thready as if the words are being forced through
a physical barrier. “I th-thought I was trying to h-help you,” he goes on to explain, “but really,
I was just being s-s-self-fish. For what it’s w-worth, I’m s-sorry. H-h-h – I h-hope we’ll be aable to be fr-friends.”
Hitoshi blinks. “That’s not worth anything,” he says numbly.
It’s odd when paranoia is proven right. Afterall, paranoia is, by definition, irrational and
unfounded. Which means Hitoshi was never actually being paranoid at all. He was being
oblivious, and anything he mistakenly labeled “paranoia” was a niggling sense of reality. He
suspected, he feared, but he wasn’t prepared to be right. Confirmation feels like slamming
against a brick wall at a hundred miles an hour. Slowly, and then all at once, Hitoshi’s
surprise gives way to anger. He straightens his spine, glaring down at Midoriya, whose eyes
skirt from the lines of Hitoshi’s forehead to his shoulder.
“I’m not here to make friends,” Hitoshi spits, “and I don’t want your pity, either. You can take
that and shove it up your ass.”
“It’s not p-pity–”
“Oh? What is it, then? Charity? Look at the pathetic gen ed kid, look how desperate he is.
Let’s throw him a bone and then pat ourselves on the back for a job well done. Am I meant to
say thank you?”
Midoriya frowns. “No. I already said–”

“Well forgive me for not giving a shit what you have to say!” Hitoshi interrupts, wringing a
hand through the hair at the nape of his neck. “Do you have any idea how hard I worked to
get here? And you’re telling me I still wasn’t good enough? This is fucking meaningless; I
shouldn’t even be here–”
This time, it is Midoriya interrupting Hitoshi, “That’s not how it works.”
“Enlighten me then,” Hitoshi sneers. Midoriya tilts his chin back, eyes snapping to Hitoshi’s,
vibrantly green, glaring just as fiercely as Hitoshi is. His hands are tightened into still fists by
his sides, no longer fidgeting.
“I let you win,” Midoriya says, like a challenge rather than a confession, “but you beat
Katsuki all on your own. Everyone who made it to the final event was good enough. Even
some of the people who didn’t make it that far had the potential to win the entire thing.
Bracket systems are broken. Who wins and loses depends entirely on who gets matched up
against who. It’s all arbitrary. Rock, paper, scissors. Luck of the draw.”
“Sure,” Hitoshi scoffs, “talk to me about luck. That’s easy to say for someone who’s had
enough of the good kind that they can go around passing up opportunities.” Midoriya looks
away again, glaring hard at the ground.
“I get that you’re angry,” Midoriya says. A caustic laugh crawls up Hitoshi’s throat, acidic on
the back of his tongue. “But you don’t know anything about me.”
“Really? Not anything? I know that you came out of nowhere and got handed everything I’ve
ever wanted. I’m the one who won, but you’re the one who gets immediately transferred to
the hero course. I beat you and now you’re training me. But wait – I guess I didn’t really beat
you after all, now did I? This is the first chance I’ve ever been given to be something other
than the villain everyone seems to want me to be, and it’s already built on a fucking lie. You
have no idea what that’s like.” The words are like knives in Hitoshi’s mouth. They taste like
iron, metallic and sharp. Midoriya flinches back slightly. Then he goes completely, almost
eerily, still.
“I don’t know what that’s like?” he echoes.
Midoriya’s tone, suddenly quieter, close to a whisper, is simultaneously mournful and
somehow threatening. Abruptly, Hitoshi remembers all the other things he knows about
Midoriya, remembers exactly who he is dealing with. Midoriya’s father is a villain. Was a
villain. He’s not anymore, not after Midoriya did whatever he did. And that knowledge alone
is terrifying, has always been terrifying. Even Midoriya himself can be more than little bit
scary sometimes, with his obvious competence and occasional intensity, but Hitoshi hasn’t
bothered to really, really consider the boy in front of him as someone who could potentially
be dangerous.
“I came from nowhere?” Midoriya continues, louder, voice trembling. “I got handed a seat in
the hero course? I’m not even technically enrolled in 1-A. I’m in a rehabilitation program.
You’ve been called a villain? I’ve been one. You think you’re living a lie? Get in line.”

“It’s not the same,” Hitoshi counters, though his own voice shakes around the edges. He
stands his ground but only barely, shifting his weight backwards. “You – you got a second
chance. I’ve never even been given a first one.”
Midoriya laughs, choked, “I haven’t been given anything. Everything I have, I’ve taken.”
Tears build along the rims of his eyes, glittering beneath the harsh lights of the gym. He rubs
them away, lips pulling back in a frustrated grimace.
“Well, someone like you can get away with that.”
“Someone like me?”
“You have an amazing quirk.”
“My quirk?” Midoriya repeats, a baffled echo. Hitoshi takes a step back, mouth twisting
uncomfortably. “God, Shinsou, do you even hear what you’re saying?”
Hitoshi opens his mouth to retort but Midoriya cuts him off, spitting to the side. A lick of
flame shoots from his mouth, darting up and zigzagging chaotically through the air until it
comes to rest, floating and flickering above Midoriya’s hand. As Hitoshi watches, stiff and on
the defensive, the fingers of that same hand shift, elongating and darkening until the tips are
solid black and wickedly sharp. Orange and yellow lights dance off the suddenly reflective
surface of Midoriya’s skin, dazzling Hitoshi’s eyes. Blue filaments join the lightshow, bright,
wavering lines stretching from Midoriya’s palm and between his fingers.
“Do you get it, yet?” Midoriya asks.
“What the–”
For a moment, Hitoshi loses himself. The white noise of his thoughts swarms into a thick,
white fog that swallows him whole. He presses against it, and it presses back. It seeps
through him, fills him up, surrounds him completely, until he doesn’t know where he stops
and where it begins.
“Listen to me,” a voice says, and Hitoshi does. “Let this sink in. There’s more to people than
quirks. And there’s more to quirks than meets the eye. You, of all people, should know that.”
And then Hitoshi belongs to himself again, though he can still hardly think. Sights and
sensations filter back into his conscious mind, and he blinks blearily as he momentarily
struggles to process them all. His eyes find Midoriya, standing across from Hitoshi,
appearing disoriented in his own right as he stares at his hands. They are back to normal,
now. Small and innocuous.
“What the hell?” Hitoshi asks weakly, finishing the question that had been so
unceremoniously interrupted.
Midoriya looks from his hands to Hitoshi, eyes growing wide, then wider still. A tremor
starts in the tips of his fingers, propagating through his frame until even the ends of his hair
are quivering faintly. One of his hands covers his mouth, fingers digging divots into his

cheeks. His breath hitches against his palm. Hitoshi takes a step backwards and glances to the
door, wondering if the time has come to get Aizawa. Midoriya follows the retreat, reaching
out, only to yank his hand back away again, like Hitoshi has burned him.
“I’m sorry!” Midoriya blurts, voice muffled against his hand.
“For what?” Hitoshi asks dumbly.
“For – for–” Hitoshi uses the response to snag Midoriya, to subdue the blossoming hysteria
that Hitoshi can very clearly see and very much does not want to have to deal with. Midoriya
continues, fragmented and frantic, but unaffected by Hitoshi’s attempts to brainwash him, “I
didn’t m-mean to! I just – I’m s-stressed, and I g-got a-a-an- I got m-mad, and I–”
“Midoriya,” Hitoshi interjects. The other boy falls silent with a tense whine. “What did you
do?”
“Your q-quirk,” Midoriya answers, tugging at his own hair, and Hitoshi still can’t grab him.
“I-I – I t-took it. I’m s-sorry, I didn’t – I d-don’t – fuck! – I sh-shouldn’t have d-d-done that.
Oh g-god.” In a flash, Midoriya has moved forward, instantly in a surprised and confused
Hitoshi’s personal space, snatching up his wrist before he can backpedal away. Midoriya’s
fingers, clammy and pale, sneak up Hitoshi’s sleeve. Midoriya stares intently at where they
touch, mumbling, seemingly to himself, “I’ll g-give it b-back. It’s f-fine. I k-knew this was
going to h-hap-pen. They n-never should h-have – god, I h-hope those o-ord-orders d-don’t
st-stick.”
After a couple of long seconds, Midoriya drops Hitoshi’s wrist, immediately backing away.
As brief as the contact was, Hitoshi’s skin prickles and twitches where Midoriya’s fingers had
dug in. Midoriya stares at him, bug-eyed and ashen. All Hitoshi can do is stare back, brows
creasing together as he fails, for once, to find anything to say or ask. A tense moment later,
Midoriya breaks the silence.
“You can r-report me,” he says, coherent now, but clearly still more emotional than Hitoshi is
prepared to deal with. “I – just tell Nedzu or E-Eraser and they’ll – they’ll take c-care of it.”
With those parting words, Midoriya turns and runs out of the building, leaving Hitoshi
behind. He stares at the doors for a moment, waiting for someone to come and offer any kind
of explanation. Waiting for Midoriya to barge back in, waiting for Aizawa to slump through
the doors. Waiting for either of them to tell Hitoshi what the hell just happened.
No one comes.
Hitoshi is left standing alone, wondering what the hell he is even meant to be reporting.
Obviously, something has happened. Something important. But Hitoshi doesn’t know what or
how. He doesn’t know how they went from yelling at each other to Midoriya fleeing like a
bat out of hell. He doesn’t know what I took it, I’ll give it back is meant to mean. None of it
makes any sense. He closes a hand around his own wrist, squeezing until the dull ache of
pressure replaces the phantom sensation of Midoriya’s grip.

Chapter End Notes

Catching me reorganizing the scene order of this part half a dozen times before just
saying “fuck it,” and leaving them wherever they ended up.
Katsuki: Deku, you were a villain. This is UA.
Izuku: So?
Katsuki: So, that’s against the rules and you can’t sit with us.
Nedzu: *watching all of UA’s drama through the cameras*
Nedzu: juicy :)
Hitoshi: I am the only person who has ever had a hard time with anything! You have no
idea what it’s like!
Izuku: That’s it. I’m tired of being nice. Time to go apeshit.
Next Chapter: Brainwashing – Part IV
Update: Jul 1

Chapter 32: Brainwashing - Part IV
Chapter Notes

Weird to be posting on a day other than Friday. Normally, if I don’t get a chapter done in
time, I just hold it back a week for consistency’s sake, but I’ll be out of town and unable
to update next week, so here we are.
There was also supposed to be another scene in this part, but then the first two scenes
were 7k and the third scene’s outline was 4.5 pages (usually they’re less than 2). You
know how people say that authors put pieces of themselves into all their characters?
Well, all these characters have inherited my absolute inability to shut the fuck up. They
talk and talk and talk and I am absolutely powerless to stop them. The second scene
alone is longer than some previous parts.
Okay, now the Discord really provided this week! First of all, the art! From Dev, we
have this! She played around with a few different versions, and I also really liked this
one!
Gem drew this scene from ch16, and Eggs made this cute little Izuku! Thank you all!!!
We also have a ton of memes. Many of which are morse code related because I pissed
off the Discord, whoops :)
Rhino: X X
Slushy: X X X X X X X X X
Snowy: X X X X X X X X X
Soft: X
Ume: X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Sometimes, this whole guardianship business feels like counting the days between massive
fuck ups, always hoping to set a new record and rarely succeeding. Izuku stumbles two steps
out of the gym and looks side to side, glazed eyes scanning over his surroundings, probably
too rapidly to really interpret any of what he is seeing. Shouta, seated on the ledge of a
cracked-open window, hops down from his perch. He ignores the twinge that landing sends
through his knee, approaching Izuku to grab him firmly by the upper arms. Immediately, the
kid grasps back, reaching for Shouta’s capture weapon with fumbling fingers.
“W-where are my c-cuffs?” he asks, tripping over the words as they spill off his tongue too
quickly. “I’m sup-posed to – I n-need–”
Shouta moves his grip from Izuku’s bicep to his wrist, halting the uncoordinated movements
of the kid’s hands while Shouta retrieves the bands from an internal pocket of his jumpsuit.
With unnerving focus, Izuku watches Shouta’s progress, eyes intent on the glint of silver even

after the bands are snapped into place and Izuku’s quirk is sealed away again. Then Izuku’s
gaze, stricken and overwhelmed, shifts to meet Shouta’s. Shouta curses under his breath.
“How are you feeling?” he asks firmly, maintaining eye contact. It’s a stupid question when
all the kid’s emotions are written in his eyes, none of them good, but it’s become nearly
routine at this point. Izuku blinks, visibly anchoring himself.
“I’m feeling,” he responds. There is nothing comforting about the words, really, but Shouta
finds himself relieved, nevertheless. Priority one – averting a complete breakdown – secured.
Priority two – getting some damn privacy away from nosey passersby and the all-seeing eyes
of the rat – still in progress. Hopefully Shinsou can handle the fallout of their confrontation
alone because Izuku certainly can’t. Shouta hates to prioritize one student over another to this
extreme, but when one of those students is his kid – his traumatized and mentally unstable
kid, at that – the choice is easy to make, regardless of the sour taste it leaves in his mouth.
Keeping a grounding hand on Izuku’s shoulder, Shouta steers them back to the apartment.
Izuku matches Shouta’s brisk pace without complaint, head down, bottom lip pinched
between his teeth, hands tangled together. Occasionally, his breath hitches, but he is holding
himself together remarkably well. Ironically, this only put Shouta more on edge. Shouta
continues to guide Izuku through the apartment, leading him to the couch and pressing down
on his shoulders until he sits mechanically. Bastard runs off to her closet, likely sensing the
emotional tension, while Disco watches with curious caution from one of the stools by the
counter. Unfortunately, Lucy, the best comfort animal on god’s green earth and Izuku’s
undisputed favorite, is nowhere to be seen.
“Is that my dearest husband and greenbean I hear?” Hizashi sings from down the hall. The
bathroom door is cracked open, a faint hiss of running water carrying through. Shouta looks
from the narrow line of light spilling into the hallway to Izuku and back again.
“Stay here,” he orders. “I’ll be right back.”
With that, Shouta bolts to the bathroom. He wants – needs, if he’s being entirely honest –
Hizashi’s support, which means Hizashi needs to be filled in on the situation. Filling Hizashi
in requires leaving Izuku alone, and considering that the kid is probably catastrophizing,
Shouta’s not sure it’s a worthwhile trade off, but chances are good he’ll make things worse if
he tries to navigate the mire of Izuku’s emotions on his own.
In the bathroom, Hizashi stands in front of the running sink, a towel wrapped around his
shoulders to protect his shirt as he runs wet fingers through his hair. He grins when Shouta
joins him, but sobers quickly, moving to shut the water off. Shouta intercepts him, not
wanting Izuku to overhear the conversation.
“What happened?” Hizashi asks, tangling their fingers together.
“I fucked up,” Shouta answers flatly.
“Is Izuku alright?”
“Physically, yes; mentally, probably not.”

“Are you alright?” Shouta gives Hizashi a look, but not an answer.
“Shinsou asked Izuku about their match,” he says instead, explaining as quickly and
concisely as he can. “I left them alone to work it out. They argued. Izuku got angry at some
of Shinsou’s assumptions, stole his quirk, used it against him, returned it, ran away, and is
now freaking out. I fucked up, Zashi.”
Angel that he is, Hizashi takes only a second to process the information Shouta has unloaded
on him, shutting the sink off with a decisive nod. He gives his dripping hair a perfunctory
ruffle before dropping the towel carelessly to the ground and pushing Shouta out of the
bathroom.
“Go get Lucy,” he instructs, heading straight to the living room. Izuku still sits on the couch,
twisted around to peer at them over the back of it. Shouta grimaces internally at the fearful
nerves on display in the kid’s eyes, heading for Izuku’s room to begin his search for the cat.
Luckily, Lucy is in the first place Shouta thinks to look, laying in a spot of evening sun that
stretches across Izuku’s bed. Usually, Shouta is diligent about not startling Lucy. It’s not like
the fluffball can hear them coming, unlike the other demons. It’s easy enough to walk into
Lucy’s sightline when he’s awake or pat the space next to him when his eyes are closed. Now,
though, Shouta scoops the cat up directly, ignoring the startled squeak and squirm his actions
elicit in favor of hurrying back to the living room.
Izuku and Hizashi are both on the couch, now. They sit cross-legged, sideways, so they can
face one another. Izuku’s hands are balled up on top of his thighs and his eyes are directed at
his ankles, though his stare is a thousand yards beyond them. Shouta reaches over the back of
the couch and drops a disgruntled Lucy between the two. Izuku welcomes the cat into his lap,
fists loosening as he reflexively runs his fingers through Lucy’s fur, combing out loose
strands and confetti. Shouta rounds the couch to sit on the coffee table, making the point of a
triangle formation.
Looking between Shouta and Hizashi, Izuku takes a shaky breath and then hardens with
determination. There is still a brittleness to his resolve, a brittleness to the whole of him, like
he might break into pieces. It’s a look Izuku wears less frequently every day, though still too
often, and Shouta has never entirely figured out how to handle it. Thankfully, Hizashi is
remarkably better. Shouta is certain that whatever conclusion the kid has drawn is backwards
and flawed and overly self-recriminating, and sure enough, Izuku opens his mouth and
proves Shouta right.
“I stole Shinsou’s quirk,” he confesses in a remarkably even voice, like he is laying his sins
before god. His bottom lip trembles, but he purses his mouth to stop it and plows on, even as
his words start to shake and stutter, “I – I told him to r-report me, but I didn’t – I wanted to ttell you mys-self.” A careful breath. “He made me – no, I-I got angry, so I stole his quirk and
I used it aga-against him. On – On purpose. I l-lashed out and I – I didn’t even th-think, I just
wanted him to shut up, so I f-forced him to. H-he was just u-upset, but I d-didn’t even care–”
As Izuku speaks, he speeds up, words growing harder to understand. Hizashi reaches
forward, laying a hand on Izuku’s knee and squeezing. Izuku blinks, teeth clacking together
as he bites off his ramble and clenches his jaw. He glares at Hizashi with red-rimmed eyes,

tears sparkling along his waterline but not spilling over, an intensely baleful expression that
looks out of place on the kid’s face. None of the ire there is actually directed towards Hizashi,
of course. It’s all for Izuku, loathing of the self-variety. Shouta doesn’t even want to imagine
how bad the kid’s internal state must be if that much of it is leaking out into the world. In
Izuku’s lap, Lucy meows quietly as Izuku’s reflexive petting grows a tad too rough. Izuku
gentles immediately, some of the hard edges of his anger dulling into a weary regret.
“I’m in trouble, aren’t I?”
Sighing, Shouta leans back on his hands, exchanging a look with Hizashi. Shouta’s temples
throb, pulse thumping like a bass drum behind his eyes. He fights the urge to pinch the bridge
of his nose. Without a doubt, Izuku would take the gesture personally and do something
ridiculous like internalize guilt over giving Shouta a headache, on top of everything else the
kid is already beating himself up over.
“I don’t have a satisfactory answer to that question,” Shouta admits. “It’s complicated.”
Uncomplicate it, Shouta would say, if he were on the other side of this conversation. Izuku,
more patient and forgiving than Shouta deserves, only frowns slightly as he waits for
elaboration. “It depends on what Shinsou does next,” is the best Shouta can offer.
“I told him he could report me. To y-you or Nedzu. And then–”
And then the incident would be reported to the committee, and they would meet to evaluate
the severity of the incident and determine consequences. Given that Izuku was provoked and
no one was harmed, surely Izuku would just be issued a warning. Except the committee had
several members who had been staunchly against Izuku from the beginning, who could
conceivably use even a small infraction to turn anyone with doubts about the program to their
side. Shouta isn’t naïve enough to ignore that possibility, but it’s horrifying to confront, and
he doesn’t want Izuku’s anxiety-prone mind to linger on it.
“We will deal with that if it happens,” Shouta says firmly.
“If?”
“You’re operating on the assumption that Shinsou is going to report you,” Hizashi points out
gently.
“Why wouldn’t he?” Izuku asks, as if the mere possibility hadn’t so much as occurred to him.
“I stole his quirk.”
“And you gave it back so quickly he didn’t even seem to realize what had happened,” Shouta
adds. “You didn’t hurt him.” Izuku stares hard at Lucy for a moment, fingers scratching a
fast, compulsive rhythm between the cat’s shoulder blades.
“That doesn’t matter!” he blurts, Lucy jumping as the hand in his fur abruptly flattens out. “I
stole his quirk! That was – I shouldn’t have done that. He should report me. I fucked up! And
I – I knew – this c-can’t–”

“Only Shinsou gets to decide what Shinsou should do,” Hizashi says as Izuku’s abandoned
sentences trail off. “He might report you, and we’ll handle it if he does. But he might not
even do that in the first place.”
“He’ll do it,” Izuku whispers with steadfast certainty. “He hates me.”
“Shinsou doesn’t hate you,” Shouta corrects firmly. “Shinsou doesn’t even know you.”
“…He acts like he hates me.”
Internally, Shouta winces. Today’s incident was Shinsou’s first real display of aggression
towards Izuku, but he had been pointedly standoffish through both of their training sessions.
Barring some discomfort and awkwardness, which seemed to give Izuku problems whenever
he interacted with any of his peers, Izuku had weathered Shinsou’s attitude remarkably well.
Shouta should have seen the escalation coming, and he should have realized that Izuku was
more effected by it than he showed. Two more ways he handled the situation incorrectly, just
great.
“He doesn’t know how else to act,” Shouta says. Vividly, he remembers his own beginnings
at UA. He likes to think that he had never been quite as bad as Shinsou, but he had been
saturated with his own kind of bitterness back then, and he had spent too long resenting the
efforts of the people who tried to drag him out of that pit.
“And if he doesn’t report me?” Izuku asks, sounding lost. “It’s just – it’s like it never even
happened?”
“No. It will always have happened. At the very least, Shinsou’s going to have questions, and
at this point he deserves some of the answers. Actions always have consequences, we just…
don’t know what they’ll be, yet.” It burns Shouta to admit, especially when Izuku hunches in
on himself in response, folding around Lucy. Shouta swallows and continues, “I owe you an
apology. I thought it would be best if the two of you worked out your issues on your own, and
I hoped that you could help knock some sense into the kid. But I shouldn’t have left the two
of you alone. So, I’m sorry.”
Izuku side-eyes him. “It’s not y-your fault. I’m the one who–”
“You were antagonized and responded accordingly. I’m the one who put you in that situation
to begin with.”
He should have intervened as soon as Shinsou started blindly poking raw nerves. He
shouldn’t have hoped that Izuku would be the one to make Shinsou see sense when that’s
Shouta’s job. He never should have left them alone in the first place, just because he didn’t
want to be dragged into their messy adolescent drama. This could have been avoided so
easily, but Shouta dodged every reasonable course of action to embroil them in a situation
that was too many varieties of complicated. A situation that Izuku would blame himself for,
no matter the outcome.
Hizashi reaches out, grabs Shouta by the shoulder, and shakes him. “Knock it off,” he scolds.
“We don’t need the both of you blaming yourselves. Here’s what we’ll do – I’ll talk to

Shinsou tomorrow morning and, if you’re both comfortable with it, then we can try to have
an actual mediated conversation after school. Yeah?”
From this angle, Shouta can’t see Izuku’s face, with his head hung and the mess of his hair in
the way. Shouta can see the hitch of the kid’s shoulders though, and a second later he can
hear the muffled sniffle that follows. Miraculously, Izuku had gotten through the conversation
without crying, only to lose it now, as soon as they had seemingly found some kind of
resolution. Shouta, who was finally beginning to relax, tenses up again.
“I just…” Izuku says, thick and wet, “I just want to k-know what’s going to ha-happen.
Something h-has to… It can’t – It c-can’t be like th-this f-forever, it can’t l-last.”
“Oh kiddo,” Hizashi sighs, shuffling closer until he can comfortably wrap an arm around
Izuku’s shoulders. “You’re right. Nothing lasts forever. But if we get our way, it’s only going
to get better from here.”
Someday, hope for a better future won’t be a topic that makes Izuku sob. That’s Shouta’s
own, private hope. For now, though, Izuku cries, and Hizashi wraps him up in his arms, and
Lucy allows himself to be squished between them, and Shouta – Shouta will make himself
useful and make some hot chocolate for when everyone calms down.

Izuku waits for the other shoe to drop, expecting it sharp and quick, like the fall of a
guillotine blade. Things that seem too good to be true generally are and this… The last
couple of weeks have been awful. Terrifying and overwhelming and exhausting. And so
ridiculously, unbelievably good. Far better than Izuku deserves. Mic’s unwavering
compassion, Eraser’s firm guidance, Nedzu’s infectious curiosity, class 1-A’s enthusiastic
welcome. Izuku has known from the beginning that he doesn’t have a right to any of this, and
now he’s gone and messed it up and everyone else will finally know, too.
Nothing good lasts forever. Especially not for people like Izuku, who tend to ruin every good
thing they touch.
So, Izuku waits like a man with a noose around his neck, anticipating the moment that the
chair keeping him up is kicked out from under him. Through the evening and the night, he
waits for the phone to ring, waits for Eraser to get the call that will bring this whole charade
to an end. When it doesn’t come, he waits for the morning, and he walks into class A
expecting to be seized and dragged away. Instead, he sits, tense, through homeroom and first
period, and then he splits off from the rest of the class for his private lessons with Nedzu,
where he waits for Nedzu to broach the issue. Maybe the principal’s eyes sparkle more than
usual, Izuku can’t tell for sure, but the being says nothing on the subject, and dismisses Izuku
like normal. Then Izuku waits for lunch, and, more specifically, he waits for Shinsou. With
dread bubbling thick enough in his stomach that he doubts he’ll be able to eat, and, unable to
avoid the cafeteria, he walks through the doors and waits for Shinsou to show up and tear

everything down. It would be an easy enough thing to do; Izuku’s world seems to be made of
paper mache, these days.
“Let’s find somewhere to sit before the place fills up,” Hagakure says, bouncing up on her
toes as she scans the lunchroom for a table with enough seats. Izuku looks dubiously around
the room. As large as it is, there’s already a crowd of other students scattered throughout.
“Are we all going to fit?” Kaminari asks, echoing Izuku’s unspoken doubt.
“The round tables seat, what, ten?” Ashido says as she joins Hagakure’s search. “That way
we can all talk!”
“There are thirteen of us.”
“I’m great at Tetris!” Ashido exclaims, bopping a fist into her palm. “We can just put
Bakugou in Kirishima’s lap and–”
“Oh, fuck no!” Katsuki interrupts. He pushes his way past the gaggle of his classmates,
glaring at them all, but Ashido especially. “I’m not eating with you losers, at all. I’ll be in my
usual spot, and the rest of you will stay far the hell away from me!” Katsuki’s eyes flicker to
Izuku for just a moment, then he huffs, squares his jaw, and storms away without further
word. Ashido rolls her eyes.
“Right, well, he just made my job easier, so good riddance! Now we only need two lap
volunteers. Or four? We need two lap-ees and two lap-eers.”
“Um, actually Ashido,” Kirishima says, scratching behind his ear, “I should probably go with
him.” With a sheepish smile, he turns to Izuku, “Sorry Mido! I just don’t want to leave him
all alone, you know? Wouldn’t be very manly of me. We’ll definitely talk some other time,
though!”
“I’ll go, too,” Sero says, with none of Kirishima’s guilty hesitance. “No offense guys, but it’s
a little bit too crowded for me.” Izuku – who heartily agrees and would definitely do the same
exact thing if not for the fact that the crowd would simply follow him – is not offended in the
slightest. If anything, he’s jealous. Sero offers a lazy wave, and then walks away, ignoring
Ashido and Kaminari’s boos and groans of complaint. Kirishima, following after Sero, turns
to shrug at them, an apologetic gesture that seems to say you do what you gotta do.
“I guess no one has to sit in anyone’s lap, then,” Ashido says when she and Kaminari stop
jeering. Izuku thinks she might sound a bit disappointed.
“It’s for the best,” Iida says. “It would be highly inappropriate, and as class representative–”
“Deputy representative,” Hagakure corrects, slinging an arm around Yaoyorozu’s shoulders.
Yaoyorozu hunches over, pulled down by Hagakure’s shorter height, flustering for a moment
before regaining her composure.
Iida continues as if he hadn’t been interrupted, “I can’t condone such behavior!”

“Not like it matters anymore. Now, we just need an empty table.” Ashido snaps her fingers,
pointing to a nearby table with a lone student at it. “Hey Tokoyami, think you could use Dark
Shadow to scare that girl away?” Tokoyami looks to the indicated table, resettling his weight
slightly. Given that Dark Shadow stopped manifesting as soon as class ended and the
everyone started to gravitate towards Izuku, he is fairly sure she doesn’t like large groups, but
she emerges now, small, fuzzy-edged head peaking out from Tokoyami’s collar as she hisses.
“We would prefer not to,” Tokoyami says neutrally.
Ashido pouts but doesn’t press. “Aw, alright. Spotted any good real estate, Hagakure?”
“Nope!”
“I, uh, I might see a spot,” Uraraka speaks up. “It’s at one of the long tables, but it looks like
we’ll all fit!”
Ashido cheers. Izuku feels a little nauseous. As nerve wracking as it is, to just stand here at
the entrance to the cafeteria as other students move around them, it was nice to have the
group somewhat distracted by the question of where they were going to sit. Once they’re
sitting down, all of their questions are going to be for Izuku.
“Are you alright, Midoriya?”
Izuku startles, nearly turning an ankle as he stumbles and looks to Asui. “Ah! Asui.”
She stares back at him with wide eyes, and from his time watching 1-A, Izuku knows that
those eyes are incredibly observant, far more than one might expect. Asui’s face is hard to
read, and that only makes her gaze more intense. She has a habit of devoting 110% of her
attention to whatever she is looking at, a disconcerting amount of scrutiny to be subject to.
She had looked at Izuku the same way at the USJ. He wonders what she had seen then, how it
matches with what she sees now.
“Call me Tsu.”
He swallows and answers her question, “I’m, uh – I’m f-fine.”
“You look a little green, kero,” she says. Unconsciously, he hangs his head slightly, ruffling a
hand through the curls that are growing out at the nape of his neck. It could be a joke about
his coloring – he’s certainly heard that one before – but it’s just as likely that his ill feeling
has made its way to his face.
“I’m just – I’m a little t-tired, is all.”
“A lot has happened,” she agrees. “You’re uncomfortable around people, aren’t you?”
Izuku tenses, stammers half a noise, cuts himself off. It’s a harmless observation. He’d made
a similar one about Dark Shadow just a moment ago. But the implications of his own
discomfort immediately fill his head. He is uncomfortable with people because he hasn’t had
much opportunity to be around them in the last five years. He is uncomfortable around these

people in particular because they are hero hopefuls, the light of the future, and he is, at best,
an ex-villain, the shadow of their past.
Asui – Tsu – tips her head. After a moment, she looks deliberately away and says, “Sorry. I
tend to say whatever I’m thinking. I can be blunt.”
“It’s a-alright,” Izuku tells her honestly. There are far worse things she could have said to
him, far worse thoughts she must be having. “You’re right. I, uh, I’m not – very g-good with
people.”
Tsu hums and nods. They have reached the table that Uraraka spotted for them, and Izuku sits
in the nearest seat, not allowing himself to linger on the decision, knowing that even such a
small thing would make his anxiety ratchet up higher. Aoyama sits to his right, and as Ashido
protests this arrangement, Tokoyami silently takes the seat to Izuku’s left. Tsu, though, stays
standing behind Izuku, and as Uraraka passes her to pick a seat of her own, Tsu reaches out
and taps her shoulder.
“What’s up, Tsu?” Uraraka asks.
“We should go sit somewhere else.”
Confused, Uraraka frowns. “Why? There’s enough room for all of us.”
“Midoriya is tired,” Tsu says simply. “We should leave him alone.” Uraraka makes a small,
wordless exclamation. Izuku’s shoulders hunch up near his ears at the feeling of her eyes on
him. He stares firmly at his hands, clasped together in his lap.
“Oh,” Uraraka says. Her disappointment is palpable, like sandpaper against Izuku’s skin. It
softens a moment later. “If you say so. Come on, Iida!”
“Huh?” Iida asks, already slinging a leg over a seat on the other side of the table. “As class
representative, I should get to know our newest classmate, and lunch is the most efficient
socialization time in the day.”
“Well, I actually had a question I was hoping to ask you about the math homework.”
“The math homework? Uraraka, that’s due today!”
“I know, that’s why it’s important,” Uraraka laughs, embarrassed. She presses her hands
together in front of her chest. “Please, Iida!”
Iida frowns for a second, but then sighs and nods briskly. “I don’t approve of such negligent
procrastination, but I’m always glad to offer assistance where I can!”
“Ah, thank you! You’re a life saver!” With a cheery smile and a wave, Uraraka grabs Iida by
the elbow and pulls him away, Tsu following after.
Izuku relaxes fractionally. It was almost inevitable that lunch would be terribly
overwhelming, but at least the crowd around him has reduced by half. Six people, as loud and

intense as that number may be, is still a drastic improvement from twelve. Kaminari,
Hagakure, and Yaoyorozu all sit across the table, while Ashido sits on Aoyama’s other side.
“Man,” she sighs, leaning forward and into Aoyama’s space to get closer to Izuku, “this isn’t
nearly as fun, now.”
“Oh, but Ashido,” Hagakure says. Izuku can’t see her expression, obviously, but the tone of
her voice and the way she brings one gloved hand over her mouth – or where Izuku imagines
her mouth to be – conveys a coy slyness that instantly sets Izuku on edge. “Consider this:
now we have him all to ourselves!”
“Excellent point!” Ashido exclaims while Izuku muffles a squeak behind his teeth.
“To yourselves?” Aoyama asks, bemused. “Are you forgetting about the rest of us?”
“Well, no,” Hagakure allows, “but you have to admit it will be a lot easier to get all the hot
goss this way.”
“‘Hot goss?’” Yaoyorozu repeats. Ashido and Hagakure both laugh at her perplexed
expression, the careful way she enunciates the words. Izuku fidgets, clenching his hands
tighter together. Aoyama reaches across the table to pat Yaoyorozu’s arm with a sympathetic
hum.
“The gossip,” he informs her.
Ashido, still giggling, nods, “Yeah!”
“Oh.” Yaoyorozu cuts her eyes towards Izuku, a small frown pulling at her mouth. “I don’t
know about that. It sounds a little…”
“We don’t mean it in, like, a mean way or anything!” Ashido assures, speaking to both
Yaoyorozu and Izuku while Hagakure vehemently agrees. “We’re just curious, ya know?
Come on, Yaoyorozu, you must be, too! Aren’t you and Todoroki friends?” Yaoyorozu’s eyes
widen. She smooths small strands of her hair behind her ears, glancing off to the side.
“I don’t know about friends, necessarily, but we’re… acquaintances.”
“I think that’s as close to friends as Todoroki gets,” Kaminari says dryly. A moment later, he
yelps, glaring accusingly at Hagakure. “Your elbows are sharp! Watch where you’re putting
those things!”
“Whoops,” she says unrepentantly. “Anyway, Midoriya, I heard that you managed to make
Todoroki use his fire!”
“Um.”
“He did! C’est vrai.”
“You have to tell us how you managed that!”

Izuku hesitates, unable to meet any of the expectant eyes that are staring at him. Even
Yaoyorozu is waiting curiously, though she is not looking at him quite so blatantly as Ashido
and Kaminari and presumably Hagakure, whose stare Izuku can feel, if not see. After a
moment, he shakes his head and shrugs helplessly, words escaping him. Aoyama leans
forward, resting his elbows against the table. He smiles, a small, private thing, like he is
about to share confidential information.
“You should have seen it, it was truly incroyable,” he says with easy gravitas. “One moment
he was in our arms – and the next! He was with team Todoroki, pursuing the points they had
stolen from us. He stole Todoroki’s headband, hit him upside the head with a metal staff, and
retreated, all before Todoroki could launch a proper defense. Todoroki must have gotten
desperate, because that’s when he used the fire, trying to keep our team from reuniting, but of
course, that did him little good against our fire bending Izuku.” He sends a wink Izuku’s way
as he finishes, basking in the awed noises of Ashido and Hagakure.
“It was pretty amazing,” Yaoyorozu agrees, though she is frowning softly and rubbing the top
of her shoulder.
Izuku grimaces. “Sorry,” he says, for the second time. Yaoyorozu, eyes briefly hazy with
recollection, looks at him, hurrying to shake her head.
“No, no. You’re fine. You surprised me at the time, but you got the points fair and square. It
didn’t hurt that much, honestly.”
“What did he do?” Hagakure asks eagerly. Yaoyorozu flushes and Izuku grimaces again,
deeper this time.
“St-stood on her. And Uraraka. So I wouldn’t t-touch the ground.”
“Wait,” Ashido blurts. “Like Bakugou? I thought he was crazy for doing that!”
Izuku jumps as Kaminari slams a fist onto the table. “Bakugou!” he shouts. “What’s the deal
with you two, anyway? Like, I’m not imaging it, right?” He turns to Ashido who nods in
support. “There’s definitely something going on there!”
Izuku’s mouth goes dry. His tongue feels thick and stiff, and it sticks to the back of teeth that
are suddenly locked in space. He forces himself to swallow, and the wet clicking noise of it
fills his ears. Here they are, gossiping about Izuku’s confrontations with Todoroki, like that is
the thing most worth talking about. They must know better. Were they beating around the
bush out of kindness or reckless disregard? Do they realize what they are asking him now, by
bringing up Katsuki? He swallows again.
“Bakugou has a problem with everyone,” Aoyama dismisses casually while Izuku is stuck
like a dear in headlights.
Undeterred, Ashido insists, “Not like this! He calls him Deku! What’s the deal with that? Is
that your v– Ow!” Across from her, Kaminari widens his eyes conspicuously. “Fine, geeze,”
she mutters. “You didn’t need to kick me.”

They know, Izuku thinks, verging on hysterical. They all know. Of course they know. He
already knew that they knew. It’s good they know. Lambs shouldn’t stay ignorant of wolves
in their midst. These questions, this cheer. They are curious, but they’re treating him like this
because they are being careful. Careful with him, careful of him. Like he is porcelain, or
maybe a time bomb. Izuku can’t tell the difference. Can they?
“That’s a very personal question,” Yaoyorozu scolds after a silence that stretches a few
seconds too long. “Maybe Asui had the right idea.”
“What?” Ashido asks, voice rising in pitch as she approaches a whine. “I was just curious,
since when is that a crime?”
Sternly, Yaoyorozu frowns, “It’s a crime when you make your classmates uncomfortable,
Ashido.”
“A classroom crime,” Kaminari agrees solemnly.
“Maybe we should go…”
“No,” Ashido groans, three syllables longer than the single word should be. “We haven’t
gotten the chance to talk hardly at all!”
“It’s only his third day,” Hagakure points out, more subdued than before. “There’ll be plenty
of time to talk later on. When he’s had some more time to, um, adjust, maybe.”
“No, no, no. Look, I won’t ask about Bakugou or any of the – other stuff, swear. Pinky
promise! And let me tell you, my pinky promises are the super special unbreakable kind. I’m
very trustworthy! That’s fine, right Mido?”
“I–” Izuku says and gets no further. He can’t think of anything else to say, much less force
the words out of his mouth, out of his throat that closes down around them like a vice.
“That means scram,” Dark Shadow says, suddenly popping up over the edge of the table,
yellow eyes neon bright and menacing.
“You too, Tokoyami?” Ashido laments, resting her arms in front of her and collapsing into
them. “The entire table, plotting against me. Fine! Let’s go.” She springs back up, jumping
out of her seat in the same movement. As Kaminari and Hagakure stand, Ashido takes a few
steps away, but then she stops and turns back, rocking on her heels with her arms folded
behind her. “I really am sorry if I made you uncomfortable, Midoriya. I’ll try to be better
about it the next time we talk. Okay, bye!” Half-skipping, half-jogging, she goes off to a
different table, and with soft apologies of their own, Kaminari and Hagakure both follow.
The only person remaining on the other side of the table, Yaoyorozu taps her hands on the
tabletop. A second later, she nods resolutely to herself and stands.
“Sorry,” she says. “I know that we – 1-A – can be… a lot. They didn’t mean any harm.
They’re just excited. The questions…” She takes a deep breath and looks Izuku in the eye
with uncharacteristic directness. “What you tell us and when is up to you. We trust our

teachers. If you never want to tell us what brought you here, you don’t have to. But… just for
the record, I don’t think you need to be afraid to tell us. We really are happy to have you,
Izuku. Thanks for letting us sit with you for a bit.”
Eyes stinging, Izuku reaches across the table as Yaoyorozu turns to leave. He catches himself
just short of touching her, but she stops as if he had grabbed her sleeve, looking back to him.
Patience and curiosity turn to concern as the tears gathered in his eyes spill over. He sniffs a
rough breath through his nose, scrubbing beneath his eyes with the cuff of his sleeve.
“You can st-stay, if you w-want,” he offers, proud of himself for not sounding completely
choked and equally anxious to be offering at all. Rushed, he adds, “You don’t h-have to if
you don’t want t-to, ob-obviously, but you c-can, I wouldn’t m-mind…”
Belatedly, Izuku realizes that Aoyama or Tokoyami might have an opinion on the matter, and
he looks between them with the faintest beginnings of panic. Aoyama smiles serenely and
Tokoyami nods. Even Dark Shadow, with her obvious dislike of many social situations,
doesn’t seem to resent the offer.
Yaoyorozu blinks a few times. Normally she eats with Todoroki, Izuku knows. Sometimes,
Jirou joins them, but today Jirou is sitting with Ojiro and Shoji, and Yaoyorozu never joins
them, so she would be going back to Todoroki. Who, just earlier, she had admitted to not
being particularly close to. If not for that, Izuku doubts he would have gathered the nerve to
extend the offer at all.
But Izuku likes Yaoyorozu. She is soft spoken to the extent that she’s often overlooked, but
intelligent and discerning, not to mention incredibly capable, and more mellow than the
majority of class 1-A, who put Izuku on edge with their well-intentioned exuberance.
After a moment, Yaoyorozu smiles, shy and hesitant. “I would love to,” she says, lowering
herself back into her seat. Izuku breathes a silent sigh of relief, built up tension finally
unspooling along his spine.
The five of them settle into silence for the moment – Tokoyami and Yaoyorozu perhaps
naturally, though Aoyama is certainly forcing himself to give Izuku some time to recover.
Lunch, in general, is something that Izuku doubts can ever truly be peaceful. There are at
least a hundred people in the cafeteria, talking, shrieking, yelling. Loud and abrupt noises
come from every direction, only some of them easily identifiable. Even as Izuku finally starts
to relax and give some focus to his meal, he remains vigilant to the things around him. No,
the moment certainly isn’t peaceful, but it is probably as close as it can get, and for Izuku, it’s
close enough.
This thought, of course, is a veritable sign to the universe, like a challenge or a dare to prove
him wrong.
“Were you here yesterday?!” a voice yells, growing louder as it rapidly grows closer. “No,
you weren’t! I looked; I would have seen you – looking is one of my specialties!”
All of a sudden, Izuku’s field of view is filled as Hatsume Mei shoves herself into the narrow
gap between his seat and Tokoyami’s. Surprised, Izuku leans back, accidentally bumping into

Aoyama, who props Izuku up with his shoulder, so Izuku doesn’t go scrambling to the floor.
Mei leans in close, the crosshair in her eye expanding and contracting as if to demonstrate
that she is, in fact, very good at looking.
“Where have you been, Pen Boy?!” she demands, far too loud now that she is in Izuku’s
personal space. “I have stuff to show you! Do you mind if I sit here?” Without waiting for a
response – which would have been how will you sit here, there’s no chair – Mei plants her
butt on top of the table, swinging her legs up and around to the other side in a smooth arc that
nearly catches Yaoyorozu. Mei hops down into the neighboring seat.
“I’m Hatsume Mei, future CEO of Hatsume Industries,” Mei introduces herself to a baffled
Yaoyorozu. “You’re Yaoyorozu Momo. If you ever want more costume, I’m in class 1-H.
Now, Pen Boy, I need you to check the balance on this.”
No further warning is given – a single innocuous statement, and then Mei reaches into one of
the many blocky pouches along her belt and pulls out a knife. She slaps it onto the table with
a triumphant noise. Izuku yelps. Yaoyorozu muffles a gasp behind her hands. Aoyama makes
a choked noise that can’t decide between being a cough and a laugh. Dark Shadow squawks
discordantly. Tokoyami remains silent, but the feathers on the crown of his head fluff out
from each other, standing on end. With another noise, almost like a giggle, Dark Shadow
reaches for the knife, but Tokoyami snatches it away, tucking it under the table. He holds it in
his lap, knuckles white around the handle.
As uncomposed as Izuku has ever heard her, Yaoyorozu hisses, “Hatsume!”
“Call me Mei!”
“Why do you have a knife?”
“So Pen Boy can check the balance. I thought I already said that.”
“You can’t just carry a knife around the school!”
“No one stopped me.”
“Did they know?”
Mei thinks for a second. “I don’t see how they would’ve. I didn’t tell anyone.” Yaoyorozu
stares at her, horrified. The odd noise in Aoyama’s throat finally settles on laughter.
“Hello, you merveilleux mécanicien,” he greets.
Mei smiles blankly. “Hi, I don’t know what that means.” Aoyama laughs again. “Anyway, the
knife. Balance? Good? You’re the one who’s going to need to use it, so give it a whirl.”
“Me?” Izuku asks.
“Yes, you, dummy. You promised you’d let me make your babies–” Yaoyorozu repeats the
word in a small, strained voice, “–so here I am! By the way, I am very annoyed that you
haven’t come to the studio. It has been three whole days Pen Boy, get with it, chop chop!

Also, do you want a jet pack? I remember you liked the jet pack. That was only a prototype. I
could make you an even better one. And don’t forget about the knife! I need to know!
Balance is key, Pen Boy!”
Beneath the table, Tokoyami passes Izuku the knife. Izuku glances around, sure that someone
is going to pop out of thin air and lock him up in chains for this – like they needed any reason
to, on top of the Shinsou incident. He weighs the blade in his palm, spins it a few times. It
feels impeccable, and he tells Mei as much. Too nervous to pass it back to her, he rests it on
his thigh and tries to arrange the hem of his jacket to conceal it.
“I’ll make it better before it’s finalized,” she assures him, even though Izuku hadn’t offered
any complaints. “Now – jetpack?”
“Uh, no. No jetpack.”
“No jetpack?!” she groans and glares at him as if he has personally wronged her. Izuku just
shrugs under the brunt of her discontent. With the quirks at his disposal, a jetpack would be
more of a burden than a boon. Of course, Mei doesn’t exactly know that, but he has the
sneaking suspicion that the information wouldn’t have made a difference in her offer or her
displeasure in his rejection.
Mutinously, Mei mutters under her breath, “Your designs are so simple.” The corner of
Izuku’s mouth twitches, amused, but still a bit too nervous to smile considering the weapon
in his lap.
“P-practical,” he corrects.
“Boring!” She pouts at him, then shakes her head rapidly. “You should come to the studio
after lunch. I’ve got more stuff to show you, and! Some ideas! That are ‘practical,’” she
mimes dramatic air quotes around the word, “and super cool!”
“I have class.” Mei blinks at him as if the thought has never occurred to her. Likely, it never
has. The twitching at the corner of his mouth intensifies as Izuku actively tries to repress a
smile. Mei narrows her eyes.
“Fuck class!” she declares. Yaoyorozu gasps again, sending Mei a scandalized look. Izuku
ducks his head as the people sitting nearest to them all fall quiet, glancing curiously at Mei’s
commotion. Mei herself looks terribly proud of her proclamation.
With gleeful rebellion, Dark Shadow echoes, “Fuck class!”
“Dark Shadow!” Tokoyami groans.
“I like you,” Mei decides, reaching across the table to give Dark Shadow a high five. Dark
Shadow, at first very confused by the gesture, enthusiastically returns it when she realizes
what is happening. “You’re my new favorite.”
“Izuku is my favorite,” Dark Shadow tells Mei, earning another groan from Tokoyami. Izuku
feels himself flush red, pulling at the curls on his forehead until they cover his eyes.

Mei nods agreeably, then asks, “Who’s Izuku?”
Aoyama, watching the interaction like it’s his favorite television program, breaks down
laughing again, wrapping his arms around his stomach and leaning forward until his forehead
rests on the table. Even Yaoyorozu is biting her lip, holding back mirth, despite her obvious
confusion, edging close to distaste, towards Mei’s behavior. Dark Shadow attempts to use the
moment as a distraction to sneak the knife from Izuku’s lap, but Tokoyami spots her,
wrapping his arms around her face before she can get too far.
And Izuku still feels like everything is about to go wrong. Things can’t stay right forever,
they just can’t. Moments like these, foreign and joyful as they are, are strictly rationed in life.
He will only get so many, and then he will go back to starving, he’s sure. Someday, the other
shoe will drop, like an executioner’s blade, like a body limp on a hanging post. But until then
–
Until then, Izuku can pretend that he’s just a regular fifteen-year-old, making friends for the
first time.

Chapter End Notes

Izuku: *is having an emotional crisis*
Aizawa: Oh fuck. Here, have a cat.
Izuku: You know, this is actually almost peaceful
Mei: *busts through the wall like the Kool-Aid man*
Next chapter: Brainwashing – Part V
Update: Jul 15

Chapter 33: Brainwashing - Part V
Chapter Notes

It’s time for the Mediated Conversation. Probably the longest single scene I have ever
written. Did it need to be this long? Probably not! Did I write it all anyway? I wouldn’t
be me if I didn’t! If there are any blatant missteps on Mic or Aizawa’s parts, that’s just
because I don’t know the first thing about Conversation Mediation – really, they are
acting more as just-in-case supervisors than actual participants. I humbly request that
you suspend disbelief just a little, if necessary. Obligatory disclaimer that I don’t know
shit about shit <3
Now the Discord memes!
Slushy: X X X X X X X X X X X X X X
Ume: X
ALSO, last thing – have a modest handful of illustrations from chapters two and three.
CW for the sludge villain and minor injury/blood :)
ch2 s6
ch3 s3
ch3 s5

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Hitoshi is soup.
He has been doing some thinking since yesterday afternoon, arguably too much, and he has
decisively concluded, with the specific kind of certainty possessed only by the enlightened or
exhausted – or perhaps both, considering that the more thinking Hitoshi does, the less sleep
he gets – that he is soup. Now, that may sound like nonsense, but bear with him.
First, there’s the broth of confusion. Broth is the base of any good soup, and Hitoshi’s has
been boiled down for potency. His restless night has only served to cement the fact that he
has no idea what’s going on. Trying to slot the pieces of the puzzle together just gives him a
headache – not that that has stopped him from turning the situation around in his mind,
failing over and over to find an angle from which things make sense. The only conclusion he
has to show for all his hard work is that he is confused. And also, possibly an idiot.
Next there’s the chunks – because a soup without chunks is just an oddly savory drink, and
that’s a hill Hitoshi will die on. Hitoshi Soup calls for some roughly diced cubes of
resentment and bitterness. Admittedly, after the whole fiasco, Hitoshi can’t find it in himself
to direct any of those feelings towards Midoriya, but they’re still there, just kind of bobbing
aimlessly in the broth.

Finally, sprinkled over top like a melted cheese – self-loathing. Because Hitoshi fucked up,
somehow. He doesn’t regret calling Midoriya on his bullshit, but Hitoshi can acknowledge
that he quickly became the asshole in that conversation. It’s not even that hindsight is 20/20 –
he knew at the time that he shouldn’t have been running his mouth like that, and he chose to
do it anyway, even after it became obvious that he was whacking a wasps’ nest with a stick.
Worst part is, he’s pretty sure that Midoriya’s the one who ended up getting stung. Hitoshi
doesn’t have any excuses. The only explanation he can offer is that being an asshole is
apparently the one thing that comes naturally to him.
So, there’s the recipe. Put some hard-to-swallow bitterness and resentment into a base of
confusion, shred some self-loathing over the top, and that’s Shinsou Hitoshi’s patented
special. Congratulations, it tastes like shit. Hitoshi has been stewing in it. The bitterness coats
his mouth; the self-loathing gives him heartburn.
“Ready to go, Listener?” Yamada-Sensei asks. While Hitoshi stared resolutely at his desk, his
classmates have all dispersed to go home or attend whatever after school activities they invest
their time into. Hitoshi’s chest burns when he swallows, as if the acid from his stomach is
encroaching on his throat, but he nods without looking at Yamada.
This morning, Hitoshi’s homeroom teacher had approached him very gently to suggest that
he and Midoriya talk after class to “sort things out.” It was made abundantly clear that
Hitoshi could say no if he wanted to – and boy did he want to. He can’t really see any
conversation that he’s involved in going well. His track record provides ample evidence for
his complete lack of diplomacy, or even civility. Hitoshi agreed anyway.
Yamada claps once, a sharp, abrupt noise puncturing Hitoshi’s apprehensive silence. “Great!
Then follow me!” With excessive enthusiasm, Yamada leads the way to the teachers’ lounge,
holding the door open and gesturing a much more subdued Hitoshi inside. Several teachers
look up as he enters and Hitoshi slouches down under their curious eyes.
“I need the room!” Yamada announces, reversing the motion he just made to usher Hitoshi in,
shooing everyone else out. Two of the room’s occupants comply, with only a shrug and a
shaken head. Hitoshi shrinks slightly away from them, avoiding their eyes as they pass him
by. From the couch, Kayama-Sensei raises her eyebrows. She sits with her feet up on the
cushion next to her, bare, heels discarded to the side, a bag of chips open in her lap.
“I’m a teacher,” she says. “I’m lounging.” Pointedly, she pops a chip into her mouth,
crunching it loudly.
“Everyone out!” Yamada gestures again, exaggeratedly sweeping his arm back and forth.
“This is a hostile takeover!”
“I’m grading,” Snipe-Sensei says flatly, pointing at the haphazard pile of papers in front of
him.
“Grade in your office!”
“My office smells like gunpowder.”

Kayama scrunches up her nose. “That’s not your office. That’s just you.”
“Izuku should be here, soon,” Yamada says. Hitoshi thinks, for a moment, that the seeming
non sequitur must be for his benefit, but Yamada is looking at Snipe with a teasing smile, just
a touch malicious.
“Right,” Snipe says, standing abruptly. “I’ll grade in my office, then.” He gathers his papers
into a neat stack and leaves to the backtrack of Kayama’s laughter.
“Better run!” she calls after him. “Don’t want the scary fifteen-year-old to catch you!” Snipe
flips her off as he goes, hiding his middle finger behind his hand like that will prevent Hitoshi
from figuring out what he’s doing. Yamada waves Snipe off cheerfully, then looks
expectantly to Kayama. He clears his throat, wiggles the door slightly on its hinges. With a
put-upon sigh that makes her fringe flutter over her forehead, Kayama stands.
“Fine,” she relents, rolling up the top of her bag of chips and stashing them under her arm as
she crouches to retrieve her shoes. “I’ll go. But you owe me! Really, you could have used any
room in the building, but no – you just had to pick the one I’m in.”
“Yep!” Yamada chirps. “This is an intentional attack against you, personally! Now scram!”
Kayama’s theatrical pout gives way to giggles at Yamada’s bright grin, and she crosses the
room on bare feet, heels dangling from her fingers by their straps. With her free hand, she
ruffles Hitoshi’s hair as she passes, and he reflexively bats her hand away before freezing up
with his arm half-raised and his shoulders hunched up towards his ears.
“Tell Izu I said hi,” she says, patting Yamada on the arm as she exits. He closes the door
behind her.
“How are you feeling?” Yamada-Sensei asks when they’re left alone. Hitoshi blinks, still
standing stiffly near the door, even as Yamada grabs a chair from the table, drags it across
from the couch, and collapses into it, legs sprawling out in front of him. Yamada nods to the
couch. “Take a seat! It’s the comfiest couch in the building, you know.”
Hitoshi stares at the piece of furniture for a moment, plush navy-blue cushions faded in their
centers. When he sits, he sinks in slightly, as if the couch is fighting his attempts to perch on
its edge by pulling him backwards. It is comfortable, he’ll admit, and Hitoshi wonders if this
is why Yamada brought him here, specifically. Comfortable couch for an uncomfortable
conversation. Maybe Hitoshi is reading too much into it, but it puts him slightly at ease,
nonetheless.
“So?” Yamada prompts. “Feelings? You doing okay?”
“Oh. Oh, uh, yeah, I – I’m fine.” This is probably an obvious oversimplification, at best.
Hitoshi isn’t fine – he’s soup. But he’s not going to get into all that, right now. He suspects
the whole analogy would make far less sense if he said it aloud. Hitoshi squirms, settling
more firmly into his corner of cushions. Still, Yamada just smiles and nods, not pressing.

“I’m glad. Let me know if that changes. You don’t have to be here, and you don’t have to talk
about anything you don’t want to, ya dig?”
After a moment, Hitoshi realizes he is meant to reply. “I… dig. It’s dug.”
When the door opens a moment later, Hitoshi’s fingers tighten on the arm of the couch, nails
digging into the fabric like claws before he forces himself to relax. He smooths his
expression to an approximation of unimpressed boredom, meeting Aizawa’s similar, though
likely more convincing, mask as the man enters the room. Midoriya follows him in, guiding
the door as it closes so it doesn’t slam shut, eyes fixed on the handle while Aizawa drags a
chair next to Yamada’s. Door latched into place, Midoriya turns, bending at the waist so
abruptly that Hitoshi is briefly disoriented.
“I’m sorry,” Midoriya says, voice forced into such evenness that it’s nearly inscrutable,
especially with his face directed towards to floor. “I acted rashly and lashed out, and I’m
sorry. However, I know that an apology doesn’t reverse my actions or the harm I’ve done. If
you speak to Nedzu about my behavior, he’ll see that it’s reported to the proper authorities
and dealt with appropriately.”
Any composure Hitoshi managed to gather melts away under the brunt of soup. To hear of
rashness, of lashing out, of harm and inappropriate behavior from Midoriya – it calls forth all
the confusion, the bitterness, the self-loathing as intensely as ever. Hitoshi is the one who
threw shit at the fan, but Midoriya is here apologizing for Hitoshi-doesn’t-even-know what.
“No,” Hitoshi blurts. “What? Stand up.” The words come out too aggressive, like an order
instead of a request, but after a second, Midoriya listens. His face is blank when he first
straightens, disconcertingly so, but cracks of uncertainty quickly spread through that facade.
He clasps his hands behind his back. His too-big eyes are too expressive, doubtful,
trepidatious, and contrite. Rather than look at him, Hitoshi stares at a frayed thread sticking
out of a seam on the arm of the couch.
“Take a seat, Izuku,” Yamada says.
Midoriya glances from Yamada to the couch and back again. Silently, he does as told,
pressing himself into the corner opposite to Hitoshi, more than an entire empty cushion left
between them. With a quick look at Hitoshi, Midoriya carefully removes his shoes, setting
them neatly to the side and folding his knees up against his chest. His socks are black, but the
toes are covered by a cartoonish white cat head, with wide blue eyes. Stupidly, Hitoshi wants
to ask where Midoriya got them. He bites his tongue around the impulse.
“Alright,” Yamada says when Midoriya is settled. “Now, we’re meant to be having a
conversation.” Hitoshi ducks his head to hide a grimace. “There has been a misunderstanding
between you – more likely, several misunderstandings. We want to help clear those up, so the
two of you can move forward on the same page. That means trying to keep an open mind.
Izuku – no jumping to conclusions; Shinsou – no making assumptions.”
From the corner of his eye, Hitoshi sneaks a look at Midoriya, who stares at the ground with
one arm wrapped around his shins. The other hand fiddles with the silver bracelet around his

wrist. For the first time, Hitoshi notices a scar beneath the metal, mottled pale and pink,
uneven skin stretching into the shadow beneath Midoriya’s sleeve.
Misunderstandings. That would make sense. Hitoshi has the distinct feeling that hasn’t
understood anything.
“There are three major things I want to address,” Yamada begins. “Your match during the
sports festival, Shinsou’s transfer, and the incident yesterday along with Izuku’s… history.”
Hitoshi bristles when his name is said, but he still notices Yamada’s hesitation, the cautious
way he presents his third point. Simultaneously, Midoriya closes his hand around his wrist,
covering metal and scar tissue in a tight grip. Yamada continues, “These are just guidelines. If
you want to talk about something I didn’t mention, feel free – and if there’s something you
don’t want to talk about, then you only have to say so. No questions asked. Yeah?”
“Yeah,” Hitoshi and Midoriya both echo. Hitoshi, rote; Midoriya, soft. The silence that
follows dogs Hitoshi’s heels too closely, his pulse too loud in his ears in the absence of
words.
“I,” he starts without thinking. He swallows. “I’m still pissed about the match.” Hitoshi
slumps back into the couch to disguise his wince. Immediately, he wishes he hadn’t said that.
It’s true, but probably too confrontational to begin with. He can already feel himself teetering
towards defensive, an echo of the day before. He looks between Aizawa, seeming bored, and
Yamada, patiently expectant, and explains, a touch desperately, “It feels – it feels ruined. This
thing I was so proud of is something to be ashamed of now.”
“It was selfish of me,” Midoriya says quietly, turning his head towards Hitoshi so he’s not
speaking into his knees.
“You made me into a cheater,” Hitoshi accuses, words coming out stilted as he tries to put his
thoughts into words as decently as possible. Vitriol wants to spill out of his mouth, but
Hitoshi let enough of it out yesterday. Today, he’ll keep it confined to his head. Or he’ll do
his best to, anyway.
Midoriya made him into a cheater, made Hitoshi into something he has spent his whole life
diligently defying. Hitoshi isn’t really prone to moral dilemmas, confident in his own ability
to distinguish between right and wrong, to do the right thing, even when he is uniquely able
to get away with the wrong one. Except Midoriya didn’t even give him the choice, and now
Hitoshi has gotten the thing he wanted most the wrong way. It feels like fate, in a cruel way.
Like the world is telling him that everyone was right, that he will never be able to be what he
wants to be the way he wants to be it.
“I’m sorry,” Midoriya says. As genuine as he sounds, the uselessness of the sentiment still
makes something thorny twist in Hitoshi’s gut. “But you didn’t cheat, Shinsou. You didn’t kknow. If I had a-asked you would have said n-no. It just – it didn’t e-even occur to me to aask, and that was m-me. My fault.”
Hitoshi breathes deeply through his nose. “Your fault,” he says shortly. “My consequences.”
Midoriya looks at him, practically dripping with remorse. Hitoshi can’t meet his eyes.

Midoriya nods, wordless acceptance of Hitoshi’s complaints. This time, at least for a second,
Hitoshi is grateful for the silence.
He’s said his piece. He could say more, but he’ll exercise some basic self-control to avoid
making things worse for them both. He’s heard Midoriya’s apology. This time, he even
listened. He’s still angry. But he can be angry without being an asshole – he can manage that
much.
Yesterday, Midoriya’s explanations had made anger flare in Hitoshi, branching through his
nervous system like lightening, blinding and deafening. Anger lingers in him like a static
charge that makes his jaw clench and his heart thump irregularly, but the heat of it has cooled
to something mostly manageable, no longer overloading his thoughts.
Instead of saying more, Hitoshi looks at Aizawa and Yamada. Belatedly, it occurs to him that
they have been listening – that to listen, to have known what to talk about to begin with, they
need to have known about the match. Either they have known from the beginning, or they
found out when Hitoshi did. The realization carries a spike of panic through his ribs.
“Do I still get to transfer?” he asks. “Even though the – the match–”
His transfer was one of the points on Yamada’s little list, wasn’t it? Hitoshi is being
transferred for winning the festival – a feat that he didn’t actually accomplish, not honestly.
Certainly, they wouldn’t be so cruel as to put him through all this conversation if he’s going
to be stuck in gen ed, not without telling him first, at least. Except systemic cruelty is one of
Hitoshi’s earliest experiences, and he’s learned the hard way that he should never assume the
best.
“Take a breath,” Yamada coaches gently.
“Yes,” Aizawa answers. “You were up for transfer before that match. Your specific placement
didn’t make a difference in the offer you were given.” Panic is replaced by relief for only a
brief moment before it’s eclipsed by a spiteful thought.
“Is that why I’m in extra training?” Hitoshi asks. “Because I didn’t really beat Midoriya?”
“Well, why do you think you’re in extra training?” Yamada asks in return.
Hitoshi’s mouth twitches. Answering a question with a question, just great. Why is Hitoshi in
extra training? Where to start? Because he didn’t rightfully beat Midoriya. Because physical
quirks are favored over mental ones. Because no one trusted Brainwashing, specifically.
Before he can settle on a suitably scathing reply, Aizawa elaborates, “Do you feel like you’re
ready to transfer?”
Yes, Hitoshi thinks. Of course he is.
He fumbles the thought before it can be translated into words. The tip of his tongue catches
between his teeth as he snaps his mouth shut.

He won the sports festival. Barely. Even ignoring his match with Midoriya, Hitoshi barely
won. He got lucky.
Hitoshi’s not the type to turn his nose up at luck – half of success is hard work, and the other
half is pure dumb luck. A lucky win is still a win. But he imagines fighting Bakugou again,
without all that good fortune on his side. Hitoshi pales.
Then, blood creeps back into his face, flushing as he remembers the quirk apprehension test
Aizawa subjected him to just two days ago. Hitoshi has mediocre strength and stamina, and
piss poor coordination. As mortifying as it is, he’s not so delusion that he can’t admit that
much to himself. Half of success is dumb luck, and the other half is pure hard work. Hard
work Hitoshi has barely done, hard work he didn’t even know the definition of until Aizawa
sat him down to develop a diet and exercise regime.
“I’m not trying to shame you,” Aizawa says after letting his question sink in. “I know the
delay of your transfer must be frustrating, but you’re not falling behind. You’re catching up.
As long as you put in the work, improvement is inevitable. But it’s also necessary.”
“What about Midoriya? If he’s already been transferred, why does he need additional
training? It’s not like he needs to catch up to anyone.” Hitoshi asks without thinking. He
asked the same question at the very beginning of their training together and received a
definitive it’s none of your business in response. At the time, Hitoshi was asking primarily
from a place of resentment, while it’s mostly simple curiosity that drives the words out of his
mouth, now. Still, regardless of his motivation, it’s no more Hitoshi’s business now than it
was, then. He ducks his head, waiting for Aizawa to tell him as much.
Midoriya’s voice comes as a surprise. “Do you want to move on to point th-three, then?”
When Hitoshi looks up, Midoriya smiles, tentative and fragile, like he is trying to lighten a
heavy mood.
Point three.
Midoriya’s… history.
Disparate pieces of information rise to the forefront of Hitoshi’s mind. All the things Hitoshi
already knows, even if he doesn’t really know what any of them mean. A dead father and a
confession. Hurt and hopelessness. Rehabilitation programs and villainy. Quirks that aren’t
what they seem. Shards of a larger image that Hitoshi doesn’t have context for and can’t fully
comprehend.
A heavy mood, indeed. With his scattered freckles, cat socks, and frail smile, Midoriya looks
a bit like Atlas, carrying the weight of an unknown world on his shoulders.
But Hitoshi is assuming again.
“Yeah,” Hitoshi says, confirmation sticking in his suddenly dry mouth. “Yeah, I – if you’re,
uh, okay with that.”

“Mhmm,” Midoriya hums. He spins one of his bracelets around with a thoughtful look on his
face. “E-everyone’s gonna know ev-event-tually. It’s kinda f-funny, actually. I think it might
be easier to t-tell you.” Midoriya’s smile gains some strength. For a moment, he is not just
smiling, but smiling at Hitoshi, very specifically – though Hitoshi can’t even begin to guess
where in their past interactions Midoriya decided he was someone worth smiling at. Hitoshi
adjusts the hem of his jacket while Midoriya continues, “So, um, training. I need to gain ccomfort and confidence with my q-quirk. It’s s-suppressed for most of the day and I – well, I
don’t l-like it very much.”
With distant eyes, Midoriya stares at his knees. His smile is still plastered over his face, but it
twists into a melancholic rictus, almost like he isn’t smiling at all, even with his mouth
quirked up at the corners. He slides his bracelet back and forth, and Hitoshi realizes abruptly
what the bracelets are. Quirk suppressing bands.
Rubbing his thumb over the silver cuff one last time, Midoriya pivots on the couch so he is
facing Hitoshi, folding his legs under him and tangling his hands together in his lap. Hitoshi
glances at Aizawa and Yamada. Yamada watches with evident, if reserved, sadness. Aizawa
has softened slightly as well, an almost imperceptible shift in the careful disinterest of his
expression that makes him look just a little more approachable. Hitoshi turns back to
Midoriya, following the other boy’s lead to face him more fully, even if Hitoshi still can’t
bear to make eye contact, can barely manage to sit still in the increasingly solemn
atmosphere.
“What do you think my quirk is?” Midoriya asks.
“I’m guessing it’s not pyrokinesis,” Hitoshi responds. It’s the best answer he has; it makes
him feel like an idiot.
“No, it’s not,” Midoriya confirms. When he falls silent, Hitoshi starts to think that Midoriya
might actually make him play a guessing game. Then, Midoriya says, “My quirk allows me
to take other peoples’ quirks.” Every word is carefully measured and annunciated, slow and
tediously steady.
“Like that blonde asshole?” Hitoshi asks. Midoriya, watching him intently, blinks and tilts his
head. Hitoshi rubs the back of his neck, shooting another look at his teachers. “I mean, uh,
Monoma. Yeah.”
“No. Monoma can copy other quirks – a limited number, for a limited time, without affecting
the original quirk. I can t-take them. Inf-fintely, f-forever, only o-one and it’s m-mine. Not
copied. S-st-stolen.”
“Oh.” Hitoshi says. Then the words catch up with him, and his brows furrow together as he
shakes his head. “Wait, no. That’s not – that’s not possible.”
“It shouldn’t be.”
Three words, said with the weight of an entire dictionary. Spoken, resigned and tragic. A
horrifying reality that should not exist, but does, despite all logic, despite all common
knowledge, common sense.

It makes no sense. Quirks can’t be stolen. Copied or blocked, yeah, sure – but stolen?
They’re genetic. Hitoshi doesn’t need to be good at science to know that that’s not how
genetics work. It’s preposterous, ridiculous, impossible.
But Hitoshi thinks of the unexplainable variety of Midoriya’s abilities, thinks of the fog that
settled over him for a brief moment the day before, thinks of the way his own quirk eluded
him in the aftermath like it never has before. And then, even though it’s impossible, Hitoshi
thinks, dear god, it’s true.
“That’s horrifying,” Hitoshi breathes. The arm of the couch presses hard against his spine.
His heart lurches sickeningly at the back of his throat.
“Yeah,” Midoriya agrees.
“How many?” Hitoshi asks.
He counts to himself. The pyrokinesis. The black, dagger-like fingertips. The arcing
electricity. The strength. That’s four, right there. Four quirks that Midoriya has – that he had
apparently stolen. Does that mean that there are four corresponding people out there with no
quirks at all?
“Shinsou, that’s not–”
Midoriya interrupts Yamada’s careful hedging, “103.”
“Holy shit. Holy fuck.”
103 quirks. 103 people.
Hitoshi lurches to his feet. Midoriya watches him, still oozing the same resigned tragedy
from it shouldn’t be. Yamada stands as well, reaching for Hitoshi with a placating gesture that
Hitoshi staggers a step to the side to avoid. Aizawa remains seated, eyes roaming between
everyone in the room with a laziness Hitoshi is sure is deceptive, a hand wrapped loosely in
the lower loops of his scarf. Everyone watches Hitoshi the most, like he might fly off the
handle and do something horrible. Which feels pretty ironic when he considers 103 people,
but right now, Hitoshi is more worried about how light his head feels, how the floor seems to
sway beneath him, how is stomach is trying to crawl out of his body.
Hitoshi staggers to the nearest window, wrenching it open to hang his head outside. The
ground looks farther away than it should. Hitoshi closes his eyes. He doesn’t throw up, and
he stays there for an immeasurable moment, until he can be sure that he won’t. When he can
swallow without tasting acid between his teeth, Hitoshi turns back to the room, slumping
against the wall and sliding down it until he is sitting on the floor.
“Fuck,” he gasps, tilting his head back. “That’s – a lot.”
“What Izuku isn’t telling you,” Aizawa says, “is that the theft was involuntary.” God, the hits
just keep coming. Hitoshi squeezes his eyes shut, pressing a balled-up fist hard to his
forehead.

“Shinsou?” Yamada ventures delicately. “How can I help?”
“Just – give me a moment,” Hitoshi bites out. He inhales deeply and exhales slowly. His head
swims, his stomach churns, his eyes burn. He feels irrational, a bit insane, even. Aizawa,
Midoriya, and Yamada all seem wary of him, but otherwise unaffected by what is, without
competition, the largest and most horrifying revelation of Hitoshi’s life.
Midoriya can steal quirks – because that is apparently possible. He has 103 of them. And as
willing as Midoriya was to let Hitoshi’s imagination run away with how that number came to
be, the quirks were either stolen unintentionally or under duress. All those horrible pieces,
those little bits that Hitoshi couldn’t understand the whole of, suddenly make a lot more
sense, coming together to create a picture that Hitoshi could have gladly gone his whole life
without seeing.
“Your dad.”
Something clatters across the floor. Hitoshi opens his eyes. Aizawa stands, his chair crooked
and several inches further back than it was. Yamada has a hand on his arm. On the couch,
Midoriya is curled into his knees again, eyes wide and covered with a wet film. Hitoshi hears
the echo of his own voice in his ears, only after he’s already spoken, far too late to take the
words back.
“What do you know about that?” Aizawa asks, cutting. Firm and sharp as it is, the question
feels like a knife pressed against Hitoshi’s throat. He struggles to swallow.
“Sit down, Shouta,” Yamada orders, tugging at Aizawa’s elbow.
“I’m sorry!” Hitoshi says, practically shouts, looking frantically between Aizawa and
Yamada before his eyes settle on Midoriya. Midoriya, who still looks like he’s been struck.
“Before the third event – you and Bakugou. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop. Or, I did mean to, but
I – I wouldn’t have if I had known what you were talking about. I just – did you really – you
know?” Hitoshi’s eyes widen as his mouth gets ahead of him again. He shakes his head
rapidly, scrambling to his feet. “Fuck, don’t – don’t answer that. Jesus. I’ll go.”
Conversations. Honestly, fuck conversations. Nothing good ever comes from talking to
people, not when you’re as bad at it as Hitoshi is. Hitoshi thinks he might have preferred to
live forever in his confusion soup than deal with – whatever this has become. Yesterday, he
was whining about his own life like an oblivious little bitch baby, and today he just directly
asked if Midoriya had actually murdered his father. Way to go, Hitoshi. No matter how bad
things get, he can always rely on himself to make them worse.
He leans down to snatch his bag up from its place next to the couch, fully prepared to leave
and ignore this whole situation until he’s forced to face it during tomorrow’s training. As he
straightens up, Midoriya lunges forward, as if to grab Hitoshi, only for both of them to
stagger back before they touch. Midoriya kneels on the couch, reaching hand pulled back to
hang onto the lapel of his jacket, mouth half-open. Yamada catches Hitoshi by the shoulder
when he nearly trips over his own feet.

“Don’t go,” Midoriya says, the weakness of his voice contrasting with the flurry of motion he
just launched himself into. “You – I mean, you can g-go if you want, obv-viously, but ddon’t. I, uh, we – we’re not d-done. I – you can st-stay.” He makes a listless gesture that
Hitoshi can’t interpret. “I d-did.”
“Did what?” Hitoshi asks dumbly. Yamada’s fingers, still closed around Hitoshi’s shoulder,
tighten, pressing five points of dull ache into Hitoshi’s skin.
“I d-did what I h-had to d-d-d–”
“Oh fuck, no!” For a childish second, Hitoshi raises his hands to cover his ears before forcing
his arms back down to his sides, clenching his fists until his nails dig into his palms. He
shakes his head. “No, fuck, sorry. Just stop. I, uh, I shouldn’t have asked.”
“No,” Aizawa says flatly. “You shouldn’t have.” Despite his general lack of intonation, he
sounds accusing. Hitoshi can’t blame him.
Hitoshi squares his shoulders, facing Midoriya more directly than he has for the entire
conversation. It’s hard to look Midoriya in the eyes, especially when tears are clumping his
lashes together, but Hitoshi forces himself.
“Look, Midoriya. I’m sorry. For, uh, a lot of things. Not for being mad,” he adds, unable to
resist, hurrying on, “but I’m sorry for – for being mad at you for things that weren’t your
fault. And for saying – that shit I said. And, um, I’m sorry that I kept saying shit, even when I
knew I should have stopped. Also, for the shit I said here and now. I – I say a lot of shit. It’s,
uh, it’s kind of a chronic condition.” He grinds his teeth together to get himself to stop
pursuing this particular line of shit to say. Trying to choose his words precisely, he continues,
“You don’t need to tell me this stuff. You don’t, like, owe me answers just because I’m an
asshole.”
Yamada clicks his tongue. “Hey,” he says, background noise to Hitoshi’s ears, almost static,
“let’s try to avoid the negative self-talk, yeah?”
Midoriya talks over him, “But I stole your quirk.”
“Yeah,” Hitoshi says, and damn if that isn’t an odd statement to agree with. “But you gave it
back.” He blinks, a new thought suddenly occurring to him. “Wait – you did give it back,
right? Like, that’s a thing you can do, isn’t it?” Hands suddenly shaking, Hitoshi pats himself
down, as if he can find his quirk stashed in one of his pockets.
Now that he thinks about it, he hasn’t used his quirk since yesterday – yesterday, when he
tried and failed to use it against Midoriya, failure that apparently resulted from Midoriya
stealing his quirk. Funny how Hitoshi has spent his whole life dreaming of having a better
quirk, but the idea of losing Brainwashing entirely sets him on the edge of breakdown. There
are a lot of ways that Hitoshi hates his quirk, but it’s still his, still him, and he can’t actually
imagine living without it.
Waving his hands frantically in front of him, Midoriya shakes his head, curls flopping over
his eyes. “Of course I gave it back! I n-never should have t-taken it to begin with!” Hitoshi

breathes a sigh of relief, reeling slightly from the emotional whiplash. Really, Hitoshi is built
for feelings like irritation, boredom, maybe some frustration – not this emotional rollercoaster
of revelations and realizations.
“Alright then,” he says after getting his bearings back. “I don’t, uh, really see the problem,
then? I mean, I’m still sorry.”
Midoriya blinks. “But. I stole your quirk.”
“Like, maybe don’t do that again, but, um – I did start the whole,” he waves a vague hand,
frustrated with his own ineloquence, “thing.”
“I stole your quirk!” Midoriya’s voice rises to an unpleasant pitch. Hitoshi grimaces, rolling
his eyes toward the ceiling and fidgeting with the hair at the nape of his neck.
“Yeah, well – that doesn’t mean I was any less of a dick? And I was kind of being a dick on
purpose, so really it’s – it’s kind of my own fault?”
“So, what?” Midoriya asks, sounding hollow and unmoored. “You’re just… okay with me
taking your quirk?”
“Oh, hell no,” Hitoshi responds automatically, too vehemently. He shudders and presses his
tongue hard to the roof of his mouth. “But, like – you gave it back, right. So it’s not… it’s not
that different than what I do, is it?”
Hitoshi thinks of all the people who distrust him because he has the capacity to violate their
autonomy. He remembers the sports festivals, the boys who withdrew, who warned Hitoshi’s
competitors away from him. Years of whispers and wary looks that Hitoshi had done nothing
to deserve except exist. Then, he thinks of Midoriya’s rapid, enthusiastic words in the wake
of being brainwashed, the excited grin even after Hitoshi had used him like a puppet and hurt
him in the process. If Midoriya can be like that, after everything, then Hitoshi can at least try
to – meet him halfway, maybe. Be decent about this one thing, even if his heart is still
pounding a bruise into his sternum.
“No, Shinsou,” Midoriya says. He is not grinning, now. He is glowering, crooked eyebrows
drawn together, tears welling up in his eyes as he narrows them. “It’s – it’s completely ddifferent. I’m a v-villain.”
“You are not,” Aizawa interrupts. Midoriya ignores him.
“I have st-stolen 103 quirks. G-giving yours b-back doesn’t ch-cha-change that. I’m – I’m
not – I’m the b-bad guy h-here, Sh-Sh-Shi– You should r-report me.”
“Izuku,” Yamada intervenes, simultaneously soft and stern, “we talked about this, remember?
How Shinsou feels and what he does about it is up to him.”
“No!” Midoriya protests. From their interaction to this point, Hitoshi hadn’t thought
Midoriya was capable of this kind of defiance, but he turns the green fury of his glare on

Yamada without hesitation. “He doesn’t g-get it! He doesn’t u-underst-stand what’s going on!
He sh-should–”
“Hey!” Hitoshi interrupts, voice loud and deep over Midoriya’s strained rambling. “Fuck
you! I’m not – I’m not an idiot! You told me what’s going on – I get it, alright? I get it, and if
I want to forgive you for it, you can’t fucking stop me!” Hitoshi meets Midoriya’s angry look
with a scowl of his own.
As they stare at each other, Midoriya’s frustrated ire quickly drains into something startled,
expression too complicated for Hitoshi to fully interpret. The fuck you, he realizes, was
probably an unnecessary addition, but he raises his chin and sticks to it. If he’s being an
asshole again – well, he’s already acknowledged that it really is the only thing that comes
naturally to him.
“I–” Midoriya cuts himself off, looking away from Hitoshi to stare at the ground with
quickly-blinking eyes. “You really–” he huffs a shaky burst of air. Hitoshi shifts on his heels
as Midoriya covers his face with a hand, suddenly overcome with uncomfortable terror at the
possibility that he has fully reduced Midoriya to tears.
Then, Midoriya collapses into the couch, hanging his head against the back of it while he
stares at the ceiling. He laughs. It’s a complex sound, a bit too giggly not to have some
hysteria involved, but still unmistakably bright, light.
Shrugging his shoulders up towards burning ears, Hitoshi glances at Aizawa and Yamada
from the corner of his eye. Aizawa sits in his chair, relaxed, finally drained of the tension that
Hitoshi’s freak out had called forth. Yamada stands to the side, a hand on Aizawa’s shoulder.
It’s hard to get a read on them from such an angle, but Hitoshi thinks they might be surprised,
maybe pleased, maybe even a touch amused.
These people all have shitty senses of humor, Hitoshi concludes. When Midoriya stops
laughing, he keeps smiling, a breathless thing, like the sun above clouds. Hitoshi ignores the
steady twitch of his own mouth, the small smile that’s insistently trying to break past his
teeth, just as stubbornly as he ignores the spasm and thump of his of heart and head.

Chapter End Notes

Look, look. There was supposed to be a scene of Izuku hiding out in the teachers’
lounge during his first lunch period, and there was going to be this whole exchange
between him and Snipe – where Snipe tries to apologize, except Snipe is emotionally
stunted and Izuku hardly even remembers/cares about getting shot – but it was a victim
of the massive Scene Culling, so instead I’ve just ended up with a Snipe who awkwardly
and inexplicably avoids a 15yo like his life depends on it.
Yamada: Hey kiddo, how are you?
Hitoshi: I’m,,,,,, s o u p

Hitoshi: Well, well, well. If it isn’t the consequences of my own actions.
Izuku: I stole your quirk! You have to hate me!
Hitoshi: That’s a dangerous thing to say to such a contrary person, you know. Now I
have to fall in love with you. Out of spite.
Next chapter: Brainwashing – Part VI
Update: Jul 22

Chapter 34: Brainwashing - Part VI
Chapter Notes

You get a scene and you get a scene – you know what? EVERYBODY GETS A
SCENE!!!
Seriously. I’m not joking. Brace yourselves.
Brainwashing takes place in the two-week period between the sports festival and
internships, and these interactions happen at various points throughout those two weeks.
They are not in chronological order.
Fanart corner!
From Lila, we have a two part illustration – here’s part 1 and part 2! And a Hitoshi from
Sits!
Now memes!
Andy: X
Ash: X
Bacon: X
Calico: X X
Cupcake: X X X X X X
Fola: X
Lena: X
Mopp: X
Oiyzis: X
Rhino: X
Slushy: X X X X X X X
Snowy: X
Surya: X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There are good days and there are bad days.
The bad days are achingly familiar, so well-worn Izuku was almost numb to them, until
recently. They have begun to burn again, like the fire of screaming nerves that lines torn skin.
In that sense, the bad days are worse than they have been in years, every bad second of them
reaching down into the marrow of Izuku’s bones, but he tells himself that it’s a bit like
waking up from a coma. His body, his mind – they don’t always want to support him. But he
is regaining the strength he has lost, bit by bit.
There are bad days and there are good days.

Sometimes, a good day can abruptly become a bad one, the change lurching through Izuku
like a gravitational shift. Nedzu will poke and prod and test Izuku’s limits until he finds a
sore spot, and he won’t stop digging his claws in until Izuku cracks. A classmate, careless,
oblivious, will say something they shouldn’t – or rather, they’ll say something Izuku
shouldn’t hear. Izuku will remember something, something he that makes him sick to think
of, something that makes him sick to have forgotten in the first place.
Good days. Bad days.
Good days, tenuous at best. Bad days, like a miasma, always threatening around the edges of
things.
It’s a change. Izuku thinks it wouldn’t sound very good to most people, but to him it’s –
words escape him. He has good days. A few weeks ago, he would have said that wasn’t
possible, anymore.
Somedays, he wakes up, stretches lazy and warm, and tries not to disturb Lucy as he gets out
of bed. He plays with Bastard, dancing around her teeth until she shrieks at him in frustration,
demanding that he allow her to deliver her good morning nip. He and Eraser and Mic all eat
breakfast together – or drink it, in Eraser’s case – and Izuku doesn’t feel like an intruder in
the kitchen.
Day by day, good by bad, things continue on. And, gradually, the students surrounding Izuku
morph from class 1-A – separate in an unattainable and poignant way, something he is apart
from – into Izuku’s classmates – classmates, friends, a group of people he is a part of.

Quirkless sparring is probably Mashirao’s least favorite training exercise, for a variety of
reasons.
For one thing, doing something without your quirk takes on a whole new meaning when your
quirk is literally an extra limb. Blocking a blow with his tail and using it to control his
movements is more than second nature to Mashirao – it’s first. Especially with the degree of
muscle memory he has, it takes constant focus to prevent himself from bringing his tail into
the equation. Keeping it out not only distracts him, on top of interfering with his sense of
balance.
Then there’s his opponents. As uncomfortable as the quirkless nature of the exercise is, the
sparring in and of itself tends to be just as, if not more, frustrating for Mashirao. He’s the
only member of the class with extensive martial arts training, putting him at a distinct
advantage in these kinds of exercises. He takes no issue with his classmates’ lack of formal
skill – no opponent should be underestimated. Mashirao himself has admittedly only
achieved his rigid discipline by trading adaptability and improvisation, so it’s not as if he
never loses. The problem is that many of his classmates don’t take the training seriously.

Despite his complaints, Mashirao can acknowledge the importance of learning to defend
himself and others without the use of his quirk. Aizawa-Sensei is perfect evidence of how
unreliable quirks can be, and while Mashirao himself doesn’t have to worry about counters
like Erasure, he still may find himself in a situation where his tail is unable to help him,
where it may even become a hinderance.
His classmates don’t all seem to see the situation as Mashirao does. They grumble, groan, roll
their eyes. They don’t apply themselves half as ardently as they do to exercises where they
can use their quirks.
Midoriya, though – he’s good enough that Mashirao is surprised. There’s an obvious
sloppiness to some of his forms, but he’s fast and he integrates several fighting styles so
smoothly that he becomes hard to predict. Through their bout, neither of them gets a distinct
advantage, and they both finish breathing heavy.
“You would have had me if you were more decisive,” Mashirao says, because it’s true. He’s
noticed that Midoriya has a habit of pulling his punches, short seconds where he overthinks
and hesitates. It wasn’t something Mashirao could take advantage of, really, but it could spell
disaster in an actual battle. Midoriya winces, flushing red and pulling at a curl on his
forehead so it stretches down to his nose.
“Where did you train?” Mashirao asks. As unrefined as some of Midoriya’s moves were,
Mashirao still figures that the boy must have had some formal teaching, probably in a variety
of martial arts, to incorporate them into his style as fluidly as he does. The question, an
attempt to deflect away from Midoriya’s obvious embarrassment at his shortcomings,
backfires.
Midoriya shakes his head. “I, um, I don’t – I haven’t. My d-dad trained me and my br–” The
sentence cuts off abruptly, Midoriya’s lips forming a pale seal over a bitten off word.
Mashirao, realizing that Midoriya isn’t going to continue, moves on, “Well, it was nice
sparring with you. We should do it again, sometime. I’ve been studying martial arts
practically since I could walk; I could probably help you polish up some of your moves, if
you want?”
Midoriya blinks, then offers Mashirao a wobbly smile. “That would be nice.”

Rikido is kind of unreasonably embarrassed.
Is the bag too cutesy? Should he have made enough for everyone? Does Midoriya have any
dietary restrictions? Does he even like sweets?
It’s far from the first time Rikido has made something his classmates, though usually he
shares with the whole class, not just an individual. He did it all the time in middle school. It’s

not a first, even for class 1-A. After the USJ incident, he spent the whole break stress baking,
and brought in the resultant cookies for everyone to enjoy. Of course, Midoriya wasn’t there
for that.
Well… he was there for the USJ, Rikido supposes. That’s what Aizawa-Sensei had told them,
anyway, even if no one has broached the topic to Midoriya yet.
Regardless, Midoriya wasn’t there for the cookies. Even villains deserve cookies. Maybe
villains deserve cookies even more than most people, depending on how they got to that
point. Midoriya looks so sad sometimes, especially when he thinks no one’s looking. Rikido
doesn’t really know why or what to do about that, but cookies always help him feel better, so.
So, he walks into the classroom and heads to Midoriya’s desk instead of his own, dropping
his bag on top of the empty desk that separates Midoriya and Bakugou, who, thankfully,
hasn’t arrived yet. Rikido doesn’t look at Midoriya until after he retrieves the parcel of
cookies.
“I wanted to welcome you to the class,” Rikido says, holding the cookies out. Midoriya only
stares at the offering with wide eyes. Flushing, Rikido explains, “I do a lot of baking and
sometimes I like to share the stuff I make. They’re just sugar cookies. I wasn’t sure what
you’d like, or if you have allergies or anything… I can make you something else?”
“No!” Midoriya blurts thickly, snatching the cookies from Rikido, quick but still careful.
Midoriya cradles the little bag in both of his palms, like it’s delicate or precious. “I – I’m sure
they’re g-great. Thank you!”
Relieved, Rikido grins and nods. “I hope you like them! Welcome to 1-A!”
Embarrassment and anxiety dispersed like so much dust in the wind, Rikido goes to his own
desk to wait for class to begin, greeting Koda as he sits. At the edge of the room, Midoriya
rubs the back of his arm over his eyes.
Yaoyorozu leans forward and asks, “Izuku? Are you alright?”
Rikido only just hears Midoriya reply, “Yeah, s-sorry. I – I’m g-good, actually.”

Kyoka is glad that the class is making efforts to make Midoriya feel accepted, but she doesn’t
really have any plans to participate. Not like she’s really a great candidate for a welcoming
committee, anyway. Thing is, Kyoka just isn’t the friendly type. She doesn’t think she’s
unfriendly, per say, but – well, she supposes that “approachability” is one place where other
peoples’ impressions of her actually matter.
According to a lot of people, Kyoka is cold, aloof, and acerbic. They also like to talk about
her resting bitchface, enough that she has long since gotten bored of hearing about it. She

doesn’t really care much about these opinions, because they tend to come from people who
don’t actually know her, but they do kind of reflect on her ability to make friends. Friendship,
to Kyoka, is a passive thing, not an active one. The best friendships just happen, without her
needing to go out of her way to talk to or get to know someone.
That’s how she and Yaoyorozu became friends. They were paired together for an early
exercise and, well, Kyoka liked her. Thankfully, the feeling was mutual, and a friendship
bloomed all on its own. Now, though, something similar seems to have happened between
Yaoyorozu and Midoriya. She’s been sitting with him, Tokoyami, and Aoyama at lunch,
instead of Todoroki.
Or Kyoka.
Kyoka’s happy about that, really. She knows that Yaoyorozu’s not great at making friends,
either. She’s pretty shy and she second guesses herself a lot, so it’s good that she’s talking to
more people. And Midoriya’s lucky, too, to have Yaoyorozu around. She calls him Izuku.
Friendly type or not, Kyoka starts thinking that maybe she should go out of her way to talk to
Midoriya. If Yaoyorozu likes him, he’s probably worth getting to know. Then Yaoyorozu
won’t have to worry about choosing between them, or anything stupid like that.
At lunch, Kyoka slides into a serendipitously empty seat next to Yaoyorozu. Yaoyorozu
offers her a surprised smile and Kyoka returns it. Of the four other people at the table, Kyoka
ignores Tokoyami, Aoyama, and the support girl in favor of focusing on Midoriya, who
vibrates with all the invisible tension of a strummed guitar.
“What kind of music do you like?” Kyoka asks, skipping past all the small talk to cut straight
to the point. If she’s trying to get to know someone, she may as well start with the bits that
actually matter.
“Me?” Midoriya asks after a pause.
“Yeah, you.” She already knows what everyone else is into – besides support girl, but
Kyoka’s not here for her.
“Classical?” Midoriya offers after a moment, though he doesn’t sound too sure about it.
“And, um, v-video game music. Does that count?”
At the mention of classical music, Yaoyorozu lights up just a little, though she’s too demure
to really express her excitement. It’s only obvious to someone who knows what to look for.
Midoriya probably doesn’t notice.
Kyoka nods to his question. “Weird mix, but I can work with it.”

“Our third pair will be Koda and Midoriya!” All Might announces while Koji fiddles with his
fingers. As All Might announces the rest of the teams for today’s heroics lesson, Midoriya
sidles to Koji’s side, the two of them fidgeting next to each other, waiting for the strategizing
phase of the exercise to begin.
Koji hates team exercises. Which, unfortunately, is most of them. It’s not that he hates his
classmates – he likes them, actually, way better than any class he’s been in before. They’re
kind and understanding. For the most part, anyway. Bakugou doesn’t count, in Koji’s
opinion. But even Bakugou, as caustic as he is, has never mocked Koji’s difficulty with
words.
1-A accepts Koji’s silence with an easy warmth, one that doesn’t make Koji feel pressured to
speak or like a burden to be accommodated. Even speechless, even as painfully shy as he is,
he’s managed to make friends among his classmates.
But kindness isn’t a solution for all the other problems selective mutism can cause. Kindness
can’t soothe the stabbing tightness that blocks Koji’s throat, and it can’t dissolve
communication barriers. Many of his classmates have picked up a handful of basic signs, and
they’re all patient with him if he needs to write down a more complex thought, but Koji
doesn’t always have the nerve to interject like that – to make people wait on him while he
scratches out shaky words that would be much faster to say, if only he could – and even when
he does, it’s still not the smoothest process.
Group work is hard. It just is. Especially in heroics, when lots of complicated things need to
be discussed in a strictly limited amount of time. Usually, Koji just goes along with whatever
his partners decide. His own passive participation smarts, a shameful awareness of his lack of
contribution that burns particularly hot when he actually has thoughts that could advance a
strategy, thoughts that he almost always ends up holding back because he can’t overcome his
own stupid issues. Doubtlessly, Midoriya will come up with an excellent strategy, and Koji
will just uselessly nod his way through it.
“All right!” All Might booms, making Koji flinch slightly. “You all have 20 minutes, starting
now!”
Everyone disperses. Koji and Midoriya stand together. Koji is familiar with just about every
flavor of silence, and this is an awkward one, the two of them existing uneasily in the same
space.
“Um, you – you use JSL, r-right?” Midoriya asks. Koji, assiduously avoiding Midoriya’s
eyes, is pleasantly surprised to see the careful movements of his hands, in sync with his
words.
“I do! You know JSL?” Koji signs rapidly in return, excitement leaking into his fingers.
Midoriya tracks his hands carefully, brow creasing in concentration.
“I’m still l-learning,” he admits, sounding overwhelmed. Embarrassed, Koji fists his hands.
Midoriya’s own signing had been slow and hesitant, clean but clearly unpracticed. Koji
should have realized that the other boy wasn’t as fluent as he was, but he got carried away in
his happiness at the possibility.

Midoriya doesn’t seem annoyed by Koji’s slip, smiling sheepishly. “S-sorry. I might need you
to go slow o-or use simple words, if that’s alright?”
Koji nods, signing, clear and deliberate, “Of course! I can help, too, if you have questions!”
Midoriya grins and Koji, simply glad to have someone to sign with, expert or not, smiles
back. Despite Midoriya’s expertise with strategy, despite Koji’s earlier resignation, they come
up with their plan together.

Toru isn’t a strategic genius or anything, but she has a pretty solid plan A. It does the trick
nine times out of ten, in all types of situations. She’s been carefully honing this particular
strategy for over a decade now, and she thinks the time investment shows in how effective it
is.
Here it is – are you ready for this? Be invisible.
That’s right! Be invisible. People can’t stop what they can’t see. Most of the time, anyway.
Nine times out of ten. Well, twelve times out of seventeen, but that doesn’t have the same
ring to it. She rounds up – sue her.
Plan B isn’t as well-developed as plan A. It’s more circumstantial, too. More of your
traditional “assess the situation and respond accordingly” type deal. Really, the only concrete
part of plan B is the list of people Toru needs to use it against. Todoroki, Kaminari,
Yaoyorozu, Jirou, and Shoji, in case you were wondering.
Area of effect quirks and sensory quirks. AKA, the banes of Toru’s existence! Some people,
it turns out, can stop what they can’t see – either by releasing such large attacks that they can
inadvertently catch her in the crossfire or by hearing instead of seeing. Disgusting.
Today, the stars have aligned and none of those nasty plan B-ers are on the team Toru’s
facing. She creeps down a hallway, pressed close to the wall. Plan A is about fooling more
than just the eyes, and as such, she moves nearly silently. The only way someone – at least,
someone without a sensory enhancement quirk – would hear her is if they were within a foot
or two of her. In fact, it’s so hard to detect Toru that people complain about being paired
against her in exercises like this all the time. She’s just that good at them!
Then, Toru trips.
Which is honestly so ridiculously foolish of her that she can’t believe it has happened for a
moment, but she’s definitely on the ground. And she can’t get up.
All at once, she is forced to make a very important amendment to her thoughts.
Plan A works twelve times out of eighteen.

Somehow, Midoriya got close to Toru without her even noticing, pinning her to the ground
and already wrenching her arms behind her back. Unlike most of the boys, he doesn’t flush or
fluster away from touching her, despite her supposed nudity, robbing her of another
advantage she can usually rely on. She wrestles a hand out of his grip and aims a jab for his
solar plexus, hoping to wind him enough that she can get out from under him and disappear
again. He catches her wrist, deftly intercepting a blow he can’t even see coming, like some
kind of ninja or something. Straddling her, he brings her wrists together, binding them with
capture tape before she can make another escape attempt.
“How?” she groans, when the struggle is as good as over, disqualified and discontent.
Now Midoriya blushes, freckles stark against the rush of blood to his face. “I, uh – that would
be t-telling.” He smiles tentatively, like he’s unsure of his own joke.
Toru huffs, elbows flapping by her sides as she tries and fails to cross her bound arms. “Fine
then,” she pouts. “Keep your secrets.”

Hanta slides into the only unclaimed seat in 1-A. Bakugou, assuming Hanta is here for him,
starts up with all the feral snarling that the class knows and loves him for – well, the jury is
out on whether anyone other than Kirishima actually loves the guy, but the rest of them know
and tolerate him, at least. Hanta, in a show of peak tolerance, ignores Bakugou entirely,
pivoting in the chair to face Midoriya, instead. Midoriya stares back at him, eyes occasionally
drifting over Hanta’s shoulder to Bakugou, who’s foaming at the mouth or something, by the
sound of it. Hanta continues to ignore him.
“Midoriya,” Hanta begins seriously, “I’ve been letting you settle in and stuff, but I feel like
I’ve waited long enough. I have to ask. It’s time.” Hanta lets the words sit in the air, only to
end up feeling a little guilty for his melodramatics when Midoriya goes still, eyes locking on
the air next to Hanta’s head, focused on nothing at all. Hanta clears his throat. “So tell me –
did you really hit Todoroki in the head with a stick?”
Midoriya blinks.
“It was a staff,” Todoroki corrects flatly. Todoroki, ice prince that he is, doesn’t seem to care
about what’s being discussed in the slightest, which is why Hanta didn’t hesitate to ask right
in front of him.
“I would like to shake your hand,” Hanta says, nodding earnestly and reaching over
Midoriya’s desk in offering.
“What?”
“You did me a public service,” Hanta insists, wiggling his fingers. “It would be an honor to
shake your hand, sir.” When Midoriya hesitantly grasps Hanta’s hand, Hanta immediately

clasps it between both of his own, pumping his arm exuberantly. “Thank you, thank you,
truly.”
“He gave me a concussion,” Todoroki says. Hanta gives Midoriya’s hand an extra firm shake
as an added reward.
“S-sorry,” Midoriya says, helplessly looking back at Todoroki.
“Don’t be. He gave me frostbite.” Hanta playfully sticks his tongue out at Todoroki to make it
clear that he’s joking, not wanting to actually hurt the guy’s feelings. Assuming he has them.
Which he must, right? He’s just a little repressed or whatever.
Todoroki frowns mildly. “No, I didn’t,” he says. There’s no heat to the refutation, only a
bland, factual type of confusion. Hanta makes an impromptu mental list and checks confusion
off it – that’s definitely a feeling, right there.
“Next time you want to brain someone,” he tells Midoriya, “let me watch. Especially if it’s
Todoroki. Or Bakugou.”
Behind Hanta, Bakugou starts hissing and spitting again. Considering his job well done,
Hanta grins, finally releasing Midoriya’s hand.

Mido is super graceful when he’s fighting! Mina wouldn’t have guessed it because, to be
honest, the boy’s a little clumsy-gawky in class and stuff. But it’s actually really fun to watch
him fight and even more fun to fight with him! He’s got a smooth way of moving, weaving
and spinning around his opponent as he dodges attacks and slides into openings. He doesn’t
use his quirk much, either, Mina notices. Just his body! Mido’s fighting style is fluid and
deceptively wild for how controlled Mina knows it must be, unpredictable to be on the other
side of, despite the perfect flow of action. Like a well-choreographed dance!
Mina is already thinking about dance when Mido grabs her by the wrist, swings her out of his
space, the powerful SNAP travelling from his arm to hers. He lets her go at the peak of their
momentum – which is terrible etiquette from a dance partner, by the way – sending Mina
stumbling a few steps away as she tries to keep her feet. She recovers, spinning back to face
him with an eager grin. Mido smiles back, bright and toothy, with none of his normal
faltering nerves.
“Dance with me!” Mina demands, bouncing back towards him.
“What?” he asks, smile replaced with amused confusion as he ducks around her outstretched
arm, circling around behind her as she tries to keep pace, their movements syncing up.
“Yeah! Just like this!” she confirms, focusing on her footwork as she whirls around. Mido
catches her arm under the elbow, spinning her around again, so fast that she would have

gotten dizzy if she didn’t know how to spot.
“We’re sparring,” he tells her, clearly bemused, “not dancing.”
Mina laughs, “Same difference!”
Mido laughs too, and this time, when Mina stretches a hand towards him, he grabs it, lifts
their arms over their heads, and twirls her. She squeaks around her giggles when he dips her
next, clutching his arm for a moment before surrendering to the tide of the dance. The only
warning she gets is a change in his smile – not the anxious one from class, not the adrenalinehigh one from fighting, but something sharper, devious in a way Mina wouldn’t have
expected.
He drops her. Just like that, WHAM, Mina’s on the ground.
“Bad dancing!” she squawks, kicking at his ankles.
“Good sparring,” he counters. His smirk is unrepentant and uncharacteristic, but as Mina
throws herself at his shins in an attempt to tackle him to the ground, she thinks Mido could
stand to wear a look like that more often.

“I’m just not suited for leadership,” Momo says, waving a dismissive hand and trying not to
hurry the words out too obviously. She’s not sure how they landed on this subject, but she
would certainly like to leave it far behind, especially when Izuku is frowning at her with none
of the normal flighty avoidance of his eyes.
“You’re class president,” he points out. Momo shrugs. If her mother could see her, she would
be scolded for resorting to such an uncouth gesture, but Izuku doesn’t care about those things
and Momo isn’t sure what else to do. “That makes you a leader,” Izuku continues, slowly
enough that Momo has to repress a fidget under the pressure of his words.
“Yes,” Momo confirms haltingly, “but… the vote was done at the very beginning of the year.
No one knew anyone else, then. Really, whoever voted for me probably only did it because I
placed first in the quirk apprehension test.”
Izuku nods and, for a foolish instant, Momo thinks he’ll drop the subject. Instead, he says,
“You placed first because of your skill, knowledge, and creative thinking. Those are great
qualities for a leader to have.”
“Iida does a lot of the work,” Momo refutes without meeting Izuku’s eyes, a counter
argument that wilts in on itself. She doesn’t know how Izuku can call her a leader when she
can’t even stand to properly assert her own opinion on the matter.
“Of course he does, he’s the vice president. Even leaders aren’t meant to do everything
alone.”

“It’s still only first year,” she says, forcing herself to laugh. “They’ll probably chose someone
else next year.”
“I’ll vote for you.”
It’s probably cruel of her, but Momo wishes Izuku would stutter. He struggles so much with
speaking evenly, and Momo knows that his stutter gets better or worse depending on how he
is feeling. Truly, she’s a terrible friend to wish discomfort or anxiety on him, especially when
he has been doing so much better the last couple of days, but she can’t stand how sure he
sounds, in this moment.
“Well, that’s – you – I–”
“You’re my f-friend, right?” he interrupts. Wish fulfilled, Momo’s heart twists. She hates that
friend is where the doubt begins.
“Of course,” she tells him, as sincerely as she can, so he will hopefully never feel like he
needs to ask again.
“Then you can’t in-insult yourself. That’s my friend you’re talking about.”
With his shoulders straight and his head held high, Izuku’s smile looks like a challenge, a
dare. And even though some shriveled part of her is still cringing away from everything he
has said, Momo smiles back and admits defeat. They are friends after all. It won’t do for
Momo to question her friend’s judgement so harshly.

Coming back to himself feels a bit like turning dials on a radio, trying to zero-in on a distant
signal. His entire body feels fuzzy-tingly, like static – except for his head, which he can
hardly feel at all. He runs a numb tongue over his teeth, carefully keeping it behind them so
he doesn’t bite it on accident. His mouth tastes like a fried electrical outlet. Damn if that’s not
a metaphor for his entire life.
Classes are… basically over, Denki realizes.
God, it was bad this time, huh? Looks like he lost the entire second half of his day. Usually,
he’s only out of commission for about an hour, and that’s already long enough to suck major
balls. And oh man – he’s got a test coming up. His grades are piss poor even without his
brain playing hooky for half his classes. He really didn’t need any extra assistance on the
being-a-failure front.
Alright, damage control time. Kirishima will definitely lend Denki his notes. Of course,
Kirishima doesn’t really do all that much better than Denki, but anything is better than
nothing. Or maybe Jirou would do him a favor. She’s pretty smart. Not the nicest, though,

especially to Denki, even if they’re still kind of friends. She’d probably help him out, but he
doubts she’d do it quietly.
It's a cursed game of Would You Rather. Would Denki rather face Jirou’s ridicule for going
idiot mode, or his father’s for yet another failing grade?
Oh, who’s he kidding? He’s going to do everything he can to pass – hello, mockery – and
he’s still not going to – goodbye, parental pride.
Denki’s head thumps heavily against his desk. Whoops, there goes two more braincells.
Probably should have thought that through; he really doesn’t have any to spare. Then again,
thinking’s not his specialty, that’s the whole problem.
He laughs quietly against the laminated wood surface of his desk. Hey, at least he’ll be able
to have a sense of humor about it when he flunks out of school. That has to be worth
something, right? Sometimes you either laugh or you cry, and Denki knows which he prefers.
A real riot, Denki is. Thank you, thank you, he’ll be here all week. And probably not all that
much longer, the way his academics are trending.
“Um, K-Kaminari?” Denki looks up to find Midoriya standing near his desk, a couple
awkward steps too far away to say he’s really next to it. Denki props his cheek up in his palm
and smiles, lazy and slightly dazed.
“Hey, Mido. What can I do for ya on this fine afternoon?” His words slur together just
slightly, indistinct around the edges, and Denki forces himself to keep smiling as if he doesn’t
even notice.
“Are you alright?”
“Me? Oh, I’m great. Just still a lil buzzed, yaknow?” Sense of humor coming in clutch, again.
Denki laughs at his own joke. Mido doesn’t, frowning slightly and rocking on his heels. He
looks concerned, actually, which is really just – not very cash money of him, because Denki
is hilarious.
“Well, I just – do you need n-notes or s-something? I, um, I take pretty g-good ones, I ththink, and you can c-copy them, if you w-want. Or not. K-Katsuki’s are probably better–”
“Wait, Bakugou? Yeah, the guy’s notes’re insane, but so’s he. He never lets people borrow
that shit. I’ll take literally anything I can get, my dude.”
“Oh. You can – you can g-get mine, then.”
Mido passes Denki a notebook, a bright green sticky note already poking out from the
relevant pages. From the look of it, Mido’s notes are nearly as insane as Bakugou’s. Maybe
even good enough to do someone like Denki some good, huh? That’ll be the day.

“Hey Deku!” Ochako cheers, pressing her palms against the top of his desk and leaning her
weight on them. Midoriya freezes half-way through turning his attention to her, expression
sticking in place with his eyes, unblinking, still a few inches to Ochako’s right.
“Uraraka,” Tsu says, her tone gently scolding as she comes to stand by Ochako’s side.
Ochako frowns, looking from Tsu, who shakes her head slightly, to Midoriya, who is stiff as a
board.
“What did I do?” she asks, a seed of distress beginning to sprout inside her. Obviously, she
has done something to make Midoriya uncomfortable, otherwise he wouldn’t be all locked up
like that, and Tsu wouldn’t be chastising her, but Ochako didn’t mean to do any harm, and
isn’t quite sure what misstep she made.
“That’s not his name,” Tsu explains.
“Yeah, but it’s a cute nickname, isn’t it? Like you can do it! You know?” she asks, knowing
now that Deku is wrong, but not knowing how. She needs to understand the mistake she’s
made if she’s going to avoid making it again. Midoriya blinks, startled back to himself.
“Bakugou doesn’t give cute nicknames,” Tsu points out.
Ochako considers that. Finally, Midoriya meets her eyes, and she sees her own confusion
reflected back at her. Grimacing slightly, she remembers Round Face, the way Bakugou
always makes her want to cup her cheeks between her hands and hide her face.
“It means useless,” Midoriya says, voice flat and blank. “Worthless.”
Ochako slaps her hands over her mouth. Oh. Oh no. Suddenly, she is more self-conscious
about her thoughtless words than she ever has been about the way she looks. She imagines
Bakugou calling her – a coward or a disappointment or something like that, and feels tears
burn behind her eyes for having participated in that kind of mean-spirited nastiness.
“I’m sorry!” she blurts between her fingers. Midoriya looks away from her, smiling hesitant
and fragile into the space over her shoulder.
“It’s f-fine,” he says. Ochako shakes her head staunchly, but doesn’t interrupt as he continues,
“It’s not like you, uh… meant it th-that w-way.”
“Of course not!” Ochako vows. “I’ll never do it again, Midoriya!”
“You can – you can just c-call me Izuku,” Midoriya says.
Ochako is surprised, and she’s sure it shows on her face, but she resolves herself, bobbing her
head determinedly. She might make mistakes, more often than she wishes, but she won’t
make the same one twice. From now on, she’ll call Izuku exactly what he wants to be called
and nothing else. And she’ll never take her cues from Bakugou again – that’s for sure.

When Eijiro manages to catch Midoriya alone, he drops into a bow, heart pounding a
conflicted rhythm behind his ribs.
“I’m sorry for Bakugou,” he says, straightening up a moment later. Midoriya stares at him,
startled and not nearly as angry as he has the right to be.
“For… Bakugou?” Midoriya echoes, face scrunching up.
“Yeah. It’s hard not to notice how nasty he is to you. Nastier than usual.”
Eijiro frowns, teeth nicking the inside of his lip as his mouth twists. Bakugou oscillates
between ignoring Midoriya, screaming at or about him, and seeming to wish death on the guy
with his eyes. Bakugou’s always meaner than he should be, but he’s actually been getting
better about a lot of stuff. Except for Midoriya, that is. It makes Eijiro’s chest ache to
acknowledge just how terrible Bakugou can be, but that’s all the more reason to dive into the
issue head on, like a man.
“I’m still going to be his friend,” Eijiro admits. Despite everything, Bakugou is Eijiro’s best
bro now, and Eijiro’s not going to abandon him. “I want to be friends with you, too, but I
understand if you don’t want to.” Eijiro thinks he’s a pretty friendly guy, but even he never
would have made nice with someone who hung around with one of his bullies.
Midoriya, however, doesn’t seem upset in the slightest. “I don’t w-want you to stop being ffriend with Katsuki. But he – he won’t be h-happy if you spend much time with m-me.”
“I don’t care!” Eijiro states without hesitation. He definitely wants Bakugou to be happy,
sure, but if he gets mad over Eijiro liking Midoriya, that’s his own problem. “Bakugou is my
bro, but that doesn’t mean he’s in charge of me. He’ll get over it.”
Midoriya smiles, slightly wistful in a way that makes Eijiro feel like he’s missed something.
He feels that way too often when it comes to Bakugou and Midoriya’s relationship.
“You’re a n-nice guy, Kirishima,” Midoriya says. “Katsuki could use a friend like you. Take
c-care of him, alright?”
Eijiro doesn’t really understand why Midoriya would make a request like that, and he doesn’t
understand the sadness that suffuses the words. It’s important though, he can tell that much,
even without know the whys of it. Eijiro stands straighter, nodding as solemnly as he can.
“Leave it to me!”

“Do you have a name?” Izuku asks. “Other than Dark Shadow, that is.”

“Kasumi!” Dark Shadow, only recently dubbed Kasumi, crows eagerly.
While Kasumi practically vibrates with excitement, Fumikage has tensed, muscles drawing
taut and feathers pricking along his neck. His skin crawls like sin.
No one has ever asked Kasumi if she has a name. When Fumikage first heard her, four years
old and criminally oblivious, their parents and doctors had called her Dark Shadow, the
closest thing to a name she ever had. Always, though, Dark Shadow was more what she was
than who. No one ever thought to name her as anything more than a thing, not even
Fumikage, who has been sharing his body with her for their entire lives, his mind for nearly
as long. He was the person in the best position to understand and appreciate her, yet he
squandered every human moment between them. He has failed her so entirely.
“That’s an excellent name, Kasumi,” Izuku praises.
She puffs up with pride. “I’m very good with names.”
She did not come up with Kasumi herself, but Fumikage doesn’t point that out. He will not
take anything more from her. Their parents, devastated and remorseful, had chosen the name
– had chosen it years ago, before they knew if Fumikage himself would be a boy or a girl.
“Can I tell you a secret?” Kasumi asks, creeping closer to Izuku, edging up his arm, speaking
not half as softly as she likely thinks she is.
Izuku glances past her, looking to Fumikage. There is something knowing in his eyes.
Fumikage feels the visceral urge to flee before it, to hole himself up in the dark and utter a
million more apologies to Kasumi, who doesn’t even understand how badly she has been
wronged. Instead, he nods jerkily, silently giving his approval for Izuku to hear whatever
Kasumi has to say. It’s not within Fumikage’s rights to stop her – it never truly had been, and
he has years to make up for.
“I’m not a quirk,” she tells Izuku when she has his full attention. “I’m a real girl.”
“We’re twins,” Fumikage elaborates, mouth dry, words like rocks over his sandpaper tongue.
He works hard to keep his shame from his voice, lest Kasumi think it’s her Fumikage
ashamed of, rather than himself.
Izuku feigns surprise to satisfy Kasumi’s dramatics, but to Fumikage, it’s immediately
obvious that there is nothing genuine about his reaction. Somehow, Izuku already knew of, or
at least suspected, the darkness that lay at the heart of the Tokoyami family, the secret so deep
that not even they had realized.
This is more information that Fumikage isn’t sure what to do with. Confusion, certainly,
would be a valid response. How was Izuku to know what Fumikage himself had failed to
properly notice and address for so long? Perhaps there is even a place for anger. After all,
Izuku had somehow come to know life changing and personal information before Fumikage
was ready for him to know – possibly before Fumikage even knew himself.

As Kasumi preens and trills, Fumikage chooses to be grateful. It settles like a dense stone in
his stomach. Hows and whats and whys aren’t a fraction as important as the whos, and Izuku
has never failed to treat Kasumi well. Even barely knowing her, he has never once seemed to
question her personhood. Fumikage could learn from him.

Shouto stands in front of Midoriya, feet shoulder width apart and arms stiff by his sides. To
say Midoriya looks at Shouto would be generous. His eyes dart about, settling on Shouto’s
forehead only for a few second at a time before flickering away again. Midoriya, like Shouto,
doesn’t seem to know what to do with his arms, fidgeting, folding them behind him, mussing
up his hair, tugging at his uniform.
“C-can I h-help you?” Midoriya asks after a long moment, voice squeaking.
“You have a fire quirk.”
“…Yes?”
“So do I.”
Like fire, the words burn and bubble in Shouto’s throat, scorching the roof of his mouth. The
admission catches Midoriya’s interest, though. He stands straighter, restless movements
ceasing as he looks Shouto over with an assessing gaze.
“You have an extreme temperature manipulation quirk,” Midoriya corrects. “Your fire and ice
aren’t two distinct things.”
“I can’t control the fire,” Shouto grits, forcing himself not to get sidetracked by Midoriya’s
statements. As unassuming as he is, Midoriya has a way of casually saying things with
implications that, if true, would redefine Shouto’s entire life. Shouto is not here for a new
existential crisis. He is here to deal with the one Midoriya already caused.
“You can learn,” Midoriya assures. He rubs a hand over his mouth. “I doubt you could
control the ice at first, either. Though it will be harder, now. Quirks tend to strengthen as we
grow older, but even moderate use can ensure that a person’s control keeps pace with their
inherent strength. Without that use… After repressing it for so long, you’ll likely have to not
only learn control, but also overcome a deeply internalized dysregulation. It can definitely be
done, but it’ll be an uphill battle. I wonder if Shinsou could…”
Shouto waits for Midoriya to finish, growing increasingly impatient as the boy trails into
mumbling tangents that have nothing to do with Shouto’s goals.
“Teach me,” Shouto interrupts. Midoriya exhales sharply as his rambling comes to an abrupt
halt. “Even if I never use it, I need to be able to control it. So teach me.”
“Me?”

“It’s you or Endeavor.”
With internship forms due the next day, Shouto had been spurred into action. Going to his old
man was the last thing Shouto wanted, but he would if that’s what it took. He has no desire to
use his fire, the thought still revolts him, but he can’t continue to ignore it, after everything
that’s happened. He refuses to allow other people to be harmed because of his negligent,
arrogant lack of control – he refuses to be like his father in that way, even if it means using
the man’s power.
“Well,” Midoriya says, “I guess it’ll have to be me, then.”
Relief is a cool balm on the blistering heat of Shouto’s insides. Stilted, after too long a pause
to be polite, he says, “Thank you, Midoriya.”
“Call me Izuku.”
Shouto blinks. “Oh. Alright.” He stares at Midoriya, making direct eye contact for longer
than they ever have before. Shouto wonders if he should go, now. He adds, “Call me Shouto.”
Midoriya blinks. “Oh. Alright.”

Mezo knows what it looks like when someone is afraid of him. He can even identify the
various different kinds of fear. The woman at the supermarket over the weekend was afraid
he would attack her. The child on the street this morning was afraid because Mezo looked
different than everyone else. His father had been afraid of the secrets that Mezo might have
learned.
Izuku – and Mezo will call him Izuku, because that is how he introduced himself – falls into
a similar category as Mezo’s father. He manages the fear fairly well. Occasionally, he will
flinch away from Mezo, send careful looks from the corner of his eyes. Izuku diligently
avoids Mezo whenever possible. Mezo does what he can to make it possible more often than
not.
None of Izuku’s dismay is reciprocated by Mezo, but Mezo, so familiar with so many
varieties of fear, will never intentionally force his presence on someone who doesn’t want it.
Izuku’s fear would only grow worse if cornered. Considering Mezo’s suspicions about where
the feeling stems from, he doubts Izuku would appreciate any form of public confrontation,
either.
So Mezo does his best to be nonthreatening, but otherwise leaves the issue alone.
This works for only a few days until they are paired together for a rescue simulation. Izuku
handles the situation as well as a frayed rope takes weight. Which is to say, well enough for a
moment, but not sustainably, only unpredictable moments from snapping.

Carefully, Mezo begins, “If this is about what happened before the awards ceremony–”
“N-nothing happened,” Izuku interrupts. “Katsuki d-doesn’t know what he’s t-talking abbout. He was s-saying all s-sorts of s-st-stuff. N-none of it m-meant a-anyth-thing.”
“No, it didn’t” Mezo agrees, voice perfectly level in contrast to Izuku’s thin and fractured
deflections. “I hear things I’m not meant to all the time. You quickly realize that most of it
doesn’t mean anything, not without context. You can’t deduce an entire story from a single
sentence.” Mezo takes a breath, looking away from Izuku, who’s statue-stricken and
beginning to crack beneath the pressure of Mezo’s stare. “If I learn your story, it will be from
you. Anything else is meaningless.”
There is a long pause, and Mezo is content to let it be, just as he has with Izuku’s avoidance
up to this point.
Softly, Izuku breaks the silence, “Th-thank you.”

“I’m s-sorry about what happened to your br-brother.”
The corner of Tenya’s notebook crumples, his hands jerking as he tries to slot the book
between the others in his bag. He recovers smoothly, pretending the muscle spasm didn’t
happen, plastering a mild smile over his face when he turns to face Midoriya. Strength and
optimism in the face of grief, he tells himself. That’s what everyone wants to see, he just
needs to fake it well enough.
“Thank you,” he says graciously. “We’re just grateful he’s alive.”
Of course, Tensei will never be the same. In some way, he really did die, regardless of the all
the monitors that beep around him in time with his heartbeat. His life is over, and what is
death if not the end of life? Survival looked like a cruel parody of life when the doctors said
he would never walk again.
Hefting his bag over his shoulder, Tenya makes to leave, but Midoriya speaks again, “Don’t
do it.”
“Do what?” Tenya asks, cocking his head. Midoriya meets his eyes too intensely. Tenya
reinforces his look of stern confusion, refusing to allow himself to bristle beneath the
knowing glint in Midoriya’s eyes.
“Whatever you’re thinking of doing. Don’t.”
Tenya’s temper flares, newly volatile in this last week. There is so much in the world to be
outraged at, and at the moment, Midoriya finds himself at the top of Tenya’s list. Daring to
look knowing, speaking like a warning, an omen. Of course Midoriya would try to stand in
the way of justice. He was a villain, after all.

“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tenya says, glad Uraraka has already gone
home. She wouldn’t have liked his tone.
“I have a brother, too, you know,” Midoriya says. Tenya didn’t ask and doesn’t care. He bites
hard on his tongue to stop himself from snapping as much. A copper tang fills his mouth. “I –
I do g-get it. I would do nearly a-anything for him. I h-h-have.” Midoriya takes a deep breath,
looking away from Tenya to stare hard at the wall, jaw working silently. When he continues,
he doesn’t stutter. “Which is why I can tell you there’s no coming back from something like
that. You have people you can rely on, Iida. You don’t need to be the one to take care of it.
I’m pretty sure your brother won’t be any more grateful than mine was.”
Midoriya has the gall to smile. A wry quirk to his lips, like he is making a joke, like he is
trying to establish some kind of camaraderie with Tenya. Trying to bond over family, as if the
two of them are anything alike. Tenya raises his chin, staring glacially down at Midoriya.
“I have no idea what you’re talking about.”

Déjà vu.
A perfect example of the beautiful versatility of the French language, a simple phrase for
such a complex but universal sensation.
There is still at least an hour left in today’s heroics lesson, but Yuga has already been lost to
the swell of déjà vu and misery. His stomach writhes like a beast with claws, pulling, tearing,
rending in several directions like tissue paper in careless hands. Maybe it’s his theatrical
nature speaking, but every time this happens, Yuga wonders how he survives it. Surely, it
feels like his insides will never be the same again, like they must have been reduced to a raw
and bloody pulp under his skin.
Of course, he will survive, and he will feel quite foolish for it. Foolish for allowing this to
happen, foolish for being incapacitated by it. They are in the middle of an exercise, and he
has a role to play, his team is relying on him – but perhaps it was foolish of them to have
placed any faith in him. It’s hardly as if this embarrassment is an unusual occurrence.
Yuga sees Recovery Girl often enough that he can perfectly picture the way her lips will
flatten with unimpressed discontent when he staggers through the infirmary doors. Alas, he is
infirm. Infirm, inferior, inflicting himself with an influx of infinite inferno-fire pain, earning
infernal infamy between the infirmary walls.
The ground swims in front of his eyes, little rainbow sparks dancing over the concrete.
Perhaps he has become slightly delusional, as well. Pain has always unmade him – a horrible
weakness for a hero, Yuga knows.
“Oh, Aoyama.”

Déjà vu.
Izuku, with a hazy aura of colors smeared around his edges, is too bright to look at. He
always shines, but he seems especially brilliant when Yuga is at his most dim. Izuku is on the
opposite team, but Izuku, pillar of virtue that he is, never places competition before
compassion.
“Backlash?” he asks softly. With guiding motions from gentle hands, he eases them both to
the ground. He is already familiar with this version of Yuga, stripped of pretense and flayed
of glamour.
Yuga wonders if Izuku feels the echo of their first meeting in this moment as strongly as
Yuga does.
“It’s alright,” Izuku says, voice thick with pity or sympathy – Yuga can’t discern which. “I
can – I’ll just…”
A hand cups the back of Yuga’s neck, a cold shock grounding him against the live embers
rolling up and down his spine. The relief is as potent as Yuga remembers, cascading through
him, leaving only mild aches and aftershock tremors in its wake. It’s better than Recovery
Girl’s healing, even, which leaves Yuga feeling exhausted and wrung out, a hollow version of
his usual self.
Izuku, despite generously gifting Yuga with reprieve, clearly doesn’t share Yuga’s new peace
of mind. The terror in him is frightfully obvious, his face wane, eyes glassy like the windows
of an abandoned home. Izuku has been so careful, Yuga knows, so withholding, but of course
that self-preserving caution collapses at the first opportunity he has to be helpful.
Yuga grabs Izuku’s hand, clasping it tightly before the other can pull it away from his neck.
Izuku’s palm is calmy with a cold sweat, and Yuga couldn’t possibly say which of them it
belonged to you.
“I won’t ask,” Yuga assures him, voice slightly hoarse from the ordeal. “I will just say thank
you, mon amie. For this time, and the last.”

“Izuku,” Tsu says to catch his attention over the background bustle of the class. “I tend to say
whatever I’m thinking.”
He smiles slightly, nods. “I kn-know you do, Tsu.”
“I’ve been wanting to say some things, but I didn’t want to disturb you when you first joined
the class. Can I say them now?”
Normally, Tsu wouldn’t ask, even if it meant someone being unhappy with her, but it has only
been a little over a week, and she still frequently sees Izuku overwhelmed, notices the way

his eyes and smile go slightly vacant as he is triggered into distancing himself from his
surroundings. He looks at her, apprehension lighting in his eyes, then dimming into
something heavy and sober.
“Go ahead.”
“Thank you,” Tsu says, after a moment’s thought to determine where best to begin. The
tension around Izuku wavers, a bewildered divot forming between his eyebrows.
“Me? For what?”
“You saved my life.”
“He did?” Uraraka asks, looking to Tsu in surprise.
“Man, I knew Midobro was manly,” Kirishima says.
The class listens intently. This is the first time any of them have brought up Izuku’s history
with their class, explicitly and to his face. They have all been waiting for this moment, and
curiosity had been creeping closer to its boiling point every day. Patience was a rare and
limited resource in 1-A.
Tsu keeps her focus on Izuku, ignoring the attentive eyes around them. The dimple on Izuku’s
forehead deepens. The consternation on his face is almost comical, especially with the
asymmetry of his eyebrows, but Tsu refrains from speaking that particular thought out loud.
“I didn’t do anything,” he argues.
“That man, Shigaraki, he could turn things to ash with his hands. He was hardly an inch away
from grabbing my face when you stopped him.”
“What?” Uraraka gasps. “Tsu, you never said anything about that!”
It’s true; Tsu has mostly tried to forget the helpless horror of the whole situation, comforting
herself with her survival and refusing to be haunted by what ifs. She has no desire to linger
on what could have been. All that matters is what is – she is alive, and Izuku is the one who
saved her, whether that was his intention or not.
Tsu watches him withdraw, a rapid shift that leaves him feeling much farther away than he
physically is. He retreats into himself without moving at all; the only change is something
intangible in his eyes.
Maybe Tsu should have waited longer to bring it up. Maybe she never should have gotten so
detailed. She remembers the way Izuku had been crying, the way Shigaraki had called him
Rogue, the familiar way they had spoken to each other. There’s history there, and of course it
would still be sensitive. It hasn’t even been a month.
Everything has happened so quickly.
“You shouldn’t thank me for that,” Izuku tells her, nearly a whisper.

Tsu hesitates but shakes her head. “I’m glad you were there,” she insists. “I think it would
have been worse if you hadn’t been. Thank you, Izuku.”

I’m glad you were there.
I’m glad you were there and an audience of idiots, listening with bated breath as a villain is
declared a hero.

I’m glad you were there.

Katsuki wasn’t glad.
When he saw Deku at the USJ, Katsuki had thought that he was dead. He had thought he was
in fucking hell. If souls existed, Katsuki’s had screamed in the face of perpetual torment,
that’s how in hell he had thought he was. His own personal demon, there to torture him,
punish him, ruin him.
Deku ruined everything. He ruined Katsuki.
Of course he did, he was a goddamned villain.

Katsuki needs him to be the villain. Because Katsuki is going to be a hero. Everyone knows
that the hero always wins. If Deku is the villain and Katsuki is the hero, then everything is
going to be fine. If Deku’s not the villain, then –
What does Katsuki punch? How does he win?
If Deku’s not the villain, then what are Katsuki’s nightmares about? And how does he stop
having them? When will things be fine again?

Do you ever feel like you’re already dead? Or maybe like you were never alive to begin with.
Katsuki doesn’t know if he has a pulse.

He thinks this might be hell. It feels like Deku has damned him. It feels like Deku is climbing
over him, rising higher as he drags Katsuki deeper. It feels wrong. It tastes like ash and
copper, a single warbling, high-pitched note. Everyone stares at him, but their faces all look
warped, like plastic, like they’re not human. They stare at him like he’s not human.
Katsuki realizes he has been speaking. He hasn’t heard a word of what he’s said.
Hobo-Sensei is a dark silhouette in the doorway, with hellfire in his eyes.
Katsuki thinks he must be in hell.

Chapter End Notes

Dark Shadow’s name, Kasumi, means mist. At least, according to my very shallow dive
through google. That said, I am NOT good at naming characters, especially in a
language that is not my own. I debated giving her a name at all, just because I don’t
usually like to edit canon characters to that degree? But I think it would be pretty shitty
to acknowledge that she is her own person without addressing the name issue. Man, I
don’t know why I feel the need to offer a million justifications for this, damn. Me @ me
chill tf out bro
Yaoyorozu: *eats lunch with Izuku*
Yaoyorozu: *calls him by his first name*
Yaoyorozu: *is excited that Izuku also likes classical music*
Jirou: This is FINE.
Izuku: I don’t dance
Mina: I know you can!!
Izuku: Take it from me – you don’t want to be a train.
Iida: What the hell does that even mean?
Me: I don’t really care about this character
Me: *writes a single scene from their perspective*
Me: I’ve only had them for 400 words, but if anything happened to them, I would kill
everyone in this room and then myself.
Next chapter: Brainwashing – Part VII
Update: Jul 29

Chapter 35: Brainwashing - Part VII
Chapter Notes

Motivation this week go *whistles like a cartoon anvil being dropped from a very high
place*
Art from L inspired by a Dissociated Izuku!
Lark: X
Rhino: X
Sits: X
Snowy: X X X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Shouta leaves the class alone for fifteen minutes.
It’s fine – it should be fine. He does it all the time. They’re big boys and girls, and Vlad is
right next door in case they get up to anything they really shouldn’t. Shouta can take fifteen
minutes out of their study period to discuss the upcoming internships with Nedzu without the
world ending.
A monitor beeps.
Nedzu’s computer makes any variety of noises. Shouta has learned to just ignore the whistles
and chimes, same as Nedzu does. This particular tone catches the rat’s attention, and he spins
away from Shouta midsentence to click around, faster than Shouta can register, until tinny
audio fills the room.
“Don’t talk about my mother,” Izuku says. Shouta’s spine straightens, a rigid line of steel to
match the unyielding harshness of Izuku’s voice.
“About what?” Bakugou’s voice, but uncanny. It’s dull and level, hardly rising with his
question. “About how she lied for years?”
Shouta meets Nedzu’s eyes. Something is wrong with Bakugou. Something is wrong. It’s a
rare occasion – and not a desired one – where the rat stops smiling. Now, the black specs of
his eyes are no longer glinting or mischievous. He looks grim.
Reaching over the desk between them, Shouta grabs Nedzu by the collar of his suit, tugging
him out of his seat and dumping him unceremoniously in the loops of Shouta’s capture
weapon. Normally, Nedzu hates being manhandled – hates anyone who has the audacity to
treat him like an animal – and normally, Shouta respects that. But at the moment, something
is wrong, and Nedzu doesn’t offer a single complaint as Shouta rushes out of the room.

Forty-three seconds after Nedzu’s monitor beeped, Shouta pulls the door to his classroom
open.
“You’re all idiots if you think this will end well,” Bakugou says.
The funny thing is, he sounds almost reasonable. His voice conveys obvious disdain and
frustration, but he speaks slowly; he doesn’t yell.
Still, the room is so silent you could hear a pin drop. Shouta doesn’t think he’s ever seen a
hero class this quiet. Their faces are pale or slightly green, slack or confused or horrified.
Izuku and Bakugou stare at one another, Izuku’s blank expression clearly visible from where
Shouta has frozen. Bakugou’s hands are a bloodless white, fisted tightly around the back of
his chair. He turns away from Izuku, back to the front of the classroom, stare landing on
Shouta. His face is just as blank as Izuku’s.
Disturbingly, Shouta wants to shake him. He wants to grab Bakugou by the shoulders, haul
him out of his seat, and jostle him back and forth until that empty look rattles off his face.
Shouta’s fingers dig into the wood of the door frame, splinters pricking at the soft flesh
beneath his fingernails. In all his years of teaching, he has never been this angry with a
student.
The top of Nedzu’s skull collides roughly with Shouta’s chin as the rat pops out of Shouta’s
capture weapon. Shouta certainly would have bitten his tongue, if his jaw weren’t already
shut as tightly as a steel trap.
“It’s me!” Nedzu cries out. “The principal!” He speaks with his usual jaunty cheer, but
Shouta can hear the strain in his tone. The words seem to travel slowly through the thick
tension of the classroom, taking several seconds to reach the students’ ears. They look on
uneasily.
“Bakugou,” Shouta growls, surprised at the gravel of his own voice.
Bakugou blinks – once, slowly and slightly out of sync, twice. His mouth twitches. An
explosion pops in palm, barely anything more than a wisp of smoke that Shouta snuffs out
immediately with Erasure. Staring at his own hand, Bakugou’s eyes widen abruptly, lips
curling back over his teeth in a snarl.
“Bakugou!” Shouta shouts, just as Bakugou begins to turn back to Izuku, a harsh, unformed
syllable already spilling out of his mouth. “Out!”
“Huh?!”
“We need to talk.”
Nedzu pats a small paw against Shouta’s cheek. Shouta flinches away from the unexpected
gesture. Unraveling part of Shouta’s capture weapon from around his neck, Nedzu uses the
length to rappel to the floor.

“Let me take this, Shouta,” he says, smiling in a way that shows the tiny points of his teeth.
“I think Bakugou and I are overdue for a conversation. How about you handle things here?”
A vicious part of Shouta wants to protest. He’s tired of Bakugou. Tired of all his bullshit and
the way he keeps, keeps relentlessly, dragging Izuku down into whatever mire his head is
stuck in. Tired of his stubborn refusal to face, to even acknowledge, his actual problems, to
learn and grow from them.
Sure, yes, Bakugou has been improving, Shouta can acknowledge that. The boy he met on
the first day of school never would have voluntarily started therapy, never would have
requested help or even admitted that he needed it. Bakugou is growing, but to Shouta, here
and now, that growth is not happening fast enough. He wants to give Bakugou a piece of his
goddamned mind. Maybe then the urgency of this shit would finally sink through the kid’s
thick skull.
Of course, all these reasons Shouta wants to protest are also reasons that Nedzu should be the
one to handle to boy. Shouta is biased, and emotionally compromised, and – at the moment –
incredibly tightly wound. And Bakugou is unstable, only finally trying to heal, and – at the
moment – floundering desperately.
Shouta releases his quirk and nods tightly to approve Nedzu’s suggested plan.
“Come with me, Bakugou,” Nedzu says, pushing against Shouta’s shin until Shouta gets the
hint and steps out of the door. Bakugou wobbles subtly on his feet when he stands and
crosses the room. “Do you like tea?” Nedzu asks as they go on their way.
1-A is still silent. Shouta takes advantage of the moment, the calm before the storm, closing
his eyes and taking a deep breath. He doesn’t know the whole of what Bakugou said, but he
has his suspicions.
A voice breaks the silence, “There, there, Izuku. It’s alright.”
Shouta opens his eyes. Dark Shadow clumsily patting Izuku on the arm, making an odd
cooing noise. Izuku looks at her, still forebodingly expressionless. Tokoyami watches with
the feather of his head fluffed out, spikier than Shouta has ever seen them.
“You can steal me if you want to. I wouldn’t even mind, you’re nice and I like you!”
Shouta’s breath turns to lead, lungs petrifying and shriveling in his chest. He suspected, and
now he knew. Little else would have reduced 1-A to this silent staring, lost and afraid and
unsure of how afraid they ought to be to begin with.
“You’re not a quirk,” Tokoyami reminds Dark Shadow quietly, defusing any further attempts
she might make at misguided comfort.
Feeling like he has cinderblocks tied around his ankles, Shouta steps forward, ignoring the
students who track him with their eyes as he passes them. He kneels next to Izuku, his bad
knee protesting against the tile floor as he grabs one of Izuku’s hands out of his lap and
squeezes it tightly.

“How are you feeling?” Shouta asks hoarsely. Izuku looks at him. The entire class looks at
him. They’re all silent. Shouta swallows painfully, clears his throat, and squeezes Izuku’s
hand again, repeating, “How are you feeling, Izuku?”
Izuku’s fingers twitch in Shouta’s grip.
“I – I’m feeling.”
“Good,” Shouta says.
He thinks about asking what happened, but the question sticks in his throat. Izuku still looks
listless, but this time, when Shouta squeezes his hand, Izuku squeezes back. His grip is tight
that the bones in Shouta’s hands grind together. With small, jerky movements, Izuku glances
around the room, avoiding looking directly at any of his classmates, but inevitably noticing
the way they are all watching him. Through their joined hands, Shouta can feel Izuku’s fine,
tense tremor.
“Can I–” his voice breaks, “C-can I g-go? I w-want to g-g-go.”
Shouta stands, pulling Izuku to his feet at the same time. Izuku’s hair flattens beneath
Shouta’s palm as he puts a hand on the kid’s head, waiting for Izuku’s eyes to stop darting
frantically around his surroundings and focus on Shouta. With his heart in his throat and a
sour taste on his tongue, Shouta wishes he could do more.
“You can go. I’ll take care of this,” Shouta assures, trying for the dry, factual confidence that
he knows Izuku appreciates. Izuku nearly slumps with a desperate kind of relief, but he
immediately goes jittery-taut again. Shouta pats the side of his head brusquely. “Go to the
teachers’ lounge. Not alone,” he adds after a moment’s thought. “Get Mic.”
Izuku nods and leaves the room, just shy of a stumbling run.
Shouta closes his eyes again, takes a deep breath through his nose, allows himself to half-sit
half-lean against the top of Izuku’s desk. Fabric rustles as someone shifts. Shouta sighs.
“What did Bakugou say?”
More shuffling. Through cracked eyes, Shouta looks over his class. With a quick scan, he
categorizes their reactions – shocked, confused, and horrified. Asui, Koda, Shoji, Tokoyami,
Todoroki, and Yaoyorozu. Aoyama, Ashido, Kirishima, and Sato. Iida, Uraraka, Ojiro,
Kaminari, Jirou, and Sero. The lot of them look between each other.
“Yaoyorozu,” Shouta calls. She squeaks – soft, but he’s close enough to hear it. “What did
Bakugou say?”
She clears her throat, staring down at her hands on her desk, pressing her palms flat to the
surface. “He – He told us about Izuku’s quirk, sir.”
“Don’t call me sir. What about it?”

“About… about how Izuku stole Explosion, when they were young. Is it true, Sensei? Can
Izuku really…” She trails off, mouth pursing into a wobbly, conflicted line.
“Can he really steal quirks?” Uraraka finishes.
“No way,” Kaminari says, thin and urgent. “That’s not possible! It’s – it’s not possible,
right?”
“Don’t be an idiot,” Jirou snaps. “Of course it’s not possible. Bakugou was making shit up.”
“Hey!” Kirishima protests, reanimating from his shocked state as he comes immediately to
Bakugou’s defense. “Bakugou’s a lot of things, alright, but he’s not a liar!”
“So, it’s true,” Uraraka yelps.
“Sensei?” Yaoyorozu asks. Her stare, helplessly uncertain and concerned, itches against
Shouta’s skin.
“It’s true,” Shouta confirms.
The outcry is panicked and confused in turns. Wondering how something like this could be
true, wondering what it means that it is. For once, activating Erasure isn’t enough to silence
them.
Shouta resorts to shouting, “It’s true, and it always has been. Get over it!”
A hush falls, startled eyes looking back to him. Several students have the gall to look hurt by
the declaration. Shouta narrows his eyes.
“Nothing has changed,” he says. “You were fine with him this morning. You can be fine with
him now.”
“We didn’t know this morning,” Ojiro counters.
“It’s so scary,” Uraraka adds, lower lip pinched between her teeth.
“Yeah,” Kaminari agrees, “What if he–”
Shouta’s temper snaps, more spectacularly than it ever has before.
“What if you killed a dozen people with a single shock?” he asks, voice as lethal as the
hypothetical he proposes. Kaminari pales, shrinking back into his seat. “What if I snapped a
man’s neck? Do you understand what I’m saying?”
From their uncomfortable, nearly fearful glances, Shouta doesn’t think they do. He hisses a
frustrated sigh, pressing a hand over his forehead to massage his temples. Life lessons are
always the hardest ones to teach, the most painful. He has never been particularly kind about
teaching necessarily lessons, though as on-edge as he is, he might be verging towards cruel,
today. He tries to reign himself in, though he has no yardstick to measure his success.

“Let me make one thing very clear. All of you, all of us, are dangerous. We can all hurt
people. Hurt them, kill them – worse. As heroes, we weaponize not only our quirks but our
very bodies. Why don’t civilians fear us?” Silence. “Uraraka, tell me why.”
Uraraka gasps, looking to a stone-faced Iida for help and receiving nothing. “Um,” she
stutters, “because we’re heroes, right? We’re there to help.”
“But we could hurt them. Strength is a double-edged sword. It can harm just as easily as it
can protect. Easier, even. So how do they know that we’ll help them?” Shouta looks sternly
around the class. “Don’t make me start calling more names,” he threatens when none of them
seem willing to speak up.
“They don’t know,” Aoyama answers, lacking his typical flair. “They trust that heroes are on
their side.”
“Yes. Heroes have the strength to harm people, and they make the choice to use it to help,
instead. I made that choice. So did all of you. And so did Izuku. Everyone else has to trust in
that choice.”
“Except he was a villain,” Iida interjects flatly. “He made the choice to hurt people, and then
he changed his mind. He could change it back.”
“No,” Shouta snaps, anger flaring again. “Other people made the choice to hurt Izuku, and he
made the choice to help himself. Knowing his quirk doesn’t tell you anything about what he
has been through, and it’s frankly none of your business. He is not and never was a villain,
and I don’t want to hear any of you saying as much again.”
Some of them have the grace to look chastised. Iida squares his jaw and glares at the floor.
Kaminari’s head whips back and forth as he looks frantically between Sero and Kirishima,
both thoughtful and reserved, for guidance. Visibly overwrought, he squirms in his seat.
“But – But what if–”
“Knock it off!”
This time, it’s not Shouta whose patience has worn thin. Yaoyorozu stands, a flush of red
high on her cheeks as she breathes heavily. She smooths her hair back with a shaky hand,
jerking her chin high into the air as she glares at her classmates.
“That’s our friend you’re talking about! It doesn’t matter what he could do because he won’t
do it! He’s been here a week and a half, and he’s been nothing but kind the entire time!
Maybe you should be asking yourselves why he trusts you, considering that you’re the ones
who are being – being jerks!”
Stunned silence follows her outburst, broken a moment later by Asui.
“He saved my life,” she says, soft but firm. Her voice trembles – only slightly, but for
someone who is normally so composed, it shakes everyone who hears it like an earthquake.

On the tail of Yaoyorozu’s rant, this seems to hit the class hard, a head-on collision that paints
guilt over many of their faces. Uraraka reaches out to grab Asui’s hand. Shouta sighs. His
anger drains away, leaving him tired and deflated, with a migraine taking root behind his
eyes.
“I know it’s shocking information,” he allows, “and it’s scary to think about. But Izuku isn’t a
danger to you. I’ll repeat what I told you on his first day – if you bother or harass him, I will
find out. That hasn’t changed, and it still won’t be tolerated. Am I understood?”
One by one, Shouta’s students nod.

The door catches as it slides open, clattering on its tracks as it sticks, then banging the rest of
the way into place. Midoriya stands in the doorway, hand still clenched around the door,
staring at it as if it has wronged him before looking away, freezing under the collective eyes
of class 1-C, Hitoshi included.
“Hey there, kiddo!” Yamada-Sensei greets, smiling easily and ignoring the curiosity of his
students. “Is everything alright?”
Midoriya looks – not great. Not as bad as Hitoshi has ever seen him, but still. Midoriya is
pale and stiff as a corpse, eyes blank as he looks over 1-C. It’s nothing like how he shattered
to pieces after his confrontation with Hitoshi last week, but he’s clearly a far cry from alright.
Surprisingly, there aren’t any tears in his eyes, but Hitoshi has no doubt they’ll catch up with
Midoriya soon enough, given the state of him.
You good? Hitoshi mouths as Midoriya’s gaze, scanning over the class, lands on him.
Midoriya doesn’t seem to notice, or even recognize Hitoshi, really, which makes the hair
along the back of his neck prickle against his shirt collar.
Yamada stands, approaching Midoriya slowly enough to call cautious, but casually enough to
mask that caution. He stands between Midoriya and the class, easily blocking the smaller boy
from view, saying something that Hitoshi can’t pick up.
“T-teachers’ lounge?” Midoriya blurts, too loud.
“Sounds like a plan,” Yamada agrees immediately, nodding. With a gentle hand on
Midoriya’s shoulder, he steers him around, turning back to the class briefly. “Kawamoto!
You’re in charge. Kayama is right next door if you need anything. Behave!”
Kawamoto, their class representative, nods, but Yamada has already turned away, leading
Midoriya away from the class and towards the teachers’ lounge.
“What was that about?” someone wonders. The sentiment is echoed by several others.

“That was the new hero kid, wasn’t it? Hey Shinsou – didn’t you fight him during the sports
festival? Is he always that weird?”
Unthinking, Hitoshi shakes his head. Midoriya is always his own kind of weird, sure, but
most of the time he’s mostly just goofy, nerdy, and awkward, maybe a touch anxious or too
intense. Something has obviously happened for him to seek Yamada out in the middle of the
school day, all blank-faced and shaken like that. Hitoshi frowns, deaf to his classmates’
follow up questions.
“Where are you going, Shinsou?” Kawamoto asks.
Hitoshi realizes he’s stood up, stepped away from his desk.
“Uh,” he says. “Bathroom.”
Kawamoto frowns, but Hitoshi ignores him – fairly standard behavior – and darts out of the
room. Yamada had left the door open when he bustled Midoriya away. Presumably to the
teachers’ lounge – that’s what Midoriya had said.
Is Hitoshi really going to follow them? It’s probably a bad idea. His nosiness has already
gotten him into trouble with Midoriya, and while Midoriya himself might be kind of
ridiculously forgiving, Aizawa had seemed pretty pissed about it, and Hitoshi suspects that
he’s far less merciful than Midoriya. Undecided, Hitoshi finds himself standing in front of the
door to the teachers’ lounge. Thankfully, he can’t hear anything from this side of it, so he can
waffle about as much as he wants without an inadvertent repeat of the eavesdropping
incident.
It’s not really Hitoshi’s business to worry, but he’s always been terrible about keeping his
nose out of things that don’t concern him. Besides, he and Midoriya are – well, they’re not
friends or anything, but they get along well enough, now. They had their “mediated
conversation” exactly a week ago, and as much as Hitoshi still doesn’t know the full story, as
much as he can’t help but still feel bitter sometimes, as much as he still regularly puts his foot
in his mouth, it definitely helped him pull his head out of his ass. He and Midoriya might not
be friends, but they can cooperate and tolerate each other’s company.
Which may be the closest thing Hitoshi has to a friend, is the thing.
Biting his tongue, Hitoshi knocks on the door twice, hard enough that his knuckles echo with
the force, and then pulls it open. On the admittedly-super-comfortable couch, Midoriya leans
over his knees, hands tangled into his hair. He’s crying now, as Hitoshi predicted, but he’s not
paying any attention to his own tears. Yamada has an arm wrapped around Midoriya’s
shoulders, but he looks up with a strained smile as Hitoshi stumbles into the room.
“Did you need something, Shinsou?” Yamada asks, kind but pointed.
“Fuck,” Hitoshi says dumbly, tongue aching from imprints of his teeth. “Are you okay?”
“Ah, it was nice of you to check in,” Yamada answers, brow pinching, but pasted on smile
growing slightly more genuine. “We’re fine, here, thank you, Shinsou. Just need a moment to

ourselves, yeah?” He rubs a hand briskly over Midoriya’s arm, pulling the boy closer to his
side. Midoriya looks up, pinning Hitoshi under a flat green stare.
“Right,” Hitoshi says, stilted, ears burning. “Sorry, I just – yeah, I’ll go.”
“Wait,” Midoriya interrupts, stopping Hitoshi just as he is reaching for the doorknob. “Why
aren’t you afraid of my quirk?”
Swallowing, Hitoshi turns back to Midoriya’s intent gaze. It’s obviously an important
question, and Hitoshi leans back against the door, staring up at the ceiling as he considers it.
They haven’t spoken about Midoriya’s quirk since their Conversation. Clearly, it’s a topic
that Midoriya prefers to avoid, and Hitoshi is perfectly happy to play along with that.
Thinking of it still makes his stomach feel somewhat unsettled.
“I am afraid of your quirk,” he says finally, blunt and honest, with his hands shoved into his
pockets to hide the way his fingers twitch. “It’s terrifying. I’m not going to pretend it’s not.”
“But you’re h-here,” Midoriya points out. Hitoshi doesn’t look at Midoriya, but he can feel
Midoriya’s frown like it’s pressed against his skin. “To m-make sure I’m o-okay? W-why – if
you–”
“That’s the thing. Your quirk is terrifying. You’re, uh, not, though? Well, you can be, I guess,
but like – I’m not really afraid of you. Most of the time. So it doesn’t really matter if I’m
scared of your quirk, since it’s yours.” Hitoshi pulls a hand from his pocket to wave it
vaguely through the air. “Really, I’m glad it’s yours.”
Midoriya is quiet for so long that Hitoshi feels compelled to actually look at him. Midoriya’s
frown has gone slack on his mouth. He stares back at Hitoshi, suspicious and
uncomprehending, like Hitoshi has been speaking in tongues. Considering that Hitoshi has
never been the best with words – not in situations like this, anyway – maybe he really hadn’t
been making any sense. Yamada, though, doesn’t seem confused in the slightest, nodding
slightly to Hitoshi when their eyes meet.
“What?” Midoriya asks, brittle.
“Your quirk,” Hitoshi clarifies. He grimaces. “I know it would have been easier if you had
actually had a fire quirk or something. I know your, uh, life would have been… easier. But I
just mean – if a quirk that steals other quirks has to exist, I’m glad you’re the one who has it.
You’re probably the only person who could have it and still be so…” Hitoshi trails off with
another obscure gesture of his hand, ducking his chin down against his chest to hide the flush
spreading over his face.
He's probably being insensitive again. He knows Midoriya has trauma surrounding his quirk –
probably shit worse than Hitoshi can even imagine, so he’s not even going to bother trying to
fill in those gaps himself. He stands by his words, at least in the sense that he really does
think the world would be totally fucked if pretty much anyone else had Midoriya’s quirk. But
Hitoshi didn’t need to say as much, not to Midoriya. Like – hey, I know this thing has
brought you an immense amount of suffering, but I’m glad you have it! Hitoshi may as well
have said that he’s glad Midoriya went through all that unimaginable shit.

“Anyway,” he continues abruptly after a long moment of silence, “what happened?”
The silence drags on as if unbroken. That was probably the wrong question to ask, Hitoshi
realizes, a second too late, as always. Bringing up the cause of Midoriya’s current crisis
definitely won’t do anything to get them out of this conversational minefield.
Why had he come here again? Really, what had he thought he could offer this situation? God,
Hitoshi really shouldn’t be allowed to speak. Berating himself internally, Hitoshi runs a
finger over the small nick on the bridge of his nose.
“Katsuki told everyone,” Midoriya answers, right as Hitoshi is contemplating taking a vow of
silence. “All of 1-A knows about my quirk. They’re all going to hate me, now.” Midoriya’s
claims are desolately confident. Hitoshi slumps further into the door behind him, inching to
the side as the doorknob nearly jabs him in the hip.
“Eh, probably not,” he counters, looking to Yamada for back-up. Hitoshi is met with only a
curious, expectant look. He picks at his cuticles. “Well, I don’t hate you. And most of 1-A
seems way nicer than me, right, so, uh – they won’t hate you. Not all of them, at least. That’s
probably, um, statistically unlikely or something.”
Yamada smiles at Hitoshi, which is so completely unhelpful that Hitoshi is tempted to flip
him off. Really, Yamada is the one who is good with people, and he clearly has some kind of
connection with Midoriya. Hitoshi, as jaded and pessimistic as he is, certainly isn’t qualified
to be giving any pep talks.
“You’re weird,” Midoriya says thickly. He rubs the heel of his palm beneath his eyes,
scrubbing away the salt crust of dried tears there.
Hitoshi frowns. “What’s that got to do with anything?”
“You’re n-not denying.”
“Well, I – shut up. If I’m weird, then you’re – you’re weirder.”
“Prob-bably.”
Half-hearted and weary, Midoriya laughs. It’s not a particularly happy noise, but Hitoshi is
still oddly proud to have caused it. Maybe his vow of silence can wait a little longer, maybe
there’s hope for him yet when it comes to this whole civil human interaction thing. At least so
long as he’s talking to someone as weird as Midoriya.
“What’ll I do if they h-hate me?” Midoriya asks, contemplative and concerned.
Sympathy aches like a bruise along Hitoshi’s ribs. Normally, when Midoriya gets upset, he
falls to pieces in such a jagged and dramatic way that Hitoshi can feel nothing but panicked
confusion at the spectacle. Feelings like Midoriya’s – Hitoshi doesn’t know how they get like
that, or what to do about them. He won’t begrudge Midoriya for it – Lord knows Hitoshi’s
brain is broken in its own fun and fucked up ways – but it’s extreme and individual enough
that Hitoshi can’t really relate to it at all.

Not this, though. This quiet, insecure anxiety is all too familiar to Hitoshi. He knows the fear,
he knows the reality, and he knows the painful cycle of fear becoming reality, again and
again.
“It’s not the end of the world,” he answers. “There are definitely people who will hate you
because they’re afraid of your quirk. And it’ll definitely suck. But that won’t be everyone. I
mean – you don’t fear-hate me, do you?” The question rolls awkwardly from Hitoshi’s
tongue as he considers taking it back half-way through.
“Of course not!” Midoriya replies in an instant, adamant and unashamed.
“Uh, r-right. Then I don’t see why anyone should fear-hate you. Hell, you’re probably less
likely to use your quirk against someone than I am.”
“It’s not that e-easy,” Midoriya says after a moment, resigned and almost petulant. Hitoshi
tugs a hand through his hair.
“No, it’s not,” he agrees. “But they’re the ones making it hard. Not you. Who you are doesn’t
change just because other people are too blind to see it.”
“How do you deal with it?”
Hitoshi shifts uncomfortably. It is one thing to discuss his experiences through the veil of
advice, even as thin as it is, and another to speak of them openly. Of course, everything he is
saying to Midoriya is something that Hitoshi has been telling himself for years, but it’s not
like it ever actually made anything easier.
With a jerky shrug, Hitoshi says, “I prove them wrong.”

“Tea?” Nedzu offers with a benign smile, hoisting up a tea pot the size of his head as he pours
himself a cup.
“No,” Katsuki responds flatly. As if Katsuki hasn’t spoken, Nedzu pours a second cup,
sliding the saucer over the desk, the china clinking softly. The top of the principal’s desk
gleams with a rich, red shine, nearly matching the shade of the tea.
“I had my assistant call your parents,” Nedzu says. “They should be here soon enough.
Before that – can you tell me why you’re here, Bakugou?”
“Because of Deku.” Katsuki swallows, amends, “Because I yelled at him or whatever.”
Or whatever. Katsuki doesn’t know what he did. He doesn’t know what he said. Katsuki
clenches his hands on top of his thighs, trying to isolate the feeling of fabric against his
knuckles, as if that could recalibrate his body, bring it back into alignment with his mind.
Nedzu watches him with beady black eyes, head tilted slightly, smile still mockingly mild.

“You didn’t yell, particularly. Would you like to see?”
No. Katsuki would like to leave.
He says nothing. Taking his lack of response as a yes, Nedzu twists one of the monitors on
his desk, rotating it towards Katsuki. On the screen, there is a surprisingly high-resolution
image of class 1-A. Frog Face stands in front of Deku, Cheeks by her side. Katsuki’s own
pale blond head is bowed over his desk not far in front of them. Nedzu presses a button on his
keyboard, and Frog Face’s voice drifts into the room.
“Thank you, Izuku,” she says.
“Fuck you,” the Katsuki on screen says without moving. “Fuck all of you. Why does no one
else ever see it? Ever since Auntie–”
“Don’t talk about my mother,” Deku interrupts. Silence reigns, over the speakers and in the
office.
Stop, Katsuki thinks to this past version of himself, unrecognizable despite the short amount
of time separating them. Leave it. Drop it. Grit your teeth and ignore it. You can’t keep doing
this.
“About what?” Katsuki hears himself ask, with barely any inflection. “About how she lied for
years? About how she broke the law to fool everyone into thinking you were Quirkless
because she was convinced the villains would come for you if they knew?” His voice breaks.
“Well, she was right. They came for you, and you went, and I’m not keeping your fucking
secrets anymore.”
“Bakubro… maybe you should–”
“Shut up,” Katsuki barks, turning in his seat to stare Deku down. Katsuki sees his own eyes
in the recording and turns his gaze back to the red wood of Nedzu’s desk instead. “You stole
my quirk. You stole it and you cried and you cried and Auntie fucking coddled you and told
me I could never tell anyone what you did. She made me sleep in your fucking bed. I slept in
your bed, and you slept with her because god forbid I try to attack you in your sleep.
“I – I didn’t sleep. I thought I was dead. I thought I was in hell. How was I supposed to sleep
when you had stolen my fucking quirk. Oh, but it was fine. You didn’t mean to. You didn’t
mean to ruin my life.
“And you gave it back, so it didn’t matter. Didn’t matter that you could do it again, whenever
you wanted, no, it was an accident. How many quirks have you stolen on purpose? You
didn’t have any of this fancy bullshit five years ago. How many lives have you ruined, Deku?
“I’ll make it clear for all you idiots. Midoriya Izuku’s quirk isn’t pyrokinesis. He can steal
quirks from other people. Not copy. Not borrow. Steal. Sure, he can give them back, but look
at all the bullshit he can do and open your fucking eyes. Just because he can doesn’t mean he
fucking will. You’re all idiots if you think this will end well.”

Nedzu pauses the video just as Hobo-Sensei slams the door open.
Katsuki feels sick.
Regret isn’t an emotion he fucks around with. There’s no point to it. No, he’s not regretful.
He’s repulsed.
He didn’t mean to say any of that shit. He shouldn’t have. That’s what he had resolved to do
– ignore it, ignore him, ignore everything. He knew that he was all fucked up and twisted
around and wrong about Deku, and he was – he was fucking working on it, and until then, he
was supposed to ignore it.
Except he was too fucking weak, too pathetic, to follow through. He couldn’t even control his
own goddamned self.
“You had your second session with Hound Dog earlier this week, didn’t you?” Nedzu asks.
“How did that go?”
Katsuki tenses harshly against the flinch that tries to tear through him.
Everyone has weaknesses. That’s what Hound Dog told him.
“Ah, my apologies. You don’t have to answer that, of course.”
“Therapy’s fine,” Katsuki bites out.
It sucks. He feels like holes are being poked through his brain. He feels like he’s sprung a
leak somewhere and things are getting through to places they were never meant to be.
Everyone says it’s meant to help, but Katsuki doesn’t see the benefit of rehashing things that
he has long since killed and buried six feet underground.
Dead things can come back to haunt us if we don’t properly put them to rest. That’s what
Hound Dog told him.
Katsuki fucking hates Hound Dog.
“I’m glad to hear it,” Nedzu says, as if he didn’t notice Katsuki’s unapologetic lie. “Would
you be willing to increase the frequency of your sessions?”
“Not like I have much of a fucking choice.”
“On the contrary, this is entirely your own decision. Involuntary therapy is often
counterproductive. When done correctly, it’s an active process that requires willing
participation. Do you want to get better, Bakugou?”
Katsuki grits his teeth. “I’m fucking fine.”
“Of course,” Nedzu allows. “But do you want to be better.”

“…Yes,” Katsuki admits, the word pulled from the core of him like a rotten tooth wrenched
out with pliers. It hurts in an unnatural, viscerally horrifying way. It’s a relief once it’s done.
“Alright! How does twice a week sound, then?”
“Fine.”
“Excellent! Now, if I’m not mistaken, I believe your parents have–”
The door bangs open, knocking against the wall with enough force that Katsuki’s untouched
drink ripples in its cup.
“Oi, brat! What’ve you done now?”
“Mitsuki, darling,” Katsuki’s old man frets, easing the door closed and shooting a stressed
look to the dent its handle put into the wall. “Sorry, sir, we can pay to have that repaired.”
“No worries,” Nedzu says easily, flapping a dismissive paw. “Take a seat, please. There are
some issues that need to be addressed.”
“Issues,” the old hag repeats, narrowing her eyes as she sits.
“Yes,” Nedzu confirms, smile disappearing as he grows fully serious. “I’m told that you’re
already aware of the basics of the situation with Midoriya Izuku?”
“Izukun? What does he have to do with this?”
“Katsuki, if you are bothering that poor boy, I swear to god–”
“The tensions in 1-A have been mounting, leading today to the public revealing of some
privileged details of Izuku’s background.”
“Katsuki,” his old man sighs, “tell me you didn’t.”
“For what it’s worth,” Nedzu offers, “I don’t believe he strictly meant to. He didn’t seem to
be fully aware of himself at the time. For clarification, your son isn’t here for disciplinary
action, necessarily. The larger issue is the incident’s implications towards his mental health.”
Katsuki scowls hard into his lap. He’s perfectly fucking healthy. He hasn’t had so much as a
cold in years. Then it’s all in his head, something no one can see or change or fight, just him,
being a fucking problem. His father reaches over, squeezing Katsuki’s shoulder. His mother is
oddly quiet. Katsuki can’t stand to look at either of them.
“This behavior is unsustainable,” Nedzu goes on, “and the trend is concerning. If this pattern
continues, more drastic action will quickly become necessary, and that is why I called you
here. For intervention. You have the potential to be an excellent hero, Bakugou. But not like
this.”
You can’t keep doing this. That’s what Hound Dog told him.

“I suggest you take the next couple of days off. You are not being formally suspended, but I
think it would be best for everyone if you stayed home until internships begin. Use the time
to get your head back in order. Perhaps make an appointment with Hound Dog. Allow Izuku
and the class to process what has happened today.”
“Is that all?” the old hag asks, uncharacteristically quiet.
“There’s one more thing. Bakugou, you are officially being placed on probation.”
“What?!” Katsuki shouts, snapping upright in his chair and shaking his father’s hand from his
shoulder. “That’s bullshit! You said this wasn’t about fucking punishment!”
“I also said that your behavior is concerning. As such, you will be monitored more closely
until the issue is sufficiently resolved.”
“What does a probation entail?” Katsuki’s father asks, replacing his grip on Katsuki’s
shoulder as Katsuki leans forward in his chair with a snarl.
“Nothing extreme, I assure you. Consider it a warning, more than anything. As I said, he will
be monitored closely, and continuing this pattern of antagonism towards his classmates will
not be tolerated. In particular, his interactions with Izuku will be scrutinized. I’m aware of
your struggle, Bakugou, but this cannot go on.”
You. Cannot. Keep. Doing. This.
Katsuki knows. He already fucking knows.
Abandoning his serious composure, Nedzu grins brightly. “Any other questions?”

Chapter End Notes

Oh my GOD, hello again, it’s me, the Demon That Over Explains Things. I don’t even
know if anyone will notice since it’s been, like, 10 months and 200k+ words, but I want
to avoid any confusion.
The things Bakugou says during his episode do not match up with the events of the first
chapter. That’s because I’ve been planning to edit those events, probably since all the
way back in Erasure, and just haven’t done it yet because I’m saving revisions for the
theoretical day that IGG is completed. So, what Bakugou says here, while inconsistent,
is a pared down version of what actually happened, and some day chapter one will be
edited to reflect that.
Alright, that’s all for this instalment of Ghost Feels the Need to Explain Everything
They Do. Thanks for coming, see you next week!
Aizawa @ 1-A: Never talk to me or my son ever again

Mic: Why are you here, Shinsou?
Hitoshi: Uh,,, moral support?
Hitoshi, internally: dear god, how do you support a fucking moral? What am I DOING
HERE???
Bakugou: *screams into a jar and caps it*
Bakugou: It’s fine. I’m fine.
Next chapter: Brainwashing – Part VIII
Update: Aug 5
(Edit 8/19: IGG has not been abandoned, but I am adjusting to new medications and
various other life changes, so please be patient while I try to get myself back in order)

Chapter 36: Brainwashing - Part VIII
Chapter Notes

Well hello again. Sorry for the unanticipated month-long hiatus. Hopefully nothing in
this chapter is too jarring or out of place, tone/style/characterization wise – if it is, bear
with me, I’m out of practice. With that said,,, if you’ve got any kindness to spare this
week,,, *jingles mug like a miserable little street beggar*
I can’t say regular updates are back again just yet, but rest assured that IGG is still alive.
And should I ever become unable to finish this project, I’ll publish all the notes I have
(detailed plot beats, snippets, memes, everything). I’ve never promised completion, but I
can damn well promise closure. From now on, updates, when they occur, will be on
Wednesdays. Hopefully I won’t be gone for another month, but please don’t worry if I
am. Thank you for your patience and understanding!
Unfortunately, no memes with this update. I don’t have the energy to dig them all out of
the discord a month after the fact, but know that I appreciate each and every one of them
– I have them all saved to a special folder on my phone that never fails to improve my
mood.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There will be no more good days.
That’s what Izuku thought, when the aghast stares of class 1-A dug into his skin like frayed
splinters. Dreams he had only half-dared to dream shattered just like that, scattered into
fleeting little rainbows like a popped bubble, tacky and cold like drying tears. So long to
peace and belonging and the hesitant sense of dawning hope that his life could ever be more
than endless restitution.
That’s what Izuku thought.
By lunch the next day, he’s starting to think he could have been wrong.
Izuku slips into the classroom right before the bell rings. Eraser gives him a look as he slides
into his seat, but says nothing, glaring at the whole of the unusually tame class before starting
on the morning’s business.
When Izuku dares an investigative glance around the room, he sees several people darting
him similar, cautious looks. Koda startles as their eyes meet, but after a nervous moment,
signs a shaky, one-handed greeting that nearly reduces Izuku to tears. Ojiro looks back at
Izuku as well, but he does so with a frown, lines creased into his forehead. The tip of his tail
twitches restlessly next to the leg of his desk. Briefly, his eyes dart past Izuku’s shoulder, and
then he flinches into his shoulders and turns to face the front.

Looking behind him, Izuku is greeted by Yaoyorozu’s fierce glare, though surprisingly, it’s
aimed around the room instead of at him. Her face smooths into a smile, hesitant and weak,
when she looks at him.
“Good morning,” she whispers, even though Eraser is still drawling on with information
about internships. It’s nothing they haven’t heard at least twice before, but it’s unlike her to
speak over him.
“M-morning,” Izuku says back. The word has barely any air behind it, practically a silent
movement of his lips. The burning behind his eyes intensifies, and he turns away, blinking
rapidly.
Her defensive glare and reassuring smile set a precedent for the rest of the day. Despite her
claims against leadership, Yaoyorozu steps up. She is a firm and protective presence at
Izuku’s back, discouraging people from so much as looking at him wrong throughout the first
half of the day. He has no idea what he’s done to deserve that kind of loyalty, but when the
bell rings for lunch, he can be nothing but grateful that he won’t have to spend it hiding in the
teacher’s lounge again.
Yaoyorozu leads him to their normal table and sits across from him, as has become routine
over the last week, and while Izuku may be relieved for her presence, he can’t help but tense
up as he waits for others to join them. Or not, as the case may be.
Tokoyami had been quiet all day, not necessarily ignoring Izuku, but not engaging with him,
either. Arriving to class as late as he had, Izuku had seen little of Kasumi – classes bored her,
so she tended not to manifest during them, though she had made a brief appearance during
English to bite Izuku’s ear, laugh, and then disappear again.
Aoyama, on almost the exact opposite side of the classroom, hadn’t interacted with Izuku at
all yet today. That wasn’t necessarily abnormal for them, as far apart as their seats were.
Sometimes, they talked before homeroom began, if they were both there early, but Izuku had
intentionally left no time for socializing in his morning. Occasionally, Aoyama would lean
back to say something to Ashido and Kaminari, who spent most of the morning whispering
together. Call him paranoid, but Izuku suspects that his own name is probably woven into
those quiet conversations.
In the middle of overthinking exactly what all that could mean, the seats on either side of
Izuku are filled. Aoyama clatters about with large, exaggerated arcs of his limbs as he settles
down with his meal. Tokoyami sits in a smooth, silent movement, that could have gone
entirely unnoticed, if not for Kasumi darting around him to steal a slice of meat from Izuku.
Mic has actually started to make extra, specifically for her, but she likes to think she’s doing
something she’s not supposed to, so Izuku plays along and pulls his food closer to himself, as
if to guard it.
“Bonjour,” Aoyama greets with a beaming smile, pulling his food away from Kasumi’s
claws. “Jirou and Mei haven’t joined us yet?”
“Whoever knows what Mei is getting up to,” Yaoyorozu says, nose scrunching delicately.
“But Jirou…” Her eyes skirt to the side. A few tables away, Jirou sits with Ojiro and Shoji.

Yaoyorozu avoids looking at Izuku as she purses her lips and fiddles with her fingers.
Jirou has only been eating with them for a couple of days. Before that, she bounced between
eating with Yaoyorozu and Todoroki, and Ojiro and Shoji. She could very well be doing the
same thing now – dividing her days between the different groups of people she was interested
in spending time with. The timing could be a coincidence.
Izuku stares at the ceiling, strips of fluorescent lights distorting through a film of tears as he
compels himself not to start crying. Yaoyorozu hums a distressed note; Aoyama pats Izuku
between the shoulder blades. The casual, unwary touch makes the tears brim over, and Izuku
slams his eyes closed to try to stem the flow before it really gets going.
“Certainly she only needs a moment to sort this new chaos into her thoughts,” Tokoyami
offers softly.
“It’s n-not that,” Izuku says, shaking his head. “I just – th-thank you.”
He is not crying because Jirou left. He is crying because the others stayed.
“There’s nothing to thank us for,” Aoyama says. “Now, I demand opinions.” Without further
delay, he launches into a dramatic retelling of a story he insists happened to his older sister,
away at college in France. As with most stories Aoyama tells, there is very little room to
actually offer any opinions, but he effectively captures everyone’s attention and diffuses the
tension growing around them.
It's another thing to be grateful for, Aoyama’s knack for navigating tense situations without
making it obvious that his distractions are deliberate. Warm and relieved, Izuku will just hold
the gratitude close to his heart for now, rather than verbalize it again. Yesterday, Izuku had
been sure that everything was ruined. This morning, he thought that today, and every day
from now on, was going to be a bad day.
It easily could have been.
Ojiro’s disapproving stare. Ashido and Kaminari’s obvious gossiping. So many budding
relationships turned on their heads before they could really blossom. No one was behaving
quite the same as before. Sero made one joke in the morning, forced and flat. No one
laughed, and he didn’t try again. Kirishima’s smile was strained, and it fell whenever he
looked at Katsuki’s empty desk. Uraraka jumped when she saw Izuku, then fumbled through
countless incoherent apologies for it until Tsu stepped in to stop her. Iida ignored Izuku all
together.
Izuku doesn’t hold any of it against them. He understands how confused they must be, how
afraid. There’s no cruelty in their actions, no hatred – only uneasy tension, and that’s far
better than Izuku could have asked for. His story has always been a horror-tragedy, not
something for polite company. He understands why so many of them are pulling away now.
Not to say that understanding makes it hurt any less.
Still, it’s for the best.

Katsuki’s reveal was like a wartime amputation. A blunt saw to a damaged limb, not nearly
enough anesthetic to dull the bite of it through flesh and bone. It is horrifying, painful, and
messy. Everyone who bears witness to something like that is shaken by it; no one is ever
quite the same afterwards.
Izuku has kept this secret so long it was practically a part of him. But a damaged part,
constantly threatening to necrose, to poison him inside and out. Things like that, they need to
be cut away. Maybe there is no kind way to do it, no kind way to save a life from itself.
Of course things are different. Izuku is suddenly missing his most detested and fiercely
protected limb. That changes things. But it doesn’t change them nearly as much as he
expected.
Here, in this bubble made by his friends, it almost feels like nothing has changed at all.
To complete the picture – as if to prove that some things truly never do change – Mei appears
out of nowhere, covered in soot. She slams a handful of protein bars down on the table as she
slumps into her seat next to Yaoyorozu. Petulantly opening one of the protein bars, Mei
breaks off a chunk to toss to Kasumi, who snaps it out of the air only to shudder and pull a
face.
“Maijima-Sensei kicked me out,” Mei announces with her mouth full.
“You got… ash in my food,” Yaoyorozu says.
“Sorry. Protein bar?”
“Don’t do it!” Kasumi interrupts, batting the snack out of Mei’s hand as she offers it to
Yaoyorozu. “They taste like sawdust!”
“I don’t think I’ve been working with wood, recently,” Mei says thoughtfully, holding the
half-eaten bar up at eye level, crosshair pupils contracting as she inspects it. “No, wait. These
are prepackaged. That’s just the way they taste!”
Izuku stifles a laugh as Mei shrugs and shoves the rest of the protein bar in her mouth before
ripping open the next one to a background of Kasumi’s shrieks. Tokoyami appeases her with
his own food. Yaoyorozu flicks a few grey-specked chunks of rice out of her food. Aoyama is
unapologetic in his own laughter, pushing his unsullied meal across the table, a silent offer to
share that Yaoyorozu accepts with a shy smile.
All things considered, Izuku can’t say it’s a particularly good day.
But it’s not a bad one, either.

“Do you want me to make the call?” Hizashi asks, scrubbing his fingers over Shouta scalp.
Shouta, head in Zashi’s lap, eyes closed, considers feigning sleep.
“No,” he sighs after a resigned pause. “I can do it. You focus on getting stuff ready around
the apartment.”
“I don’t think that’ll take half as much effort as you’re expecting.”
Shouta slits an eye open, staring up at his husband doubtfully. Hizashi grins down at him,
unconcerned. Shouta reaches up to tweak his mustache, ignoring the indignant squawk that
elicits. Hizashi pulls his hand away from Shouta’s hair to nurse his sore upper lip, but Shouta
intercepts it on the way, insistently tugging it back down until Hizashi relents and resumes his
petting.
“Where are they all going to sleep?” Shouta questions. “We don’t have room.”
“Bed, futon, and couch. Problem solved.”
“We’re going to make one of them sleep on the couch?”
“It’s a good couch,” Hizashi says with a shrug. “You sleep here all the time.” Shouta
concedes the point.
“Do we have enough blankets?”
“Yes, Kitten. We have an absolute hoard of blankets in the closet.”
“I like to be cozy,” Shouta grumbles.
“I know. Which is why we have plenty of blankets.”
“How are we going to feed them all? Have you seen Shinsou eat? He’s like a blackhole.”
“They’re growing boys, Shouta. That’s what they do. I seem to recall a certain someone
being particularly ravenous when he went through his own growth spurt.”
“We’ll need to cook enough to feed an army, practically.”
Hizashi laughs. “We? I’m sorry, in what reality are you doing any of this cooking? You would
poison them.”
“That’s an idea,” Shouta says, humming as he considers it. “It would solve the problem, at
least.”
“Murder isn’t the solution,” Hizashi says with condescendingly sympathetic regret. He pats
Shouta’s head, before nudging his temple until Shouta gets the signal and obliges, sitting up
with a sigh. Hizashi stands, stretching his arms above his head as his spine pops, turning back
to Shouta to drop a kiss on top of his head.
“It’ll be fine,” he assures. “You’ll see. It’ll be nice to have a full house!”

“Too full,” Shouta complains. Rolling his eyes fondly, Hizashi makes his way to the kitchen
to start on dinner. Shouta calls to him, “Three teenagers, Zashi! The three cats were bad
enough. Good god, they’re going to outnumber us three to one.”
“We’ll just have to hope they don’t team up and try to stage a coup,” Hizashi says, with an all
too careless shrug of his shoulders. When internships come and everything dissolves into
chaos, Shouta will be ready and waiting with an I told you so.
After only a week in 1-A, Izuku had come to Shouta and Hizashi asking for not one, but two,
favors. Of course, neither favor was really for Izuku’s benefit, but that he felt comfortable
coming to them at all, making requests of them – that alone was incredible progress. Zashi
had nearly started crying, he had gotten so emotional. Thankfully, he had managed to restrain
himself until he and Shouta were alone in their room that night, so Izuku wouldn’t
misinterpret his reaction.
Both Shouta and Hizashi were eager to give Izuku anything he asked for, within reason. They
wanted him to trust them, to rely on them for help and support. Shouta sticks by that. He
made a commitment when he volunteered to house the kid, and Shouta will do his damnedest
to be the best guardian – parent – he can be. Boy, does it make life more complicated,
though.
Shouta had already been dreading having to wrangle Izuku and Shinsou together for an entire
week, but to add Todoroki to the mix? It’s madness. There’s a non-zero chance that he and
Shinsou will try to kill each other. Shouta can imagine it now: Todoroki, son of the number
two hero, with his aloof and frosty temperament; Shinsou, with his defensive nature and
disdain for “hero brats,” only slightly quelled by his new understanding with Izuku.
On the bright side – the only bright side, in Shouta’s opinion – Todoroki would technically be
Hizashi’s responsibility, so Shouta wouldn’t have to handle all three of them on his own.
Well, a second bright side, Shouta acknowledges – Hizashi is excited.
He doesn’t normally take interns. None of UA’s teachers do. While hero students have the
week away from school, the teachers still have a handful classes to teach. But when Izuku
had approached them about Todoroki’s situation, they couldn’t deny that the solution Izuku
proposed was a good one, even with the scheduling conflicts.
Finally, Todoroki is showing an interest in gaining control of the fire aspect of his quirk – an
interest that Shouta would be remiss to discourage. For personal reasons, Todoroki doesn’t
seem particularly interested in working with his father, and Shouta certainly doesn’t blame
him for that. Instead, Todoroki approached Izuku, and Izuku suggested that he work with
Hizashi, which would allow the two boys to work with their fire together while also having
the supervision of a trusted pro hero who has extensive experience with volatile and
uncontrolled quirks.
Hizashi was thrilled to say yes.
The second favor, the one Izuku asked of Shouta specifically, was slightly more concerning.

Iida Tenya is interning in Hosu. Hosu, where his brother was attacked. Hosu, where Stain, his
brother’s attacker, still lingers.
Shouta should have noticed on his own. He should have seen the agency on Iida’s forms and
made the connection. He shouldn’t have dismissed the way Iida would stare into space only
to force himself to normalcy the moment someone caught his attention. Unfortunately,
Shouta himself has been far too distracted these last few weeks, and he is slipping because of
it.
There is, at least, an easy solution to retroactively make up for his obliviousness.
Since Stain’s attacks, petty crime rates have risen throughout Hosu. The area is desperate for
more heroes on its streets, and as an essentially freelance, underground hero, Shouta can
easily mobilize to wherever he is needed, without having to worry about an abundance of red
tape getting in his way. All he needs to do is make a phone call to learn when Manual is
planning to take Iida onto the streets, so Shouta can coordinate his own plans to be there as
backup, just in case things go south.
Problem is, he really doesn’t want to make that damn phone call.
Might as well get it over with, though. With a sigh, he pulls out his phone, dialing with tired
fingers.

Katsuki never learned to watch his mouth. He says what he wants, when he wants. If that’s
vulgarity or insults, so be it. Thinking before he speaks has never been Katsuki’s way, and
why should it be? He doesn’t give a fuck, and he doesn’t give a fuck if he’s misunderstood, or
if some poor fragile extra gets their feelings hurt.
The feeling of words sticking in his throat, gumming his teeth together and blocking air from
reaching his lungs, is still a new one for Katsuki, but it has been becoming all too familiar
since Deku reentered his life. Katsuki knows exactly what he is meant to say, but for once,
his thoughts race around the words like a lasso keeping them in. Katsuki’s dinner sits in front
of him, untouched, and his mother and father tend to their own food as if nothing is wrong.
The silence settled around the table shatters that illusion.
Early that day, Katsuki had sat churlishly on the couch in Hound Dog’s office while the man
had said, “You should tell your parents.”
And Katsuki had replied, “Telling people is what landed me in this damn mess.”
“What happened when you were young – that’s as much your story to tell as it is Midoriya’s.
Your parents deserve to know. You deserve to have them know.”

Katsuki’s nails dig into the tabletop. His old man’s eye dart to the movement, filled with a
tired concern that prickles against Katsuki’s skin.
What good would telling them do? It’s not like they would understand – no one ever has.
They would be just as tired of him, just as tired of trying and failing to deal with him as they
always have been.
“How was your appointment?” Katsuki’s father asks carefully. Obviously, he knows Katsuki
won’t appreciate the question, so Katsuki doesn’t know why he even bothers asking. It would
be so much easier, for all of them, if they stopped bothering to try.
“None of your business,” Katsuki snaps past the tightness in his throat. His mother’s eyes
flash. “It was shitty, alright? I’m supposed to–” Katsuki chokes, swallows, like a rock
grinding down along his windpipe.
“Kat?” the old hag asks, suddenly softer, harsh edges blurred by a hesitant worry that suits his
father better than her.
“You don’t need to talk about it,” the old man assures gently.
“No. It’s fucking – Deku.” Through gritted teeth, Katsuki corrects himself, “Midoriya.”
“Katsuki, you–” His mother cuts herself off with a sigh. “What did he ever do to you?”
Reflexively, Katsuki bristles, though the question is more an honest inquiry than an
accusation.
Katsuki wants to scream, but not even that could get past the strangle-tightness of his throat.
He misses being able to say whatever he wanted, whenever he wanted. He misses knowing
what he wanted to begin with. Don’t think, just talk, don’t even think. Clenching his fists so
hard his nails bite into his skin, Katsuki focuses on the sting-throb in his palms until a quiet
static fills his head.
Haltingly, he explains.
Therapy is fucking stupid, but Katsuki has always been a model student. Never in his life has
he struggled with a homework assignment, and he’ll be damned if therapy is the thing that
finally gets one over on him.
When he runs out of words, his parents stare at him.
Finally, the old hag says, “I’ve really fucked you up, haven’t I?”
“It’s not my fucking fault!” he shouts, voice cracking in at least three different places. His
knees shake beneath him as he pushes himself out of his chair. His mother stands with him,
and Katsuki locks his knees and jaw, bracing himself in preparation for an argument. He
won’t win – there’s no winning with his goddamned mother – but he will give her hell and go
down screaming. That’s the way it always ends. He doesn’t know why he even bothers to try.
It would be so much easier to just –

“No, Katsuki,” his mother says, more evenly than he expected. “No. It’s not. I’m the one who
has fucked up, here. Not you – me. I’m so fucking sorry.”
Katsuki feels muted again. “What?” he chokes.
“Why did you never tell me?” she asks, her own voice cracking in a way Katsuki hasn’t
heard since Auntie Inko died.
“Because – because you’d be on his fucking side!”
“I would never–” She walks around the table, reaching for him, and Katsuki can’t help but
flinch back, uncomprehending, mind reeling. With a quietly devastated expression that looks
impossible on her face, Katsuki’s mother pulls her hand back, pressing it against her chest.
Katsuki’s father grabs her gently by the elbow.
“We are on your side, Katsuki,” the old man says. “Always.”
A bitter laugh grates through Katsuki’s teeth. “Must not have gotten the fucking memo.”
His father concedes, “We are on your side… as well as we know how to be.”
“So what? You’re not gonna tell me how it wasn’t Deku’s fault? How he didn’t mean to? How
he’s such a good person?”
Regaining her composure, Katsuki’s mother straightens up, meeting Katsuki’s eyes with a
steely look. “That’s all true,” she says, “and I’ll damn well say as much whenever you need
to hear it.” Katsuki’s lips curl back over his teeth, but she continues, raising her voice before
he can start snarling, “But if he hurt you, it doesn’t matter if he meant to. You are allowed to
be hurt, or afraid, or angry.”
“Not cruel, though,” Katsuki’s father interjects quietly.
His mother falters briefly. “No, not that. That’s not… good, Kat. It’s not a good way to
handle things. But – god, I get it, okay? I understand. And I should have fucking understood
sooner. I am your mother–”
“We’re your parents.”
“It’s our job to support you, to protect you. And god knows it’s a full-time fucking gig most
days, but it’s what we’re here for.” She reaches for Katsuki again, holding him by the
shoulders when he doesn’t flinch away this time. “We love you, brat. Maybe I don’t say it
enough, or maybe I don’t show it in the right ways, but I fucking love you. We’re on your
side. We just need you to tell us what that side looks like.”
There are a million protests crowded on Katsuki’s tongue. Things about how he doesn’t need
their help and support, things about how he can take care of himself, about how shitty they
must be at their so-called “job.” About how he doesn’t want to be a job at all. Then his
mother pulls him into a hug – too tight, and he hates the smell of her perfume – and his
complaints dissolve in his mouth. His father rests a broad, warm palm between Katsuki’s
shoulder blades.

Katsuki’s eyes burn like smoke and too-bright flashes of light.

Hitoshi bobs his head to his music as he folds a shirt into a sloppy rectangle. He swears he’s
trying to be neat about it, taking his time and everything, but his clothes always end up
misaligned and lumpy, despite his best efforts. His father would say it’s a side effect of the
bachelor lifestyle, Hitoshi is sure. Placing the shirt into his bag, he moves on to the next.
“Make sure you have enough underwear.”
Hitoshi turns with a dirty look as he folds the shirt in half. His father leans against the
doorway, smile too wide and pleasant in a way that can only be teasing. Hitoshi considers
ignoring him but catches sight of the mug in his father’s hands. The manipulative bastard
knows Hitoshi’s every weakness and never hesitates to resort to bribery.
“Is that for me?” Hitoshi asks dryly, rather than justify the underwear comment with a
response.
“Depends. You gonna let me hover with minimal teenaged brooding?”
Hitoshi considers it for a moment. Grudgingly, he shoves some of his unfolded clothes away
from the corner of his bed, gesturing for his father to sit while reaching for the mug.
“Helicopter,” Hitoshi accuses as his father obligingly hands the coffee over.
“Guilty as charged. So, I was serious about the underwear thing.”
Hitoshi groans, already regretting his decision. “I have enough underwear.”
“More than enough? You should pack extra, just in case.”
“Yeah, yeah, I have it covered. Seriously, I’m fifteen, not five. I can take care of my own
underwear.”
“You can’t blame me for being worried. It’s my fatherly duty. And I brought you coffee.”
Hitoshi takes a sip – it’s bitter and hot enough that the hair along his arms prickles. “I expect
you to call every night.”
“I’ll be busy,” Hitoshi counters. “Eraserhead does most of his work at night, you know. I’ll be
exhausted, too, with training on top of that.”
“Text me, then.”
“If I have time.”
“I’m sure you can find a minute to spare to let your old man know you’re doing okay.”

Hitoshi pouts, but relents, “Fine.”
“And if you do have a spare moment, or if you need anything, then you call me.”
“I know, Dad.”
“It’s almost like you’re not even going to miss me,” Hitoshi’s father says, feigning hurt.
Hitoshi scrunches up his nose, shrugging awkwardly. Truth is, he probably will miss his
father, at least if he’s not kept too busy to even really notice the separation. Obviously, he’s
not going to admit that, though. His father would never let him live it down, and the man is
already insufferable enough.
“Pretty sure you’ll be the one missing me,” Hitoshi says flatly.
“Of course I will,” his father responds, playfulness swapping out for nauseatingly heartfelt
sincerity. “You’re my baby. I don’t know what I’ll do without your sullen silence keeping me
company.”
“I’m sure you’ll manage.” As much as Hitoshi means to sound disinterested and dismissive, a
bitter note makes its way into his voice. He still remembers a time when his father had no
issue being away from him.
“We haven’t been apart for more than a day or two since you came to live with me,” his
father says softly. The inadvertent reference to Hitoshi’s own thoughts, to that before time,
when Hitoshi was young, causes something sharp to twist in his chest.
He clears his throat uncomfortably, turning his attention to the shirt he’s folding. In his
distraction, Hitoshi has particularly mangled the job and he shakes it out to start from scratch.
Chances are the effort will be mostly futile, but it gives him something to busy himself with,
at least.
“You’ll get used to it,” he says casually after a moment. “After all, it’s just a matter of time
until I’m a pro hero, off with patrols of my own and shit like that.”
Focused on the lines of the shirt beneath his hands, Hitoshi can still see the way his father
grimaces from the corner of his eye. As many jokes as his father cracks, as much as he teases,
it’s still painfully obvious that he’s not on board with what Hitoshi is doing. It would
probably be better for them both if Hitoshi stopped intentionally pushing those buttons, but
he’ll admit it gives him a sick sort of satisfaction. Sadistically, he likes to see his father
squirm, likes to rub it in that Hitoshi is succeeding where his father thought he couldn’t,
where his father didn’t want him to.
Masochistically, though, it’s a bit like poking a bruise. It aches, but Hitoshi can’t stop doing
it.
His father takes a deep, abrupt breath. “I’m proud of you, Jellybean.”
Startled, Hitoshi shakes the shirt he’s folding out for the second time. At a loss for anything
meaningful to say in response, he deflects, “God, stop with that nickname already.”

“Sorry Hitoshi, but you’ll always be my Jellybean.”
“No, come on. I’m gonna be a pro hero. I’m gonna stop villains and shit, like a total badass. I
think I’ve graduated past Jellybean.”
“Mhmm, you’ll be amazing alright.” Hitoshi swallows, his throat suddenly feeling thick.
“The pro hero – Jellybean.”
Any soft emotions Hitoshi may have been feeling – not that he’s admitting to feeling
anything soft – evaporate immediately. He scowls, protesting loudly over his father’s
laughter.
“You’re folding job is terrible, by the way,” Hitoshi’s father says when he finally calms
down.
“Like you could do any better,” Hitoshi huffs.
His father shrugs. “Blame the bachelor lifestyle.”

Three glassy sets of eyes stare over Tomura’s head as he scrubs a hand over his mouth. The
monster doesn’t even give him the privilege of looking at him, gazing vacantly straight
ahead, just as all the other nomu lined up against the wall do. Tomura reaches up, snapping
impatient fingers in front of its eyes, daringly close to the jagged set of teeth that spill out of
the thing’s mouth. Not that he’s in any danger of being bitten, with the nomu all so
catatonically unresponsive.
“Are they even alive?” Tomura asks shortly.
Kurogiri, standing several paces back with his arms folded behind him, responds, “For a
certain definition of the word.”
“What does that even mean?” Tomura gripes. “Hey ugly – wake the fuck up.” He flicks the
nomu in one of its six eyes. A filmy eyelid slides closed in the wake of his fingers, blinking
shut sideways with a thick, wet click. There is no further response. Tomura grimaces and
wipes his hand over the front of his hoodie as he turns back to Kurogiri, who meets his glare
impassively.
“Well?” Tomura prompts. “How the hell am I supposed to use them, like this? At the USJ,
Nomu did whatever I told him to. These ones are glitching out.”
“No,” Kurogiri refutes, scanning over the line of nomu. “That nomu followed your orders at
your Sensei’s command. This is their default state; they need to be activated.”
“Fucking activate them, then.”

“I cannot.”
“Who can?”
Kurogiri’s silence is telling. Tomura spins away from him, pacing up and down the line of
currently useless soldiers while the desire to destroy something surges abruptly through his
limbs. He scratches at his neck, quick thin lines that sting deep into his skin but do nothing to
touch that well of restless, demanding energy at his core. Lashing a hand out, he grabs one of
the nomu by the arm, clinging tight, fingers sinking through flesh and tendon and bone until
the whole limb is dust on the floor and beneath Tomura’s nails. Still, the nomu stares blankly
forward.
“Sensei is gone, in case you haven’t noticed,” Tomura reminds Kurogiri unpleasantly. He
shakes ash and gore from his palm with a flick of his wrist. “We have a city to raid. Traitors
to execute, heroes to kill, a society to destroy. What are you doing to help with all that, huh?
You’re quickly outliving your usefulness.”
When Tomura pins Kurogiri beneath his glare, the warp gate is unaffected, standing straight,
still gripping his elbows at his back. He sighs, beleaguered – a soft, nearly soundless exhale
that lifts the hair along Tomura’s arms like a static charge. Without thinking, Tomura reaches
out, fingers crooked stiff like talons intent on Kurogiri’s neck. Equally thoughtless, Kurogiri
diverts the attempt, Tomura’s hand sinking through inky air and emerging feet away. His
fingers stretch out with nothing beneath them and then spasm into a fist.
“Shigaraki Tomura,” Kurogiri says, lightly scolding. “It’s likely the doctor will be able to
reprogram them. If anyone can transfer their loyalty to you, it would be him.”
“And you’re only telling me this now?” As expressionless as the nomu, Kurogiri stares at
Tomura. Tomura gnashes his teeth and yanks his arm back through the portal. “What kind of
game are you playing?” Tomura questions harshly.
“Games are yours to play, Shigaraki Tomura, not mine.”
Tomura’s glare narrows. Kurogiri, Sensei’s most loyal servant, second only to Tomura
himself. Tomura has never been able to tell what Kurogiri is thinking, and Tomura has never
particularly cared to know. Kurogiri’s thoughts, his feelings – to the extent he even has them
– are unimportant. The warp gate is more tool than person. Tomura wonders, now, whose
hands that tool has fallen into, in Sensei’s absence. What becomes of loyalty, of servitude, in
the face of death?
“Get the doctor here,” Tomura orders. “Fix this. I have plans for Hosu, you know. We can kill
two birds with one stone. Send a message and teach the Hero Killer a lesson while we’re at
it.”
“Of course,” Kurogiri agrees with an easy nod.
“Good. Be careful you don’t become more trouble than you’re worth.”
“I wouldn’t dream of it.”

Tomura doesn’t fucking trust it. If the traitor did one good thing in his worthless existence, it
was to open Tomura’s eyes. Life isn’t a cooperative game. Friendly fire is on. People are to
be used, not trusted. He scrapes grime out from under his nails absently.

Chapter End Notes

Izuku: *doom and angst*
Tokoyami: *poetry and darkness*
Aoyama: *winks and sparkles*
Mei: *cackles and chaos*
Yaoyorozu: …What am I doing here?
Dr. Shinsou: I’m going to miss you.
Hitoshi: Ew, I can’t believe you just admitted that. How embarrassing for you. Could
never be me.
Tomura: Do you ever look at someone and wonder what’s going on inside their head?
Kurogiri: *dreams of retirement, a beach vacation where he doesn’t have to worry about
his Stupid Kids*
Me in December: Wow, Erasure was so long! Definitely the longest chapter I’ll ever
write
Me in April: Wow, Half-Cold Half-Hot was so long! Definitely the longest chapter I’ll
ever write
Me now: Wow, Brainwashing was so long! Definitely the longest chapter I’ll ever--*I am sniped by my future self from 500 meters away*
Next chapter: Bloodcurdle – Part I

Chapter 37: Bloodcurdle - Part I
Chapter Notes

Did I say updates would be on Wednesdays??? I meant, uhhhhhh,,,, whenever I get
around to it. Anyway, IGG is over a year old, have some cats.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Outside the windows, the sun is barely a violet smudge around the edges of campus. In
comparison, the fluorescent lights of the classroom seem too bright and too harsh, hot orange
behind Katsuki’s eyelids each time he blinks. He sits in Pinky’s chair as she sits on the desk’s
top, chattering away. Her voice weaves together with Kirishima’s, Pikachu’s, and Elbows’ to
create a background drone, kind of like waves on a beach, if the ocean evoked an irate
Pavlovian response. Katsuki leans back in his seat, eyes heavy lidded.
He's fucking exhausted. Most of the class is, their anticipatory energy for the beginning of
internships noticeably tempered by the early hour. Which is for the best – Katsuki doesn’t
think he could handle the full force of their yelling this morning. Not that it’s all that early for
him. Unlike these lazy-ass extras, he’s always up at this hour, but he slept like shit last night.
Deku sits on the other side of the room, head resting on his desk, pillowed on his folded
arms. He smiles blearily at something Sparkles says. Katsuki pulls his eyes away for at least
the fourth time this morning, staring instead at the unfettered tilt of Kirishima’s grin.
Katsuki’s not the only one avoiding looking at Deku.
No, he reminds himself. Not Deku, Midoriya. He’s got to knock it off with the demeaning
nicknames. All he’s doing is reinforcing the same bullshit thought patterns that he’s been
pacing his way through for the last decade. That’s what Hound Dog says, anyway, and as
much as Katsuki despises the man, he can still acknowledge a good point when it’s slapping
him in the fucking face.
So Midoriya it is. Midoriya is a fine name, a neutral one. Neither a villain nor a childhood
friend. Katsuki can stand to call him that.
The point is, plenty of the class is avoiding looking at Midoriya, either pretending his seat is
empty altogether, or darting him only occasional glances out of the corners of their eyes. It is
so different than the way it was before, when everyone stared at him and gravitated into his
space with relentless curiosity. Katsuki had resented that behavior so much, but this is really
no better. At least that little group of extras Midoriya gathered seems to have stuck around.
“In or out, Shinsou,” Hobo-Sensei says from the front of the room, where he slumps against
the wall behind his desk, cocooned in that horrendous sleeping bag. “You’re blocking the
door.” His voice easily reaches the class even without being raised. Katsuki’s quirk makes

him halfway deaf more often than not, but he thinks he’d still be able to hear Hobo-Sensei
over the tinnitus, over the goddamned end of the world, even. That’s how well the guy has
them trained.
“Shinsou,” Midoriya calls out, raspy and tired in a way that is both unnatural and a nice
change of pace. “Good morning.”
Eyebags hunches his shoulders up around his ears and wrings his hands around the strap of
the duffle bag tossed over his shoulder. Too hasty to pass for nonchalant, he raises an
oversized thermos to his mouth, hiding the lower half of his face as most of 1-A turns to look
at him.
“That’s an oxymoron,” Eyebags mutters flatly as he strides to Midoriya’s desk on his stupidlong legs. He sways awkwardly in place for a moment before folding himself into the empty
seat in front of Midoriya’s.
“Guys, this is Shinsou Hitoshi,” Midoriya says. “Shinsou, this is Aoyama Yuga, Yaoyorozu
Momo, and Tokoyami Fumikage.” Though he addresses only his friends, Midoriya’s
introduction serves the whole class, everyone near silent and watching. Katsuki scoffs under
his breath as Ponytail greets Eyebags. Pinky raises a hand to whack against Katsuki’s head
like she’s his fucking mother or some bullshit, but he grabs it and tosses it away before she
can even get close.
“There’s a stranger in our midst,” Pikachu says, voice lowered for dramatic effect. Kirishima
elbows him in the ribs but laughs as he does.
“Why’s he here, do you think?” Pinky wonders. “Maybe I’ll–”
“Sit down,” Katsuki interrupts as she unfolds her legs to stand. “He’s here for a fucking
internship, obviously.”
“Obviously?” she echoes, pouting. “But he’s gen ed, isn’t he? How’d he get an internship,
huh? I want answers, Bakugou. I will not be silenced!”
“Well, he did win the festival,” Kirishima points out. “Maybe that’s how.”
“Yeah, I was wondering where he disappeared to, actually,” Elbows agrees. “Like, Midoriya
is…” he hesitates, stuttering. He coughs; Kirishima slaps his back. “He’s, uh, awesome and
all. But it seems kind of weird that he transferred and Shinsou didn’t. Since Midoriya came in
third, I mean.”
“You know how we solve this mystery? We ask. I volunteer as tribute!”
“It’s ass o’clock in the morning,” Katsuki groans. “Leave the bastard alone, for fuck’s sake.”
“Some of us have manners, Bakugou! It’s only polite to say hello!”
Say hello. It would only be laughable if it weren’t so fucking annoying, the idea that Pinky
would ever settle for a simple greeting when her curiosity is at play. Katsuki grabs the back
of her jacket, tethering her to her desk.

“I’m this close to getting rid of you for a week, and I’m too fucking tired to deal with you
stirring shit up.”
“You want to get rid of us?” Pikachu asks, eyes all wide and hurt as he presses a wounded
hand over his heart.
“Yes.”
“Don’t listen to him,” Elbows says, patting Pikachu on the shoulder. “He loves us, really; he’s
just a tsundere.”
“Ex-fucking-cuse me?” Katsuki snaps. Pinky is forced to lean sharply to the side, shimmying
to the edge of her desk as Katsuki lets her go, only to slams his hands down hard on the
desk’s top. “You want to say that to my face, fucker?”
Elbows meets his eyes, no trace of a smirk, but Katsuki can see, clear as day, his intent to be
a fucking bastard. “Sorry,” he says, deadpan. “I know your hearing can be kind of shitty,
sometimes. I said, you’re a tsundere.”
“Hope you’re ready for those to be your last words, moron. Because I’m gonna fucking kill
you.”
“Oh no,” Pinky laments as Katsuki lunges forward. “He was actually a yandere, all along.”
Kirishima hums mournfully. “How could we have been so wrong?”
“A little help here?” Elbows asks frantically, smug composure gratifyingly frayed as he tries
to wrap tape around Katsuki’s hands before Katsuki can wrap those hands around his neck.
“Sorry bro,” Pikachu says. “You dug this grave. Rest in pieces.”
“No murder,” Hobo-Sensei interrupts blandly. “If you die now, I’m the one who has to
explain why you didn’t show up for your internship.”
Katsuki freezes, one hand fisted in the lapel on Elbows’ jacket, the fingers of his other hand
spread wide to keep the tape across his knuckles from binding them together. After a
moment, he drops Elbows, tearing the tape from his hand, balling it up, and slapping it onto
Elbows’ shoulder. Katsuki wipes the sticky residue from his hand to Elbows’ jacket before
shoving him away.
“My hero!” Elbows proclaims to Hobo-Sensei, slumping back against Pikachu’s desk with
exaggerated relief. Hobo-Sensei watches, unimpressed.
“Now, if you’re done? Everyone grab your costumes. It’s time to get moving. I’ll take you all
to the station, then you’re someone else’s problem for the week.”
“Wow,” Pikachu whispers to Elbows as the class swarms towards the silver cases marked
with their seat numbers, “who would have thought that Aizawa-Sensei was a tsundere, too?”

If asked, Hitoshi would have guessed that Present Mic – whose whole image is built on being
loud and eccentric and did Hitoshi mention loud – was simply incapable of going under the
radar, which makes it all the more surprising when the man pops up next to Midoriya’s desk,
seemingly out of nowhere, as the students of 1-A move to retrieve their costumes.
“Hey kiddos!” Yamada greets, making no allowances for the early morning in his tone or
volume. Startled, Hitoshi nearly lurches out of his seat. Midoriya, either stoic or exhausted,
merely blinks. Yamada continues, “You three will be coming with me. You got your digs,
Todoroki?”
A new confusion settles over Hitoshi. Still, he is wondering how the hell he managed to miss
that hair, and now, on top of that, you three echoes around his head. It’s early, and of course
he didn’t sleep, and he’s under caffeinated on top of all that, and Hitoshi is feeling a bit like
Yamada is speaking a different language, not Japanese, or even English.
“Three?” he asks aloud, eyes settling behind Midoriya. Todoroki Shouto stares back at him,
impressively expressionless, meeting Hitoshi’s eyes for a too-long moment before turning to
Yamada and nodding once.
“Oh, right,” Midoriya says, smiling sheepishly as he tugs at a curl behind his ear. “ShShinsou, this is Todoroki Shouto. Shouto, Shinsou H-Hitoshi. Shouto will be interning with
us – or, well, with Mic, actually, not Eraser, but uh, we’ll all be t-together a lot of the time.”
It’s news to Hitoshi. As far as he knew, the whole internship plan was supposed to be him,
Midoriya, and Aizawa. Not Yamada, and definitely not the son of the number two hero.
“Yeah, I know who he is,” Hitoshi says dryly.
Even though he washed out of the sports festival in only the second round, Todoroki’s name
has been everywhere. Of course it has been, with a legacy like that, with a quirk like that.
Hitoshi bites his tongue on a million other things he could say. He’s trying this new thing –
it’s called exercising self-control and being civil. He hopes Midoriya appreciates the effort,
but it doesn’t seem like it, if the small frown on his face is anything to go by. Hitoshi crosses
his arms over his chest, looking to Yamada as the man claps his hands together.
“Alright! Now that everybody knows everybody, let’s get moving, yeah? Follow me!”
Yamada herds the three of them up like ducklings, bustling them out of the classroom and
leading them through the school, walking backwards as he does. Without looking, he dodges
smoothly around another staff member, gesturing expansively as he says, “We’ll get you set
up in the apartment while Sho is out. It might be a tad bit cramped with all five of us – one of
you will have to sleep on the couch, but it’s comfortable enough for it, cross my heart.”
Todoroki speaks up for the first time, interrupting Yamada to ask, “Are you and AizawaSensei together?"

Yamada doesn’t miss a beat as he responds, “Of course not! Sho is on his way to the station
with the rest of your class and I’m right here, silly.”
“I meant together as in in a relationship.”
“What gave you that idea?”
“He tolerates you,” Todoroki says bluntly, “even though you seem like the type of person
who would annoy him. You have a nickname for him. You share an apartment.”
“Wow! Very observant!”
Todoroki frowns. “Not really. You didn’t answer my question.”
Yamada winks.
“Is Izuku your son?”
Hitoshi can’t help but gape at Todoroki, incredulous. He doesn’t know if it’s admirable or
cringe-worthy, the way Todoroki asks so deadpan, then waits patiently for an answer while
Midoriya sputters and Yamada laughs.
“No!” Midoriya strangles out, red in the face.
Simultaneously, Yamada says, “Sure!”
Todoroki nods resolutely. “I knew it.”
“No,” Midoriya insists, rushing to walk ahead of Todoroki so he can command his full
attention. “I already told you, no. Eraser isn’t my d-dad; neither is Mic. I just – I just live with
them.”
“Forsaken by my own son!” Yamada cries, dramatically stumbling, as if his legs have grown
too weak to support him.
Midoriya ducks his head down, away from Yamada’s grasping hands. Though his expression
has barely changed, something about Todoroki screams of smug satisfaction. The corner of
Hitoshi’s mouth twitches, a laugh caught somewhere in his chest, caged by confusion and
sheer absurdity. Yamada recovers enough to guide them across campus, but continues
shooting Midoriya periodic, mournful-eyed looks that Midoriya stubbornly ignores, though
his flush has baked into his skin like a sunburn.
Soon enough, they reach the staff apartments, a nondescript building that Hitoshi can’t help
but stare around. There is nothing of note to see in the halls, just plain walls and labeled
doors, no signs of who lives inside, but a strange curiosity drives him to look, anyway,
peering around corners. It is always odd to think of teachers having lives outside their
classrooms, especially at UA. Hitoshi knows, of course, that his teachers are heroes, but
sometimes that makes it all the easier to forget that they are also just people.

“Here we are!” Yamada announces outside a door on the second floor. “Make yourselves at
home!”
The apartment on the other side is – well, it’s a normal apartment. Larger and brighter than
the one Hitoshi shares with his father, with an open kitchen and a wide window, lined with
plants. There is absolutely nothing exciting or spectacular about the space, and while Hitoshi
can’t say what he was expecting, he can say he’s a bit disappointed.
“I’ll take the couch,” Todoroki decides after a brief glance around. “I’m shorter.”
Hitoshi bristles. He could sleep on the couch if he wanted to. It’s not as if he’s too tall or
anything like that, and he doesn’t need Todoroki doing him any favors. Midoriya nudges his
elbow into Hitoshi’s side, raising his asymmetrical eyebrows like he knows exactly what
Hitoshi is thinking.
“The spare futon is set up in m-my room,” Midoriya says. “I hope that’s okay.”
“It’s fine,” Hitoshi says, following Midoriya down the hallway.
“I can give you guys a quick tour later, but for now, this is us. You can drop your stuff
wherever.”
Hitoshi enters the bedroom, prepared to leave his bag against the wall and hightail it out of
Midoriya’s personal space, but his plan changes only a step past the doorway. He freezes in
place, gripping the strap of his duffle bag.
“You didn’t tell me you have a cat.”
“That’s Lucy.” There’s a funny twist to Midoriya’s voice, like he might be laughing, but
Hitoshi can’t tear his eyes off the massive ball of white fluff on the bed to confirm. “He
usually sleeps in here. I hope you like cats.”
“Midoriya,” Hitoshi says with newfound sincerity. “I fucking love cats.”
Now Midoriya is definitely laughing, but Hitoshi can’t bring himself to care. He drops his
bag – in the middle of the floor, like an animal, but he’s got other priorities right now –
creeping closer as he hisses the pspsps noise through his teeth that all cats love. Lucy, curled
up in a tight ball near Midoriya’s pillows, doesn’t respond. Waking a sleeping cat just to
demand its attention is a pretty selfish thing, Hitoshi knows. He would go as far as to say it
might even be evil – but if that’s true, then this may very well be his villain origin story,
given how much he really, really wants to pet this cat.
“He’s deaf,” Midoriya informs, amusement obvious in the way his voice quakes. “He’ll
spook if you wake him. But good news – we have two more.”
Hitoshi jolts upright, spine stiff and straight as he turns to face Midoriya. Hitoshi looks down
at him sternly, ignoring the way Midoriya purses his lips around his smile, the way his eyes
are shining. It’s not a laughing matter, really, these three secret cats, and Midoriya has no
business acting cute about the whole business.

“You have three cats. And you never told me?”
Midoriya once again loses his fight against laughter, sagging back against the wall of his
room as he presses his fist against his mouth. Realizing that Midoriya has no plans to make
himself useful anytime soon, Hitoshi strides back to the living room, ignoring Todoroki on
the couch to address Yamada.
“Where are the cats?” he demands, probably too short to be polite, but he’s got other
priorities right now.
Yamada looks caught off guard for a fraction of a second before his face splits in a wicked
smile. He clears his throat. “Can I get a yeah?” he calls, voice easily reaching all ends of the
apartment. Immediately, a meow bounces back from the vicinity of the kitchen, and a
moment later, an ungodly noise – that could maybe be called a meow, if someone was feeling
very generous and had never actually interacted with a cat in their life – echoes down the
hallway.
Yamada ducks behind the counter and pops back up with the kitchen cat in his hands. He
hoists the animal up over his head, holding it under its front legs for just a moment before it
twists around in his grip and demands release. Back on the floor, the cat slinks quickly out of
the kitchen, yellow-green eyes cautiously fixed on Hitoshi and Todoroki as it hops up onto a
stool and starts to groom itself. The cat is big, thin but long with short white fur and a handful
pale grey spots. And also definitely a boy.
“That’s Disco,” Midoriya says, having returned to the living room at some point.
“He’s perfect,” Hitoshi declares.
“The last one, Bast, she’s in her nest. You, uh, don’t want to bother her. She bites. A lot.”
Hitoshi looks away from Disco, first at Midoriya, then down the hallway. “We’re going to be
best friends,” he decides.
Yamada barks a short laugh. “Good luck with that one, listener. Later though, alright? We
don’t have time right now to clean blood out of the carpet – we’ve got an appointment at the
support studio. If everyone’s got their stuff settled, let’s get a move on!”
As Yamada marches the group back out of the apartment, Hitoshi takes a moment to stare
pointedly down the hallway, making a silent vow to himself. Learning about heroics and
developing skills during internships is all well and good, but Hitoshi has a personal goal to
fulfill before the week is out – he’ll make that demon in the hallway love him, even if it’s the
last thing he does.

When Mic slides the reinforced door of the support studio open, they are greeted by the popfizzle of an electrical short and a loud cry of “Pen Boy!”
Mic dodges to the side as Mei bounds across the classroom, dreads bouncing with her
enthusiasm. She seizes Izuku by both wrists to drag him bodily into the room, ignoring his
companions entirely as she manhandles him with impressive strength, forcing him into a seat
in front of a cluttered workspace that very obviously belongs to Mei, based on the chaotic
spread of gadgets and schematics across the table.
“Sorry,” Maijima-Sensei says aside to Mic, who has emerged from cover now that Mei has
absconded with Izuku. “I made the mistake of mentioning that we would have guests this
week. She’s been… excited.”
“No mistake!” Mei refutes, tongue pinched between her teeth as she digs through the
materials on her desk. She shoves a hunk of metal into Izuku’s lap, a cube of intricate plates
and inexplicable wires. “Hold that,” she orders, then resumes talking to her teacher, “If you
hadn’t said anything, I wouldn’t have known to get here early today, and then it would have
taken even longer for Pen Boy to get his stuff. I’ve been waiting very patiently, you know,
and I have a lot of ideas that we need to go over – AHA!” Cutting herself off midsentence,
Mei holds up something small and silver and runs through a door at the back of the room
with it, shouting as she goes, “Be right back!”
Everyone stares after her for a long, silent moment. Then, Mic shrugs and claps his hands
together. “Loving the energy! Take a seat, boys, make yourselves comfortable. Shouta will be
joining you as soon as he’s back, but until then – explore, brainstorm. Support technicians are
the backbone of the hero industry, and good gear saves lives. Now, I’ve got a homeroom to
teach. Behave!”
With a jaunty wave and grin, Mic ducks out of the room, narrowly avoiding an early support
student who looks after him with a blankly baffled stare before shaking their head. Shouto
tips his head fractionally to the side but doesn’t otherwise react or hesitate as he pulls a spare
chair from its spot against the wall to Mei’s workspace, sitting next to Izuku and glancing
over the mechanical carnage with vague curiosity. Shinsou stands in the doorway for a
moment longer, shoulders shrugged up and hands shoved into his pockets until the early
student clears their throat and skirts around him to get to their own desk.
“So these are the babysitting arrangements, huh?” Shinsou asks dryly, stealing Mei’s seat
rather than pull up a new one. Izuku eyes him carefully, but despite his words and bland tone
of voice, Shinsou doesn’t actually look particularly put out.
“They’ve still got c-classes to teach,” Izuku points out. “It’s why UA teachers usually don’t
take interns. And Mic was right about s-support technicians. It’s a good, uh, d-dialog to
establish.” Realizing he has been fidgeting with the strange device Mei gave him, tugging at
some of the protruding wires and slipping his fingers beneath them, Izuku passes the cube to
Shouto who takes it with a minute raising of his eyebrows, turning it around carefully
between his palms. Izuku thinks he looks interested, but he could just be bored – it’s hard to
tell with Shouto.

“I don’t know the first thing about the support industry,” Shinsou says, eyeing the device with
a great deal of skepticism.
“Then you’re in the right place!” Mei says, bursting out of the backroom with her arms
stacked full.
She staggers over, head craned up to barely see over everything she is carrying. Hastily,
Izuku clears an empty space on the table, shoving a bundle of tools to the side moments
before Mei dumps her burden. He winces as a screwdriver and several unidentifiable odds
and ends roll off the edge of the table and clatter to the floor. Through the noise, Mei rests her
fists on her hips with a victorious grin. Abruptly, her eyes narrow, and she looks between
Shouto and Shinsou like she is only just noticing them.
“We haven’t met. I’m Hatsume Mei, future CEO of Hatsume Industries, current student
support technician of Pen Boy, here. And you, Mr. First Place.”
“Me?” Shinsou asks. Mei ignores him.
“Peppermint’s technician is Machi Shigeru. I’ve decided he’s my enemy, on account of how
terrible your costume is.”
“Hatsume!” a classmate calls in half-hearted protest from across the room.
“What’s wrong with it?” Shouto asks.
Izuku cringes slightly as Mei answers, immediately and at length. Shinsou’s face screws up
oddly just a sentence or two into her rant and Izuku hesitantly nudges his ankle.
“She’s–” Izuku begins, only to realize that he doesn’t quite know how to put words to Mei.
“Well, she’s nice. Or, uh, she’s cool? She’s a genius, just a b-bit–”
“Eccentric?” Shinsou offers, in that flat way that makes it hard to tell whether he means it as
a good thing or a bad thing, or if he even cares at all. Izuku smiles sheepishly and nods.
Shinsou shrugs, deceptively careless given that Izuku has come to know that Shinsou is
generally trying very, very hard, no matter what façade he puts on to the contrary.
“What is all this stuff, anyway?” Shinsou questions, reaching out to drag the largest item – a
bulky silver case – towards him by the handle. He drops it with a flinch when Mei squeals,
leaning over them to grab the case and flicks open the latches holding it closed.
“Pen Boy! I have been waiting so long for this, and even though you’ve barely come down
here at all–”
“I have class, Mei.”
“–I’ve decided to forgive you for that, mostly because I want to see what you think of
everything. I also had some ideas which you’ve got to like, and I think we should probably
revisit some things–”
“I don’t need a jetpack.”

“You say that now.”
“This is my costume, then?” Izuku asks, abandoning the jetpack topic before Mei can start
another tirade on it.
“Your very boring costume, yes,” she confirms. From anyone else, the words may have
sounded petulant or scathing, but Mei’s excitement is so clear and infectious, her smile so
wide and eyes so intent, that the criticism hardly registers.
One half of the bottom half of the case, when Izuku flips the lid up, is filled with precisely
folded fabric. The other half of the bottom, as well as the entire top, is taken up by various
weapons and accessories, carefully slotted into place with an efficiency that almost makes it
seem as if the case must be bigger on the inside. Shinsou whistles lowly as he peaks over
Izuku’s arm.
“That’s a lot of knives,” he observes.
“Why do you need knives?” Shouto asks. “Couldn’t you just use a–”
Izuku interrupts, “You n-never know when you could use a good ol’ fashioned kni-knife.”
A quirk, Izuku is sure Shouto was going to say.
The knowledge is accompanied by a sick little twist in Izuku’s stomach – so many quirks, all
stolen, and now everybody knows, knows exactly what Izuku is – and a much larger bubble
of warmth in Izuku’s chest. There is no judgement in Shouto’s voice. Just indifferent
curiosity. It’s a fair enough question, since Izuku has at least a dozen ways to cut or stab just
about anything he could possibly want to – and Shouto, as far as Izuku can tell, couldn’t care
less.
Of course, Mei still has no idea about the truth of things. As far as she’s concerned, Izuku has
a joint pyrokinesis-fire breathing quirk, powerful and promising, but completely natural. He’s
not eager for her to learn the truth. Though, mouth wobbling around a disbelieving smile,
Izuku admits that it’s not because he’s afraid of her hating him. He’s afraid to tell her,
definitely, but only because he knows she would be all too excited.
His eyes are wet as he carefully pinches the fabric of his new costume between his fingers,
rubbing them over the thick-but-flexible material.
“This is amazing, Mei,” he breathes, with a heavy sincerity that goes completely over her
head. Shinsou eyes him apprehensively, likely having had enough of Izuku’s tears to last him
a lifetime. With an apologetic smile, Izuku presses the hem of his sleeve under his eyes to dry
his waterline.
“Of course it is,” Mei boasts. “It’s not like you gave me a challenge.”
“I know, I’m very boring. I’m sorry for stifling your creativity.”
“You should be. You’re better than Mr. First Place, at least.”

“Are you talking about me?” Shinsou asks, tone slightly sharp at the second use of the
nickname.
“Duh! You came in first, didn’t you?”
Shinsou stares at Mei with narrowed eyes, mouth twisting in a way that Izuku recognizes as a
red flag. Izuku stares at Shinsou hard, willing him not to pick a fight – not with Mei, of all
people. Knowing her, she would wind him up further and further while remaining peacefully
oblivious. She wouldn’t even need to fight back to leave Shinsou completely destroyed, just
like she did to Iida during the sports festival. Something must read clearly in Izuku’s face
because Shinsou meets his eyes and grimaces. He sets his jaw, stubborn and defensive but
silent.
“Fine,” he says shortly after a tense second. “So that’s Midoriya’s stuff. What’s all this other
junk?”
Izuku bites back a groan.
“My babies aren’t junk!” Mei exclaims, slapping her hands down onto her worktable before
pulling some of her gadgets protectively into her arms. She glares over them at Shinsou, who
stares back, looking tired and bored, as if he isn’t purposefully being an asshole. As if he
didn’t intentionally find a spot he could prod that she would actually notice.
He plucks a long, thin stick of metal and rubber off the table, holding it in front of squinted
eyes. “My bad. Honest mistake.”
Mei lunges forward to grab the stick from his hand, flipping it around in her palm so she can
jab the pronged metal end into Shinsou’s wrist. He jerks backwards, nearly falling out of his
seat as he tumbles into Izuku, all flailing limbs and sharp elbows. Izuku reaches past him to
intercept Mei before she can do any damage. Izuku has no idea what the little rod does, but
knowing Mei it would electrocute Shinsou, or make him explode, or worse. Admittedly,
Izuku is half tempted to let her, but he knows it would only make the week harder for all of
them.
“A-alrighty then!” Izuku says loudly, forcing a laugh. “Shinsou’s just j-joking, Mei. R-right,
Shinsou?”
“Right,” Shinsou agrees immediately, nearly knocking his skull against Izuku’s as he nods.
Mei blinks, then breaks into uproarious laughter. Several students who have filed into the
room glance in her direction, looking away after only a brief moment, already desensitized.
Izuku uses his shoulder to nudge a pale Shinsou back into his seat.
“Oh, that was funny,” Mei says, wiping her eyes as she calms down. “Good thing you were
joking. If you weren’t, it would have been weird to give you the babies I have for you, you
know? And that would just be sad. I mean, they are a little boring, but they’re also my babies,
so they’re still super cute.”

“You have, uh, babies? For me?” Shinsou shoots Izuku an inquisitive look out of the corner
of his eye. Izuku just shrugs. Besides him, Shouto, who has been watching the whole
exchange like a tennis match, mimics the gesture.
“Of course! I did mention that I was your student technician, didn’t I? Oh, well – I’m your
student support technician. I’ve always got ideas for more babies, so after the sports festival,
I volunteered to take you both on top of the students I was assigned at the beginning of the
year. I don’t really have a complete load out for you, yet, since you haven’t given me much to
work with,” she gives Shinsou a scolding look, “but I’ve put together some basics. Like I
said, super boring.” Perking up, she adds, “But I have ideas for more!”
She collects a few things from around the table, pressing them into Shinsou’s arms with a
gleefully expectant smile, like she hadn’t tried to stab him with a mysterious object just a
minute ago. Shinsou stares at the pile in his lap, mostly clothing, similar to the carefully
assembled ensemble in front of Izuku, but less detailed. Shinsho unwinds a long, steely grey
strip of fabric from the bundle.
“This is…”
“It’s a simplified version of mine,” Eraser says from the doorway of the classroom. “Not as
advanced, but it will do for learning. Don’t expect it to be easy.”
“I wouldn’t trust it if it was,” Shinsou says softly. He wraps the capture weapon around both
of his palms, stretching it between them, face slack with a reverence that he doesn’t bother
trying to disguise.
They are all polite enough to pretend they don’t notice. Shouto asks Mei a question about his
costume, launching her into another rant. Eraser crosses the room to inspect Izuku’s gear,
pulling a knife from the case with a flat look and a resigned sigh.
Snapping the case containing Izuku’s costume shut – it is labeled with a bold, black 19, Izuku
notices now – Eraser addresses the three of them. And as Maijima-Sensei calls his homeroom
to a start, their internship officially begins.

Sometimes, with happiness, there comes a creeping under current of unease. This feeling is
called inevitability.

A reminder:
Anything that can go wrong will go wrong.

But we’re getting ahead of ourselves.

Chapter End Notes

Bakugou: I’m going to kill you! *scribbles on Sero’s whiteboard*
Bakugou: I’m going to kill you! *sticks tape to Sero’s jacket*
Sero: You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
Izuku: Eraser and Mic aren’t my dads!
Mic: Oh, the rejection! I think… my heart may be breaking… everything is going
dark…
Izuku: No it isn’t!
Mic: It is too, Izuku, the same thing happened yesterday.
Hitoshi, trying not to be an asshole: Am I doing this right?
Izuku: A for effort!
Izuku: …C- for execution.
Next chapter: Bloodcurdle - Part II

Chapter 38: Bloodcurdle - Part II
Chapter Notes

CWs for discussion of abuse – nothing particularly graphic, but there are more details in
the end notes if you need them!
You know what, have some memes. This isn’t going to be everything from the server,
sorry for whatever I’m sure I’m missing, it’s been too long
Bevvedout: X
Caet: X
Dev: X
Eggs: X X
Fishy: X
Henry: X
Snowy: X X X X X X
Surya: X X X X X X

See the end of the chapter for more notes

One would think that it would be easy to manage three teenagers, especially if one had
regular practice herding unruly swarms of twenty hero students. One would be wrong, and
Shouta would give them a very nasty look if they tried to introduce any further logic into the
situation. Rule one of teaching: teenagers never make any sense. They are illogical and
irrational, and Shouta can’t wait to retire.
Izuku stands in front of him, practically vibrating with excitement despite the slightly glassy
and overwhelmed look in his eyes. Next to him, Shinsou slouches with forced nonchalance,
trying admirably to disguise his own childish enthusiasm as he toys with the end of the
capture weapon he has looped around his neck in a mirror of Shouta’s own. Without a doubt,
Hizashi will be mocking Shouta for that resemblance as soon as he notices it. At the end of
the line, Todoroki watches with patient and attentive stoicism, achieving Shinsou’s desired
impassivity with little to no effort.
Shouta scans them over, paying special attention to Izuku and Shinsou, since this is the first
test for their costumes. Shinsou’s sleeves, Shouta notices, are too short, riding an inch or so
up his wrists. It’ll be an easy enough fix when the boy actually gets a full, customized design,
rather than the generic time-crunched gear they’re making due with for the moment, though
Shinsou’s costume will likely have to go through several iterations just to keep up with the
rate at which he’s growing. In contrast, Izuku is much more tailored and polished, sleekly
outfitted in blacks and dark greens, with sparing pops of reds, and kitted up with all manner
of gear and gadgets that sprang into reality from the unholy matrimony of Izuku’s
imagination and Hatsume’s hands.

“How’s it all feel?” Shouta asks. “The fit’s good?”
Izuku nods exuberantly. Shinsou stretches his arms in front of him, eying the knobs of his
wrists with bland distaste before he shrugs and nods as well. Instead of focusing on himself,
Shinsou darts small side-eyed glances at Izuku. Shouta sighs and makes an internal note to
keep a close eye on Shinsou’s responses to his gear, since the kid seems content to tolerate
small discomforts rather than report them.
“Okay, wait a second,” Shinsou blurts. Shouta hopes for a moment that he’s planning to
speak up, but then, “Are those bunny ears?” Shouta rolls his eyes.
“Ummm, yes?” Izuku replies, his hesitant doubt making the confirmation into a question. He
reaches up to tug at one of the ears, bending the flexible plastic or rubber or whatever it’s
made of back down towards the band of the intricate headset that’s nestled into his curls. The
ear, nearly a perfect color match to Izuku’s hair, springs back up when he releases it and
Shinsou’s brows crease together in an almost offended expression.
“Why do you have bunny ears?”
Flushing, Izuku grabs both of them and flattens them to his head, pinned under his palms. “I
just – I thought they’d be c-cute!” he defends, worrying his lip with his teeth. “And make me
look, I d-don’t know, friendly. I don’t want to s-scare the people I’m meant to be s-saving.”
Shinsou gives Izuku a dubious look, as if the mere thought of him scaring someone is absurd.
Like this, with Izuku red in the face, flustered and uncertain, the idea that he could be
anything other than harmless does seem ridiculous, but Shouta knows better. Shinsou does,
too, for that matter, but he sometimes seems to entirely forget. The rabbit ears – while an
interesting choice, to say the least – are, in Shouta’s opinion, a wise addition. Izuku’s
costume lacks any of the dramatic design flairs typical of limelight heroics, the unnecessary
colors and quirks that are more for publicity than practicality. Shouta knows from experience
that the dark colors and utilitarian designs favored by underground heroes can be distressing
to victims in the field, especially when they’re paired with intense auras like the one Izuku
tends to put out when he’s focused.
“They’re st-stupid, aren’t they?” Izuku asks, suddenly frowning at the red laces of his boots,
a self-deprecating scowl that makes Shouta’s fingers itch. “I’ll have to get Mei to t-take them
out of the next design if I want people to take me s-seriously. We’ll need to move some of the
electronics, but–”
“They’re cute,” Todoroki says simply, interrupting Izuku’s muttering before it can really gain
steam. Shinsou shoots him a look that is caught halfway between gratitude and irritation as
Izuku sags in relief.
“Alright,” Shouta says, resolutely ignoring whatever adolescent bullshit Shinsou is pouting
about, wishing he could be as oblivious to it as Todoroki and Izuku seem to be. “I have a
couple of tests planned.” Shouta sighs beneath the brunt of the boys’ attention, waving a
resigned hand. “Izuku, tell them about the tests.”

Face splitting into a grin, Izuku bounces up onto his toes, pulling his notebook from –
Shouta’s not sure, actually; he suspects there may be quirk use involved. Afterall, the bands
keeping Izuku’s quirk suppressed were removed earlier that morning, secured in an inner
pocket of Shouta’s jumpsuit, where they’re intended to stay until the end of internships. Or
maybe one of the many pockets on Izuku’s belt and pants is actually a Hatsume-made pocket
dimension. All things considered, that seems equally as likely as quirk use, actually.
“Right!” Izuku begins. He takes off at a breakneck pace, “Well, Shouto, you’ve said that you
can’t control your fire, and it makes sense that your control would be lacking, since you
haven’t had much practice with it, but considering your, uh – relationship? With, well, with
all that, I was thinking that your difficulty might be just as much, maybe even more, about
mental discipline as physical–”
“Psychosomatic quirk dysfunction,” Shinsou says, mouth pulled wryly to the side. He doesn’t
seem to realize he has spoken at all until Izuku whirls on him. Surprised, Shinsou falters
momentarily before scowling and moving to tuck his hands into his pockets that don’t exist
on his costume. Impacts of psychology on quirk function is Shinsou Toshiyuki’s main area of
study, Shouta remembers.
“Exactly!” Izuku confirms, snapping his fingers. “So, I was thinking that you, Shinsou, might
be able to help!”
“Me?” Shinsou echoes, awkwardly folding his hands together behind his back in lieu of
pockets. Looking down at himself, he raises his eyebrows, as if to assess just how helpful he
is feeling and finding himself very unhelpful, indeed.
“Yes! Remember your quirk apprehension test? When you made me throw that ball for you?”
Despite Izuku’s enthusiasm, the complete lack of censure in his voice – or perhaps because of
it – Shinsou grimaces at the reminder. “I never would have thrown that hard on my own. You
brought out my potential.”
“I strained a muscle in your shoulder,” Shinsou points out flatly.
“Well, sure, but that’s not the point. The point is that you overwrote my internalized
inhibitions.”
“Those inhibitions were there for a reason, Midoriya.”
Izuku waves him off. “No, that’s not – that’s semantics. The point is that your quirk might be
able to help us identify what Shouto is capable of without his own thoughts in the way. And
as long as you add something like, um, like ‘without hurting yourself,’ something like that,
then he’ll be fine! You’ll both get the practice you need, and we might figure out more of the
mechanics behind your quirks, and the information will help us structure our training for the
rest of the week.”
“And what’ll you be doing during all this?”
“Analyzing, obviously,” Izuku says, tapping the open page of his notebook with the butt of
his pencil. He spins it between his fingers, bringing it up to catch the end between his teeth as

some of his excitement eddies into an anxious tension. “And, uh – I’m meant to pay
attention, to see if I can f-figure anything out about my o-own q-quirk.”
When Izuku flickers nervous eyes in Shouta’s direction, Shouta nods once, half in support
and half in approval. Some anxiety is to be expected, asking Izuku to explore his quirk, but
Shouta has to admit that he’s pleased with how well the kid is handling the prospect. No
arguments, no breakdowns – just nerves, and even then not nearly enough to dull Izuku’s
determination.
At the mention of Izuku’s quirk, Shinsou concedes immediately, dropping all the other
arguments he certainly had queued up to give Izuku a hard time. Todoroki, on the other hand,
tilts his head, a spark of curiosity animating him from the still and seemingly indifferent
patience he had been projecting.
“What are you trying to figure out?” he asks, not bothering with tact.
Tired professionalism is all that keeps Shouta from laughing aloud at the look that spreads
over Shinsou’s face, aghast and scandalized, as if Todoroki has broken some kind of taboo by
daring to do anything other than conspicuously ignore the elephant in the room. Izuku rubs
the back of his neck and bites out a nonsensical chain of half-words, fidgeting with his
fingers. Eventually he shrugs sheepishly, his smile strained. Hopefully, by the end of the
week, Shinsou will have outgrown the stumbling caginess that overcomes him about the
topic. Izuku, too, will hopefully outgrow his reflexive response to shamefully deflect.
Todoroki narrows his eyes. Shinsou, eyes wide, looks back and forth between Todoroki and
Izuku before staring beseechingly at Shouta, as if expecting him to intervene.
Pinching the bridge of his nose, Shouta wonders how he is meant to handle an entire week of
this.

At the end of a long day of training, Izuku slumps on the floor of the living room, muscles
feeling like overcooked pasta – warm and limp. Most of his weight is leaning against Mic’s
leg, temple resting against the hero’s knee, one arm curled around behind one of his ankles.
Tired heat pulses up and down Izuku’s body, like he is laying on the beach with the surf
washing over sun-heated skin in lazy waves.
Shouto sits on the couch. He’d almost pass for put together, if not for the increasing frizziness
of his hair. An hour ago, they’d all been dripping with sweat, and while they rinsed the worst
of it off in the gym showers, Shouto’s hair is apparently quite unruly under the wrong
conditions. Idly, Izuku notices that half of Shouto’s hair – specifically the white half – has
dried in messy waves.
A groan rises from the ground.

“Oh good,” Izuku sighs, pressing his head harder against Mic’s knee. “I thought you were
dead.”
“Are you sure I’m not?” Shinsou replies, voice muffled by the carpet. He lays face down,
limbs splayed at careless angles, one leg shoved under the coffee table. “Oh shit,” he says,
turning his head to the side so his face is no longer squished into the floor. Blood beads along
his upper lip. “I think I got blood on your carpet. Sorry.”
Eraser sighs, deep, like it’s coming all the way from the tips of his toes. “Wouldn’t be the first
time,” he dismisses, dragging himself off the couch and into the kitchen. He comes back with
a wad of paper towels and passes them down to Shinsou, who promptly shoves them under
his nose.
After a moment, Shinsou breaks the silence again. “Did something just bite me?”
Izuku glances over. “Ah, yeah. That’s Bast. I did warn you.”
“That’s fine, then. She’s allowed to bite me. She deserves it.”
“What did you just call my cat?” Eraser demands, words clipped.
Izuku blinks. “Uh.”
“Come on, Sho, it’s just a nickname,” Mic says, stifling laughter as he ruffles a hand through
Izuku’s hair. At the end of such a long day, when Izuku is completely wrung out, in a way
that is just as uncomfortable as it is satisfying, Izuku can’t help but lean into the touch. His
eyes fall halfway closed as Eraser huffs.
“Her name is Bastard,” Eraser insists. The cat in question responds with half a growl, the
stunted end of her tail flicking violently at the air for a moment before she jumps in a high
arch and lands on Shinsou’s back, probably with her claws out, if his hissed exhale is
anything to go by.
Izuku mutters his defense, “She’s a goddess.”
Above him, Mic barks a laugh, tugging at Izuku’s hair just enough to shake his head a little.
“You just don’t want to say a bad word,” he teases. Izuku pulls away and swats Mic’s hand
with his own, nearly toppling over into Shinsou as he forgets to account for the overcooked
noodle quality of his limbs until a moment too late.
“It just seems mean, is all,” Izuku argues halfheartedly. Bast – Bastard – she’s just a little,
old, half-feral cat that’s doing her best and mostly doesn’t really hurt anyone. At least not
permanently. He doesn’t see why he should call her names – even if that name is, well. Her
name. Still, it seems like the kind of thing that could give a person – cat? – a complex. Maybe
that’s why she acts out all the time.
Shinsou, having propped himself up onto his elbows, tries to twist his head around to get a
look at the cat still stubbornly clinging to his shirt with her claws. She hops away from him
when he starts to roll over, throwing herself over his side in an uncoordinated tangle of limbs

and landing in Izuku’s lap claws-first. She bites his thumb when he scratches behind her ears,
then shoves her head against his hand until he does it again.
“Aw,” Shinsou coos, stuffed up and nasal, “she is a Bastard.”
“No,” Izuku denies as she gnaws softly along his palm, prickly but not painful. “She’s – she’s
just rascally, is all.”
Shinsou snorts. Eraser scoffs. Bastard grumbles.
She twists around in Izuku’s lap, grabbing him by the wrist with her front paws to kick at his
arm with her hind legs. She nips his fingers when he wiggles them for her. Shinsou reaches
out to pet her, but before he can get within an inch of her fur, she goes rigid and launches
herself out of the room and down the hallway. Izuku blinks, surprised by the sudden
emptiness of his lap and the new sting in his thighs from where he was used as leverage.
Shinsou smirks in Bastard’s wake, staring after with exhausted but steadfast determination.
Then, his face scrunches up, mouth falling open in an affronted little gasp.
“What the fuck, Todoroki?” he demands, rolling himself up until he’s seated with several
unflattering grunts of effort that Izuku very politely ignores.
“What did I do?” Shouto asks.
Izuku’s eyes follow the sharp gesture of Shinsou’s arm, and he immediately breaks into
laughter that lights up a hot ache along his ribs and abs. Despite Shouto’s complete lack of
interest in the cats – a certain amount of wary distaste, even – Disco has curled quite
contentedly into the crook of his right side.
“Life is so fucking unfair.”
“It’s alright,” Izuku consoles, reaching out without thinking to pat Shinsou on the shoulder.
“We can get you a hot water bottle or something. Level the playing field.”
Shinsou stares at Izuku for a long moment, some kind of realization dawning behind his eyes
as Izuku bites his lip and tries not to laugh in his face. Mouth flattening into a tight line,
Shinsou narrows his eyes to slits and points a finger at Izuku, close enough to his face that
Izuku’s eyes nearly cross.
“You,” Shinsou says, “are a little shit.”
His accusation, heated and low, hangs in the air for a long moment before Eraser absolutely
decimates the tension, coughing out a shocked laugh that has Mic following straight after
him, nearly descending into hysterics. Izuku joins in, giggling despite his best efforts and
leaning back against Mic’s leg as Shinsou stands – bracing himself on the coffee table to keep
his balance on shaky knees – and crosses his arms, glowering at them with stern disapproval,
which only serves to make Mic laugh that much harder.
“Haha, laugh it up,” Shinsou snarks. “I can really see the family resemblance.” He nudges
Izuku’s hip with his foot. “What happened to giving us a tour, huh? Stop laughing and make

yourself useful, maybe. I am your guest.”
“A-alright, alright,” Izuku agrees, squishing his cheeks between his palms as he rubs the
soreness of grinning too wide and too long from his face. He drags himself up by the arm of
Mic’s chair, taking Shinsou’s hand when it’s offered for support, though they’re both so
strung out from the day’s work that there’s really not much Shinsou could do to help him up.
Really, all the gesture does is ensure that Izuku would take Shinsou down with him if he fell.
“Tour, Shouto?” Izuku offers, glancing over to the quiet boy. “We wouldn’t want anyone to
get lost.” Of course, given the size of the apartment, the tour is barely a formality. Shinsou
snorts under his breath, and Shouto, thankfully, spares a small, slightly awkward smile. It’s a
relief, and Izuku relaxes slightly and smiles back, glad that neither Shouto nor Shinsou seem
terribly bored or irritated.
Over the last three or so weeks, Izuku and Mic and Eraser have all established a tentative
balance here, in this apartment, a rhythm in the way they move around each other. It’s odd, to
suddenly have new people in the space, and there’s a strange anxiety to it. A feeling of
intrusion, paired with the pressure to impress or entertain. Shouto separates himself from a
disgruntled Disco, standing stiffly, and for a probably too-long moment, that’s all the three
boys do – stand around and look at each other until Izuku remembers that he has a tour to
give.
“Right!” he says, spreading his arms. “Well, uh, this is the living room.”
From there, he walks them into the kitchen, opens the fridge to show them the abundance of
supplies Mic has prepared for their comfort, introduces them to the little plants of the
windowsill – which have all been lovingly named by Mic, and less-lovingly nicknamed by
Eraser, who says it’s stupid to talk to plants, despite the fact that Izuku has caught him doing
it himself. Shouto nods to each plant in solemn greeting. Shinsou seems more interested in
the fridge. Izuku leads them on.
“This is–” Izuku pointedly raises his voice, “Bast’s closet.”
“Wait, wait, wait,” Shinsou interrupts, disbelieving at first but growing progressively more
gleeful. “She has a closet?” The way he says it makes it sound like the best thing he has ever
heard.
“Yes,” Izuku confirms. To demonstrate, he presses the toe of his sneaker to the top of the cat
flap installed on the door, opening it a gap. Immediately, Bastard swipes a paw through,
stretching up and patting her claws, fully unsheathed, about in a frantic attempt to destroy
that which has dared intrude on her territory. “Eraser started feeding her in there when they
got Disco,” Izuku explains. “To keep her from, you know – attacking him. She got
territorial.”
Shinsou crouches down, staring intently at the cat flap. “I have never related to a creature
more in my life,” he declares.

“Sure,” Izuku says slowly, though Shinsou’s obvious – if atypical – joy is a bit contagious.
Catching Izuku’s eyes, Shouto looks askance at Shinsou, expression bewildered. Mouth
twitching, Izuku shrugs.
“Do you… also bite?” Shouto asks carefully.
“Fuck around and find out,” Shinsou responds absentmindedly. Completely occupied with the
wonder that is Bastard’s closet, he doesn’t notice the apprehensive consternation that flickers
across Shouto’s face as he darts his eyes from Shinsou to Izuku. Shinsou would be so
disappointed to miss it, Izuku is sure. Then again, he would probably be unbearably smug if
he noticed.
Shaking his head and moving on, Izuku says, “Bathroom’s right here.” Swallowing
uncomfortably, he adds, “So, um, I – I’m not supposed to sh-shut doors? Just m-make sure
the light’s off, even if the d-door is cracked. It’s a thing.”
He waves a dismissive hand through the air and forces a laugh, hoping to leave it at that.
Izuku doesn’t mind the door rule at all – he understands why it might be necessary, and if you
ask him, he’s already been granted enough liberties, being allowed to live here and attend
UA. That doesn’t mean he wants to explain it, though, especially not to his – friends?
Classmates, definitely; people he has to interact with on a regular basis. Mercifully, neither of
the other boys says anything. If a disconcertingly shaken expression spreads across Shinsou’s
face, Izuku is content to pretend he didn’t see it and trust Shinsou to keep whatever he thinks
he’s figured out to himself.
Izuku points to the next door down the hall. “That’s Mic and Eraser’s room.”
“They share a room?” Shouto asks, suddenly sharp and intense.
“Yeah, they’re really close friends.” Grinning widely under Shouto’s scrutiny, Izuku pushes
the door to his own room open, flicking the light on. “And this is my room.”
With an unexpected and unfamiliar kind of pride, Izuku appraises his bedroom. This is my
room. His own words loop in his head. For the first time since he moved in, Izuku realizes
that this room really has become his. There is no longer a guest bedroom in the apartment;
Izuku is no longer a guest. His schoolwork is scattered across the desk. Present Mic features
prominently in several of the handful of posters on the walls – Mic had found it hilarious,
putting merchandise of himself on the walls of his own home. In the absence of similar
merchandise for Eraserhead, Mic had enthusiastically collaborated with Izuku to make some
of their own, all of rather dubious quality. Izuku’s favorite was a random character figurine
they had picked up for cheap and painted mostly black with a long string of grey yarn
wrapped around the neck and shoulders. Eraser sighed every time he saw it, long and loud, so
Izuku had given it a place of honor on his bedstand.
This was Izuku’s room.
“Can I sit?” Shinsou asks, gesturing vaguely to the floor.

“Oh, uh, yeah, of course,” Izuku says, pulling himself from his thoughts and making a mental
note to get the futon set up sooner rather than later, considering that Shinsou looks just about
dead on his feet.
“Great, fair warning I may never get up again.”
“In that case, make sure to sit somewhere out of the way.”
Huffing a dry laugh, Shinsou lowers himself gingerly to the ground, watching with tired
curiosity as Shouto inspects Izuku’s shelves. Izuku tries hard to resist the urge to monitor
Shouto’s movements himself, not wanting to hover over the other boy’s shoulder like some
kind of overbearing creep.
“Hey Midoriya?” Shinsou says, voice lilting oddly.
“What’s up?” Izuku asks, pulling his eyes away from where Shouto is scanning over the
spines of his analysis journals.
“Is this a penis?”
Izuku blinks. A small scrap of blue paper is pinched between two of Shinsou’s fingers.
Without prompting, he presses it closer to Izuku’s face so he can see it better. Brows raised
high, bags beneath his eyes even deeper than usual, Shinsou’s face is a perfect study in
deadpan.
“No!” Izuku blurts after an incriminating pause, face growing very hot very quickly. Darting
forward, Izuku grabs Shinsou’s hand and pushes it down, pinning it and the offending piece
of confetti to the carpet.
Shinsou’s mouth pulls into a slow smirk. “I know what a penis looks like, Midoriya.”
“Then why did you ask?!”
“Why do you have tiny blue dicks in your carpet?”
“Midnight,” Izuku groans. Shinsou instantly accepts this as the perfect explanation it is,
teasing grin transforming into a sympathetic grimace. Not long ago, Eraser had torn into
Midnight about the confetti, about how it was haunting their lives and befouling poor,
innocent Lucy. Midnight had merely cackled, patting first Eraser and then Izuku on the cheek
before leaving the teachers’ lounge with a frightfully thoughtful look on her face.
“You have a lot of games,” Shouto says abruptly, crouched next to the bookshelf, having
worked his way down its contents. He holds one of Izuku’s games, turning the case over
between his hands as he inspects it diligently.
“Yeah,” Izuku says. Shouto’s observation was like a shock of ice water, and now Izuku’s
words fall from suddenly numb lips.
“We should play,” Shouto decides.

“No,” Izuku says, drawing the denial out, long and wavering. “Why would we do that?”
“My old man hates video games. Says they’re a waste of time. I like them on principal, but
I’ve never actually gotten to play one.”
Izuku rises onto his knees, leaning forward to snatch the game from Shouto’s hands. He tucks
it behind his back, plastic creaking under his tight grip, fingertips bleached white from the
pressure. Shouto’s mouth bends into the smallest frown, though Izuku can’t tell if he’s
startled, confused, annoyed, or angry. Maybe he’s all of those things, he’d have every right to
be.
“We – We can’t play,” Izuku forces out after several half-starts. “I only have two controllers,
so.”
“Yeah,” Shinsou pipes in, so casual that Izuku can tell he is forcing it. “Three of us, two
controllers. Wouldn’t be fair.”
Izuku’s eyes sting. He inhales deeply, exhales slowly, as inconspicuously as he can. His
hands, so tense the knuckles ache, relax slightly.
“Exactly,” he breathes softly. “Thanks, Shinsou.”
“Don’t thank me. Basic math.”
Shuffling forward on his knees, Izuku slots the game back into its place on the shelf. The
collection feels like an accusation, like something private and embarrassing and painful. He
doesn’t even know why he has them, it’s not like he plays them. Mic and Eraser had been
insistent though, that Izuku have things, things just for himself, just because, and games were
the only things he could think of. And they were nice to have, even if he never played them.
They just weren’t something other people were meant to see, let alone touch.
“We could take turns?”
“Oh my god, Todoroki,” Shinsou hisses, abandoning his casual affectation. “Read the room.”
Shouto leans back slightly at Shinsou’s tone. He says, “Oh. Sorry.”
It is very obvious that he doesn’t know what he is apologizing for. Shinsou has no idea what’s
going on, either, that’s equally obvious – he’s just better at identifying peoples’ sore spots.
The silence is oppressive, Shouto and Shinsou watching Izuku cautiously, like he is
something unpredictable and dangerous. It must seem that way to them, with him suddenly
going frantic over such a small thing.
Izuku takes another deep breath, straightens the line of games. His lungs twinge just slightly,
but the breath comes easy, in and out without catching. His hands shake just a little, but his
fingers are responsive, alive and tactile.
Izuku clears his throat. “S-sorry. It’s just – they’re not r-really mine.”

That’s the best way to put it. The games aren’t his to play, certainly not his to play with
Shouto and Shinsou, these friend-adjacent someday-heroes, in this bedroom that Izuku has
begun to think of as his own.
“I got them for my brother,” Izuku says. The words come easier than Izuku ever thought they
would.
“Wait a minute,” Shinsou says, in that gruff way he does when his mouth gets ahead of his
brain. “You have a brother?” His shock is probably warranted, considering the loose sketch
he has of the situation with Izuku’s father, but as soon as the question is out of his mouth
Shinsou’s brain seems to catch up. He grimaces.
“Something like that,” Izuku replies.
There is no exact word for a boy who your father groomed from a young age, who grew by
your side for five years, but who was always treated distinctly different. Of course, All for
One called them brothers from the very beginning, but Izuku has long since realized that that
was just another manipulation. Izuku and Tomura had never used the word themselves, not
out loud, not to each other. Maybe Tomura had never even thought of them that way. But
brother really is the only way to put it, even if neither of them ever actually acknowledged
that when they were still together. Despite how messy it all is, despite the resentment and the
anger and the death, brother slots into Izuku’s chest like a puzzle piece. There is a brothershaped hole in him that aches.
“He’s still alive, right?” Shinsou asks. Then, a split second later, “Wait, shit, sorry, don’t
answer that.” It wrings a wet laugh out of Izuku.
“Y-yes, Shinsou, he’s st-still alive.”
“Oh, well. That’s good, right?”
“Depends on who you ask.”
“You’re talking about Shigaraki Tomura,” Shouto says, a statement rather than a question.
Shouto, Izuku has realized, is rather good at extrapolating from disjointed bits of information,
even if he sometimes puts the pieces together all wrong.
Izuku supposes this one wasn’t all that hard to figure out.

So Midoriya has a villain brother. Considering the whole villain father thing, Hitoshi
shouldn’t be so surprised. Any brother of Midoriya’s was bound to be a villain, given the
circumstances. Or at least as much of a villain as Midoriya was – which is to say kinda-sorta
a villain, if you tilt your head to the left and squint.

Shigaraki Tomura, though. He had started a whole league of villains. He had attacked the
USJ. He had tried to kill All Might. According to the news, he could turn things to dust with
his hands. That’s way more than kinda-sorta. That’s highly dangerous, don’t approach levels
of villainy. Suddenly, the situation seems much more real, the weight of it crashing into
Hitoshi like a wrecking ball.
Looking at Midoriya – the slump of his shoulders, the bend of his neck, the shadows under
his eyes, the scars around his wrist – it occurs to Hitoshi that it has always been real. Long
before Hitoshi knew Midoriya existed, when Hitoshi’s biggest problem was how much he
fucking hated robots, Midoriya was living through hell. Even now, when Midoriya sometimes
seems so bright and open and kind that Hitoshi forgets he was ever anything other than a hero
brat, Midoriya is still living with the consequences.
Fuck Shigaraki Tomura, and fuck whoever their father was, and fuck every link in the chain
of events that led to Midoriya’s hands shaking over the titles of games he doesn’t even play.
Family is a fucked up thing, Hitoshi knows. It can fuck people up.
The silence is smothering, and Midoriya seems to shrink more and more with every moment.
He closes a hand around his right wrist, fingers slotting into the grooves of the scar there in a
smooth, habitual movement that speaks of countless repetitions. Unconsciously, Hitoshi
brings a hand up to his face, running his fingers over the divot on the bridge of his nose,
nearly invisible but just deep enough that his nails catch in the groove every time he passes
over it.
“My mom kept me muzzled.”
Hitoshi doesn’t realize he has spoken aloud until he notices Midoriya. His kicked-puppy rawnerve vulnerability shifts instantaneously to a rictus of horror that makes Hitoshi’s stomach
turn over and try to crawl up his throat.
“I mean,” he says. Battery acid coats his tongue and teeth. He’s not sure what he means. He
babbles, “You know how it is. Turn four, get your quirk, it’s great, except four-year-olds
aren’t really known for their, uh, control. Quirk control, impulse control, take your pick.
“My parents divorced when I was, I don’t know, two or something, right, and my mom took
custody and my dad moved to the city for work, and I only saw him maybe a handful of times
a year. When my birthday came around my dad was busy, he was always busy, but my mom –
turned out my mom wasn’t really jazzed about the whole thing. Like, the – uh, the
brainwashing thing, that is. Figured I couldn’t – hmmm – steal her autonomy or anything? If
I just. Couldn’t talk.
“Anyway, Dad finally visited, um, a couple of months after. Got right pissed, took my mom
to court, yada yada. The point is – family is fucked up. Family fucks you up. But really–”
Hitoshi clears his throat, voice scratchy and crackling. “Fuck them.”
Excellent recovery, Hitoshi thinks to himself, lightheaded. Follow one incriminating
statement up by word-vomiting even more. You know what would fix this mortifying
situation? More mortification. Just overshare and make everyone uncomfortable, then the
discomfort cancels out and you can all have a good laugh and move on. That’s definitely how

it works. Good going, Hitoshi. At least Midoriya doesn’t look like he’s waiting for a death
sentence, anymore.
“Fuck them,” Todoroki repeats slowly, like he is testing the words. He says it again, more
confidently, nodding once. Then, “My father wants to use me as a tool to surpass All Might.
He married my mother specifically in hopes of bearing a child with a quirk stronger than his
own.”
“A quirk marriage,” Midoriya spits, surprisingly vitriolic.
“Quirk marriages are illegal,” Hitoshi says dumbly, still processing Todoroki’s words, the
grim look on the boy’s usually impassive face. Todoroki scoffs. The sound seems
inappropriately coarse coming from someone so quiet, so reserved, so distant.
“Nothing is illegal when you have money and power. He forced my mother to marry him,
made her carry child after child, neglected them when they didn’t meet his standards, and
drove my eldest brother to destruction with his ‘training.’”
“Did he give you that scar?” Midoriya asks in a fierce whisper, leaning close to Todoroki
with an expression that Hitoshi can only describe as righteous and vengeful. It makes the hair
on the back of Hitoshi’s neck stand up, like a static charge in the air.
Todoroki, who has been nauseatingly matter-of-fact in his declaration, falters briefly,
covering his eye with his palm. “No. My mother poured boiling water over my face. She
couldn’t stand to look at my left side. He’s kept her in the hospital ever since.” If not for that
small pause, that fraction of hesitation, Hitoshi would almost think Todoroki was unbothered.
Todoroki Shouto, with his amazing quirk, with all his money and his connections. Todoroki
Shouto, attractive and mysterious, envied by everyone. Man, Hitoshi has thought who knows
how many times, imagine being Todoroki Shouto, imagine being that lucky.
Here Hitoshi has been, thinking he has been unlucky, that he was born with an unlucky quirk
that has made his life so much harder than it would have been otherwise. Maybe everyone is
unlucky, actually. Maybe making life harder is just what quirks do.
“Fuck him,” Hitoshi decides. “He fucked you up, and he fucked your mom up. Fuck him.”
“Fuck him!” Todoroki echoes, louder than Hitoshi ever would have expected. He meets
Hitoshi’s eyes fiercely, and Hitoshi is surprised to feel a spark of something that feels almost
like camaraderie.
“Fuck my mom, and fuck your dad, and fuck Shigaraki Tomura.”
“No.” Midoriya’s sharp interjection takes much of the wind out of Hitoshi’s scornful selfempowerment.
“He fucked you up, Midoriya. Fuck that guy,” Hitoshi says. Todoroki nods, an unexpected
ally.

“No,” Midoriya insists. “You don’t know what you’re talking about. It’s not the same.
Tomura hasn’t fucked me up, he’s been fucked up. He’s like – he’s like Todoroki’s mom. She
gave you that scar, but we’re not saying fuck her, because Endeavor fucked her up. I’m not
done with Tomura; I can’t let it be over.”
Midoriya tilts his chin up, and Hitoshi doesn’t even get a moment to process how many times
Midoriya just said fuck. Midoriya’s got that look in his eyes. The one that makes Hitoshi feel
so small and insignificant, but in the best way. That intense, humbling look that makes
Hitoshi sure Midoriya could do anything he set his mind to, god have mercy on anyone who
tries to stand in his way.
“Fuck your mom,” Midoriya proclaims, “and fuck Endeavor. And honestly? Fuck All For
One!”
“Is that your father?” Todoroki asks, while Hitoshi is busy feeling a bit pinned under the
weight of Midoriya’s eyes and words.
“Yes! I loved him, and he – he loved me, he did, but. But so what?! That doesn’t make it
better! It doesn’t cancel out! He fucked me up! He fucked Tomura up! He’s fucked up the
entire world, so fuck him!”
Hitoshi reaches out and grasps Midoriya’s arm, squeezing hard, just below the elbow. “Fuck
All for One.”
“Fuck All for One,” Todoroki says.
Like a chorus, they repeat themselves, as if they are trying to speak something into being, or
maybe just purge it from inside them. Fuck Hitoshi’s mother, fuck Endeavor, and fuck All for
One.
They don’t owe anything to anyone. If they fuck you up, then fuck them.

Entropy reigns supreme. Everything trends towards disorder.

A suggestion:
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.

The forgotten cannot be forgiven.

Chapter End Notes

CW for Shouto’s backstory and mentions of muzzling a child
Hitoshi: Why do you have bunny ears?
Izuku: Oh no, they’re stupid :(
Shouto: Don’t worry, they’re cute
Izuku: Thank you :)
Hitoshi: How dare you make him feel better after I put my foot in my mouth?
Aizawa: Shoot me now, please
Hitoshi: Bastard is my spirit animal
Shouto: Izuku, are you sure this guy is safe to be around?
Hitoshi: c,,,cock confetti
Izuku: SHINSOU NO
The Boys: FUCK THEM!!!
Mic: What’s going on in there? Do you think everything’s alright?
Aizawa: They’re bonding, leave them alone.
Next chapter: Bloodcurdle – Part III

Chapter 39: Bloodcurdle - Part III
Chapter Notes

One part of me is like – yikes, can’t believe I haven’t updated in 3 months. Another part
says – holy shit how has it only been 3 months. Anyway, this chapter is on the longer
side, to tide you over for another ??? months. I’m actually pretty happy with it, despite
how out of practice I’ve gotten. Thank you all, as always, for your patience and support!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Shinsou and Todoroki get on like a house on fire. Which is to say, everything is terrible and
Shouta feels the immediate need to evacuate. He thought Shinsou’s animosity was going to
be tiring, but he takes it back; he’d take the snark and sarcasm over whatever weird bond
they’ve established, especially since Shinsou somehow still manages to be nearly as
standoffish as before. Hizashi is no help. He seems to think it’s hilarious, though Shouta
suspects that he’s mostly laughing at Shouta’s misery. Izuku walks between the other two
boys as Shouta leads them to the gym, but he’s short enough that Shinsou can just snipe at
Todoroki over his head. Shouta needs a nap.
“Right on time!” a chirpy voice greets the moment the group enters the gym.
Shouta freezes in mixed dread and relief. Nedzu stands expectantly at the center of the large
room, hands folded politely behind his back as he smiles at them. The rat’s presence never
bodes well for Shouta. History would indicate Nedzu’s scheming; he always is, after all. But
maybe just this once, Shouta can resign himself to that fact, decide it’s not his problem, and
shove his trio of students on the principal so he can get some damned rest.
Shouta weighs his options, then sighs. Who’s he kidding? As tired as he is, it’s not like he
would actually be able to get any sleep, knowing his students are unsupervised and at
Nedzu’s manipulative mercy. On the off chance he managed a nap, he would wake up to
potentially world ending chaos.
“What are you doing here?” Shouta asks flatly.
“I’m here to help!” Nedzu says. Shouta doubts that. “Izuku is still my personal student, after
all. It only seems right that I assist with his internship where I can.”
“Don’t you have work to do?”
“I’ve cleared my schedule!”
Of course he had. With another sigh, Shouta crosses his arms. Izuku is very obviously
excited. Spending so much time with Nedzu in an academic setting has made him
increasingly curious about how Nedzu applies his intellect in practical heroics. Even

Todoroki and Shinsou seem interested, though the latter at least has the good sense to look
apprehensive, as well. Shouta resigns himself to the fact that Nedzu is certainly scheming,
and to the fact that it is also definitely Shouta’s problem.
“What did you have in mind?” he asks.
“Just a simple exercise,” Nedzu responds. He is likely trying to be reassuring, but he misses
by a mile. “A game! Ground Beta has already been prepared.”
“Ground Beta?” Izuku asks.
“Ah, of course – this will be a first for you and Shinsou, won’t it?” The rat grins. “Ground
Beta is one of our immersive training grounds. It fully simulates your typical urban area, with
buildings and streets and all the appropriate infrastructure. It’s generally used to teach
students to be cautious of their environment and to avoid collateral damage, but in my
experience it’s also great for scavenger hunts.”
The thin thread of restraint Izuku had been clinging to snaps. He bounces up on his toes.
Shouta reaches back and grabs him by the skull to hold him down, not breaking eye contact
with Nedzu. Over the years, Shouta has noticed a direct correlation between how innocent
Nedzu seems and how much Shouta will end up suffering. Now, the rat continues smiling
placidly under Shouta’s scrutiny, like butter wouldn’t melt in his mouth.
“Scavenger hunt,” Shouta repeats.
“I’ll explain when we get there,” Nedzu promises.
Withholding the details until they were already committed, then. Devious bastard.
Shouta allows it – though knowing the rat, he never actually had a choice in the matter.
Nedzu leads the way, radiating that subtle smugness that makes Shouta want to strangle him.
Izuku bombards his mentor with dozens of questions about Ground Beta’s structure and
upkeep and Nedzu answers at a pace that leaves Todoroki blinking in confusion and Shinsou
staring into space with a glazed look in his eyes.
Shouta stops the group outside the gates to the training area, grabbing Izuku by the elbow to
keep him from barging ahead in his eagerness. Knowing Nedzu, there’s a distinct possibility
they’ll be set upon by robots the moment they enter the walls, and the last thing they need is
Izuku getting blindsided and reflexively dealing massive damage to school property. There is
still a crater in the ceiling of Gym Gamma – apparently it is low priority on Cementoss’ list
of necessary repairs.
“What are you planning?” Shouta asks.
Nedzu claps once, ignoring the note of accusation in Shouta’s question. “As I said, a
scavenger hunt of sorts! There are 15 flags hidden throughout this quadrant of Ground Beta,
five for each of you.” He produces three pennant flags, approximately the size of Shouta’s
hand, one green, one purple, and one red, passing them to Izuku, Shinsou, and Todoroki

respectively. “Your goal is to be the first to return to this gate with all of your flags, including
the one I’ve just handed you!”
“What do we do if we find a flag that’s not ours?” Shinsou asks, shoving his first flag into a
side pocket on his belt.
“Whatever you want!” Nedzu replies.
Shinsou smiles, sharp. “That’s what I was hoping you’d say.”
“What if we run into each other?” Todoroki asks next.
“The answer is the same! If you best one of your peers, they will have to cede one of their
flags to the victor and suffer a ten minute time penalty.”
Izuku frowns. “What do you mean by ‘b-best?’” he asks, fidgeting uncomfortably. “What
would qualify?”
“Immobilization and incapacitation!” Nedzu answers gleefully. “We’ll be watching, of
course, and a buzzer will sound at the start and end of the time penalty.” Almost as an
afterthought, Nedzu adds, “Obviously, avoid causing any major injury. This game is likely to
last through the morning, possibly for most of the day, and we don’t want any of you
becoming truly indisposed. That would be a rather disappointing way to end things.”
Bluntly, Shouta says, “Your sociopathic tendencies are showing.”
“Any more questions?” Nedzu asks.
The boys are silent. Izuku seems slightly exasperated, though he’s had plenty of exposure to
Nedzu’s brand of testing. Todoroki looks the same as ever, but Shouta wouldn’t have
expected anything else. Shinsou, apparently the only one of the three with any sense of selfpreservation, looks markedly more uncertain about the situation.
The rat grins unrepentantly and claps again. “Excellent! You’ll need to scour the city while
simultaneously avoiding your rivals – or incapacitating and sabotaging them, should you so
choose!”
His tone makes it entirely obvious which tactic he would rather see. Considering that Nedzu’s
own strategies often rely on enacting a plan entirely within enemy blind spots, it’s absurdly
hypocritical of him to encourage the boys to confront each other, but Shouta already knows
that the real goal is to see how they bend under the pressure of the circumstances. Nedzu has
always had a special fondness of seeing what tactics people would enact when pitted against
their allies. By way of Nedzu’s schemes, it could be worse. At least Shouta can be relatively
certain that there’s no risk of any of the trio committing manslaughter in the arena. He’s 99%
confident – it’s the 1% that makes his job so fucked up.
“Well?” Shouta asks, turning away from the three boys, who are all awaiting further
instruction. “What are you waiting for?”

Todoroki moves first, already accustomed to the rapid pace of heroics training. Izuku moves
only a moment later, and he moves faster, disappearing into the urban maze of Ground Beta
in an instant. Shinsou stays rooted in place for a full two seconds before he curses and sprints
away.
Without complaint, Shouta allows Nedzu to scale up his side and take roost on his shoulder,
though he scowls all the while. He pulls his authorization badge from inside his jumpsuit,
scanning it against a hidden censor near the gates. Concrete grinds against concrete as a
staircase entrance opens in the ground, leading deep beneath the training grounds. Nedzu
kicks his feet against Shouta’s chest in a childish display of excitement as they descend into
the central monitoring room. As Nedzu hops from Shouta’s shoulder to the control center,
Shouta slumps into a seat, glancing rapidly between the camera feeds as Nedzu lights them
up. Rapidly, Nedzu manipulates the setup, pressing buttons and inputting commands until he
has a view of each of the boys from the city’s camera grid and drones deployed to track them
more closely.
Two of the camera feeds are showing different angles of the same street, Todoroki and
Shinsou already locked in a confrontation. Shinsou is quite literally locked in, encased in ice
up to the knee and looking none too happy about it, a vicious scowl tugging at his mouth and
forehead. Nedzu looks far too satisfied as he triggers the buzzer that signals Shinsou’s defeat,
flicking another switch as he does so. Audio spills into the control room.
“That’s cheap,” Shinsou accuses, glaring at the sky as the buzzer fades. With great reluctance,
he digs out his single flag and surrenders it to Todoroki, who looks at the scrap of fabric like
he has no idea what it is.
“You should have been paying more attention,” he informs Shinsou after a long moment of
baffled staring.
“I was,” Shinsou protests. “I was looking for my stupid flags.”
“The flags aren’t going to attack you.”
Shinsou gapes. “No way,” he deadpans, bitingly sarcastic. “I had no idea.”
Todoroki, unaffected or unaware, merely nods once before melting the ice trapping Shinsou
in place and leaving him behind. Shinsou huffs, dropping to the ground and sitting crosslegged to wait out his ten minutes, while Todoroki scales a nearby building for an arial view
of the area. Whether he is looking for his flags or Izuku, he sees nothing, a crease of
consternation forming between his eyebrows. He looks at Shinsou’s flag, still crumpled in his
fist, and with a shrug, drops it on the roof before leaping over the edge to start searching the
city in earnest.
Nedzu clicks his tongue, underwhelmed. “What a missed opportunity.”
Shouta pinches the bridge of his nose, though he’s not entirely surprised. Todoroki possess a
kind of single-minded focus that can make him a very intimidating opponent, but it also
cripples his creativity too often. If the purpose of the exercise were to hide the flags, Shouta

has no doubt that Todoroki would do a much better job, but it seems like he’s decided not to
waste his energy on that aspect of things when he could instead focus on finding them.
Over the course of the morning, Shouta watches as all three boys develop their own distinct
tactics. The first few pennants are easily collected, given that their starting placements are
relatively obvious and easily spotted. Locating them is still an inherently time-consuming
task, due to the size of the search area, but this exercise is designed to start simply and then
become more and more complicated as the competitors create obstacles for each other.
Knowingly or not, Shinsou and Todoroki are playing a perfect tug-of-war.
Todoroki hunts for his opponents as diligently as his flags but, failing to find Izuku, it is
Shinsou who finds himself on the wrong side of Nedzu’s buzzer time and time again. By the
three hour mark, all six of Shinsou’s flags have, at some point, been in his possession. They
never stay there, ceded repeatedly to Todoroki, accompanied by increasingly lengthy strings
of curses. Found, then lost, only to be found again when Todoroki merely drops them on
some rooftop or another.
While Todoroki negates any progress Shinsou makes, Shinsou very effectively prevents
Todoroki from making any progress at all. The first red flag Shinsou finds is crumpled into a
tight ball and shoved deep into a dumpster, beneath a wealth of cardboard boxes. Another is
painstakingly wedged into the weathered gap between a window frame and wall. Shouta is
grudgingly impressed. The way things are going, he’d say that between the two, Shinsou
actually had the advantage. To his credit, he is getting better at escaping Todoroki’s attention
as the exercise progresses. Given that improvement and failing a change of strategy on
Todoroki’s part, it seems inevitable that Shinsou will eventually manage to get his hands on
all six of his flags simultaneously, while Shouta doubts Todoroki will ever be able to find the
ones Shinsou has hidden. Shouta doubts that anyone could find those flags in a reasonable
amount of time without some kind of quirk to assist the search.
Shouta suspects that Izuku must have exactly some kind of quirk. While Shinsou and
Todoroki push and pull in a complicated dance of sabotage, Izuku has been minding his own
business so entirely that Nedzu has actually begun hissing in frustrated disappointment
whenever the kid manages to pass by one of his competitors completely unnoticed. He
doesn’t touch his opponents flags when he comes across them. He doesn’t touch his
opponents either, and his opponents never even see him, to Todoroki’s obviously mounting
impatience.
Izuku’s search is thorough and methodical. He finds his first three of his flags quickly, but the
next two take him significantly longer, having already fallen into Shinsou’s hands. One had
been dropped down a manhole with a gleefully sadistic laugh; the other was placed in the
cash register of a staged convenience store, which was then locked with the key placed in the
back office, which was then locked with the key slipped into the middle of a stack of
newspapers a block away. It takes Izuku hours to find those two flags, but in Shouta’s
opinion, it shouldn’t even be possible. There must be some kind of quirk involved, not that
Shouta can even begin to guess what.
“Where’s his last flag?” Shouta asks Nedzu when Izuku stops on a rooftop to stare out at the
city after another fruitless hour of searching.

Nedzu raises a paw to his mouth, doing very little to hide the savage grin that spreads across
his face. “Shinsou has it.”
“Oh,” Shouta says. Then, “Oooh.”
It’s a clever move. Once again, Shouta finds himself impressed. Shinsou has been rather
predictable in their training thus far, but in this different environment, different context, he
has managed to repeatedly surprise Shouta with his adaptability and improvisation. Where
would Izuku least expect and least desire to find one of his flags? On a person, a friend,
someone he would be forced to confront if he wanted to win. It runs perfectly counter to
Izuku’s whole strategy. Shouta makes a mental note to try to keep Nedzu’s influence on
Shinsou as minimal as possible. Izuku, at least, has the good nature to cancel out the rat’s bad
influence – Shouta can’t trust the same to be true for Shinsou, who would probably be all too
eager to recklessly overthrow the government.
For a long while, the game continues as it has been, this new information not yet coming to
bear. Izuku moves around the arena like a shadow, scouring every inch of it in search of his
final flag, neatly dancing around detection as he does. Todoroki intercepts Shinsou, though
with continuously decreasing frequency. Shinsou finally manages to keep ahold of four of his
flags, and in another surprisingly development, manages to capitalize on Todoroki’s
mounting agitation to turn the tables and catch him with his quirk. While Todoroki leans
against a wall to wait, very nearly pouting, Shinsou runs off to banish a third of his flags into
oblivion.
On a rooftop several blocks away, Izuku abruptly straightens. He stares into space for a long
moment, mouth pursing. Shouta can practically see the gears turning in his head. Nedzu
giggles to himself. With a wordless exclamation of realization, Izuku knocks the heel of his
palm into his temple and turns exactly in Shinsou’s direction, like a compass needle pointing
north.
Perhaps, Shouta reflects as Izuku hones in on Shinsou like a heat seeking missile, it is for the
better that Izuku has refused to sabotage his classmates. If he were uninhibited, Izuku would
likely be nearly as devious as Shinsou in hiding flags and it would be impossible for his
opponents to hide from his quirk awareness. With the number of abilities at his disposal,
Izuku’s direct interference would make his peers’ participation functionally futile.
Giddy with anticipation, Nedzu enlarges the feed Shinsou is on, an unnoticed drone tracking
him closely as he moves. He has made his way into one of the buildings, wandering through
it until he finds a staged office on the sixth floor, crowded with partitioned desks, chairs, and
filing cabinets. Hardly hesitating, he climbs on top of one of the cabinets, shifting one of the
ceiling panels to the side and tucking Todoroki’s flag into the hollow space between the
levels of the building. Shinsou replaces the panel with a satisfied smirk.
“You’re good at this,” Izuku compliments, perched on top of a desk three down from where
Shinsou is standing. Shinsou yelps, jolting high enough that his head bumps into the ceiling.
The panel he just corrected rains plaster into his hair as it is knocked askew.
“What the fuck?” Shinsou gasps, wobbling for a moment before sitting heavily on top of the
filing cabinets. “Someone needs to put a bell on you.”

“Todoroki’s never going to find that,” Izuku says, nodding toward the ceiling.
“That’s the point.”
“I’m better at finding things than Todoroki,” Izuku says, as much a threat as a warning.
“Nooo,” Shinsou denies pointlessly.
“Give me the flag.”
“What flag?”
“Shinsou.”
“Midoriya.”
“I don’t want to f-fight you.”
“Then don’t?” Shinsou suggests. Nedzu laughs; Shouta groans.
“I will if I h-have to.”
Shinsou had been looking a bit hapless, thrown off balance by Izuku’s sudden appearance and
determined demeanor, but now he gains his bearings and smiles lazily. “Oh? What makes you
think I’ll let you?” Izuku shifts his weight back and forth on his heels. “Nothing to say?”
Izuku levelly meets Shinsou’s challenging stare. He is largely unreadable. Shinsou made a
mistake in engaging instead of seizing his advantage from the very beginning. Gloating
before a fight is won is never a good idea but Shouta is entirely unsurprised that Shinsou
would make that mistake. Shouta waits for Izuku to dash forward, knowing that he would be
able to subdue Shinsou and claim his final flag before Shinsou even realized what happened.
Instead, Izuku says, “Let’s t-take this outside.”
Nedzu giggles. Shouta feels like he forgot the final step of a staircase – like the ground is not
where he thought it should be and he’s not sure whether or not he’s falling as he tries to
figure out what’s happening.
Shinsou’s smile is painfully smug and almost predatory as he counters, “How about this? You
give me your flags and get out of here. Go give Todoroki some trouble, instead. Sounds much
better to me.”
Izuku leaps to his feet. Then he sighs and shakes his arms out, studiously refusing to look at
Shinsou. His firmness is growing increasingly forced, a flightiness dancing under his skin
like he might make a break for it at any moment. Shouta leans forward, intently resting his
elbows against the table as he gets as close to the monitor as he comfortably can. Nedzu
stands on the desk next to him, practically bouncing in place with an uncharacteristic lack of
composure.
“He didn’t,” Shouta breathes.

“He did!” Nedzu crows.
On the screen, Izuku scratches the back of his neck, darting nervous little glances in
Shinsou’s general direction. Sheepish and apologetic, he shrugs, the jerk of his shoulders
more like a spasm than a casual gesture.
“Oh shit,” Shinsou says, flat with shock. He’s gone pale.
“Let’s t-take this out-outside,” Izuku repeats. He makes a sweeping gesture towards the front
of the building, resolutely ignoring the visible tremor of his arm. “I won’t l-let you w-win this
t-t-time.”
Shinsou blinks, opens his mouth then shuts it without saying anything, shakes his head. Izuku
braces himself like he is trying to defuse a bomb, tense and fearful and knowing that there is
nothing he can do if things blow up in his face.
After a long, thick moment, Shinsou laughs. The sound is strained, but not hysterical or
entirely insincere. He climbs down off the filing cabinets, facing Izuku with his own façade
of confidence, just as transparent in his own way.
“Man,” he drawls, over-casual. “I really should have just taken that as the blessing it was,
huh? Screwed myself over with my principles or whatever.”
“Mhmm,” Izuku hums, sagging with cautious relief. “D-don’t look a g-gift horse in the
mouth.”
“I’ve never even seen a fucking horse.”
“Me neither.”
“This isn’t what I was expecting,” Shouta comments dryly as the boys stare at each other for
an awkwardly long second. He’s unsure how to feel about this development. Izuku has
stepped in a minefield and Shinsou has consented to walk it with him. Shouta has no idea
what they’re thinking.
“I have to say the same,” Nedzu admits, rubbing his chin thoughtfully. “Not what I expected
at all.”
“So,” Shinsou says after a silent walk back to the street. “Are you going to give me my quirk
back? Or are we doing this 0 to 104.” The camera here is far enough away and the angle is
bad enough that Shouta can’t say exactly what Shinsou’s face does, but he has seen the kid’s
brain catch up with his mouth enough times to imagine it. “Shit, uh–”
“I’ll g-give it back,” Izuku interrupts before Shinsou’s panicked backtracking can begin in
earnest. “It’ll be, uh – 1 to 103.” Shouta thinks it’s meant to be a joke, as hard as that is for
him to believe, but Izuku is wound tight as he says it. He spits the words out quickly, like he
is desperate to be done with them. Shouta can’t believe he managed to say them at all.
Shinsou laughs wryly and, in increments, Izuku relaxes. Shouta allows himself to do the
same, though confusion still sits like a stone in his stomach.

“Much better odds,” Shinsou scoffs.
“We c-could go 0-0,” Izuku offers. “No q-quirks. Level the playing field.”
“Level, sure. You’re going to kick my ass.”
“I d-did say I wasn’t going to let you win.”
“I thought you meant it more along the lines of not throwing the fight. Not that you just –
wouldn’t let me win. Ever. At all. Because that’s how little a chance I have of beating you.”
“We don’t have to f-fight,” Izuku points out, a hesitantly amused tilt to his mouth, like he is
not sure if he is allowed to smile. “You could just give me my flag.”
Shinsou is shaking his head long before Izuku finishes speaking. “Not happening. You’re
going to fucking destroy me and you’re going to have to live with that guilt. I hope it haunts
you forever.”
Izuku laughs, sharp and startled. “You’re so weird! Come get your quirk back, weirdo.”
“I’m going to cheat,” Shinsou solemnly informs Izuku as they clasp hands. Izuku doesn’t
falter. Shouta feels like he has stumbled into a parallel universe.
“No, you’re not. You’re going to – you’re going to get your ass kicked.”
“Right,” Shinsou sighs. “That’s the plan.”
The fight, when they finally get to it, is brutally short. The verbal sparring lasted at least
twice as long as the physical. Shinsou does, in fact, get his ass kicked, though his growth
over the last two weeks is abundantly clear in the way he moves. He holds up relatively well,
considering that Izuku has five years of incredibly rigorous experience under his belt, while
Shinsou’s training has only just begun. Still, when all is said and done, Shinsou ends up flat
on the asphalt. Izuku searches the pockets of his belt for the final green flag while Shinsou
groans unhelpfully.
“Feel guilty yet?” Shinsou wheezes.
“I don’t know how I’ll be able to sleep at night,” Izuku assures him.
“Good.”
Whatever Izuku says next is lost as Nedzu flips off the audio switch with a sigh. He frowns at
the screen, watching dispassionately as Izuku salutes Shinsou and then runs off towards the
gates. Shouta should probably go up to meet him, but –
“Are you pouting?” he can’t help but ask in disbelief. “Why are you pouting.”
“I’m not pouting,” Nedzu refutes, tugging down his waistcoat. “I was merely hoping that
Izuku would put on a bigger display than that. With the way he was using his quirk, I thought
that he’d finally cut loose a bit. We’ve yet to see what he’s truly capable of.”

Shouta opens his mouth to reply but then just shakes his head. Izuku had cut loose in a way
Shouta had never thought he would get to see, least of all so soon. There was still discomfort
there, Izuku was obviously still afraid and uncertain, but those feelings had gotten small
enough that he could, apparently, push past them under the right circumstances. He had taken
Shinsou’s quirk – he hadn’t needed to, not really, and it had only given him the slightest of
advantages, but he had done it anyway and he and Shinsou had joked about it together. Just
the other day, Shouta had listed addressing Shinsou and Izuku’s avoidance and discomfort
with Izuku’s quirk as a primary goal of their internship. He had thought he would have to
painstakingly coax them into jumping the hurdle and instead they had just gone and knocked
it over all on their own.
Come get your quirk back, weirdo, echoes in Shouta’s ears because Izuku had been laughing
as he said it. He hadn’t even stuttered. And Shouta is grateful, he is, because this is progress.
But he would be lying if he said it didn’t also make him nervous. He has no idea where this
came from, what changed, or if it’s sustainable. Izuku cut loose so abruptly and completely
that Shouta is afraid he is going to get whiplash.
“Let’s head back up,” Shouta says, shaking his head to clear his thoughts. “Izuku is probably
already waiting at the gates. It won’t be long before Todoroki and Shinsou join him and who
knows what the three of them could get up to unsupervised.”
“Oh?” Nedzu asks, perking up as he hops onto Shouta’s shoulder.
“No,” Shouta says sharply. “Don’t get any ideas.”

Due to certain unbreakable laws of the universe, Hitoshi can’t sleep. It must be written
somewhere in the very fabric of existence that Shinsou Hitoshi is not permitted to get more
than one good night’s sleep a week lest the world end, abruptly and tragically. Unfortunately,
through some insane design flaw, the continued existence of the entire universe, perhaps even
the multi-verse, hinges on Hitoshi being poorly rested.
Last night had been so nice. After Aizawa put them through the wringer, Hitoshi had been so
physically, mentally, emotionally, spiritually, everything-ly exhausted that he had slept so
deeply he had practically fallen into an eight hour coma. Now that he thinks of it, maybe he
didn’t fall asleep so much as pass out.
When Hitoshi was younger, he always wanted to have sleepovers. He had yearned for them,
like spending the night in someone else’s home was the pinnacle of happiness and social
acceptance. He revises that opinion, now. Sleepovers fucking suck. Doesn’t being
unconscious kind of defeat the point of spending a huge chunk of time with someone? It’s not
like he can enjoy anyone’s company – or whatever it is people do when they spend time
together – when he’s sleeping. It’s also not like he can fucking sleep, which admittedly puts a
bit of a damper on the whole “sleepover” concept.

Hitoshi mentally shakes his head. Mentally, not physically. Physically he is laying very, very
still, because if he moves, he’ll make noise, and then he might wake Midoriya. Hitoshi would
actually rather die than wake Midoriya. So he can’t move, which means he can’t get
comfortable or get his phone so he could at least have something to look at other than the
ceiling. He’s doomed to laying here like a board until it is socially acceptable for him to get
up and steal Aizawa’s coffee.
“Are you still breathing?”
The question takes Hitoshi so off guard that the air punches out of his lungs.
“Yes,” he wheezes, breathlessly because he realizes now that he had, in fact, been holding his
breath. He doesn’t know why. Leading experts theorize that it’s because he’s a fucking
disaster.
Hitoshi’s blankets had tangled around his legs when he startled, and he sets about righting
them. He can hardly see Midoriya in the dark, just the vague shadow of his head propped up
and the ghost of paleness where his eyes are open.
“You’re awake,” Hitoshi observes.
“I am,” Midoriya confirms.
“Why are you awake?”
“It’s just,” Midoriya sighs. His bedding rustles as he sits up, and then there is a soft chirp as
he drags a pale blob, Lucy, into his lap. Hitoshi is unspeakably jealous. “I’m so eaten up with
g-guilt after totally k-kicking your–”
“Oh my god,” Hitoshi interrupts, amused and deeply irritated by it. “Shut up. I think I liked
you better when you could barely string a sentence together. Why are you such a smartass?”
Midoriya shuts up. As the silence drags on, Hitoshi’s words start to sit uncomfortably on his
tongue. Don’t they always? They weren’t even true. He vastly prefers the Midoriya who
babbles and snarks to the one that stutters and cries. Hitoshi is just a dick.
“Fuck,” he groans. “Sorry.”
“It’s fine,” Midoriya says. He sounds like he means it. He always sounds like he means it,
and Hitoshi is a bit baffled by that.
“It’s really not,” Hitoshi says. “Look, you know I have, um, Saying Shit I Shouldn’t
Syndrom.”
“Right. SSSS,” Midoriya smashes the acronym together into one long hiss. He giggles to
himself before clearing his throat and feigning seriousness. “How could I forget? Go on.”
“It’s chronic,” Hitoshi explains, equally stoic. “There’s no cure and the – the only treatment is
people telling me when I’m being an asshole.”

“You seem to figure it out pretty well on your own,” Midoriya points out. Hitoshi snorts and
rolls his eyes in the dark.
“That’s not the point.”
“You have a point?”
“Rude.”
Midoriya laughs again. “Sorry,” he says, laughter trailing off into something sheepish and
self-conscious. “I sh-shouldn’t – it’s late.” The apology is unnecessary, so Hitoshi ignores it.
What’s he even apologizing for? Having a personality? Hitoshi’s personality is being a tired,
misanthropic bastard, so he’s not really in a position to judge.
“The point is, I’m not usually trying to be – insensitive, or whatever. All that, uh, stuff, it’s
not stuff that I want to be a dick about, okay. So if I say something fucked up I want to know,
right, so I can control my, uh, asshole-ness. I’m working on it.”
“Shinsou,” Midoriya says, soft and firm at once. Hitoshi instinctually looks over to him,
despite being able to see fuck all. “It’s fine, really. I – well, I kind of like it, I guess? Ugh, that
sounds w-weird, it’s just. Everyone treats me like I’m made of g-glass, and I get why, but it’s,
it’s nice to, to h-have–” Midoriya cuts himself off with a frustrated noise.
Hitoshi stares raptly at Midoriya’s silhouette. He closes his mouth and waits. It is probably at
least 2AM, and the room is nearly pitch black, and all Hitoshi can do is listen and wait and
wait to listen. There is something liminal about it. He wonders if it will feel like a dream in
the morning.
Eventually Midoriya speaks again, slow and deliberate, “My friends, Eraser, Mic, Midnight,
Aunt Mitsuki and Uncle Masaru – they all tell me that there’s nothing wrong with my quirk,
that it doesn’t bother them. People like Katsuki tell me that it makes me a monster. You are
the only one who has told me the truth. T-that–” Midoriya’s voice cracks. He pauses for a
long moment and begins again, “That my quirk is terrifying. Because it is. A quirk like mine
has no right to exist. The implications are horrifying, and who’s to say that my father and I
are the only ones who will have a power like this?
“But Shinsou – you aren’t afraid of me. That’s what you told me. That my quirk scares you,
but I don’t. And then you – you make sarcastic little comments about the horrible things I
have done. Most people, they just ignore it, you know. Even me. And I don’t – I don’t want to
talk about it, really, it hurts to even think about, but when I can’t talk about it, when nobody
can talk about, it’s like a sword hanging over my head, because the words are still there even
if no one is saying them. You’re the only one who just says them, like they’re not dangerous.
Or maybe like – like a sword doesn’t have to be used to hurt people.
“I don’t know if it’s fair of me to feel that way, after everything I’ve done, but I want – I want
to live in a world where my quirk and my past are horrifying but I’m not. Where they are a
sword that is safe for me to hold and safe for other people to be around. Where they happened
and they are a part of me that I will always have to live with, but they will never happen
again and they do not define me because I am also more than them! I–” His voice cracks

again, bubbles over into a hitched breath. Hitoshi is completely unsurprised to realize that
Midoriya has started crying, but still feels that frantic discomfort rising in his chest, the
crippling uncertainty about what he is meant to do.
“Oh fuck,” Hitoshi says, which is definitely not the right thing to say.
“S-sorry,” Midoriya apologizes. Hitoshi is tempted to curse again, but resists.
“No, you, don’t – you’re fine. Don’t apologize. You – it’s fine.”
“T-that was w-weird, wasn’t it?” Midoriya asks regretfully after a brief pause. “I d-don’t
think I was even m-making s-sense. I d-didn’t mean to make you unc-uncomfortable.”
“You didn’t. I’m not. It’s just – a lot. I’m, uh…”
“You d-don’t–”
Hitoshi leans up to wave a hand in Midoriya’s face, close enough to be seen even in the dark.
His glower is likely far less visible, but Hitoshi glowers anyway.
“Give me a minute!” he demands. “We can’t all be fucking wordsmiths.”
Midoriya is silent as Hitoshi thinks, trying to wrangle the vague sentiments and unruly ideas
in his head into concrete words. He gets to something halfway coherent and decides that’s
good enough – he’ll wing it from there.
“Your quirk and, uh, everything that happened with it – yeah, that’s a part of you. A part. Just
one part out of a whole fuck-ton. You’re already more than the, uh, bad bits. I trust you with
the sword, alright, and anyone who doesn’t is probably an idiot because I’m pretty sure you
would cry if you stepped on an ant. And honestly, I don’t really get it, but if my being an
asshole helps you believe that, then you’re in luck.” There is a long silence after Hitoshi
finishes and he shifts uncomfortably, suddenly certain that he has said something wrong.
“Are you crying again?”
“No,” Midoriya answers and his voice is steady. “That was just surprisingly eloquent of you.”
Startled, Hitoshi laughs. “Fuck off!”
“Are you still going to insist that we’re not friends?” Midoriya asks. His teasing tone is
quickly becoming familiar. It is as of yet unclear to Hitoshi whether this will turn out to be a
blessing or a curse.
“We’re not,” Hitoshi insists, scrunching up his nose. “Friends are overrated. Cats are all I
need.”
“I’ll change your mind,” Midoriya promises.
If Hitoshi is honest with himself, it’s entirely possible Midoriya already has. But Hitoshi is
not in the mood to be honest, and the very thought makes something hot and spiny twist
around in his chest. He has never had friends. He doesn’t know how to have friends. Friends

sounds like something he would fuck up. Even Midoriya must have a limit to how many
times he’ll be willing to excuse Hitoshi’s missteps.
“Go to sleep,” Hitoshi mutters, a feeble deflection even to his own ears.
“I don’t really need much sleep,” Midoriya says. The shadows under his eyes would beg to
differ, but Hitoshi very polite refrains from saying as much.
“Lucky you. Some of us are insomniacs.”
Hesitantly, Midoriya offers, “I could h-help with that, if you want.”
“What, you keep the cure for my sleep disorder in your pockets?”
“No, I – I have a q-quirk. It can… it can p-put p-people to s-sleep. I could… u-use it,”
Midoriya explains haltingly, stuttering and pausing and trailing off in a way that seems
distinct from his usual anxiety and distress. Hitoshi thinks he’s had enough exposure to tell
the difference.
There is obviously more than Midoriya is saying. Frankly, Hitoshi should probably just
assume that there’s always more to any given situation than Midoriya says. There is a
temptation to hedge the issue, to test Midoriya’s stability like someone might test the
thickness of ice before trusting it with their weight.
Then again, Midoriya’s not ice, and he’s not glass, either. As brittle as he has been in all the
time Hitoshi has known him, he is made of something much stronger. He is strong enough to
make his own choices without breaking under the pressure of them. Trusting him with a
sword – or whatever other convoluted metaphor Midoriya wants to use – means trusting him
not to hurt himself just as much as trusting him not to hurt someone else. And honestly,
Hitoshi would pay just about any price to be able to sleep.
“Alright,” he says. “If you’re sure.”
“I am.”
“How’s this work, then?”
“Just… lay there. I’ll hum s-something. And then it’ll b-be – you’ll f-fall asleep.”
“Think I can manage that,” Hitoshi says. He settles into his pillow, folding his hands over his
stomach and closing his eyes. They ache with fatigue. He cracks one open, peering at
Midoriya’s shadow, all hunched in on itself. “Right then. Sing me to sleep, sandman.”
Midoriya laughs softly, weakly. He is upset, Hitoshi can tell, and he’s glad he can still make
him laugh, if only a little. Maybe they are friends, if Hitoshi wants so badly to cheer him up
when he’s sad. That’s a normal thing for friends to want to do, by Hitoshi’s understanding.
Flushing, he turns away, closing both his eyes and fisting one of his hands in his shirt.
He doesn’t recognize the tune Midoriya hums, but he hears very little of it before blessed,
blissful sleep pulls him under at last.

Shinsou is so desperate for sleep that Lullaby sweeps him away in only a handful of seconds.
Izuku forces his tears to wait until he is sure Shinsou won’t wake up. Panic flashes through
Izuku like a firecracker and he squeezes his eyes shut and takes a deep breath. No – Shinsou
will wake up, he will, just not for several hours, at least. He will wake up, well rested and
grateful, because Izuku did a good thing, Izuku helped him.
Not wanting to wake anyone else in the apartment, Izuku muffles his gasps with his palm. He
makes no attempts to stop the tears even though they trace sticky-itchy lines down his jaw.
The crying is inevitable. There’s nothing to be done for it but wait it out. Even Izuku’s tears
don’t come in infinite supply, as much as it sometimes seems that way.
When it is over, he is exhausted and his pulse throbs in his fingertips, but he feels better for
having cried. Izuku has gotten so used to crying leaving him hollow, like a shell of a person,
stripped raw. His tears were waves that ravaged the shore and left nothing behind but
unrecognizable debris. He feels hollow now, too; there is a new emptiness inside him, but it is
a cavern where all the pain and bitterness and grief had made their home. They have been
washed away and the rest of him has been left behind. This is the kind of crying that is
cathartic instead of catastrophic. He has been tired for hours – hours, days, weeks, months,
years, he has been tired – and now he finally thinks he’ll be able to get some sleep.
First, he gets up, careful not to step on any of the gangly limbs that Shinsou has splayed
about the floor, to visit the kitchen. His mouth is dry and his head aches like his entire skull is
one massive bruise. Todoroki is asleep on the couch, drooling, with Disco stretched across his
chest. Izuku stifles a snort, moving as quietly as he can as he retrieves a glass from the
cabinet and fills it from the tap.
Eraser joins him just as Izuku turns the water off, slipping silently into the kitchen and
leaning back against the counter with his arms crossed. He’s wearing his goggles, which look
incredibly goofy with the brightly colored T-shirt advertising Mic’s radio show. Izuku has a
quirk for dark vision, of course, so he has the privileged ability to forego clunky eyewear.
Glancing back at Todoroki, Izuku raises a finger to his lips.
Rather than speak, Eraser raises his hands and signs, “Can’t sleep?” Izuku shakes his head.
Eraser continues, “How are you feeling?”
Izuku huffs a silent laugh, setting his glass on the counter to sign back, “I’m feeling.” His
vocabulary is still quite lacking – he can usually cobble words together to get his meaning
across, but he can’t carry an actual conversation with any proficiency. Koda must have the
patience of a saint to wade through Izuku’s garbled attempts at communication. Nevertheless,
as soon as it had become habit between them, Eraser had made sure that those two phrases
were in Izuku’s repertoire.
Whatever Eraser tries to say next is lost on Izuku. He recognizes a couple of the signs, but
between the darkness and his own exhaustion, he couldn’t even begin to guess at the whole

meaning. He shakes his head again, shrugging helplessly. Eraser jerks his head back towards
the hallway. That much, Izuku can understand. He nods, picks up his glass, and follows
Eraser back to his and Mic’s bedroom.
“You don’t have to worry about waking Hizashi,” Eraser says, voice low but not quite a
whisper. He switches a lamp on low, dim golden light washing through the room. “He’d be
dead to the world even if his ears weren’t busted.” Sure enough, Mic turns his face into his
pillow but shows no sign of waking with the light.
Digging through their closet, Eraser drags out a couple of blankets and pillows, tossing them
into the corner and kicking them into a makeshift nest that he flops gracelessly into. He pulls
his goggles off, discarding them carelessly and then pulling his mussed-up hair into a
haphazard bun. Izuku would never describe Eraser as particularly put together, but it is still
interesting to see him like this – sleepy and ruffled. There is always a bit of discomfort
clinging to Eraser, so persistently present that it’s unnoticeable until the rare occasion it lets
him go. He drags one of the blankets around his shoulders and up over his head, patting the
space next to him.
“Sit,” he says. “Unless you’d like to stand for this conversation.”
Izuku, who is far too tired to stand for more than a minute or two, does as instructed, making
himself comfortable amid the pillows and burying his toes in an especially fluffy blanket.
“You’ve been crying,” Eraser says.
“Yeah,” Izuku agrees drowsily. “I put Shinsou to sleep.”
Eraser hears everything Izuku doesn’t say. He sighs and purses his mouth, leaning his head
back against the wall and staring into the distance. Izuku curls his knees up and rests his
cheek against them, trying not to drift off while he waits for Eraser to say whatever he’s
thinking.
“Why this sudden change?” Eraser finally asks after what feels like ages and is probably only
a handful of seconds. Izuku hums inquisitively, a request for elaboration. “Just a few days
ago I was still working on getting you to take advantage of the quirks you already have and
now you’re not only using those, you’re also using your base quirk, a possibility I have
barely been able to get you to consider. Today you were joking with Shinsou about things
that, last I knew, you were still borderline incapable of talking about.”
Shame curls like smoke around Izuku’s lungs. “Sh-should I not have?” he asks, picking at his
fingers. “I th-thought–”
Eraser shrugs a hand of his blanket cocoon and drops it into Izuku’s hair, combing his fingers
through the floppy bit that covers Izuku’s ear. “That’s not what I meant,” he assures. “You’ve
done nothing wrong. I was – I was incredibly… happy to see you like that. I just don’t know
how you got there, and that worries me. It seems abrupt. Forcing yourself to make progress
will only backfire in the end. You don’t need to push yourself any harder than you already
have been, and if you push yourself too hard–"

“I’m not,” Izuku interrupts. “I – I have been p-pushing myself, but not t-too much, I
promise.”
“You were already working so hard,” Eraser murmurs. Izuku thinks he must also be very
tired, to sound so melancholic.
“Hard on some things,” Izuku corrects. “There’s a lot of stuff I was just avoiding.”
“You don’t need to tackle it all at once.”
“I know. But–” Izuku huffs, burying his face in Eraser’s shoulder and speaking into the
blanket. Eraser grunts but allows it. Izuku has already said so much tonight. He is tired
enough that speaking seems like a chore, but simultaneously, his tongue is lax and the words
come easily. “Shinsou and Todoroki are trying so hard. They both – all three of us, we all
have p-problems with our quirks. Everyone always told Shinsou that his quirk was vvillainous, but he never stopped trying to use it to be a hero. Todoroki is afraid that using his
fire will make him like his f-father, but now he’s trying to learn to control it for his own sake.
“During the sports festival, I told Todoroki that instead of refusing to use his fire, he should
use it to do g-good things. That was p-pretty hypocritical of me, I think. The most villainous
part of my q-quirk, the part that reminds me of my d-d-d… f-father – I’ve just been ppretending it doesn’t exist, and that doesn’t do anyone any g-good.”
“That’s… very mature,” Eraser finally says. “I’m proud of you.”
Izuku hiccups, caught off guard by the sudden reappearance of his own tears. He presses his
face harder against Eraser’s shoulder, and Eraser wrestles one of his arms free from his
blanket cocoon to pat Izuku’s back. It’s a stilted gesture that makes something agitated deep
inside Izuku finally settle and calm.
“You know w-what?” Izuku asks, wet but bright. “I’m p-proud of me, t-too.”
Laughing and crying feel the same to Izuku right now. That’s okay. For once, they both feel
good, in their own ways. Rain and sunshine can coexist, after all. The sky is at its most
beautiful when they do.

Things decay. It’s what they do.

A warning:
When left on their own, things tend to go from bad to worse.

The same can be said for most people.

Chapter End Notes

Rumor has it that Todoroki’s last three flags still haven’t been found, to this very day.
Nedzu, chanting: Fight, fight, fight!
Aizawa: What the fuck is wrong with you??
Izuku: You’re easy to talk to
Hitoshi: Literally everyone would disagree, but okay
Hitoshi: Midoriya and I are not friends.
Hitoshi: *has a big gay crush*
Hitoshi: We are friends! Just friends!!!
Izuku made a lot more progress in this chapter than I had planned, but that’s okay. He’s
going to need all the mental stability he can get :))
Next chapter: Bloodcurdle – Part IV

Chapter 40: Bloodcurdle - Part IV
Chapter Notes

Hi hi. Told ya I’d be back. Thank you thank you thankyouthankyou to all the people
who have read and re-read, and left comments and re-comments. I read them all, they
are dear to me, this chapter and all other chapters would not exist without them. Future
chapters also will not exist without them. Hint hint. (This is a bribe, I am bribing you.)
On the short side, here. Turns out that writing and rewriting my original stuff has made
me more concise. Parts of this chapter I really like! Other parts I am skeptical of, side
eying them. Tempted to let the chapter Marinate, you know, but it’s been so long. I guess
I reserve the right to edit.
Also, changed all the end segments of Bloodcurdle. Might have traded down in some
ways, tbh, but the old structure was too forced and I couldn’t keep up with it. Like the
flow of the new one better.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Hurry up,” Aizawa orders flatly from the door.
“Yeah, yeah,” Hitoshi replies, unhurried.
Technically, he’s already good to go. It’s Midoriya who’s holding them up, sat on the floor
near Aizawa’s feet, tugging roughly at the laces of his boots. He mumbles another apology.
So yeah, it’s not Hitoshi’s fault that they’re running late or whatever, but if he takes
advantage of the delay, who can blame him? Really, he’s just being efficient.
“Hear that, Todoroki? Better get a move on. Oh wait…” Todoroki meets Hitoshi’s smirk with
a blank stare. “I hope you don’t get too bored here, holed up in the apartment while we’re on
patrol.”
“I’m also going on patrol,” Todoroki says. Disco nudges his head against Todoroki’s ankle,
and Todoroki doesn’t even look down. Definitive proof that something is really not right with
this guy. “I just don’t need to catch a train to get there.”
“Right, of course,” Hitoshi agrees insincerely. “Patrolling around the radio station. I’ve heard
crime has been running rampant there — nothing like calm, peaceful Hosu.”
Todoroki frowns. “Crime rates have spiked in Hosu since the appearance of the Hero Killer.”
“I know. Thanks for explaining the joke.”

Todoroki frowns harder. Hitoshi sighs. There’s something to be said for confusing Todoroki
— it’s definitely entertaining to see him try to decipher Hitoshi’s bullshit — but he just
doesn’t take any of the bait Hitoshi is willing to throw out. It’s tragic. Sometimes a guy just
wants a fight, and Todoroki looks so fight-able.
Despite allegedly being on different internships, the three of them, Hitoshi, Midoriya, and
Todoroki, have been doing everything together for the last few days. Training together, eating
together, living together. Really, Hitoshi has just been seeing far too much of Todoroki’s face.
And Aizawa’s. Yamada’s, too. Look, Hitoshi isn’t programmed for this. He’s the type of
person who needs at least an hour of solitude a day to function. He doesn’t think he’s spent
this much continuous time around people ever in his life. Well, maybe when he was a baby,
when he was so fresh and squishy he couldn’t be trusted not to choke on his own spit or
something. Hitoshi can’t remember that, though, so it doesn’t count.
Today is the first time their internships have actually diverged, Hitoshi and Midoriya with
Aizawa and Todoroki stuck with Yamada. Hitoshi gets why — limelight, blah blah, civilian
interaction, yada yada, Todoroki is as socially competent as a plank of wood, etc etc.
Midoriya had given Hitoshi the whole spiel when he had first started teasing about it. Except
for that last part; that was Hitoshi’s extrapolation.
As Midoriya finally bounces up from the ground, Aizawa snags Hitoshi by the high collar of
his jacket, leading him through the door as if Hitoshi was the one holding them up. Hitoshi
waves around the door as he is ushered through it.
“Try not to die!” he calls back to Todoroki. “Sucker.”
Midoriya eyes him. Hitoshi smiles.
“You’re kind of being an asshole,” Midoriya informs him after a moment.
“What?” Hitoshi gapes. “I’m not! I meant it, you know. I don’t want him to die; that’s nice of
me.”
“That’s not nice. That’s normal,” Midoriya laughs. He waves a hand, “But I was talking
about the part where you called him a sucker.”
“That’s just the truth.”
“But you shouldn’t say it.”
“So you agree that he’s a sucker?” Hitoshi asks, grin spreading back across his face.
“I acknowledge that it’s your truth,” Midoriya counters. It’s good enough for Hitoshi, who
raises a triumphant fist that Midoriya immediately grabs and effortlessly manhandles back to
Hitoshi’s side.
Midoriya seems good this morning. He seems a bit lighter. He’s been laughing a lot. After
last night, Hitoshi had been a bit worried. He had slept like a baby, but he would have felt
like shit if the rest had come at Midoriya’s expense. Hitoshi is 100% sure that Midoriya

would fuck himself over to help someone else, and Hitoshi may be a selfish asshole but he
really doesn’t want to be that someone.
Walking three steps ahead of them, Aizawa sighs, half-turning his head to stare them down
out of the corner of his eye. Hitoshi pulls his hand away from Midoriya, and hides it behind
his back like the picture of innocence that he is. Hopefully Aizawa didn’t notice. Hitoshi
doesn’t want him getting the wrong idea. Mostly, Hitoshi doesn’t want to die, and he’s pretty
sure Aizawa would kill him if he thought — well.
Someone on the sidewalk snaps a picture of them as they walk past, and fuck, Hitoshi’s ears
are going to be red in this candid photo on a stranger’s phone. That people are looking at
them only makes his face feel hotter. He puts on his flattest expression.
Really, for heroes, they draw hardly an attention at all, but people do notice them.
Understated as their uniforms are, they still stand out from normal street wear, especially
Midoriya’s tactical gear and fucking bunny ears. Not to mention that both Hitoshi and
Midoriya were on the podium at the Sports Festival. Yeah, Hitoshi won that shit, low key the
best moment of his life, but he won’t miss the staring when he becomes yesterday’s news. At
least they are discreet enough that no one cares to try to stop them. Hitoshi can only handle
so many compliments from strangers before he develops some kind of complex.
“So,” Aizawa begins after they have settled into their seats and the train has begun to move,
“codenames. When you’re in your uniform, you cease to be civilians. Who am I working
with today?”
Midoriya sits up straight and glances over at Hitoshi, the classic are you going first or am I
going first? glance. Hitoshi, in contrast, slouches further into his seat, smiles maybe a touch
insolently, and answers without hesitation.
“Mindfuck.”
“No,” Aizawa responds just as immediately.
“Mindfreak,” Hitoshi amends graciously. Aizawa accepts this without comment, which was
all part of Hitoshi’s grand scheme. He’s been planning to use Mindfreak from the beginning.
Not because he doesn’t want to use Mindfuck — he thinks it would be a major power move,
and he’ll die on that hill — but because he knew he would never get away with it. He just
wanted to see Aizawa’s face, fuck with his mind a little, if you will.
“Izuku?” Aizawa prompts. Hitoshi tips his head against the back of his seat, waiting out the
pause as Midoriya bites his lip, staring fixedly at Aizawa’s forehead.
“Rogue,” Midoriya finally supplies, with unexpected confidence given how long it took him
to come out with it.
“Kinda boring,” Hitoshi says, followed by the completely expected grimace as he realizes
what just came out of his mouth. Midoriya shoots him a look, a little pouty and a little
reproachful, and all Hitoshi can do is shrug helplessly because it’s the truth even if he
shouldn’t have said it.

“Boring is fine,” Midoriya says. “Being forgettable is part of the point.”
“It’s a good name,” Aizawa says, meeting Midoriya’s eyes with a nod. Hitoshi shrugs again.
Whatever cloudy emotion caused Midoriya’s hesitation before clears into a sunny smile.
There is obviously a lot Midoriya isn’t saying. There always is.
“Mine’s good, too,” Hitoshi states, because if he wants it said, he’ll have to say it himself.
“Mindfreak is a great name,” Midoriya affirms, and he’s not even humoring Hitoshi, he’s all
sincere about it. Hitoshi doesn’t understand him at all. It’s amazing.
Midoriya pats Hitoshi’s knee. It’s becoming obvious that Midoriya is a tactile person, all
touchy-feely, with his hands and heart both. Pats and elbow jabs and serious conversations.
Hitoshi supposes it’s not entirely surprising. Growing up with villains probably left him all
touch starved and shit.
Hitoshi’s not really used to the contact either, though. Actually, he’s so far from his comfort
zone its barely a dot on the horizon. Well, goodbye and good riddance. It was kind of lonely
there, not that Hitoshi would ever admit that. No such thing as loneliness when there’s always
at least two stray cats in the alley next to your apartment building. He stares at Midoriya’s
hand, and then stares at Aizawa who is already staring back, and fuck.
Aizawa sighs.
“Hey, look at that!” a man calls from down the train, too loud for a public space, and an
absolute godsend because he saves Hitoshi from Aizawa’s judgment. Not that Hitoshi is
doing anything wrong. “That building just exploded!”
Okay, maybe godsend was the wrong choice of words. Hitoshi should not be grateful for that.
Aizawa goes rigid and is on his feet a moment later. He’s not the only one. Curious
passengers get up to crowd around the windows, murmuring to each other with more
excitement than concern, which might be even more inappropriate than gratitude, in Hitoshi’s
opinion.
Midoriya has sat up straight as a board, eyes trained on Aizawa but going hazy in that distant
way they do when he’s training, even as he reaches over to wrap a hand around Hitoshi’s
forearm in a grip that is just this side of too tight.
“Oh, there, look!” another man crows. “There’s smoke!”
The crowd around the window grows as Aizawa abandons it, striding back towards his seat
with an intensity Hitoshi has never seen on him.
Hitoshi looks up to the roof as the intercom crackles to life. A moment of faint static before a
pleasant voice announces, “Passengers, please hold on to your seats.”
Midoriya holds Hitoshi with one hand and grabs Aizawa with the other.

“What?” one of the passengers by the window asks. They’re not even in a seat to grab a hold
of, the land-based version of up shit creek without a paddle.
“Brace yourselves,” Aizawa mutters, voice low and foreboding above Hitoshi’s head as he is
pulled into a huddle. They are all of the sudden in uncomfortably close quarters, and
Midoriya’s face is way too close. He stares right through Hitoshi, at something only he can
see. Whatever it is, his mouth twitches between a grimace and a snarl.
Hitoshi doesn’t know what he is bracing for. He isn’t even entirely sure he knows how to
properly brace himself. Not that it matters. He doesn’t think there was much he could have
done to prepare for the train lurching out of its rails.

When everything goes to shit, they fall into each other and onto the floor, but they don’t go
flying. Shouta manages to shield both of the boys’ heads, tucked under his arms and against
his chest, a hand fisted tight against each of their skulls. There is a moment of intense wind
and screeching noise, of gravity and the floor moving out of sync, and then there is
screaming. That’s good. Silence in a disaster area is never bodes well.
Izuku makes a concerning noise, choked in his throat. It’s better than silence, but not good,
it’s bad, and Shouta shoves both boys back, herding them into the mangled gap between two
rows of seats. The back of his necks prickles. Other passengers flee past them, reckless and
terrified, and Shouta can’t do anything about it because, as shitty as it is, he has more
important people to worry about. Izuku clutches at Shouta with blunt nails, bitten edges
catching on fabric. Izuku tugs with surprising force, eyes wide and panicked, mouth moving
like he wants to say too many things at once. Blood stains the grooves between his teeth.
“Nomu,” Izuku whispers, a shape on his lips more than a sound.
Part of Shouta already knew that. He swears under his breath, twisting until he can observe
the monster from behind cover. This one is different than the last, but its also unmistakably
the same. Sickly green skin, long limbs scrambling in a grotesque way, slack mouth, four
blank eyes set into exposed grey matter. The nomu is humanoid, but it crouches beast-like
above the prone form of hero Shouta doesn’t recognize, one massive hand closed around the
man’s skull, grinding it into metal in an all too familiar way. Hold unyielding, Izuku follows,
scrambling forward on his knees. Shouta only manages to observe the situation for a second
before Izuku drags him backwards.
“Not again,” Izuku says.
When Shouta thinks of the first time he met Izuku, he thinks of the infirmary. He thinks of
bandages and a migraine so bad he can barely see past it. He thinks of a child swamped by a
bright yellow hoodie three sizes too large. He thinks of careless decisions.

In many ways, that was the moment Shouta met Izuku. But it wasn’t the first time. Shouta
prefers not to think of the first time, though the physical repercussions make that hard most
days. The USJ wasn’t the first time Shouta had lost a fight, but it was the most painful losing
had ever been. Shouta had been at the end of his rope, the brink of unconsciousness. Izuku
had been crying.
The first time they met, Shouta had wanted very badly to protect Izuku.
And Izuku had wanted very badly to protect Shouta.
Shouta forgets that part, sometimes. That Izuku had felt just as helpless, just as inadequate as
Shouta that day. Remembering makes his throat feel tight, but he doesn’t have time to
decipher what exactly it is he’s feeling. He grabs Izuku by the back of the neck, squeezing
just slightly until the kid stops vibrating out of his skin.
“This is different,” Shouta says, because it’s the truth. He doesn’t claim that he’ll be fine,
because that could prove to be a lie.
“It’s worse. The nomu, there’s six of them, and-and I think Iida needs help, and T-Tomura…”
“No.”
“But Tomura—”
“Will kill you if he gets the chance,” Shouta interrupts.
Izuku hands go slack, his grip on Shouta falling away when he flinches back like he’s been
slapped. He tumbles back into Shinsou, who startles, pale and wide-eyed and folded up
surprisingly small for such a tall boy. Izuku stares at Shouta, silent and striken, for a long
second before his face goes stony.
“We need to get you out of here,” Shouta says, meeting Izuku’s eyes levelly.
“What about Iida?” Izuku asks, biting and unfamiliar. “He’s one of the good guys. You’re just
going to leave him?”
“Manual—”
“Manual isn’t with him. He’s run off on his own like I knew he would, and I’d bet anything
that he’s looking for the Hero Killer. I know how this ends if I don’t do something about it.”
Izuku starts to stand, and Shouta’s mind is racing too fast for his body to catch up. Shinsou
strikes out, grabbing Izuku’s arm with both hands and tugging at him, almost childishly. It is
easy to forget sometimes, with Izuku carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders and
Shinsou trying so hard to act aloof, but they are so young. Just children.
“You can’t fight the Hero Killer,” Shinsou hisses. “And have you forgotten the giant fucking
monster in here with us? You gonna fight that, too?”

“I could. I have before,” Izuku says. Shinsou’s face creases with a pained resignation that
echoes in Shouta’s chest. “But I won’t need to.”
Izuku has spoken too loudly. He stands, rising to his feet despite Shinsou’s futile attempts to
keep him down, even when Shouta activates Erasure. By the time Izuku is fully upright, the
nomu is already on them, hands digging into the debris they had been using as cover, head
looming over them. Shouta drops his quirk and pulls Shinsou — frozen stiff, staring at the
drool that has dripped onto his pants — behind him.
Izuku meets the monster’s eyes, says, “Stop,” and nothing more.
The nomu stops.
Behind Shouta, Shinsou laughs like barbed wire, sharp and painful, tangled in his throat.
Shouta curses fervently. “They listen to you. Of course they listen to you.”
“I am my father’s son,” Izuku responds, a fact, an explanation, and a barb all at once. Like
inevitability, like futility.
“Fuck your father!” Shinsou yells over Shouta’s shoulder.
In that moment, Shouta is blindingly, breathlessly grateful for Shinsou Hitoshi. He is a pain
in Shouta’s ass. He is exactly like Shouta in all the most unpleasant ways. He’s harboring
some weird bullshit for Shouta’s son. But Izuku blinks back at Shinsou almost like he is
waking up, and his eyes lose that distant coldness that they’ve had since Shouta had so
unceremoniously dismissed Shigaraki’s proximity.
“Parts, remember?” Shinsou says nonsensically, ducking out from behind Shouta to grab at
Izuku’s hand. He talks, quick and clumsy. “You’re fifteen. You’re a smart ass. You’re weird.
You’re smart. You’re kind. You’re my friend. Stop letting the bad shit define you!”
Izuku frowns faintly, hesitating for a moment. “I need to be here,” he says finally, shaking his
hand out of Shinsou’s. Shinsou’s face, more expressive than Shouta had ever seen, shutters in
stages, until he is looking at Izuku with the bland disdain he usually reserves for everyone
else.
“Well,” he bites, “fuck you, too, then.”
Izuku stares at the ground, chewing on the inside of his cheek. “There’s five more of them,”
he says, gesturing apologetically to the dormant nomu hovering nearby. “You don’t know
what they can do. I can’t just let them run wild when I can stop them with a single w-word.
And someone needs to stop Iida.”
“And that someone needs to be you?” Shouta asks flatly. Izuku doesn’t look at him, doesn’t
acknowledge him at all besides the barest shrug of his shoulders. “The city is teeming with
heroes. We can send someone his way without—”
“Right,” Izuku scoffs, “because heroes are so reliable.”

Between his generally kind disposition, his enthusiasm for quirks, and his steadfast desire to
redeem himself, it is easy to forget that Izuku harbors an intense resentment for the industry
he’s ostensibly trying to join. Unlike most people, Izuku is more inclined to doubt a hero than
trust them. He sees nothing glamorous, nothing noble, nothing inherently good in the
profession. It’s Nedzu’s favorite thing about the kid.
Turns out that Shouta had forgotten a lot of things while they were playing house.
“You cannot be on an active battlefield with the League hanging around.”
“Make me,” Izuku challenges. Pointedly, he holds his arms out in front of himself, hands
fisted and wrists together.
The cuffs are a cold, heavy weight against Shouta’s ribs. He should use them. Maybe he
should have gotten them out the moment the arguing started. Defiance is not a good look for
someone in Izuku’s position. There are a million reasons that Shouta should draw the line
here, and they scroll through Shouta’s mind like the credits of a movie, like an ending.
This is a test.
Shouta is used to teenagers pushing boundaries. Every year, his classes like to poke and prod
to get a feel for just how much they can get away with. Occasionally, a student will make it a
bit more personal, trying to see if Shouta really cares about them, trying to see what it will
take to make him stop.
Izuku’s testing thus far has been so ginger, so meek, that Shouta hasn’t prepared himself for
this at all. Force Izuku home, keep him safe, keep the scrutiny away, and lose everything
they’ve built. Let him go, risk him getting injured or worse, risk the Commission coming
down on their heads, risk losing everything.
There is no winning.
If Shouta is going to lose something, he would rather have someone else take it from him
than destroy it himself.
“We go together,” he says. Izuku’s reaction is a fraction delayed, and he flexes his hands as is
arms fall back to his sides.
“Together,” he echoes. “I… I don’t know if we have time for t-together.”
“Say what you mean,” Shouta demands, a bit too sharp. Izuku still regards him with caution,
though at least the cold opposition has drained away.
“I think I found the Hero K-Killer. And I think Iida’s about to find him, too. He’s less than
two blocks away.” Shouta closes his eyes and takes a breath, probably wastes a valuable
second in doing so. Izuku continues, “I can get there. I’m fast enough. I might be able to
intercept Iida or at least hold things off, at least until you get there.” An olive branch. He will
go alone, like he always does, but he knows he doesn’t have to stay that way, at least.
“This is not your job,” Shouta says.

“But I’m the only one who can do it.”
“Go,” Shouta permits. The word has to fight to get through his teeth. “Send me the location
as soon as you can. You have my full permission to use your quirk as necessary.”
Izuku nods and points out into the city. “Start moving that way.”
“Midoriya,” Shinsou calls, stumbling forward as Izuku steps back to go. Izuku pauses,
wavers in place as Shinsou clenches his jaw. “Try not to die.”
Izuku smiles, brighter than the words or situation calls for. “That’s nice of you,” Izuku says.
And then he is gone.

Izuku is his father’s son.
He is powerful. He is discontent. He is going to change the world.
Lots of people talk about change, and sometimes, slowly, those words are put into action. But
the people who really change the world are the ones who see a problem and do something
about it. Izuku’s father taught him that.
Hosu hasn’t been evacuated. There are five more nomu attacking people indiscriminately. So
many things are burning, the air is thick with smoke. At least one building has collapsed.
There are still people inside. The heroes in the city are stretched thin to breaking. They are
pulled in a million directions. Everyone is screaming. They cry for help. They cry for All
Might. When no one comes, they just cry.
Izuku is tired of picking lives.
There was a tourist, a European, with overgrown facial hair and big square glasses. The man
could make copies of himself, mute but intelligent enough to operate with some
independence.
There was a school girl. She was so young. She was wearing her uniform, with the waistband
of her skirt rolled over twice to make it shorter. She could blow force fields through the loop
of her fingers like bubbles.
An old woman with pictures of her grandchildren in her pocket. She could partially heal
people by splitting the injury. Her knees had been red, like she had skinned them recently.
A boy who could make his fingers harder and sharper than diamond.
A woman who could project pictures into people’s minds.

A man who could manipulate force vectors.
A boy who could mimic any sound he heard.
This is not your job, Eraser said.
But I’m the only one who can do it, Izuku replied.
There are a lot of things that only Izuku can do. 103 people have died for Izuku to be able to
do those things. He thinks it’s past time that he starts doing them.

Hitoshi picks his way through the mangled remains of the train, toward the gaping whole that
now decorates most of the side, making in the direction Midoriya had indicated before
disappearing in the space between blinks. He is stopped by a hand on his shoulder, and
adrenaline jolts through him even though he knows that Aizawa was right behind him.
Excepting the two of them, the nomu which has been stopped still as stone since Midoriya
gave the order, and the hero that had been tackled into the car, they are alone.
Hitoshi eyes the prone man. Given that he hasn’t moved, he is probably dead. The blood
pooling beneath his head is probably telling, too. Well shit. Poor dude. He probably had no
idea he was going to die when he woke up that morning.
“Shinsou,” Aizawa says, squeezing Hitoshi’s shoulder. Fuck, Hitoshi had nearly forgotten
about Aizawa. “Are you with me?”
Yes, Hitoshi is. He really, really wishes he wasn’t.
If Hitoshi is being honest, he’s scared as fuck and he doesn’t want to be here. Vaguely, he
wonders what that says about him — if he’s a coward, if he should be ashamed — but the
introspection is muted beneath all the terror, like a whisper under a scream. Hitoshi is scared.
He’s not a hero. He’s not even in the hero course, yet. He never will be if he dies here.
Hitoshi could die here. Other people are.
“I’m good,” Hitoshi says. Aizawa keeps him pinned in place.
“I didn’t ask if you were good. You’re not. I’d be concerned if you were. I asked if you were
with me.”
“Yeah, yeah, I am.”
“Look at me,” Aizawa orders. When Hitoshi doesn’t comply quickly enough, he’s twisted
around to face Aizawa, grabbed by both shoulders now. Aizawa presses down, a grounding
pressure.

It is a little easier for Hitoshi to think when he’s not staring at a corpse.
“Are you with me?” Aizawa asks again.
“Yeah,” Hitoshi repeats, and this time he is mostly telling the truth. Mostly seems to be good
enough for Aizawa.
“I need you to know what we’re walking into,” Aizawa says. He is serious now, not just flat
and dry and impassive like he usually is. “It is going to be loud. There are going to be a lot of
people. They’re either going to give you orders, ask for help, or ignore you entirely. You stay
with me, no matter what.”
“Midoriya’s going to be okay, right?” Hitoshi can’t help but ask as they get moving again.
“He had better be,” Aizawa responds.
Aizawa navigates the rubble quickly; Hitoshi follows like a clumsy shadow. It is clear that
Aizawa is in a rush, understandably so, just as much as it is clear that Hitoshi is slowing him
down. There’s not much to be done about that. He is more coordinated than he was two
weeks ago, at least.
A nomu skids across the street in front of them, close enough that the gravel thrown up by the
impact stings against Hitoshi’s face. The monster ambles back to its feet, turning jerkily back
the way it came, away from Hitoshi and Aizawa, at least, towards some other unfortunate
fool.
On a dark backdrop of smoke, concrete, and busted streetlights, Hitoshi nearly misses
Midoriya’s muted colors. It’s the red shoelaces that give him away, that little indulgent pop of
color, just seconds before he lands on the nomu’s hunched shoulders. Hitoshi didn’t see
where he came from, but he must have jumped out a window or something since he definitely
fell from above, and that’s exactly the kind of crazy thing Midoriya would do.
“Rogue!” Aizawa calls. Hitoshi, surprised enough to freeze when the nomu does, scrambles
to stay behind him. Midoriya has deployed the visor on his headgear, a glossy thing that
obscures most of his face, but does nothing to hide the shocked parting of his mouth. Aizawa
is clearly mad, striding forward as Midoriya, still perched on top of the nomu, frantically
shakes his head. Then Midoriya gestures, an odd motion of his hands that draws Aizawa up
short.
“Oh,” he says, inscrutable. “How many?” Midoriya holds up both his hands and splays them
in the air. “Do you know where he—” Midoriya points before Aizawa can get the sentence
out, and with a curt nod, Aizawa takes off in that direction.
“Why are we leaving him?” Hitoshi gasps, breathless and shaky as he runs after Aizawa,
nearly tripping over himself when he hazards a glance backwards.
“That’s not him,” Aizawa replies, curt but enviably even. His phone pings. “Looks like we’ll
finally get to see some of the tricks he has up his sleeves.”

No one knows what they’re doing.

A fact:
No battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy.

All is fair in ————— war.

Chapter End Notes

Honestly - Mindfreak? Not my favorite Hitoshi name. But come on. He would. Dumb
little idiot. Love him.
Aizawa: We’re going to miss our train
Izuku: tRAIN??
Izuku: …Pavlovian response, sorry
Hitoshi: We’re friends.
Izuku: I still have to fight.
Hitoshi: Friendship REDACTED.
Hosu: *is burning*
Hitoshi: This is fine.
Next chapter: Bloodcurdle — Part V
I’m working full time now, and I have a decent amount of down time that I try to use for
writing, so the next upload gap is probably going to be shorter. But like, short relative to
9 months, still gotta be patient with me.

Chapter 41: Bloodcurdle - Part V
Chapter Notes

It’s Time.
CWs in end notes.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Light glints off the crest of Iida’s helmet as it clatters to the alley floor near Native’s prone
body. In Izuku’s opinion, Iida’s costume is among the better ones of class 1-A. It makes
sense, considering the Iida family’s legacy. They’ve had generations to refine their designs, to
turn their name into a brand. Gleaming white and silver, Iida’s costume reminds Izuku of a
paladin from one of Tomura’s games.
Iida wears it terribly.
Paladins, after all, are meant to fight for a cause. Iida has all but decided to die for nothing.
Above the alley, Izuku stands at the roof’s edge and sends his location off to Eraser with a
few quick taps of his thumb. His heart pounds against his sternum, hard and fast and
irregular; his hands shake as he zips his phone into one of the pockets on his belt. Izuku
keeps his breath deep and even, the only thing he can control to keep himself grounded. He’s
not sure why his body is going so haywire. Adrenaline? Fear? Exhaustion? This is hardly
Izuku’s first fight, hardly anything new. The Hero Killer could run Izuku through with one of
his swords, and he still wouldn’t be the worst thing Izuku has faced.
There’s a tightness in his throat too, but for once Izuku feels far from tears. He thinks he
might be angry, actually.
Izuku finds the fire escape, taps the upper railing twice before jumping over it. The metal
creaks ominously as the entire structure shifts and readjusts, and Stain’s head snaps around to
survey the commotion with narrowed eyes and bared teeth. He snarls then, as Iida shifts in a
quickly-thwarted attempt to take advantage of the momentary distraction. The tip of Stain’s
blade digs in between Iida’s eyes, a shallow but merciless warning that makes Iida draw back
with a hiss, head cringing into the concrete. Blood flows instantly, tracing a thin path over the
bridge of his nose and along the curve of his cheek. Stain’s tongue traces over the tip of his
sword and Iida goes slack with a thin whimper.
Between Stain’s distraction, Iida’s responding movement, and the aid of Wallflower, Izuku’s
soft landing goes entirely unnoticed. From the side, carefully at the periphery, he reaches
forward and taps the flat of Stain’s sword twice.
The slight pressure against his weapon is enough to tip off the Hero Killer, and his eyes,
dilated and crazed, find Izuku in an instant. In the same instant, his sword is pulled roughly

from his hands, and Izuku grabs him by the wrist, twists his arm back, and sweeps his feet
out from under him. A reverberant crash echoes around the alley as the sword slams into the
fire escape with enough force to make the entire frame shudder yet again. Until Izuku says
otherwise, the two are bound together as tightly as two magnets can be.
That Stain hardly flinches when Izuku puts him on the ground is a testament to how
formidable an opponent he is. Laser focus, lightning reflexes, adaptable fighting style.
Combined with his immobilizing quirk, it’s no wonder Stain has managed to murder so many
pros, leaving law enforcement trailing five steps behind. On their knees, hunched
uncomfortably to keep their arm from snapping in Izuku’s grip, most other people would be
down for the count, but the Hero Killer has already unsheathed a new knife from somewhere
on his person. He twists in Izuku’s hold, flexible and seemingly undaunted by the possibility
of harming himself, and Izuku is forced to release him and skip back a step to avoid getting a
dagger in the gut.
“Midoriya?” Iida questions, faint and incredulous. His voice is strained, forced out of his
throat. Stain has already rolled away and climbed back to his feet.
“A friend come to rescue you. How nice,” he sneers, an absurd mix of mockingly saccharine
and viciously derisive. To Izuku, he speaks with blunt dismissal, “There’s no point in trying
to save him. Run along home. Playing hero will only seal your fates together.”
The alley is a dead end and the Hero Killer stands near the back of it, separated from Iida and
Native and the rest of the city only by Izuku and a prayer. His posture is coiled and predatory,
unnervingly still in a way that reminds Izuku of the nomu. Stain grins like a rabid dog does
— with too many teeth and too much tongue. He looks more like a monster than a man.
Well — the worst of the worst may look like monsters, may live like monsters, but they still
die like men. Izuku knows that better than most. Bits of loose gravel grind beneath the treads
of his boots as he shifts his feet apart and settles into a defensive stance. He slips his fingers
around one of the small knives concealed on his thigh.
“I’m not a hero,” Izuku says. “And I’m not playing.”
His heart is still pounding, but his hands have stilled. It is definitely anger he is feeling. It
tastes like cinnamon on the back of his tongue, sweet and hot. He thinks he understands why
Tomura likes it so much. His blade is steady when he pulls it out, and he flips it effortlessly
around his fingers, just to show that he can. Stain is not the only one who has spilled blood
over the honed edge of a knife.
“Midoriya,” Iida repeats, urgent and choked with tears. His voice is just a buzzing in Izuku’s
ears, as easy to ignore as a stray fly. As easily swatted as well, if he doesn’t have the sense to
stay quiet.
Stain straightens slightly. When he stares at Izuku now, his eyes are clearer, assessing Izuku
as something more than an obstacle or a pest. Izuku doesn’t allow himself to relax, doesn’t let
his guard down. He doesn’t move. He hardly breathes. There’s no doubt that Stain could
pounce in a second, that he will the instant Izuku does something to set him off. As much as
Izuku is prepared for a fight, as much as part of him is oddly aching for one, the less time

they spend in combat the better. Eraser won’t be long, but someone like Stain only needs a
second to kill someone.
After a tense moment of eying Izuku, Stain speaks. “I recognize you. That unprincipled manchild leading the so-called League of Villains called you a traitor.”
Something in Izuku’s chest lurches, like a rib finally snapping beneath the pressure
constricting his lungs.
“Unprincipled?” he echoes. He won’t argue the truth of the statement. In his whole life,
Tomura has only fought for three causes: All for One, Izuku, and himself. Tomura is
destruction, driven by anger, and directed by boredom or loyalty — or in more recent weeks,
vengeance. From Stain though, the statement is infuriatingly hypocritical. “Tell me about
your principles, then.”
Stain narrows his eyes, but he seems more intrigued than anything else, even with the spite
that has worked its way into Izuku’s voice, welling up from deep inside him like blood from a
wound. For the first time, Stain stands to his full height, head tipped at an angle, arms fallen
to his sides. He still holds a dagger in his hand, but it is easy to miss like this, and he very
nearly manages to seem sane.
“The word hero meant something once.” There is a grand irony to a man preaching about
heroism breaths after encouraging a person to abandon someone in need, but Stain is deaf to
it. “A person who did great deeds. A person who served other people. These scum calling
themselves heroes, they go where the cameras are. They go where the money leads them.
They have titles and costumes and when they save someone, their name is bolded in
headlines. It’s about them — always, always about them. These heroes worship money, and
the people worship these heroes, and they are all so blinded by the glamor of it, no one even
sees the cracks that others are falling through.”
There is a conversation to be had, here. A conversation about society and quirks and
corruption and revolution. Izuku has had lots of talks like that. In an office. In a bar. In a
warehouse. There is an opportunity to be taken, as well. Izuku wants to keep Stain talking
and this is something Stain wants to talk about.
“And how are you helping, exactly?” Izuku asks, which is a different conversation all
together. This is the question they can never answer. They will tell you that they are building
a better house, but never how the house is better, never how they will keep it from falling
apart just like the current one.
Where spite had left the villain unphased, the outright antagonism that Izuku can no longer
restrain makes Stain’s spine curve, a manic sneer shredding his facade of rationality. Izuku
knows he’s being foolish — knows he’s angry, knows that anger makes people act rashly,
knows that very well, he knows — but Stain has the audacity to sermonize to corpses in dark
alleys like he’s some kind of messiah rather than a two-bit bogeyman, and all the while he
won’t even deign to call Tomura by name.
“I am the plague,” Stain replies, as if he has been sent by god. “I am the purge. Until this
world realizes its mistake, I will cull the herd. Move, child,” he commands harshly. “I

wouldn’t like to have to kill you tonight.”
“But you would, wouldn’t you?” Izuku challenges. “Because you’re not half as principled as
you’ve deluded yourself into thinking.”
Stain isn’t as different from Tomura as he’d like to pretend. They both just destroy things
they don’t like. Tomura, at least, is honest about it, and by virtue of that alone he is already
more principled than Stain has ever been. Stain, who hates false heroes, and will use that
hatred to justify any murder he commits, only after the blood is on his hands.
Izuku activates Bullet Time just as Stain starts to move. He’s had the quirk on the back burner
this whole time, a lucky bit of foresight, considering that Stain has already halved the
distance between them in the split moment it took for time to stretch across Izuku’s eyes.
Izuku sees Stain coming, and he sees the knife, and with another quirk tossed into the mix, he
can even see the arc the blade is most likely to take. But here’s the thing — there are two
important components of decision making in combat: processing time and reaction time.
Bullet Time only helps with one of those.
Izuku has plenty of time to see, to process, to analyze. He does not have time to move. A few
speed enhancement quirks probably could have made up the difference, but dashing about
like that would mean leaving Iida exposed. And Iida is a fucking idiot, and right now, with a
war drum for a heart and magma in his throat, Izuku kind of hates him, or at least hates every
decision he’s made to end up in this alley, but Iida doesn’t deserve to die for it.
He deserves to go home, and he deserves to see his family. He deserves for his father to tell
him he’s so glad he’s safe in one sentence and then ground him for the rest of his life in the
next. He deserves to see his brother and tell him that he loves him, and both of them — they
both deserve a chance to have a new life, different now because things have changed, but just
as good, maybe even better, because the end of one thing is only the end of everything if you
let it be —
Inevitably, Izuku gets stabbed in the hand. The knife was coming for his chest, and he had
wanted to get his forearm up to block it, to deflect the attack with the armor that plates him
from wrist to elbow, but moving in Bullet Time always feels unpleasantly like moving
through waist-high water while fighting a current. The blade slips between the knuckles and
tendons of his middle and ring finger, passes right through his palm and jolts his arm back
hard enough that he very nearly gets stabbed in the chest anyway. There is a moment, long
seconds where Izuku’s nerves fire off like fireworks, not all at once, but slow through the
syrup of Bullet Time, one after another, bright and loud.
Then time slams back into place, just as Izuku’s own knife slams into Stain’s neck. Low
down, towards his shoulder, slightly above his collar bone, nicks off the bone about an inch
and a half in. The attack is rushed, sloppy and ill-coordinated, and Izuku isn’t sure if he
actually hit his target. He thinks he might have been aiming for Stain’s throat.
“Killing the players doesn’t fix the game,” Izuku says into the small space between them. The
scent of blood sits heavily there, metallic and scalpel-sharp. “Heroes die every day, and we

just pump out more of them to fill the ranks. You’re not changing the world; you’re not
saving anyone. You’re just another crack.”
Izuku can hardly control the fingers of his left hand. They tremble violently, which only
jostles his wound, but all he needs is to tap the metal of Stain’s weapon twice to magnetize it.
Even a twitchy tap counts, and as soon as he’s done it, Izuku yanks his hand away with the
unforgiving haste one might use to rip a bandage off. A splatter of blood follows the arch of
Izuku arm, nothing like the spray Izuku knows it could be. It still gets everywhere. It blends
into the rust-red bricks of the walls around them, soaks dark marks into the concrete beneath
their feet, dots freckles across their faces. Small spots dye the pale wrapping around Stain’s
eyes to match the crimson trail of his scarf.
“His quirk!” Iida yells, speaking for the first time since Izuku engaged Stain. His voice is
stronger now, and Izuku suspects that Stain’s quirk is beginning to wear off. Still, his speech
is slow and stilted in comparison to Stain’s movement. With Izuku’s blood already on Stain’s
knife, Stain’s hands, Stain’s face, Iida never had a chance of warning Izuku in time.
Of course, Izuku doesn’t need a warning. He isn’t entirely sure how Stain’s quirk works. He
doesn’t know, for instance, why Iida seems to be recovering before Native, though he does
have his theories. He doesn’t know everything, but he knows enough. Likely knows
everything that Iida knows and more. Izuku has known from the moment he was stabbed.
Izuku disarms Stain just as he had when he first entered the fight. Two more quirks take care
of the pain and bleeding in his hand, numbing and sealing the wound. Three quirks in the
time it takes for Stain to open his mouth, for his tongue — long, pointed, and obscenely
prehensile — to sneak out and flicking against his cheek, retreating behind his teeth, lashing
out again, like a snake scenting the air.
Then, in that bare moment where Izuku can still move, he does so without thinking at all.
And Izuku is — he’s angry. Izuku has never been angry like this, before. He has rarely been
angry at all. It’s like cinnamon on the back of his tongue. Sweet and hot. The longer its there,
the hotter it gets, until it’s not like cinnamon at all.
Anger — real anger — is a chili pepper. It burns. Hot enough to hurt. It makes your eyes
water and your nose run and your stomach roll. That’s your body’s way of warning you off.
Of saying, This is not good for you. This is toxic.
Instead of listening, Izuku eats it raw.
He has never burned before.
It feels better than drowning.
Izuku can barely feel his left hand, can’t feel it move, but he sees it wrap around Stain’s
tongue, sees it and is grateful that the numbness means he can only feel the flexing wetness
of it faintly, at the very tips of his fingers. His right hand hasn’t been deadened, Izuku can
feel that one, but in a distant way, like maybe it’s fallen asleep, and he still sees it more than
feels it.

Sees himself raise his knife. Sees himself pull Stain’s tongue just taut enough to get the blade
between his fist and Stain’s mouth. Sees himself swing his arm upwards in a single, smooth
motion. Sees his own fingers lurch mechanically, trembling as he opens his fist and lets
Stain’s severed tongue fall to the ground. It’s as easy as that. A knife from Hatsume Mei was
never going to be anything less than razor sharp.
The knife falls to the ground next as Izuku’s fingers go slack. His knees give out, crash into
the concrete, he sways, tips forward. One of his arms catches beneath him, palm to the
ground, forearm held rigid by the armor plating there. First to protest is his wrist, then his
elbow, then Izuku numbs the whole limb. He can still hear it snap, but he doesn’t have to feel
it. His ears ring as his head hits the ground, grit scraping across his forehead and the tip of his
nose. His knife is somewhere near his hip and he can feel the point of it biting into his skin.
From the corner of his eye, Izuku can see the chunky soles of Stain’s boots, can see the man’s
shadow shifting as he moves. Blood drips steadily from above, splashing onto Stain’s toes,
starting to pool on the ground.
Izuku thinks of blood on concrete. He thinks of blades and executions and of what it means to
kill someone kindly. The best death is a quick one, Izuku had thought. A person like Stain
only needs a second to kill someone, which is quick, but it certainly won’t be kind.
His boot presses Izuku’s face further into the concrete, grinds against his ear like he’s nothing
more than a bug. The blood keeps dripping. Izuku hopes the villain fucking chokes on it.
Stain may only need a second to kill someone, but he’s exactly the type of sadist who draws
these things out. Unfortunately for him, Aizawa Shouta only needs a second to save a life,
and he’s not arrogant or fool enough to waste an opening.
Izuku can’t see Aizawa, can’t see what’s happening, but he hears the commotion. The
commotion’s name is Shinsou Hitoshi.
“Hey fuck face!” Shinsou shouts, breathless and vitriolic. “Pick on someone your own size!”

There is blood in the alley.
Not as much as there could be, but too much. Too much because Shouta’s fucking kid is here,
has been here, alone with one of the most prolific serial killers Japan has seen in years, for
nearly ten minutes.
Shouta recognizes Native slumped against the wall, blood smeared down to the hero’s form.
He’s alive. His eyes are open, and they lock on Shouta before swiveling frantically towards
the others, as if there was any way Shouta hadn’t noticed them.

Iida is prone on the ground, blood on his face and one of his legs. He’s alive. He began
shouting the moment Shinsou announced their presence, and his arms are twitching slightly
by his sides.
Izuku is a dark, still shape, only a couple of meters away from Iida, and directly at the Hero
Killer’s feet. Beneath the Hero Killer’s feet. He has a boot on top of Izuku’s head, and a
dagger above his spine. Blood leaks steadily from the villain’s mouth, falling in fat droplets
against Izuku’s hair, his ear, his neck, his shoulders. He’s alive.
He has to be alive.
There is barely a pause between Shinsou’s declaration and the Hero Killer’s attack. He
springs at them, leaping over Izuku like he’s just another piece of ruble in the ruined city. The
man is fast and deadly, but he’s also used to brief, one-on-one fights, used to ambushing
targets and taking them down before they even realize what they’re up against. Shouta is fast
and deadly as well, and Izuku may not have bothered to tell him anything about the Hero
Killer’s quirk before running off, but Shouta doesn’t need to know.
The Hero Killer has already faced three other opponents tonight. Native and Iida may not
have given him much of a fight, but Shouta has no doubt that Izuku fought like hell. The
Hero Killer’s injuries were proof enough of that. Shouta doubts that Iida was the one to stab
the man in the neck.
Shinsou stumbles back a few steps at the rapid approach, but Shouta catches the Hero Killer
easily, binding him in his capture weapon, and slamming him against the wall. His skull
cracks against the bricks, not nearly enough to kill him, but it does knock him unconscious.
No doubt he’ll have a headache to rival one of Shouta’s when he wakes. Definitely a
concussion, probably a severe one. Normally, Shouta wouldn’t approve of using such force.
Shouta prides himself on a lot of things. His rationality is chief among them, especially when
it comes to his work. There are few heroes that can keep as level a head as Shouta can in the
field, who can efficiently and appropriately prioritize their response to a scene like this.
He has done it right, so far. Assess the situation. Neutralize any immediate threats. The next
step is to ascertain the condition of anyone else on the scene. Both Iida and Native are stable,
and Izuku might not even be alive — so it is Shouta’s job to check on him. It is not Shouta’s
job to drop to the ground, to skid on his knees to Izuku’s side. It is not his job to touch
Izuku’s hair, so so lightly, like he might break — and Shouta honestly isn’t sure which of
them that he is referring to.
Scrambling around on the ground to see Izuku’s face is not rational or level-headed. Entirely
ignoring Native and Iida and Shinsou is not appropriate or efficient. Slamming the Hero
Killer against the wall as hard as he did and wishing ardently to do it again is not heroic.
Shouta is proud of his hero work. He takes his job very seriously. But at the moment, he is
not proud; he is terrified. And at the moment, he is not a hero; he is a parent.
Izuku’s eyes are glazed, but he blinks blearily, and relief slams into Shouta like that fucking
nomu slammed into their train at the beginning of the night. It is surprisingly hard not to drag

Izuku into his lap, to cling to him the way Shouta has never wanted to cling to anyone, except
maybe Hizashi, and even then only on the worst days of their lives. Shouta wants to hold his
kid so fucking bad, and he knows he can hardly even touch him, because he doesn’t know
what kind of injuries Izuku may have, and jostling him risks doing permanent damage.
“Hey ‘zawa,” Izuku says, slurred and broken, muffled because slightly because more than
half of his face is squished into the ground. Shouta can see abrasions along his forehead,
skims his thumb over one of them. Shouta leans over, keeps Izuku’s head between his arms
while carefully not touching. Strands of hair, stiff and tacky with any manner of grime, brush
against the tip of his nose.
“How are you feeling?” Shouta asks. His voice is embarrassingly rough, but the place Shouta
is in right now is so far from removed from embarrassment that dignity isn’t even a footnote
in his considerations.
“I’m not,” Izuku says. Then adds, “Physically, I mean. It's a quirk. Nerve deadening. Can’t
really feel anything.”
Shouta can’t help but snort. He hunches further over Izuku and presses a hand over his eyes.
He is used to them burning, but he’s not used to them being wet. He hasn’t been this afraid
since he was a teenager. He doesn’t think he’s been this relieved ever.
“Holy shit,” Shinsou says. “That’s a tongue.”
“Yeah. It’s Stain’s,” Izuku confirms as Shouta spine snaps straight. His eyes find the muscle,
discarded like a hunk of bad meat.
“Why is it on the ground? Instead of, you know, his mouth?”
“I cut it out,” Izuku responds flatly. Shinsou pales slightly, resolutely turning away from the
gore, looking to Izuku with a crease between his eyebrows. Then he looks back to Shouta. If
he notices that Shouta struggles to keep his attention from drifting, Shinsou doesn’t call him
out.
“So, uh, what are we going to do about that?” he asks, jerking his head in the Hero Killer’s
direction.
“Tie him up,” Shouta replies, pulling out a coil of the cable he prefers to use to bind criminals
while waiting for the police to pick them up and tossing it Shinsou’s way. Shinsou fumbles
the catch, juggling the coil in the air for a moment before securing it in his hands. He looks
first at the cable, then at the Hero Killer, face nearly blank but for the apprehensive twitch to
his mouth.
“He’s out,” Shouta assures. Under normal circumstances, he wouldn’t be so sure, because
such certainty flirts with disaster, but he’d already acknowledged that he’d been too rough in
apprehending the Hero Killer. “I wouldn’t have you near him if I thought there was a chance
he’ll be waking up any time soon.” Admittedly, under normal circumstances, Shouta
probably wouldn’t let Shinsou near such a dangerous criminal, regardless.

“I’ll send out a message,” Shouta continues, communicator already in hand. “Then we wait
for someone to make their way to us. It shouldn’t take too long if I mention that we’ve
detained the Hero Killer. Though the city is in shambles tonight, so there may be a delay.”
The wait has blurry edges. It is intolerably long and surprisingly short. Shouta sits by Izuku,
keeps touching his hair, almost compulsively, and finally gets his shit together enough to
check in with Iida and Native. Shinsou stands just to the side like a sentry, eyes fixed on the
mouth of the alley, except for the little moments where they dart to Stain or Izuku — to one
with fear and the other with concern, but to both with apprehension. Izuku stays quiet, mouth
flat and eyes flinty, like cut gems. It is a complicated expression, one Shouta has never seen
Izuku wear before.
The paramedics are the first to arrive, and when they do, the red and blue of their emergency
lights wash into the alley and splash across the walls like strobes. Things shift second to
second, too much between each blink, like the world is missing frames.
The facts are these:
The paramedics arrive first. Native and Stain are both taken directly to the hospital. Iida’s left
leg can’t support his weight. Izuku’s left arm is broken in three places. Both boys will need
surgery. All three will need therapy. Shouta is bullied into taking a shock blanket.
The police come next. A pair leave immediately to pursue Stain. The rest stay behind. They
attempt to ask questions. Shouta tells them to call Tsukauchi. He says nothing more.
The pro heroes are last. They’re not needed, but they come anyway. Endeavor’s fire flashes
brighter than the police lights. His glare is hotter than his flames. Shouta stands between him
and Izuku. People are still screaming blocks away.
The nomu—
The night’s not over. One battle has been won, but the war still rages around them. Shouta
has been processing the aftermath like he would write a mission report, all the while failing
to realize that they haven’t actually made it to the after, not yet.
Shouta is standing between Izuku and Endeavor. Izuku is within arm’s reach. Shouta wants
him closer, but Izuku had brushed him away. Izuku’s eyes droop each time he blinks. Without
seeming to realize, he leans his shoulder against Shinsou’s, who stands stiff and pale besides
him.
Izuku looks small, even as he glowers at the ground. He looks small, and tired, and Shouta
wants to take him home, shove a cat into his arms, and insist he rest.
He is so, so small. And the nomu is so big. And Shouta is so fucking useless.
No one sees it coming until it is already on top of them, dropping from the sky and rising
back up just as abruptly. It’s leathery wings carry it in a jerky, lopsided flight, and carrying
Izuku along with it.

He had been within arm’s reach.

Reality is an unstoppable force.

A regret:
The light at the end of the tunnel is only the light of an oncoming train.

Hope is not an immovable object.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
Cannon-typical blood, violence, and injury.
Stabbing, dismemberment, and broken bones.
PTSD, emotional dysregulation, shock.
The violence is relatively graphic, but most of the emotional and mental health things
are more hinted at then explicitly elaborated on.
-----Izuku: I’ll defeat you with the power of friendship and this knife Mei gave me!
Izuku: Tomuraaaaa! It’s my turn with the angry trauma response!
Tomura: What? No! I’m not done with it!
Hitoshi: Pick on someone your own size!
Hitoshi: …For clarification, I mean Eraserhead.
Hitoshi: ………Please stay away from me.
----The cycle continues! You bribe me with comments, I bribe you with chapters. It's quid
pro quo :))
Next Chapter: Bloodcurdle - Part VI
(aka the LAST part of Bloodcurdle)

Chapter 42: Bloodcurdle - Part VI
Chapter Notes

A reunion. Of sorts.
Nothing is as bad as it seems. Except Tomura. He is probably worse. Wind him up and
watch him go :))
CWs in end notes.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

It is so anticlimactic that Tomura is nearly disappointed. Then again, the traitor doesn’t
deserve anything grand. He hits the ground with a heavy thud, dropped from 10 feet up by a
nomu that disappears as quickly as it comes. He pushes himself onto his elbows, face veiled
from Tomura by the dark and tangled mass of his hair. It’s longer than it was during the sports
festival.
“Look at this, Kurogiri!” Tomura laughs. It’s a high, giddy sound that is rusty in his throat,
like a creaking hinge. “What are the chances? RNG’s on my side tonight.”
Kurogiri merely hums. It’s not the amount of enthusiasm the circumstances call for, but
Kurogiri rarely cares the right amount about the right things, and Tomura rarely cares. The
warp gate can be as dry and boring as he likes so long as he does his job. Tomura doesn’t
keep him around for his sparkling personality. Tomura is getting less and less sure why he
keeps him around at all, actually.
The traitor is still on the ground, where he should be, all low and pathetic and weak. His
silence grates on Tomura’s nerves. His voice would grate, too, with the warbling tones and
anxious stuttering, but the silence is worse. Like Tomura doesn’t deserve an explanation, like
everything that has happened between them isn’t even worth the pretense of apology. Maybe
— maybe the traitor is just resigned, maybe he realizes that there’s nothing he can say to save
himself now; maybe he realizes that Tomura is the judge, jury, and executioner here. He was
always so smart, he should be able to recognize futility when it’s bearing down on him.
Tomura’s lips crack and sting around his grin. “Nothing to say?” he prompts.
Finally, the traitor looks up, bold enough to meet Tomura’s eyes through the gaps in the
broken glass that extends from his head gear. He pulls himself to his feet, brushing dust off
the ridiculous costume he’s wearing, the sheep’s skin he’s decided to parade around in. For
all that he’s a stranger now, he hasn’t changed much over the last month. His eyes are still as
wide and puppyish as ever. With eyes like that, a person can get away with murder. Tomura’s
grin twitches into a sneer. The skin of his neck crawls but he keeps his hands by his side,
fingers loose and open and ready because he is going to need them.

The traitor brings a hand up to his chest, rubs a circle flat and stiff over the place where his
heart would be if he had one. Kurogiri hums, a different note, more drawn out, like a
wordless language that he has never bothered to share with Tomura.
Well fuck it, then. Fuck them both. No one wants to talk to Tomura, then Tomura won’t
bother with talking. They’re past that, anyway. Words have always been flimsy things,
pretending at power.
Tomura stalks a step forward. Apparently, the traitor’s lack of of self-preservation wasn’t part
of his little act, because he steps forward as well, closing the distance between them when
anyone with a bit of sense would have made a break for it. He reaches for Tomura, but the
movement is so slow and direct that Tomura bats him away effortlessly. He reaches again and
is deflected just as easily.
“What’s all this?” Tomura scoffs. “You’ve always been soft, but you could hold your own in
a spar, at least. A few weeks with some heroes and you’re already this dull?”
The traitor just shakes his head, reaching yet again for Tomura, for his face. Sensei had
always raved about his son’s strategic genius, but it’s not the supposed prodigy with all the
power here, now is it? Yet more proof that Sensei chose wrong, as if the rust-colored puddle
stained into the pores of the warehouse’s concrete floor wasn’t enough.
Tomura growls through his teeth, grabs the traitor by the arm and tosses him to the ground.
It’s easy; too easy. Tomura steps over him, straddles him with a foot on either side of his hips.
Those green eyes just stare at him, up and up and up. The traitor puts his hand to his heart
again. Irritation bubbles in Tomura’s chest, urgent and impatient. The traitor’s hand is
wrenched out of that stupid gesture when Tomura kicks at his arm, pins his fingers beneath a
shoe. Tomura crouches to glower at him.
“What are you playing at, Midoriya?” Tomura demands, drawing out each syllable of the
name. It’s the name of a liar, of a boy who Tomura has never even met, of a history erased
and rewritten. The name is an accusation, an outlet for that bitter thing curled around
Tomura’s ribs, but the traitor doesn’t react, not even when Tomura shifts his weight to grind
the brat’s fingers harder into the roof. Not even when the bones give, sooner than Tomura
would have expected, with a pitiful little snap, like the cracking of a dry twig.
It’s a small noise that has Tomura flinching like a gunshot. It didn’t matter how hard they
were training — there were rules. Izuku could be bent, but never, never broken. For all that
he was a crybaby, Izuku’s pain tolerance was monstrously high, but no matter how stoically
he bore it, Sensei always, always knew.
But the retribution Tomura has braced for isn’t coming. The hand that touches his face is
gentle. The feeling that fills him is gentle, too. It’s a soft foam that expands in his chest to
cradle his insides. There is a shape to it that Tomura recognizes but can’t name, familiar
words in a foreign tongue.
Tomura thinks that maybe everything is going to be alright. He’s tired of this — of fighting
and being angry and being alone. He can rest now.

Beneath him, the traitor offers a tentative smile.
There is a desperate edge to the thing in Tomura’s chest.
Please, it begs. Please. Please. Please.
Tomura grabs the traitor by the wrist and wrenches the hand from his face. That full feeling
shrivels up and drains away in an instant, leaving Tomura sharp and hollow and himself
again.
What a dirty trick, trying to manipulate him like that. Like he’s just some NPC, cycling
through the same blandly pleasant dialog options even after his life has gone to shit. As if.
Actions have consequences. Life is tailored by the choices you make. Sensei chose wrong, so
now he’s dead. The traitor chose wrong, so he’s got to die. Wasn’t it ironic? The traitor
murdered the one person who would have done anything to protect him. Sensei had been his
staunchest defender, and Tomura always did what Sensei wanted, because Tomura wasn’t a
deceitful little ingrate. Izuku could be bent, but never broken.
Well, with Sensei dead, Tomura can break whatever he wants. Who’s going to stop him?
Kurogiri? Then Tomura will just break him, too. He’ll break the whole fucking world. Snap it
over his knee like the cheap, fragile thing it is.
Tomura holds the traitor by the wrist. The sleeve of his costume is a thick, sturdy fabric that
probably held up well against most stressors, but Decay is an unstoppable force. In less than a
second, Tomura’s fingers are flush to skin that is already scarred from the last time they
touched like this, all those years ago.
There is nothing.
No cries. No struggle.
No blood.
Decay eats through fabric and flesh and bone, spreading gray cracks up his arm and down his
palm until the traitor’s — the fake’s — hand is severed entirely, falling to the roof top like a
hunk of wax. The fake watches, solemn and mournful, and allows it. Tomura’s fingers go
straight for those sad green eyes when he grabs it by the face, and it allows that, too.
In the end, Tomura is hunched over so much dust, hands sinking into the roof as he braces his
weight against them, heaving for air that tastes like ash. He digs his fingers in, creating
handfuls of grit and gravel from solid concrete. It’s a filthy mix, and it smudges in soot-like
smears over his skin as he scratches at his neck, stains his hair when he tugs at it. He chokes
out a wordless, inarticulate noise. His throat is tight around a scream he refuses to let free. It
grates through his teeth as a growl.
Tomura had forgotten that Kurogiri was even there, until the man speaks. “Shigaraki
Tomura,” is all he says. It’s all he ever says, so heavily it’s become a burden, like he has
made Tomura’s name itself into a chastisement, a warning, a curse.

“Where is he?” Tomura asks, soft. “Where is he. He’s got to be close, to be — to be mocking
me like this. How dare he?”
That lifeless hand still lies to the side, grotesque in the way of a shitty Halloween prop.
Tomura drags it closer, its stiff fingers pulling trails through the ash of its body. He picks it
up. It’s far too small to cover his face like Father had, but he slots it there for a moment, all
the same.
Like a child, peering through the cracks of their fingers at something that scares them,
Tomura feels stronger like this; peering at the world through the cracks of the fingers of
something he had broken, Tomura remembers that he is the thing they should all be afraid of.

It’s funny.
Not all that long ago, Hitoshi really had thought that the world had something against him,
some kind of vendetta held by the universe itself, solely to make him suffer. Because people
were mean to him, they didn’t like his quirk, only his father cared and even he didn’t care the
way Hitoshi wanted him to. Hitoshi had been entirely convinced that he was the most
miserable 15-year-old to ever live — and ironically, he’d only been able to think that because
he had gotten lucky, because he had been sheltered from just how really, truly cruel the world
could be.
It had to be cruel, to keep piling shit on Midoriya. Midoriya Izuku, of all people, whose
middle name may as well have been something nauseatingly wholesome, like sunshine or
kindness. Sure, he was on Hitoshi’s bad side at the moment. It hadn’t exactly been easy for
Hitoshi to verbally acknowledge their friendship. He’d been exerting himself to the max for
the entirety of that little pep talk, heart on his sleeve wondering what the fuck it was doing
there, and Midoriya had ignored it, because Midoriya sucks, actually. Hitoshi’s not just going
to let go of a slight like that. Oh no, no, no. He’s planning to sulk about it for a good long
while, and he’s going to make that Midoriya’s problem. Except—
Well, Midoriya isn’t on Hitoshi’s bad side, not really. In fact, Midoriya isn’t at his side at all.
He had been there just a moment ago, and now he’s gone. This is what it looks like, when the
world has something against someone. An empty space at Hitoshi side where a boy is
supposed to be.
Oh.
That’s not funny at all, actually.
See, Hitoshi has gotten used to being useless. Between Aizawa and Midoriya and the blow to
his ego that was the beginning of his training, Hitoshi knows that he’s usually the least
competent person in the room. But he’s not used to this. To everyone standing around, wideeyed and shocked. Each of them as useless as the last.

It’s not surprising that Hitoshi ended up on his ass after that monster swept in and out of his
space, so quick and so close. Unlike all the other times he’s ended up on his ass, it’s not even
embarrassing, because Hitoshi doesn’t have room for that right now. Shock and panic are
about the only things he’s got the capacity for, and as the shock ebbs, as he realizes what has
just happened, the panic only swells to fill the empty space.
He scrambles to his feet, except he kind of forgets the part where he has to actually stand up,
and tries to skip straight to running to Aizawa. The end result is getting where he’s trying to
go, but more by trip-falling than walking. He crashes into Aizawa’s side, the two of them
stumbling a step together before Aizawa catches them, only just steady enough to keep them
standing.
“Do something,” Hitoshi demands.
Aizawa stares at him. He’s making a face. Hitoshi has cataloged four patented Aizawa Faces
since the man took him on. There’s one that Hitoshi finds pleasant— a look of reserved but
sincere pride that Hitoshi has been seeing more frequently but still not often. The other three
all drive him a little crazy. The wicked, spine-chilling grin; the unimpressed resting bitch
face; the judgmentally knowing stare that’s always followed by a sigh. This new, fifth face is
the worst by far.
“Do something,” Hitoshi repeats. He has one hand tangled in his own capture weapon,
pulling it away from his neck reflexively, desperately, as if there’s anything he can do to help,
as if he hasn’t only had the thing for a couple of days, as if he hadn’t nearly choked himself
with it multiple times during their last training session. Midoriya had laughed at him.
Where the fuck did that moment go, huh?
Aizawa keeps looking at him, with that face that Hitoshi refuses to call hopeless or scared
because Aizawa isn’t supposed to feel those things. He’s not allowed to feel those things. If
Aizawa can’t do anything, then how the fuck are the rest of them supposed to manage?
Aizawa has to be able to fix this, because if he doesn’t then who will?
It’s Todoroki’s piece-of-shit dad who steps forward, hands raised in front of him as he lashes
out with a rope of fire that lunges forward like a beast let off its leash. It eats a bright strip
through the sky. There’s a moment where Hitoshi is both relieved and horrified, a moment
where he simultaneously thinks thank god, a hero and dear god, an asshole. And then the
street is dark again, except for the police lights and the afterimage burned behind Hitoshi’s
eyelids.
“What the hell are you thinking?!” Aizawa barks. Endeavor whirls to glare at him, but he’s
far less intimidating without the flames wreathing his face. Aizawa meets the glare,
unflinching, eyes red and furiously hot, as if he had stolen Endeavor’s fire instead of merely
snuffing it out.
“He’s getting away,” Endeavor growls, gesturing upwards towards the retreating monster and
its captive.
Hitoshi blinks. He, Endeavor had said. Not it.

A man who treats his own children like tools isn’t one who would give a humanizing
pronoun to a monster. No, he’s the type who dehumanizes actual people. As far as a man like
that is concerned, a boy with villains in his past is just another monster those villains made.
Something thorny squirms in Hitoshi’s stomach. Midoriya Sunshine-and-fucking-Kindness
Izuku. Of all people. He cries when anyone is nice to him! He can’t stand to call a cat a
bastard, and Bastard is the cat’s name! He would destroy himself to help someone else! He
literally did tonight, running off to save Iida’s dumb ass! Why can’t the world just leave him
alone? Some people want monsters so fucking badly that they’ll throw the label around until
they make one.
Not of Midoriya Izuku, no. Never of him. He’d be a martyr before he’d be a monster. But
Hitoshi is spiteful, and contrary, and — unlike Izuku — he’s not fucking nice, and all this
bullshit is honestly starting to piss him off.
“You know what?” Hitoshi asks. Aizawa has an arm around him before he can even start
moving. Hitoshi doesn’t bother to struggle against him, sneering at the number fucking two
hero, who looks back, disdainfully dismissive, as if nothing Hitoshi says or does can touch
him. Hitoshi spits at him, then laughs bitterly because that sure does touch him, alright.
Hitoshi’s aim is fucking impeccable, thanks. “The Hero Killer should have started with you.”
Endeavor’s flames flare back to life. Hitoshi can hear his spit sizzle against the man’s chest,
which is equal parts hilarious, disgusting, and terrifying. The barring arm across his chest
becomes more of a defense than a restraint, but Aizawa isn’t looking at him, or even
Endeavor. He’s looking up. He sucks in a sharp breath.
Above them, Midoriya squirms in the monster’s grip. From this distance the details are
getting hard to make out, but the movement looks feeble. He twists, dragging one arm up to
grapple against his captor, while the broken one still hangs limply beneath him. The creature
barely seems to notice. And then, somehow —
Midoriya is falling.
The monster must have dropped him, but where did it go? It showed up and grabbed
Midoriya without anyone noticing it, and Hitoshi doesn’t trust this little disappearing act. But
the monster’s whereabouts matter less than Midoriya’s — he’s at least forty feet in the air and
that distance is shrinking rapidly.
Aizawa is already running. Hitoshi follows after, though there’s really no point in it. Aizawa
is faster by far, and he’s not pacing himself for Hitoshi’s sake like he was when they were
moving through the city.
Not that either of them are going to make it.
They both run anyway. They need to. In the end, it serves no purpose, but it’s a still a need. A
soft rain begins to fall. There’s a stitch in Hitoshi’s side. He can hardly breath. His mouth
tastes like iron.
Midoriya falls slowly at first, then faster, then —

He hits the ground thirty feet before he should. His body bounces. Makes a terrible noise.
Above him, the air wavers, like a purple heat haze that lingers for only a few beats before
shrinking back into itself and disappearing.
It’s déjà vu, watching Aizawa fall to his knees by Midoriya’s side, hovering with restless
hands and a frantic energy. Hitoshi slows to a stop a small distance away, watching but not
exactly welcome. Aizawa has all but forgotten that anyone else exists and doesn’t seem like
he’d appreciate company at the moment. Not that Hitoshi blames him.
The rain is warm. Hitoshi swipes it away from his brow with the back of his wrist. Color
catches his eye, a bright smudge of red against his skin. He’s bleeding. When had he gotten
hurt? In the train accident, maybe. That was… well, it was probably only about 45 minutes
ago, but Hitoshi still thinks he would have noticed it before now. It’s on his hands, in little
droplets. Small spots of red bloom across the gray fabric of his capture weapon.
There is blood on the side of Aizawa’s face. There is blood dotted on the windows of the
storefronts. There is blood on the cars lining the street. There is a circle of carnage all around
them. Midoriya is covered in it.
The rain — which is not so much rain as a fine, red mist — ceases to fall.
Well. What do you know?
Looks like Hitoshi has found the monster.

Shouta is a man of action. Not in the reckless, brute force way of people like All Might, but
planning and analyzing are just as active as punching, and, Shouta would argue, far more
valuable. Anytime it seems as if Shouta is doing nothing, he’s gathering information with the
intent to act. And if there’s no viable course of action for him to take? In that case, Shouta
would rather take a nap than be involved at all.
While the paramedics do their work — stabilize Izuku’s limbs, strap him down, transport him
to the ambulance, barking orders at each other the whole way — there is nothing Shouta can
do but watch and get in the way.
“In or out?” the woman who has taken charge asks him. She is lit under the harsh lights of the
ambulance’s interior, while Shouta is washed in the oscillating reds and blues of the
emergency lights outside. Her face is stern, but her hand is gentle against Izuku’s pulse point.
She has some kind of diagnostic quirk; her eyes glow a faint, soft green that dims and
brightens in time with Izuku’s heart beat. It makes the irregularities in his pulse all too
obvious.
Shouta takes a breath. He swallows. He compartmentalizes.

He shuts his eyes and takes a step back from vehicle. With his eyes closed, Shouta doesn’t
see the doors shut, but he hears the heavy, metallic finality of it. He hasn’t had trouble
yielding responsibilities to the people equipped to handle them since he was young, but for
all that Shouta’s efforts are best put to use elsewhere, he can’t let Izuku out of his sight
without feeling like he’ll never see him again.
Not that keeping Izuku close had made much of a difference.
He had been within arm ’s reach.
But Izuku isn’t the only person Shouta has failed tonight. He has two other students here. Iida
is sitting in the open back of a second ambulance, leg tightly bandaged from just above his
engine to his upper-thigh, holding himself by the elbows and avoiding all eye contact.
Someone has given Shinsou a cloth, and he sits on the ground not far from Iida’s feet, back
pressed against one of the vehicle’s wheel, uncaring of the mud and debris caught up in the
tire treads as he scrubs at his skin with vacant intensity.
The fallout won’t be any easier than the fight, Shouta knows. It’s just as hard, in different
ways. The mending of bones, of flesh — Shouta can’t help with that. He can’t do anything
for Izuku until he wakes up. This though — the police, the public — this is something Shouta
can deal with.
Quickly, he sorts through his priorities.
Shinsou, who is fractured to the brink of breaking. Iida, who is cracked down to the
foundation but falling apart in slower increments. Then and only then, Izuku, who has
already shattered and who Shouta needs to trust others to put back together.
Shinsou doesn’t notice Shouta, or at least doesn’t spare him any attention, until Shouta pulls
the cloth from his hands. A kinder, softer person would probably try to be gentle, but Shouta
doesn’t exercise much restraint as he tilts Shinsou’s head to the side and wipes blood away
from his temples and hairline. Disgruntled, Shinsou scrunches his face into a faint scowl.
Hizashi would click his tongue at the treatment, but if it takes being a little rough to get
Shinsou back to himself, then a little rough is exactly what Shouta will be.
When he’s gotten the kid’s face as clean as he can without outright hosing him down, Shouta
pulls back and gives his own skin a perfunctory pass with the cloth, more for others’ comfort
than his own. He has been covered in blood before. That most of it isn’t his own or that of his
allies is a welcome change of pace, but Shinsou lacks the frame of reference to be grateful for
such a gruesome thing. The nomu had popped like a damned balloon. Shouta has seen
enough horrific things not to be horrified, but even he had been caught off guard.
When Izuku had first been taken into custody, he had provided a succinct list of all his quirks.
Shouta had, of course, reviewed this list thoroughly, but while Shouta may consider himself a
tactician, he’s not the kind of analyst that Izuku and Nedzu are. The word Atomize, listed so
innocuously among 102 others, had not struck Shouta as particularly noteworthy. It is
probably long past time for him to pull that list out again, to see if Izuku will expand upon the
functions and applications of his quirks so they can avoid another surprise like this one.

Provided they even get the chance.
Shouta clears his throat and doesn’t dwell on the hypothetical. “How are you feeling?” he
asks, flat but full of gravel. Shinsou blinks a few times before finding his voice.
“I…” he starts, trails off faint and confused. He has spent enough time around Shouta and
Izuku that the call and response is probably familiar to him, but he doesn’t normally have
speaking lines in that script. “I’m fine,” he says finally.
“Bullshit,” Shouta replies. “You’re not fine.”
“No,” Shinsou agrees, as if he is only just realizing this himself. “I’m not.”
“That’s normal. But you will be. Everything is going to be fine.”
“Midoriya—”
“Is going to be fine,” Shouta interrupts. His response hinges on two key assumptions: that
Shinsou was about to express fear for Izuku rather than fear of Izuku, and that Izuku would,
in fact, be okay. Despite his own concerns, Shouta is as confident in these assumptions as he
can be in anything that’s not a solid fact, and given everything that has happened tonight, it’s
better, for the moment, that he put his faith in assumptions rather than anxieties. “Let’s worry
about you for now. Are you hurt?”
“I got blood in my mouth,” Shinsou says, rushed. “From the…” he makes a vague, upwards
gesture. Shouta nods. It had gotten in his mouth, too. Likely Izuku’s as well, not to mention
his open wounds. Hopefully genetic abominations like the nomu were free of blood-borne
diseases, but the hospital would be able to tell them for sure.
“Anything else?” Shouta checks. Shinsou shakes his head. “Good. Can you stand?”
It takes a second for Shinsou to process the question, a brief pause before he gets to his feet,
abruptly and too fast. Shouta follows him up, presses back against the kid’s shoulder when he
sways forward.
“Good,” Shouta says again, steering Shinsou towards Iida and urging them both up into the
ambulance and climbing in after them. The medical crew immediately prepare to depart.
“Here’s what we are going to do. We are going to the hospital. Both of you will get a full
examination. Iida, you’ll be presented with your treatment options. These can vary
dramatically depending on the quirks the hospital has on staff. Ask questions until you’re
sure you understand what’s going on. Shinsou, you’ll likely be kept under observation for a
while before getting the all clear.”
“Midoriya?” Shinsou asks. The insistence in his tone is enough to confirm Shouta’s earlier
assumption.
“He should already be in surgery by the time we arrive. He’ll sleep after that. Potentially for
days.”

Shouta had listened to the paramedics as they converged on Izuku, at the end. The one with
the diagnostic quirk had been rattling off maladies rapid fire as her partner worked to prepare
Izuku for transport. Even a few years in heroics is long enough to recognize the jargon first
responders throw around. After the USJ, Shouta is all-too familiar with the term comminuted
fracture, in particular. Severe concussions are no stranger to him, either. Paired with blood
loss, internal lacerations, and a case of quirk exhaustion acute enough to give the paramedics
pause, Shouta knows that the wait for Izuku to regain consciousness will be a long one, even
if there are no complications in his treatment.
Shouta takes a breath. He swallows. He compartmentalizes.
Shinsou opens his mouth, then closes it again, staring into space. Likely, he has no idea to do
with the information Shouta has just given him. It is, of course, terrible for a friend to be in
the hospital, to need surgery, to fall comatose. For a hero these same things are — not exactly
good, but far better than many alternatives. A friend being in the hospital means that they are
hurt; a hero being in the hospital means that they are alive. Shouta gives Shinsou’s shoulder a
brisk squeeze, and the kid seems to take comfort in Shouta’s relative composure, if not his
words.
“Okay,” Shinsou says after a stilted silence. Then, “Can I call my dad?”
“Fuck,” Shouta replies, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Yeah, kid. Call your dad. You too,
Iida.”
Shouta leans back against the wall as Shinsou fishes out his phone and cups a hand around
his mouth to try to muffle the siren sounding above them. Iida, meanwhile, glares at his
hands, fists tightly interlocked between his knees. His finger flex visibly against his knuckles,
nails biting into his skin before he abruptly bends over, folding into a bow as well as he can
while seated.
“I apologize!” he shouts, loud even over the background noise. “Midoriya tried to discourage
me from pursuing Stain on my own, but I was too stubborn and foolish to listen. I treated him
coldly, yet he still came to rescue me. Stain would have killed me if not for him, and now
he’s suffering the consequences of my actions in my place. I’m deeply sorry!” He freezes in
places once he’s finished, still bent over his knees, hands still painfully interlocked, now
pressed to his chest, eyes clenched shut.
“You did a dangerously stupid thing,” he tells Iida, who nods in ardent agreement. “You will
be punished for this.”
Iida only nods more quickly. “Of course, sir! My behavior was unbefitting of a UA student,
let alone a hero!”
“Which means,” Shouta continues firmly, “that you don’t need to punish yourself.”
Iida’s nodding halts. He looks up, blinking his eyes open. His eyelashes are wet, and a few
tears have fallen onto his glasses, the lenses fogged up around them.
“I don’t understand,” he admits after a moment.

“Your behavior was unbefitting of a hero,” Shouta agrees. “But you’re not a hero, yet. I trust
that you’ve learned from this experience, and won’t make the mistake of behaving this way
again. Or am I assuming incorrectly?”
“No, sir!”
“Then you’ve already done the most important thing a student can do. Guilt and shame are
predominantly useless emotions. They hurt you without doing anything to fix the things that
caused them. Hold yourself accountable, hold yourself to a higher standard, but don’t hold
yourself back.”
Iida’s face hardens with determination, then softens once more into uncertainty as he asks,
“Am I not being expelled, then?”
“I have half a mind to.”
It’s the truth, but Shouta’s admission of it is more for appearances than anything else. A
different student in a different year might not have been given the benefit of the doubt, but
Shouta knows Iida, and has known him to some extent through his family, for much longer
than he had been a student. He had already had the makings of a hero, but after tonight, he
would have a better understanding of what it actually meant to be a hero. Expelling him at
this point would be a waste of potential.
“But no,” Shouta yields after a moment. “You’re not being expelled. I need to discuss with
Nedzu, but you can expect to be put on a strict probation. This conversation isn't over, but it's
over for now. Call your parents.”
Shinsou’s phone call has already wrapped up. Despite the brevity of it, he already looks more
grounded — that ground is shaky, sure, but at least he no longer looks like he’s at risk of
floating off. No doubt Shinsou Toshiyuki is already out the door of their apartment and en
route to the hospital. The Iida clan would likely descend quickly and en mass, as was their
wont. Shouta should have had the boys call sooner, or he should have done it himself. That’s
one of the first things he should have done. Their parents had entrusted their care to him, and
it was negligent of Shouta not to immediately contact them when that trust proved itself
misplaced.
Of course, there’s still one more parent that needs to be informed. After all, Izuku isn’t in any
condition to call himself. Hizashi answers on the first ring, which is out of character.
“I’m already on my way,” Hizashi says as soon as the line connects, not even giving Shouta a
chance to speak past the lump in his throat. “Tsukauchi called.”
“Oh,” Shouta says.
“You holding it together?”
Shouta takes a breath. He swallows. He compartmentalizes.
“Of course.”

“Hang in there, kitten.”
“Tsukauchi told you—”
“Enough,” Hizashi interjects. Firm and short, he sounds more like Shouta than himself.
“Right.”
Shouta can’t find anything else to say. For once, it seems that Hizashi can’t, either. They
don’t hang up. Not until the ambulance pulls up to the wide bay of doors leading into the ER
and paramedics are once again ordering them around. Tsukauchi meets Shouta only a few
feet into the building, and neither of them need to say a word for them both to understand that
they will be fighting an uphill battle from here on out.
By the time Hizashi arrives with Todoroki in tow, the wound in Iida’s leg has been stitched
closed and he is staring at his phone while he waits for his family to arrive. Shouta and
Shinsou have been given a chance to wash up — which Shinsou took notably better
advantage of than Shouta — and change into loaned scrubs, a sea-foam color that looks
ghastly on them both. Having already received a clean bill of health, at least physically,
Shinsou sits cross-legged on the second hospital bed in the room, which is reserved for Izuku.
Izuku, of course, is in surgery. His ulna and radius need reconstruction. Whatever substance
he used to seal the wound in his hand needs to be removed. He has lost a lot of blood, but one
of the doctors on his surgical team has a blood replenishing quirk. When Shouta asks for
updates, everyone says Izuku is doing well. That is the only thing any of them have to say.
“How is he?” Hizashi asks before the door has even closed behind him.
He is doing well. Shouta can’t bring himself to repeat it.
“I’m sorry,” he says instead. Hizashi’s eyebrows shoot up, high above the frames of his
glasses.
“For what?” he asks.
They stare at each other.
Todoroki shoots them a blandly curious look as he moves into the room, standing between
the two beds, leaning against the end of Iida’s. He looks between Shouta and Hizashi again
before turning to Shinsou.
“Were you even trying not to die?” he asks, muted, as if not to interrupt, but still clearly
audible because Shouta has yet to answer Hizashi’s question. Todoroki sounds so deeply
disapproving that Shouta nearly laughs.
“I lived, bitch,” Shinsou responds dryly.
“Am I a bitch now?” The curse sounds odd from Todoroki’s mouth, but he says it without
hesitating, with the same flat affect as everything else he says. “I thought I was a sucker.”

“You’re actually the first documented case of someone being both,” Shinsou tells him.
“Congrats!”
“Oh. Thank you?”
That’s it. That’s the tipping point. The straw that breaks the camels back. The final nail in the
coffin. When Shinsou laughs, Shouta does, too. That Shouta is the more hysterical-sounding
of the two is alarming, to say the least, but he can’t quite reign it in. Todoroki jumps like a
spooked cat.
Hizashi huffs a sympathetic little oof, grabbing Shouta’s hands to pull him up out of the chair
he had been sitting in, walking backwards to lead him towards the door. Shouta’s eyes catch
on the the point where their skin touches, where Hizashi smooths his thumb over the skin of
Shouta’s inner wrist. It reminds him of the paramedic, how she kept her fingers on Izuku’s
pulse, how her eyes lit up with it.
For what?
Shouta takes a breath. He swallows.
The walls of all the little compartments he’s built collapse in on him.
Hizashi yanks him forward, wrapping an arm around his waist as Shouta finally stops
laughing and starts fucking crying instead. He hasn’t cried in — he doesn’t even know how
long. Long enough that he’s shocked when the tears actually manage to spill over. Hizashi is
still in costume, but he’s removed his bulkier gear, and Shouta is glad for it when he ducks
his head down against Hizashi’s shoulder.
“Alright!” Hizashi calls, all injected cheer. “You kiddos will be fine on your own for a bit,
won’t you? Of course you will! There’s officers outside if you need anything. Don’t try to
enact any vigilante justice while we’re gone, ya dig? We’ve got some stuff to take care of,
back soon. Peace!”
With that, Hizashi reaches behind himself for the door handle, kicks the thing wide open, and
drags Shouta first out into the hall and then into a stairwell. He herds Shouta into a corner
and leans against him. Thankfully the stairwell is empty, at least for the moment, but the
space magnifies every small noise, amplifying the ragged sound of Shouta’s breathing as he
tries to get himself back under control.
He is, in a word, mortified. Not one, not two, but three of his students just played witness to
his meltdown. He’s fairly sure that none of them actually saw him crying, but he’s equally
sure that they knew. Hizashi’s little act wasn’t fooling anyone. It’s transparently obvious that
Shouta is the stuff that needs taking care of — and god damn it, he’s still crying.
He’s not equipped for this. He’s not equipped to care this much. With Hizashi he at least
knew what he was getting into, and it happened nice and slow, gave him plenty of time to
acclimate. It still hurts sometimes, just loving him. This is too much, too fast. Shouta didn’t
know it would be like this. He doesn’t want it; he couldn’t bear to lose it.

The police are already asking questions. Endeavor had been there, and he would never be
their ally in this. And that fucking portal.
Shouta needs to tell Hizashi. It’s all his fault. He can’t even speak to own up to it. How
pathetic.
Hizashi keeps Shouta insulated from the world, pinned between concrete and leather. He
murmurs sweet nonsense into Shouta’s hair. God, does Shouta love him.
Izuku is still in surgery.
Everyone says he is doing well.

Nothing lasts forever.

A promise:
All is well that ends.

Chapter End Notes

CWs
Violence. Clone murder. Blood. Nomu murder.
Continuing emotional distress.
----Don't worry, Izuku is very much alive. He's fine, I promise. But if I WERE going to kill
him off, "he is doing well" "all is well that ends" would be a pretty fucking metal way to
do it, I think.
----Kurogiri: Shigarki Tomura —
Tomura: Let me stop you right there. First of all, how dare you
Aizawa: You tried to kill my kid!
Endeavor: I wasn’t trying to kill him.
Endeavor: I just didn’t care if he died.

Hitoshi: I can’t believe you cut out Stain’s tongue.
Izuku: At least I didn’t atomize him.
Hitoshi: …..I can’t believe you can atomize people.
Aizawa, breaking down: THERE HAS BEEN A CONTAINMENT BREACH
----I feel like we have a good system here, you and I. Comments help me grow and prevent
me from consuming the flesh and blood of innocents. Feed me, Seymour.
Next Chapter: One for All - Part I

Chapter 43: One for All - Part I
Chapter Notes

Woah, wtf, it’s ME again. I’m back and I’m back on my BULLSHIT >:)))
This is the shortest chapter since Lie Detection — Part III, hence why it's out so quickly.
We're just setting the stage a little bit for the fallout from Hosu.
I love outsider POVs so fucking much. The potential for dramatic irony and perspective
whiplash is just, ugh, perfect, can’t get enough of that shit. I tried my best to make the
formatting readable passably functional, but I'm lazy and AO3 doesn't make it easy,
sooooo...... hopefully its at least a fraction as fun to read as it was to write
No CWs for this chapter!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

HOSU ATTACK — UNKNOWN HERO GOES TOE-TO-TOE WITH VILLAIN 3X
HIS SIZE
487M views

3d ago

HERO!JPN 2.1M
Description
Exclusive footage from Hosu! An as-of-yet unidentified hero clashes with League of
Villain’s nomu across the city. Despite being credited with the defeat of 2 of the 6 nomu,
he’s yet to step forward. Contradictory reports give rise to questions regarding his
presence and…
[read more…]

Comments 346K
@birbwotcher
oh my god…little man………strONG MAN
[show 23 replies]
@lettyslettuce
Is this guy even old enough to have a license? Someone come get your kid, he’s up past his
bedtime
[hide 342 replies]

@freakgeekandweak
Mom voice: young man, what have I told you about going out and punching monsters
across the street?
HH: *sigh* only to do it if I can be home by 6…
@mortally_winded
Someone’s been eating their wheaties ᕙ(⇀‸↼‶)ᕗ
[show 1.6K replies]
@AllNightAllMight
That’s gotta be at least a Delaware-level smash
[show 2.7K replies]
@whatdoyoumeanmynameistaken
Can this guy PLEASE get out of my recommendeds? He’s strong. Big deal. Idgaf. But
suddenly he’s EVERYWHERE.
[hide 5.2K replies]
@misunderstoodmushroom
Everywhere, huh? It’s almost like he can be in multiple places at once or something (｡
•̀ᴗ-)✧
@whatdoyoumeanmynameistaken
What? I don’t get it.
@misunderstoodmushroom
ʱªʱªʱª(
)

ᕑᗢूᓫ∗

Excerpt from a tape recorded interview
Shinsou Hitoshi (Alias: Mind Freak)/Detective Tsukauchi Naomasa
5.26.xxxx
TN
This is Detective Tsukauchi. The date is Thursday, May 26; the time is 9:32 AM. I’m here
today with Shinsou Hitoshi. We normally record these conversations, is that alright?
SH
Sure.
TN
Thank you for that. Shinsou has requested that his father be present, so Dr. Shinsou Toshiyuki
is presiding. Can you both state your names, for the record.

SH
You just said them, though.
TN
Having you say it yourself establishes whose voice is whose for anyone who may be listening
to or transcribing the interview.
SH
Oh. Shinsou Hitoshi.
ST
Shinsou Toshiyuki.
TN
Thank you both. So, Shinsou, our goal here is to get as complete a picture of the events of
last night as possible. We just want to know how the night went, from your perspective.
SH
Shitty.
TN
A succinct description, and a fitting one from everything I’ve seen, but lets break that down a
little. What brought you to Hosu?
SH
A train.
ST
Hitoshi.
TN
He’s fine, Doctor. He did answer the question I asked. Let me rephrase — why were you in
the city last night?
SH
I’m, uh… I’m going to transfer to the hero course, you know?
TN
Congratulations.
SH
Uhhhh, yeah. Thanks. So I — I was on an internship. With Eraserhead. We were going to
patrol. I don’t know why he picked Hosu. I think they just needed more people on the streets?
Apparently crime rates spiked with the Hero Killer lurking around. But you probably already
know that, huh?
TN
All too well. So you caught a train to Hosu for your internship with Eraserhead. What about
Midoriya Izuku?

SH
We’re — we were interning together.
TN
How would you describe your relationship?
SH
Describe our..? I wouldn’t. That’s weird… I don’t know. We’re friends, I guess.
TN
Alright. You, Midoriya, and Eraserhead are on the train. What happens next?
SH
Everything goes to shit.

TRIPLET HEROES AID RESCUE EFFORTS IN HOSU
835M views

3d ago

HeroNewsBREAKING 6.8M
Description
Read the full story on our web page, including exclusive eye-witness statements!
[read more …]

Comments 1.2M
@ThirteenFan1313
Okay, but the way the one was launching the rubble and the other was catching it with those
force fields while the third handled the civillians?? That is some of the coolest shit I’ve ever
seen!!
[hide 7.3K replies]
@ALittleQuirky
The way they used the forcefields as platforms so they could evacuate the upper floors!
Parkour!!!!
@ThirteenFan1313
Oh my gosh, right?! And the coordination!! The one was jumping before the other even
made the fields to catch him!! I thought for sure he was gonna fall at least twice!!

@ALittleQuirky
Me too! They’ve got some kind of twin (triplet?) telepathy, I swear. I’ve watched so
many times but I can’t figure out how they’re communicating to pull off maneuvers like
the one at 10:11
@ThirteenFan1313
I didn’t even notice that one!! That’s crazy!! I’m pretty sure they aren’t even talking??
@ALittleQuirky
Maybe the third one actually does have some kind of telepathy quirk?
@ThirteenFan1313
I’m pretty sure he’s some kind of healer, though?? The way he touches people seems
really intentional. He’s the only one trying to get his hands on people, and man is he
trying.
@ALittleQuirky
He could need to touch someone to activate his quirk. A telepathy quirk could be super
useful for reassuring disaster victims.
@ThirteenFan1313
But if that’s true, then his quirk can’t be used for the team to coordinate their
movements.
@ALittleQuirky
Dang it. You’re right. Jeeze, I’m way too invested in this.
@ThirteenFan1313
Me too, bestie. Can I DM you??
@ALittleQuirky
YES!!!! We’ll crack this case together!
@AnalyzeMeDaddy
At the risk of sounding creepy… I kind of want to take these guys apart and poke around
their insides to figure out how they work.
[hide 616 replies]
@dangerchickenhawks
…the risk you took was calculated but man are you bad at math
@AnalyzeMeDaddy
Hear me out! They’re CLEARLY identical. Do you have any idea how INSANE it is for
identical siblings to have quirks this wildly different? Quirks are genetic; if they’re
genetically identical, they should have the same quirk. That’s just basic biology! There’s
been a FEW recorded exceptions, but nothing nearly this dramatic! I can’t even imagine
the kind of genetic fuckery that must be going on here!

@dangerchickenhawks
…did u just use a semicolon @ me…?
@AnalyzeMeDaddy
Seriously? What does that have to do with anything? You’ve used THREE ellipses in
TWO sentences; you’re hardly a paragon of punctuation, yourself.
@dangerchickenhawks
…semicolon… “paragon”…hmmmmm… says a lot about u… blocked
@iknewuweretreble
Ahhhh!!! Look at them all! Look at their little bunny ears!!!!
[show 8 replies]
@SUPPORTingCharacter
All three of them using the exact same costume is suuuuuper disorienting. Hope they change
that later in their careers. Unrelated note — I’m currently accepting commissions for costume
and gear design!
[hide 92 replies]
@misunderstoodmushroom
Homie……. ╭( ๐_๐)╮that’s just one guy

Excerpt from a tape recorded interview
Iida Tenya (Alias: Tenya)/Detective Tsukauchi Naomasa
5.26.xxxx
TN
What happened next? Take your time.
IT
…Midoriya appeared.
TN
Midoriya Izuku?
IT
Yes.
TN
Are you two friends?

IT
No.
TN
Ah. You don’t get along, then?
IT
…We did at first. We weren’t friends, but maybe we could have been. He was new to the
class. I was trying to make him feel welcome, as class representative. He was… pleasant.
TN
Did something happen?
IT
…He told me not to do it.
TN
Can you clarify?
IT
Not to go after the Hero Killer. He was talking like he understood, and that made me… angry.
So I told myself that he was a villain. If he was a villain I didn’t need to listen to him.
TN
I see.
IT
I should have listened to him.
TN
All we can do is keep moving forward. So Midoriya showed up. What did he do?
IT
He showed me what it means to be a hero.

THE CLONE WARS (HOSU HERO EDITION)
90M views

1d ago

NagaNagi

972K

Description
So, I was filming a video in Hosu the other night… I think we all know how well that
went for me. I’m fine, don’t worry! I was unlucky enough to be in the same place as one

of those nomu things, but then lucky enough to be saved by a couple of the team that’s
taken the internet by storm! Apparently people have been calling them the Hosu Heroes?
I guess I’ll be calling them that, too, since they didn’t give me any other name to use,
but there’s just one thing…
These two were kind enough to escort me and some others to the nearest shelter, and I
noticed something funky on the way. As everybody probably knows by now, the Hosu
Heroes don’t seem to speak. But it turns out that they DO talk, and they apparently have
a lot to say.
EDIT
For everyone asking, no, they’re probably not as short as they look. I’m 7’3” so most
people look short from up here. With that said, they were still only around 5’5”.
[show less]

Comments 509K
@ALittleQuirky
@ThirteenFan1313 NEW LORE JUST DROPPED
[show 33 replies]
@mortally_winded
lmao are the captions actually accurate or are you just making this shit up?
[hide 247 replies]
@NagaNagi
Hi! I’ve been speaking JSL for over 20 years! The angle I was watching them from
wasn’t always super good but I’m pretty confident in my translation. I don’t think
they’re actually fluent, so I’ll admit to filling in some sentences for clarity, to make up
for some shaky grammar and vocabulary. But the bickering and weirdness is 100%
genuine!!
@LexusLuther
Who dares to imply that our queen Nagi would come on the internet and spread lies. Get
‘im, boys.
@mortally_winded
┗(･ω･;)┛have mercy simps
@AllNightAllMight
So the Hosu Hero has a cloning quirk then, like Ectoplasm? Mystery solved?
[hide 56 replies]
@AnalyzeMeDaddy
Except MYSTERY NOT SOLVED AT ALL!!! Ectoplasm’s clones don’t each have
unique quirks of their own! I’ve seen this guy stand his own against a nomu in close
combat; I’ve seen him make force fields and launch debris around like its in an invisible
slingshot; I’ve seen him heal people and walk through walls. Have you ever seen

Ectoplasm do that?? Huh, what did you say?? NO???? OF FUCKING COURSE
NOT???????? WOW THAT’S SO WEIRD!!! ALMOST LIKE THIS MAKES NO
FUCKING SENSE!!!!!!!!!!!
@AllNightAllMight
Eat some bread and take a nap, buddy. We’re worried about you.
@cantaloupe_antelope
Am I the only one who finds this kind of creepy? The whole “we don’t have feelings” thing??
What does that even MEAN??!!
[hide 932 replies]
@no1HosuHeroFan
Creepy?? With a smile like THAT???? Baby. Baby boy.
@freakgeekandweak
1: That hurts my feelings.
2: We don’t have feelings.
1: Oh really? You seem pretty annoyed to me.
That is one of the dorkiest interactions I’ve seen in my life. Let me guess. You also got
scared when the one tripped over a rock.
@LentilSoup
If the clone theory is right (and I think at this point we can all agree that the clone theory
is right) then it makes sense. I think any creepiness is kind of canceled out by the way
they pout at each other about it.
@minimaliminal
Oh yeah, totally. This whole exchange had me shaking in my boots. /s
@misunderstoodmushroom
(　ﾟДﾟ)＜!! Hey haters! Look up videos of the Hosu Hero with kids. Try telling me he’s
creepy, then. I dare you.
[hide 42 replies]
@no1HosuHeroFan
Every time I see you in the comments, I know there’s more juicy HH content coming
my way. You’re doing God’s work.
@misunderstoodmushroom
The key is to be chronically online (〃￣ω￣〃ゞ

Excerpt from a tape recorded interview

Aizawa Shouta (Alias: Eraserhead)/Detective Tsukauchi Naomasa
5.25.xxxx
AS
Midoriya was on the scene as my intern. When the attack began, I gave him clearance to use
his quirk to its fullest and act as he saw fit. There’s plenty of precedent for that. He’s a
powerful and capable individual. It would have been foolish to side-line him. He was an asset
on the field.
TN
Did you give him permission to hunt down the Hero Killer, as well?
AS
He didn’t hunt down the Hero Killer.
TN
Aizawa…
AS
He didn’t. He went to assist a classmate in need. He saved that classmate’s life.
TN
He maimed a man.
AS
Is this a witness statement or a character testimony?
TN
It’s a bit of both, and you know that. You also know why it needs to be done. Giving a
student permission to use their quirk in the same capacity as a hero in a time of crisis may be
common practice, but that student is still accountable for their actions during that time. The
same as any other hero would be.
AS
For some reason I don’t think any other hero would be treated this way.
TN
For cutting out a man’s tongue? Aizawa, villain or not, Stain will never speak again. He’s
lucky not to have bled out.
AS
At the USJ, Snipe, a grown adult with decades of experience, shot a fifteen-year-old in the
middle of an active retreat. He got the kid — a child, the same age as the class he was meant
to be protecting — in the shoulder, but you and I both know that Snipe’s homing isn’t precise
enough to guarantee a non-lethal shot. Hizashi is never going to let him live it down, and
that’s the only real retribution he’s faced, other than a slap on the wrist. Endeavor, the number
two hero, attempted to burn a nomu out of the sky after it had taken a hostage. I’d say he had
no regard for the collateral damage, but I suspect that he knew exactly what he was doing,

and I suspect that that’s one of the reasons he wanted to do it to begin with. I doubt he’ll face
any consequences at all.
TN
I see your point, I do. But shouldn’t we be striving to hold everyone to the higher standard,
rather than the lower one?
AS
They don’t want to hold Izuku to any standard. They want to crush him beneath one.
TN
Stain’s tongue —
AS
That’s my fault, actually.
TN
…Oh? How’s that?
AS
The man had to put a sword in his mouth to activate his quirk. It was bound to happen at
some point. I reacted rashly when I arrived on scene, and I ended up doing more damage than
I intended.
TN
…Aizawa.
AS
Am I lying?
TN
No, you’re not.

HEROES REASSURE CIVILIANS IN THE MIDST OF HOSU DISASTER
209M views

3d ago

HeroesOutOfCombat 3.2M
Description
We all love a good United States of Smash, but never forget that All Might’s smile has
saved as many lives as his fists! Today we’re on site at one of the shelters acting as an
evacuation point for the people of Hosu, where heroes fight not only to keep people

safe, but to…
[read more …]

Comments 509K
@no1HosuHeroFan
Look at him. Look at him waddle around with a toddler on each limb. Like, what the fuck
sir? You can’t just come in here and do that to me. I have a heart condition and it’s called
LOVING HIM TOO MUCH
[show 77 replies]
@whatdoyoumeanmynameistaken
The “Hosu Hero” is on screen for less than 30 seconds of a 30 minute video. Can you guys
fucking relax about him
[hide 3.9K replies]
@no1HosuHeroFan
no <3
@lettyslettuce
Isn’t this the guy who kicked one of those monsters through a building?
[hide 106 replies]
@minimaliminal
The duality of man
@birbwotcher
s,,,,,,soft
[show 3 replies]
@dangerchickenhawks
…you know, distaster media coverage can be pretty voyeuristic and that’s super ick, but ill
admit it… this is wholesome af
[show 439 replies]
@misunderstoodmushroom
Hmm? What’s this I hear? The Hosu Hero Haters are suspiciously silent ( ◡‿◡ *)
[show 2.3K replies]

Excerpt from a tape recorded interview
Midoriya Izuku (Alias: Rogue)/Detective Tsukauchi Naomasa

5.29.xxxx
TN
Why did you cut out Stain’s tongue?
MI
I knew I probably wasn’t going to win. I didn’t want him to be able to hurt Eraser or Shinsou
when they got there. His quirk was the most dangerous thing about him.
TN
So you cut out his tongue to incapacitate his quirk?
MI
To make it harder for him to use, at least.
TN
Why didn’t you just take his quirk?
MI
Would that have been better?
TN
Please answer the question.
MI
…
TN
Midoriya?
MI
It… honestly hadn’t occurred to me.
TN
You realize a lot of people are going to have a hard time believing that. Can you explain?
MI
…I guess I’m used to my quirk being the problem. Not the solution.
TN
Okay then, tell me about the nomu.
MI
I already said I don’t want to talk about that.
TN
I’m trying to help you.
MI
I don’t know what you want me to say.

TN
Do you have any idea why it grabbed you?
MI
No. Wait — that’s a lie, I know, you don’t need to say it. I don’t know why, but I could guess.
The nomu can be… weird around me.
TN
What do you mean by that?
MI
Well, my father made them. He — He wanted two main things for me, I think. Power and
protection. They might have some kind of standing order to keep me safe, but I doubt any of
them are sapient enough to really understand what that means. Either that or Tomura told
them to grab me, but I doubt he expected me to be in the city. That’s all I’ve got. I really
don’t know.
TN
Those ideas are as good as any. Thank you for sharing. Then what happened?
MI
…
TN
Midoriya.
MI
We’ve gone over this. Can you just cut to the chase?
TN
…Alright. How did you survive the fall?
MI
Kurogiri caught me.
TN
Do you have any idea why he would do that?
MI
I’m not working with the League. I haven’t been in contact with them. Tomura probably
wants me dead, but past that, I don’t know what they’re planning.
TN
No one is accusing you of anything.
MI
Don’t lie, Tsukauchi.
TN
…I’m not accusing you of anything. I just want to understand what happened that night. I

might be able to tell when someone is lying, but I can’t spread the truth if I don’t know it,
Midoriya.
MI
I don’t know, alright? I don’t know why he did that. I have a million ideas. Maybe it’s a trick.
Maybe he did something to me — I still don’t know how his quirk actually works, you know.
Or maybe he just didn’t want me to get hurt. In the last five years, he did more of the work to
raise me than my actual father. He was literally made to be a caretaker. Is it so hard to believe
that he just wanted to save me? Is it so hard for you to believe that your villains are also
people?

LEAGUE OF VILLAINS WATCHES HOSU BURN
253K views

3d ago

VillainNewsBREAKING

5.1M

Description
Read the full story on our web page, including a complete breakdown of the League’s
activities up until today!
[read more …]

Comments 8.2K
@minimaliminal
What was this guy’s name again?
[hide 16 replies]
@freakgeekandweak
uhhhhhhh,,,,, *checks smudged writing on hand* Shigarki Tempura

Chapter End Notes

Izuku: *fighting for his life*
His Clones: *posing for selfies*
Tsukauchi: You cut out Stain’s tongue!
Izuku: AT LEAST I DIDN’T ATOMIZE HIM!!!

Cannon!Stain: I went viral, you know
Rogue: Oh, how cute. I remember the first time I went viral.
----Next Chapter: One for All - Part II

Chapter 44: One for All - Part II
Chapter Notes

No, you are not imagining things. Four chapters in two months? Dare I say it,,, that’s
almost approaching,, semi-regular? This chapter is even a long one!
Anyway, I apologize if there’s any name confusion or related awkwardness in this
chapter. Honestly, how dare Hitoshi have a loving father.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Hosu very nearly becomes victim to a second siege on the same night as the first when,
nearly two hours after Izuku has been admitted to the hospital, Shouta finally remembers to
call the Bakugous. From that point, the screaming is inevitable. That Shouta is grateful that
the commotion now is due to anger rather than pain or fear is a reflection of just how
completely the night has gone off the rails.
“What do you mean I can’t go in?” Mitsuki yells — and despite the distance between Izuku’s
room and the desk, there is no doubt that it is Mitsuki, her voice piercing through the hospital
walls like they’re made of crepe paper. Hizashi sucks in a sharp breath. Shouta, for his part,
merely leans his head back and sighs deeply. “You think you can keep me out? I’d like to see
you try! I’ve seen more intimidating preschoolers!”
Shinsou jolts upright at the noise, dragging his hands down his face and shaking his head to
dispel the sleepiness he won’t admit is dogging him. His father, who has been indulging the
kid’s stubborn refusal to leave, at least so far, sits straight in his chair and eyes the door
warily as the arguing proceeds down the hall.
“They called me, goddamn it! I should be on your fucking list, and if I’m not, then you can
shove it up your ass!” Other voices rise with hers as she draws closer, words illegible but
tones clearly plaintive — Masaru, by Shouta’s guess — and affronted — whichever poor
guard garnered the brunt of Mitsuki’s wrath.
“We forgot to tell them to put her on the list,” Hizashi notes. Shouta hums in resigned
confirmation.
“Should probably handle that before she actually assaults an officer,” he suggests.
Hizashi huffs once when Shouta doesn’t move, and then again when Shouta in fact sinks
lower into his seat. Normally, there’d be some dramatics here — Hizashi would moan and
groan, make a fuss about how he has to do everything around here and how Shouta only
wants him for his social skills, so on and so forth. It seems though, that they’re both in
agreement that the night has seen enough drama, and so Hizashi merely stands to take the
situation in hand.

Shouta leans back again, closing his eyes to enjoy the last moments of relative peace that he’s
likely to have in the foreseeable future, only for his psuedo-rest to be disturbed a second later
when Hizashi, on his way out of the room, leans down to plant a quick kiss on his forehead.
The hand that cups Shouta’s jaw is more restraining than tender, thwarting his disgruntled
attempt to turn away, the leather of Hizashi’s glove scraping against the grain of Shouta’s
stubble. Hizashi winks as he pulls back, not nearly as suave as he thinks he is, and practically
twirls out of the room, calling out assurances to deescalate the Mitsuki-situation before the
door has even fully closed behind him.
“That doesn’t leave this room,” Shouta announces, staring his students down as the door
clicks shut. Todoroki stares back for a long moment, before consenting with a nod. Shinsou
only blinks blearily, muffling a yawn with the side of his fist. Iida, thankfully, is not in the
room at the moment — discussing his condition in private with his family. Confronted with
the reality that two of his teachers not only have love lives but are romantically involved with
each other, Iida likely would have had an aneurysm, and then, provided he lived, he wouldn’t
possibly have been able to mind his own business.
“You know that woman, then?” Dr. Shinsou asks, fleetingly amused but predominantly
cautious, probing for information.
He’s a protective man — Shouta had realized that during their first meeting. At the time, he
remembers being concerned by the attitude, resentful of it, even. He found it short-sighted
and oppressive, and he had wondered — as he has wondered many times, dealing with
students and their parents — how a person’s motivations could be so out of touch with the
desires of the child they claimed to love. Now, Shouta understands better. That tug-of-war
between safety and happiness. It’s not one a parent can win — the best they can do is stay on
their feet. Shouta hasn’t even managed that much. He’s been dragged through the mud.
“Bakugou Mitsuki. She’s the problem child’s aunt,” Shouta explains, knocking the toe of his
boot against the side of Izuku’s hospital bed, as if the identity of the problem child needed to
be specified when only one of them was in a fucking coma. He ignores Shinsou’s small
disbelieving noise and the way Todoroki cocks his head in interest, and continues, “Her
husband is likely with her. She’s loud, and she’s crass, but her bark is worse than her bite.”
Shouta doesn’t go as far as to say that she doesn’t bite, because he respects the other man
enough not to lie to his face. Dr. Shinsou seems appeased, just in time for the door to fly
open, banging hard enough into the doorstop that it rebounds right back into Mitsuki’s
extended hand.
The hospital room, already crowded, immediately feels claustrophobic. Even without the Iida
clan hanging around, three teenagers and five adults is more than the room was meant to
comfortably accommodate, as evidenced by the fact that they’ve already had to drag extra
chairs in from the hallway. Bakugou Masaru is a quiet, well-mannered man who is
remarkably non-intrusive, but in exchange, his wife occupies the space of three grown men,
via her presence alone. Still standing in the doorway, Masaru and Hizashi at her back,
Mitsuki’s narrow glare homes in on Shouta.
“Do you have any idea how long I was waiting for your call?” she demands. Masaru grabs
her gently by the shoulders, moving her forward and to the side so she’s no longer blocking

the entrance. She follows his direction without protest or acknowledgment, crossing her arms
over her chest and squaring her jaw as Shouta meets her eyes. She spares Hizashi no attention
as he creeps by her to reclaim his seat next to Shouta, knocking their knees together in
commiseration.
“At least two hours,” Shouta replies.
“Try three! I was watching the fucking news the whole time! I had to learn he was out there
from the goddamned news, because nobody tells me shit! I didn’t even recognize him at first,
you know? I watched him beat one of those freaks into the ground and I didn’t even know
that was my Izuku until he smiled Inko’s fucking smile in the middle of a blood bath! I swear
to fucking god, Sho, I nearly had a fucking heart attack! As if Katsuki wasn’t going to put me
in an early enough grave! No, now I have to worry about not-so-Quirkless little Izuku
bouncing around like some kind of fucking pinball while every news channel in Japan asks
who he is!”
Right. Mitsuki’s concern and subsequent anger were already understandable, but that does
recontextualize the situation a bit. Of course Shouta knows that Izuku pretended to be
Quirkless, is even still registered as such. Shouta also knows that Bakugou had only recently
informed his parents about his history with Izuku. Until that moment — god, it would have
been only a few days ago — Mitsuki and Masaru had still believed that Izuku didn’t have a
quirk at all. As baffling as his abilities are to Shouta — so powerful and so impossible that he
still sometimes can’t believe it’s all real, even though he has never known Izuku as anything
other than a powerful impossibility — the cognitive dissonance must be ten times worse for
someone who had lived in that old lie.
Mitsuki’s anger and frustration is genuine, but it’s a hard shell wrapped around confusion,
anxiety, and fear — worry for a child she cares about, in a situation she could never have
imagined. Shouta lets her blow off steam, waiting for her to calm down or run out of breath,
whichever comes first. Then, when she is panting, sucking in air and winding up to go again,
he takes the chance to interject.
“I’m sorry.”
“You should be!” she snaps, which is a much more appropriate response than for what? in
Shouta’s opinion. He nods.
“I never should have let him go off on his own. And when I did, and he got hurt for it, I
should have informed you sooner. You trusted me to protect him in his mother’s place, and I
failed to do that. I’m sorry.” Hizashi reaches over and squeezes Shouta’s elbow. Whether he
intends the gesture to be comforting or chastising, Shouta can’t say, but it is, at the very least,
grounding.
Mitsuki stares at Shouta for a long moment, her mouth a tense line before she cards her hands
into her hair, spins on her heels, and screams into her husband’s shoulder. Unflinching,
Masaru rests a hand on her hip, holding her for the bare moment she stands there before she’s
whirling around again.

“Fuck you!” she says, pointing a finger in Shouta’s direction. Hizashi leans out of the way so
the path of her accusation is unobstructed. So it was a negative elbow squeeze, then, if he’s
willing to throw Shouta to the wolves like this, as if Hizashi isn’t equally guilty of not
picking up a phone. “I didn’t even know your zombie ass could look more tired. When’s the
last time you slept, huh? Were you fucking sulking around like this those three hours you
weren’t calling me?!”
“I don’t sulk,” Shouta argues.
Simultaneously, Shinsou mumbles, “Yeah, kinda.” Shouta does the brat a favor and pretends
he didn’t hear it.
“How are you in worse shape than the kid in a fucking coma, Sho?! Mic, take better care of
your goddamned husband!”
“I’m not an exotic pet,” Shouta protests blandly, corner of his mouth twitching at the way she
mutilates his name. The look on Todoroki’s face doesn’t help any. Confirmation that two
grown men are married shouldn’t be a cause for such smugness when those men share a
bedroom, three cats, and a kid.
“He’s got a guilt complex,” Hizashi tells Mitsuki cheerfully, informing the whole room while
he’s at it. Two students, a shrink, and all Shouta’s dirty laundry. At this rate, no one is ever
going to respect him again. He pinches Hizashi’s side, right in the weak spot, evoking a yelp
that’s just this side of too loud. Mitsuki watches shrewdly.
“You’ve gotta let go of that shit,” she tells Shouta, not quite firmly enough to make it an
order, but not far off. “If you beat yourself up every time you fail as a parent you’re going to
be dead by week’s end.”
“I am not—”
“Shut up,” Mitsuki interrupts. The audacity of it sets Shouta’s teeth on edge, and he’s sure
that the glare on his face would send most people scrambling. Mitsuki only glares back,
absently leaning into Masaru when he shuffles uncomfortably behind her. “You are. You
think I can’t see it? Please. I’m a fucking mother. My spawn is the most pissed off, pent up,
emotionally constipated demon to ever crawl out of hell, and he didn’t get to be that way all
on his own. Oh, boohoo, you fucked up. Show me a parent that hasn’t. This shit about Inko?
You cut that right the fuck out. You don’t get to use her as a way to tear yourself down.
You’re not his mother. You will never be his mother. But she fucked up just as much as any
other parent. She wanted him safe so badly that she smothered him, and it still wasn’t
enough. He ended up exactly where she didn’t want him to be, and she had been so secretive
about everything that no one even realized they needed to be worried. Her kid got kidnapped;
your kid got hospitalized; my kid got PTSD and kept it from me for over a decade. I’m sure
Mr. Gangly has fucked up his mini-me Troll Doll, and I can tell Junior Mint is fucked up just
by looking at him.”
Todoroki doesn’t seem to realize that he’s being addressed, but when he notices Mitsuki
pointing to him, he nods agreeably. Dr. Shinsou — who admittedly has some of the longest
limbs Shouta has seen on a person without a physical mutation — raises his eyebrows and

props an ankle on his knee, considering Mitsuki carefully but without protest. He grabs his
son’s hand, pulling it away from the kid’s head. Shinsou’s hair springs back up the moment
it’s no longer being actively restrained. He opens his mouth to respond, likely about to spit
venom, but once Mitsuki has started, she pushes on like a steamroller, plowing right over
everyone else.
“I’ve got another newsflash for you!” The savage glint of teeth in her smile takes Shouta
straight back to their first meeting, when she had verbally bludgeoned him over the head with
reality until it got through his skull. Two and a half weeks ago, it was Mitsuki who made
Shouta realize that he had stumbled into parenthood with his eyes closed and his heart open,
so unlike himself that he is still reeling from the fall. “You did fail! That’s all parenting is!
Get used to it. Parenting is a war. Everyday is a battle, and these aren’t fights that your fancy
little scarf will help you win. Here’s the truth: some days, you are going to fight your hardest,
and you are going to lose. Some days, you’re absolute best still won’t be good e-fuckingnough. You are going to lose, you are going to fail, and it is never going to hurt any less than
it does right now.”
Pulling away from Masaru, Mitsuki advances on Shouta, closing the distance between them
until she can plant her hands on the arms of his chair and lean into his personal space. The
proximity makes his skin itch, but he refuses to cringe back, on principle. Her eyes are as
sharp as her smile, but there’s an unexpected sheen to them, the red of her irises fractured and
swimming. Shouta doubts she will let the tears fall, but she hasn’t been able to keep them
from her eyes, and no amount of snarling in his face will hide that. The discomfort and
defensiveness that have been swelling in him since she first cut him off don’t disappear, but
they dull, leaving a sliver of room for appreciation.
He had noticed it earlier, hadn’t he? That Mitsuki used her anger and frustration as an armor
to shelter her more vulnerable feelings. In dissembling Shouta’s insecurities in front of an
audience, she is laying herself just as bare. She’s speaking from experience, after all. One
failure to another.
“Listen to me,” she says. She wasn’t issuing orders before, but she certainly is now. “As long
as you are there when that kid needs you, you are winning the war. And as long as you love
him, the fighting and the failing are fucking worth it. So stop sulking and man up, Shouto!”
With that, Mitsuki draws back, allowing herself a few seconds to blink up at the ceiling
before shaking off her own vulnerability and dragging one of the Iida’s abandoned chairs
over to Izuku’s bedside. She fixes her eyes on his face, intent and unwavering even as Masaru
sits on the arm of her chair and tangles his fingers into the hair at the nape of her neck. From
his seat on the empty bed, Todoroki stares hard at the back of Mitsuki’s head, face creased
ever so slightly with confusion. He looks to Shinsou and receives a laugh in the face in place
of an explanation. Honestly, Shouta isn’t sure what else Todoroki expected.
“My name is Shouta,” Shouta corrects, for at least the fifth time in their brief acquaintance.
“That’s what I said!” Mitsuki insists, just like she has the four-or-more other times they’ve
had this exchange. Her inability to remember the whole of Shouta’s two-syllable name
becomes more absurd by the day, and he is half-convinced that she’s faking it to force her
way onto the short list of people he allows to use that inane nickname.

“An interesting if unconventional pep talk,” Dr. Shinsou observes mildly. Despite Mitsuki’s
aggression, whatever he saw in the exchange has caused the tension he was carrying to
unspool. Now that the man has relaxed, the boneless way Shinsou sprawls in his seat is so
clearly a poor imitation of his father’s posture that it makes Shouta’s chest tighten.
“Who are these people anyway?” Mitsuki asks, surveying their company with a critical eye.
Masaru smiles sheepishly at her side.
“It’s Dr. Gangly, to you,” Dr. Shinsou replies. Shinsou snorts and then promptly masks the
sound with a groan that becomes genuine only a moment later when his father reaches again
for his hair. “And his name Jellybean, actually.” Shinsou shrieks an ungodly noise, the likes
of which Shouta has never heard him make and hopes to never hear again, flailing to dislodge
his father’s hand from his head.
“Jellybean?” Todoroki echoes.
“Don’t you dare, Todoroki!”
“…Jellybean,” Todoroki dares.
Shinsou is off like a rocket, moving with a speed and coordination he never could have
achieved as recently as the beginning of the week. He has improved quickly, and Shouta
would be proud, if not for the fact that Shinsou is currently demonstrating his skills by
scuffling with Todoroki like a child in a playground throw down. Todoroki, faintly alarmed
but entirely unintimidated, plants a boot against Shinsou’s chest to keep distance between
them. Despite everything that has happened, the late hour, the heavy mood, the two boys are
still almost intolerably lively.
The third is, at least, alive.
Shouta reaches across the small space between their chairs to grab Hizashi’s hand. Settling in
for a long wait, they turn their eyes to their own kid.

They are alone in the hospital room and it’s kind of weird. Todoroki doesn’t seem to think it’s
weird, because he’s some kind of unflappable automaton. That Other Guy, the one who
started this whole mess, had been escorted out of the room, following behind the pro hero
Manual like a dog with its tail between its legs. Meanwhile, Hitoshi is coming to realize that
this whole interacting with his peers business is much harder when Midoriya, the fucker that
dragged Hitoshi out of isolation, is in a coma. Really, just — very uncool of him, to leave
Hitoshi on his own like this.
The two of them that are capable of speaking sit in silence while the third, unconscious one
beeps a lot via heart monitor. Hitoshi scrolls past yet another Hosu post on his phone. He’s
been keeping a mental tally. About 75% of his feed concerns the Hosu attack in one way or

another. Of that, at least half are about Midoriya. Most have taken to calling him the Hosu
Hero, but Hitoshi sees someone making a compelling argument for the name Green Hare.
Get it? Because Midoriya’s costume has the bunny ears. And his hair is green. Hitoshi thinks
that one is pretty clever, but the replies on the post devolve into a whole argument on whether
Midoriya’s hair is green or black.
It’s absurd and mindless and so, so stupid, but Hitoshi reads through posts and replies and
replies-to-replies almost obsessively. He just finds it interesting, alright? It’s not everyday
that someone you know becomes a universal talking point on the internet. It’s cool to be an
insider in a situation that everyone is obsessing over, seeing everyone ask questions that
Hitoshi already knows the answers to. And sure, maybe looking at all the memes makes
Hitoshi feel a little better about the reality of last night. Maybe all the fluffy photos of
Midoriya’s clones, taken by and with the people they saved, make it a little less devastating
that Midoriya Mark-1 is wrapped in bandages and sleeping like the dead. Hitoshi doesn’t
want to linger on it.
Of the half of the content not about Midoriya, Endeavor features prominently, evidence of
just how truly shitty some people’s taste is. Sure, Hitoshi is biased, he’s got stakes in this
fight, but come on. He thinks there’s an objectively right choice between Midoriya and
Endeavor, even from an outside perspective. One is a badass, and the other is a bad ass. The
space makes all the difference. It’s only after he ignores the caption on yet another photo of
the asshole’s scowl that Hitoshi remembers something very important.
“Hey Todoroki,” he blurts. Todoroki looks up expectantly, and Hitoshi hurries on, “If,
hypothetically, someone spat at your father and told him they wished the Hero Killer had
murdered him, how long do you think this person would have to live? Asking for a friend.”
For good measure, he tacks on another, “Hypothetically.”
“I’m surprised they’re not already dead,” Todoroki replies.
“I was afraid you were going to say that.”
“Did you assault my father, Shinsou?”
“What? Nooo. I would never do something like that.” Hitoshi sincerely expects Todoroki to
take him at his word, because the guy is as dense as a sack of bricks, but of course he doesn’t,
because he lives to make Hitoshi’s life miserable.
“Did Izuku assault my father, then?” Todoroki asks, head cocked to the side.
“What?” Hitoshi asks, and this time he even means it. “Have you met him? Why would you
even ask that?”
“You said you were asking for a friend,” Todoroki explains simply. “You don’t have any
friends other than me and Izuku.” His line delivery is so casual and factual that Hitoshi nearly
doesn’t register that he’s being insulted. Likely, Todoroki also doesn’t register that he’s being
insulting. Hitoshi’s not sure if that makes it better or worse. Worse, probably — this is
Todoroki, after all. Not that Hitoshi actually feels insulted. He doesn’t do friends. It’s a
choice. It’s not lame if it’s a choice.

“Okay,” Hitoshi starts. “First of all, we’re not friends.”
“Okay,” Todoroki complies too-easily with a nod.
“Right. Uh. Well then. Second of all, I said it was hypothetical.”
“Oh,” Todoroki says. He frowns and seems, for a moment, to be thinking very hard, a divot
of strained concentration between his eyebrows. Hitoshi even wonders briefly if smoke will
start coming out of his ears, before Todoroki’s face smooths out and he nods again. “Thank
you, then.”
“For what?” Hitoshi asks, only half listening. Now he is wondering if smoke would come out
of both of Todoroki’s ears or only the left one.
“For hypothetically assaulting my father.”
At that, Hitoshi can’t help but laugh. He can’t even tell if Todoroki means the hypothetically
literally or not. He’s gotten tangled up in his own deflections. Hitoshi wouldn’t put it past
Todoroki to thank someone for just considering something.
“No problem,” Hitoshi says. “He deserved it, and I’d do it again. Seriously, any time.”
“Hypothetically,” Todoroki adds.
“But of course.”
Hitoshi grins and Todoroki offers a small, private smile in return. Hitoshi’s pretty sure they’re
on the same page now. They’re either on the same page, or they’re reading entirely different
books. Fuck it, it’s not important. Hitoshi spit on the number two hero, that’s all that matters.
His magnum opus. He’s peaked.
“I’ve decided that we’re friends,” Todoroki announces.
“What? No,” Hitoshi denies immediately, rudely dragged down from the high of his selfsatisfaction. He knew he had peaked, he called it, it’s only down hill from here, and of course
it’s Todoroki cutting the prime of Hitoshi’s life short. “Vetoed. You can’t do that.”
“I just did.”
“No! That’s not how it works.”
“How would you know? You only have two friends.”
“One friend!” Hitoshi corrects, pointing unabashedly at Midoriya. Midoriya would probably
be sad to have missed such a blatant declaration, but if he wants to hear Hitoshi wax poetic
about him, he’ll just have to fucking wake up, now won’t he? “One, and he’s on thin fucking
ice.”
“My quirk could help with that.”

“It is metaphorical ice, and I think you know that, Todoroki!”
“Call me Shouto.”
“I’m not doing that.”
“Please,” Todoroki says, stilted like he doesn’t use the word often, but entirely shameless. “I
don’t like using the old man’s name.”
Oh, that’s not fair. That’s fighting dirty. No way Todoroki doesn’t know exactly what he’s
doing, no matter how straight a face he manages to keep. He’s been a master manipulator, all
along, and Hitoshi has played right into his hands. It has already been established that Hitoshi
will risk life and limb to spite Endeavor.
“Fuck!” he groans. He scowls fiercely at Todoroki. “Fine. No way I’m using your first name,
though. What’s your hero name? I’ll call you that.”
“It’s Shouto.”
Hitoshi stares at Todoroki. Todoroki stares back. This is bullshit. What kind of world are they
living in? Cornered into first-naming the most infuriatingly obnoxious hero brat he’s ever
met. Hitoshi has never felt such hatred as he does in this moment.
“Of course it is. Fine. I’ll call you Shouto.”
“Thank you,” Todoroki says. He sounds sincerely pleased, which only makes Hitoshi’s scowl
carve itself deeper into his face. “Can I call you Hitoshi?”
“No.”
“And not J—”
“Hell no.”
“Alright. You should also call Izuku Izuku.”
Hitoshi slaps his hands over his ears. To block out the absolute drivel Todoroki is saying, of
course. Not to hide any redness. That would be entirely unnecessary, as there is no redness to
hide.
“I can’t do that,” he hisses. The only people Hitoshi calls by their first names are cats and his
therapist. And on second thought, cats aren’t people and generally only have the one name to
begin with. Todoroki might also be on that list, now, but he doesn’t actually count because
Shouto is his hero name, not his first name, and it’s different, even if it’s actually the same.
“It would make him happy.”
“Todoroki, for the love of god, shut up.”
“Shouto.”

“Fuck you.”
“No thank you.”
“You know what,” Hitoshi declares, bolting to his feet. Now is not the time for this. If
Hitoshi has his way, it will never be time for this. This will die a quiet death, and no one will
mourn it. “I’m going for a walk.”
Hitoshi makes it four stiff steps across the room before the door opens for a whole procession
of people. First comes the Other Guy, pushed forward towards his bed by Manual, who
follows behind. Then Aizawa, who looks critically over Midoriya, as if to ensure that he
hasn’t somehow found more trouble from his hospital bed — which is an absurd notion, but
probably entirely within Midoriya’s capabilities — and then turns his attention to Hitoshi.
“Sit down, Shinsou,” Aizawa says. Hitoshi obeys with poor grace, slumping into his seat,
plastic creaking beneath the sudden brunt of his weight, and crossing his arms. Aizawa
acknowledges the display with only a flat stare, his patented unimpressed resting bitch face.
Last into the room is a tall man wearing a spotted tie that reminds Hitoshi of a dalmatian.
Hitoshi can’t tell if this association is made more or less appropriate by the fact that the man
has the head of a beagle.
“This is Tsuragamae Kenji,” Aizawa says, tipping his towards the man, who raises a hand in
a simple gesture of greeting. “He’s the Hosu Chief of Police. You will listen to what he has to
say. Respectfully.” With his final word, Aizawa gives Hitoshi a pointed look that he’s done
nothing at all to deserve.
“This is, as you may be able to guess, about last night’s confrontation with the Hero Killer,
also known as Stain. The four of you were all either present at the scene or involved after the
fact.” The Chief looks to them each in turn, including Midoriya, and Hitoshi appreciates that
he’s not ignoring the unconscious elephant in the room. “Due to the lack of witnesses, news
of his capture has not yet been publicized, but the sooner a statement is made, the better. I
wanted to discuss this with you all before hand, to prepare you for the contents of the
statement, and to secure your cooperation. Woof.”
“Cooperation?” Hitoshi asks. “I already talked with that detective this morning. I answered
all his questions.” Aizawa shoots him another warning look, even though Hitoshi isn’t even
trying to be defiant and very respectfully did not so much as snicker when the Chief of Police
barked. Apparently a guy can’t even ask legitimate questions around here.
“Given the complex circumstances, we’ve decided that the situation warrants…” the Chief
trails off. His mouth does a weird thing that Hitoshi, certified Cat Person, can’t even begin to
interpret on a canine face. The man sighs, beleaguered. “Well, lets not mince words. It
warrants a cover up.”
“Cover up of what?” Todoroki asks. Hitoshi can’t help but notice that Aizawa doesn’t give
him any kind of look, even though Todoroki is at least three times as likely to ask something
totally out of pocket than Hitoshi is.

“For starters,” the Chief answers, “Iida’s involvement. You’re all aware, I’d hope, that using
a quirk in public, especially for violent purposes, without permission, is punishable by law.
As it is, I’d prefer to leave disciplinary action to UA’s discretion, but if the incident were to
be disclosed, Iida would need to face legal ramifications.”
“Alright, sure,” Hitoshi agrees. Todoroki follows suit with a nod. “Iida wasn’t there. Who
even is Iida? Don’t know him.” Hitoshi’s not even lying, really. Until this very moment,
Hitoshi wasn’t aware that the other guy’s name was Iida. He’s sure Midoriya or Aizawa
probably said his name at some point the night before, but Hitoshi kind of had bigger things
on his mind. Still does, for that matter.
The Chief continues, “To protect everyone’s reputation and anonymity, we’ve decided that
Endeavor should be credited with the Hero Killer’s capture. Woof.”
Hitoshi once again doesn’t laugh at the bark. This time, less out of respect, and more out of
complete and utter disbelief.
“You lost me,” he says.
“He’s the most logical choice,” Aizawa explains. Hitoshi wonders if he should call a nurse.
Obviously, Aizawa has been under a lot of stress, and Hitoshi is beginning to suspect that his
teacher has suffered a mental break. “It’s on record that he was in the city, he has the skill and
strength to incapacitate the Hero Killer, and he’s unaccounted for long enough that he would
have had time to do it.”
“Alright, sure,” Hitoshi allows. “But he didn’t, though?”
“That’s why it’s a cover up, kid,” Aizawa says, raising his brows like he thinks Hitoshi is
stupid or something. Hitoshi mimics the gesture exactly, because one of them is definitely
being stupid here, and it sure as shit isn’t him. “It’s less about giving people credit for what
they did and more about letting people get away with things they shouldn’t have done.”
To Aizawa’s credit, he doesn’t sound happy about the whole business. He sounds exhausted,
even more so than usual, and his words are strung together by a tense thread. He nods his
head to Iida, who sits very stiffly, staring at the ground. “If it comes out that Iida was at the
scene, he’ll need to be expelled, at the very least. If it comes out that I was at the scene, the
attention will be a hit to my career. You’d have the same problem. Endeavor’s our best
option.”
To not-Aizawa’s-credit, being unhappy about the business doesn’t make the business any less
fucking stupid.
Todoroki is still and silent. Typical enough for him, but the look on his face isn’t typical by
any stretch. To start, he’s actually got a look on his face. Hitoshi can say with 100%
confidence that it’s negative, and about 65% confidence that it’s something like frustration.
For a guy with all the expressive range of a department store mannequin, this is an unheard of
level of emotional projection, and Hitoshi finds it disgustingly uncanny, like when movies
use CG to make real animals talk. They’re not supposed to do that. Nedzu is evidence that

the world isn’t ready. Hell, the Chief himself is proof, because he’s got a dog’s head and he’s
spewing absolute bullshit.
The adults exchange a pointed look — that look adults share all the time. It’s that look that
says you are too young to understand but really means we can’t explain this because it
doesn’t make sense, but we’re older than you so be quiet.
“What about Izuku?” Todoroki asks.
“Yes!” Hitoshi says, pointing at Todoroki with both arms because that’s how fucking right he
is. You know a situation is fucked when the most oblivious guy in the room catches on sooner
than the supposedly intelligent adults. “My thoughts exactly!”
“Izuku is in his own kind of trouble,” Aizawa says grimly. “The last thing he needs is more
attention.”
“Why is Izuku in trouble?” Todoroki asks, and now his frustration is not only visible but
audible. “Native and Iida would have died without his help. The Hero Killer has been
causing chaos for months, and Izuku was the first one to actually do anything about it. If you
punish him, then who will do your jobs in the future? Since you obviously can’t do them
yourselves, or we wouldn’t be here to begin with.”
There is a long moment of silence.
“Holy shit,” Hitoshi breathes.
“Todoroki!” Iida reprimands. “That’s an entirely inappropriate accusation!”
Aizawa sighs, holding a hand up to silence Iida’s swelling rant. “Do you mind stepping out?”
he asks the Chief and Manual. I’ll handle this. I know how to reach you.”
Manual leaves almost eagerly, though the Chief lingers for a moment more. “You know I’m
not thrilled about this either,” he tells Aizawa. “If you come up with something better, I’ll
stand behind you. No one deserves to be punished for this any more than they already have
been.” With a last glance at Midoriya, the Chief claps Aizawa on the shoulder and heads on
his way.
Aizawa is silent for a second, before turning again to Todoroki to address his protests. “You
know things are more complicated than that.”
“I don’t know that, actually,” Todoroki counters. The amazing thing is, he’s not even arguing.
Hitoshi couldn’t get away with saying something like that without being written off as a
contrary asshole — which, to be fair, is probably the exact context under which he would
have said it. Todoroki, though — he legitimately does not grasp that this whole situation is a
mess. Even Aizawa seems a bit at a loss in the face of that genuine lack of understanding.
Hitoshi, unfortunately, can’t claim the same ignorance. He’s pretty sure he knows more about
the situation than Todoroki, and he’s positive that he understands more of the nuance. He
knows Midoriya spent a lot of years with what is now the League of Villains. He knows

Midoriya did a lot of bad shit, even if he didn’t want to. He knows that those villains are
probably after Midoriya, and he knows that it’s not villains Aizawa is trying to protect
Midoriya from.
He knows that people can be cruel. He knows that people tend to be very possessive of labels
like hero. He knows that those people will stack the odds in their own favor. He knows that
there is someone who Midoriya really wanted Hitoshi to report him to.
For Hitoshi though, knowing all this doesn’t make the situation worse. More complicated?
Certainly. But knowing more only ever makes a situation better. Here’s the thing: knowledge
is power. Especially for someone like Hitoshi. Brainwashing is the kind of quirk that
demands ammunition, after all. In Hitoshi’s hands, information has always been a weapon.
He just needs to know where to point it and when to pull the trigger.
“Have you been online since yesterday?” Hitoshi asks Aizawa. “Have you turned on a TV?
Hell, that lady was in here last night shouting about how Midoriya was on the news. He’s
already reached critical mass on attention.”
Aizawa is looking at Hitoshi again, but its not that bitchy unimpressed look. He’s listening.
“Tell me what you’re thinking.”
“I’m thinking it’s too late to protect Midoriya from the public. So we use the public to protect
him. Those clones did pose for a lot of photos. Half of Japan is already in love with him.”
“What do we tell them? We can’t go spreading his personal information, especially when he’s
not even awake to consent.” Aizawa’s eyes are sharp. As stupid as he has been today, he is
smart enough to pick up what Hitoshi has put down. Hitoshi is suddenly, keenly aware that
he’s being tested. That he’s being measured. For the first time, Hitoshi is entirely confident in
his ability to impress.
See, Hitoshi is bad with people. He’s awkward, antagonistic, and too often, he speaks without
thinking. Given these well-established facts, it is easy to overlook that Hitoshi is really very
good with people. He knows how they think. He knows what they want. He knows what
they’re afraid of, what they’re fascinated by. Sure, Hitoshi may not know how to interact with
people when he’s not manipulating them, and he tries not to waltz around playing puppet
master in his day-to-day life, but if there’s something he wants? He knows just what buttons
to push to get it. Pushing buttons is kind of Hitoshi’s specialty.
Holy shit. They’ve fallen into a parallel dimension where Hitoshi is the most competent
person in the room. And damn does it feel good.
“They don’t need personal information,” Hitoshi says, leaning forward with a grin. “They
want to know who he is? Easy — he’s Rogue. They want to know where he came from? He’s
a hero student. They want to know his Quirk? Go ahead and tell them what it’s called. Give
them just enough and they’ll be happy to fill in the gaps themselves. Just make sure everyone
knows that he’s a hero. They already believe it, they just need confirmation. And then—”
Hitoshi spreads his hands, and Aizawa picks up where he left off, “Anyone who acts against
him becomes the villain. We tie the Commission’s hands.”

Hitoshi hadn’t realized that it was the Hero Commission that he was plotting against, and
while the revelation admittedly takes a bit of the wind out of his sails, it doesn’t actually
change much. If anything, such a major institution is uniquely vulnerable to the scandal and
ruin that can be brought about by defying public opinion. Hitoshi is still confident that
exposing Midoriya is the best way to protect him, and Aizawa’s grin agrees. That it’s only
temporary solution, though, goes from a possibility to a certainty. Unless Rogue continues to
cause spectacles for the public to gape at, they will eventually move on from him. Hitoshi
highly doubts the Commission will.
Still. That’s a problem for another day. Today, they have a plan. Today, Izuku is safe. He’s
still solidly unconscious, eyes flickering beneath bruised violet lids. Hitoshi likes to think he
looks better than he had that morning, though he shows no sign of waking any time soon.
That’s just fine. He can sleep, for now. The rest of them have things under control.

Suddenly, the face that Tomura would know anywhere is everywhere.
Screens light up all along the street, televisions in shops, phones in hands, billboards and
displays on buildings. The traitor stares down at him from a million different angles. His eyes
aren’t visible, but Tomura can feel them all the same, through that visor, through all these
screens. He looks so fucking happy. He has no fucking right. Tomura tips his head back and
watches the news cast. His hood slips from his head. Anyone could recognize him.
No one does.
They are all too busy watching. Heads tilted up or down towards their broadcast of choice,
faces lit in the sickly LCD glow. It feels like everyone in the world is staring at that face. It’s
not Tomura that the traitor is staring at, then. He’s staring out at the whole world, and the
world is staring back, and none of them see Tomura at all.
“According to our sources, the Hero Killer Stain finally met his match during the attack on
Hosu. After months of terror, Stain is finally in secure custody thanks to the actions of none
other than the Hosu Hero. Already credited with the defeat of two nomu and the rescue of
over 50 civilians, the identity of the Hosu Hero has been a topic of heated discussion the past
two days, and it seems that our questions are finally being answered. The Hosu Hero is in
fact a hero student, operating under the name Rogue—”
It echoes. Broadcast all over the street. All over the city. The country. The world. Tens of
hundreds of thousands of voices all saying the same name, hearing the same name, saying it
back. Saying it like a revelation. Saying it all wrong. They have no idea what it means. No
idea that Tomura had said it first.
Tomura’s ears are ringing as he jams his thumb hard into the button in his pocket. If anyone
screams when the gate appears, he is deaf to it. Maybe they don’t even notice. Maybe the
world is changing without him.

He should have expected this. Should have seen it coming. Rogues are assassins and thieves.
They kill people and they steal things. It’s what they do.
“—interning with an underground hero when the attack began. With that hero’s permission,
Rogue enacted the astonishing rescue efforts that he quickly gained notoriety for.”
Kurogiri is polishing glasses behind the bar, a neat row of them sparkling in front of him.
Who knows why he bothers. It’s not like they have guests. Kurogiri doesn’t drink. Tomura
drinks straight from the bottle. Sensei is dead. There is no one else. There has never been
anyone else.
Tomura has a glass in hand before Kurogiri gets two syllables into his predictable Shigaraki
Tomura, and then that glass shrieks and shatters against the television mounted in the corner
of the room. The screen cracks, a flickering mosaic of broken pixels and broken promises —
freckles, green hair, a smile that Tomura would know anywhere.
“At this point, Rogue’s quirk is still unknown. We’ve been told a full and official statement
will be released by the Hosu Police Department by the end of the week.”
“Turn it off.”
“Shigaraki—”
“I said turn it off, you useless glitch! You are mine. You do what I say. I am the one in charge
here, and I didn’t ask for your fucking opinion.”
Kurogiri turns the television off. The bar falls silent.
Now it is too quiet. Tomura’s head is too loud. He doesn’t know how to turn it off.
Why does nothing ever go the way he wants it to? Why can’t he have one goddamned
moment to breathe? Why can’t he have just one thing? Anything he tries to hold on to, he
destroys. Kurogiri polishes glasses just for Tomura to break.
He is not a person that gets to keep things.

Chapter End Notes

If you’re wondering where tf Mic is in the second scene, he drew the short straw and
had to go to — ugh — work
----Mitsuki: Man up Shouto!
Todoroki: What have I done to deserve this?

Aizawa: I’m a failure and I’m proud
Mitsuki: Louder!
Aizawa: I’M A FAILURE AND I’M PROUD
The Public: We’ve had Rogue for one day, but if anything happened to him, we would
kill everyone in this country and then ourselves.
The Commission: *nervous sweating*
Kurogiri: Now let loose all the sounds that are trapped in your mind
Tomura:
aaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Kurogiri: (☉_ ☉)
----Next Chapter: One for All — Part III
(I fear One for All is going to be the longest chapter of all…)

Chapter 45: One for All - Part III
Chapter Notes

New record — this chapter is longer than High Spec! Why? Genuinely no clue! I simply
cannot be stopped.
Also, know approximately jack squat about Best Jeanist. I just decided he was going to
be Like This.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“I have a question for you,” Best Jeanist says around fifteen minutes after they set out into
the city. Katsuki spares a moment to side-eye him before returning his attention to the street.
This is the first patrol Best Jeanist has deigned him fit to shadow and the last thing Katsuki
needs is to open the door for a lecture about vigilance.
“Gonna ask it?” Katsuki prompts when the man doesn’t speak immediately.
“Why do you think we go on patrols?”
Katsuki purses his lips and huffs through his nose. “To get your steps in,” he proposes dryly,
because patrolling, the way Best Jeanist does it, is basically just a stroll through the
neighborhood.
“It keeps us active, which keeps us sharp,” Best Jeanist says, nodding, unphased by Katsuki’s
sarcasm. It’s infuriating, the way he takes Katsuki so seriously all the goddamned time. “But
you’re stalling. What do you really think?”
Goddamn it. Isn’t it better for Katsuki to consider the question seriously than to shout out the
first thing that comes to his mind? Not that he’s had any kind of revelation in the last 30
seconds. These days, trying to think something through rarely does anything but confuse
Katsuki more. He knows what he thinks the answer is. He also knows that he’s probably
wrong, because he’s always fucking wrong with these dumbass rigged questions. He swears
to god, there’s no winning.
“When we go on patrols,” Katsuki answers through grit teeth, “we can beat up any villain we
see. Stop shit as soon as any idiot tries to start it.”
“True enough,” Best Jeanist allows, a bit thoughtful, as if he hadn’t asked the question
knowing damn well what Katsuki was going to say. “Of course, it’s unusual to come across
any real villains while on patrol. More often than not you’ll be stopping petty thieves, if you
see any action at all.”

He doesn’t say Katsuki is wrong — he rarely does, not directly — but Katsuki can hear hear
it in his reply and the following silence. Expectation hangs in the air, an unspoken demand
that Katsuki try again and that he do better this time. Best Jeanist strolls with his hands
tucked into his pockets, deceptively relaxed. Katsuki stalks along beside him, breathing
carefully in an attempt to regulate the pressure under his skin without blowing a damn gasket.
He glares hard at the sidewalk and thinks.
Bullshit rhetorical questions are Best Jeanist’s favored teaching method, apparently. The first
he had asked, nearly as soon as Katsuki had stepped foot into his agency, was why do you
think I made you an offer?
Because I kicked ass in the sports festival, Katsuki had answered.
He had, of course, answered incorrectly. Not that anyone has seen fit to fill him in on the real
reason. No, he’s supposed to figure that shit out for himself. How he’s supposed to do that
with literally nothing to go on, he doesn’t know.
Honestly, it pisses Katsuki off. The constant questions, yeah, but most of all the way the
questions are phrased. Best Jeanist never asks Katsuki why — no, that would be too straight
forward, not enough of a mind fuck. Instead, it’s always why does Katsuki think. Less a test
of what Katsuki knows than how his brain works. Thing is pretty broken, it turns out, and
Katsuki would rather not have fuckers poking around up there and making his wrongness so
fucking obvious all the time.
As if Hound Dog wasn’t far enough up Katsuki’s ass about this shit. He had been so fucking
thrilled to skip out on a week of therapy, but in the end, he traded two hour-long sessions for
round-the-clock introspection and self-improvement. It was bad enough realizing that he was
wrong about Midoriya. If that was painful, then realizing that he’s a least a little wrong about
nearly everything is excruciating. This isn’t what he signed up for. The universe saw Katsuki
about to have a good time and had to intervene and piss all over him.
Katsuki kind of hates Best Jeanist. He’s obsessive and controlling. Here’s a better question
than why Best Jeanist wanted Katsuki — why the hell did Katsuki accept? Admittedly, that
one’s simple enough to answer, even if Katsuki is cursing his decision in hindsight. Best
Jeanist is the highest ranking hero who made him an offer. Number four. There’s a part of
Katsuki that scoffs at that, because the only rank that really matters is number one, but
considering that Katsuki himself is number fucking nothing, he’s not in a place to look down
on anyone. Best Jeanist might not be the strongest, but he is strong. He’s smart, too, and he’s
got patience enough to put up with Katsuki’s shit. A rare fucking commodity, that.
A lot of people try to change Katsuki. Most of them give up very quickly. They write him off
as a lost cause. Now that Katsuki is the one trying to change, he hates to admit that he gets it.
At least once a day, he gets frustrated enough with himself that he considers giving up on this
whole being better shtick.
Best Jeanist, though? It’s only Wednesday, and he has already combed Katsuki’s hair flat over
two dozen times. Each time it escapes its gel prison — which is every time — Best Jeanist
just clicks his tongue and assaults Katsuki with another comb. It is only Wednesday, and he
has already asked Katsuki over two dozen of his stupid trick questions. Each time Katsuki

gets the answer wrong — which is every time — Best Jeanist just pokes and prods and
pushes until Katsuki finds the right path.
It doesn’t help; it’s not working. Katsuki’s hair is never going to stay in that place. Katsuki’s
first answer is never going to be the right one. But Best Jeanist keeps on, calmly persistent.
Doing the same thing over and over, expecting different results and acting like it isn’t driving
him fucking insane.
He hasn’t given up yet, and Katsuki kind of hates him for it.
“It’s a deterrent,” Katsuki says nearly half a block later. “If there are heroes on the streets,
they can stop shit as soon as it starts. So you’d have to be an idiot to try starting anything to
begin with. Keeps a lot of half-bit low-lives from sinking even lower.”
“Very good,” Best Jeanist praises. “Not all victories have to be fought for. An ounce of
prevention is worth a pound of cure. Most heroes would say that’s the main reason we do
what we do, but there is another.”
Of course there is. It never fucking ends. What else is there? Heroes take down villains. Keep
them off the streets and if they’re dumb-fuck enough to end up there anyway, kick their asses.
That’s the whole point of heroes.
Katsuki flinches away from a high-pitched squeal to his right, glaring over at the responsible
party. The girl, similar in age to Katsuki, is too busy staring at Best Jeanist with stars in her
eyes to notice. She shakes her friend by the elbow, pointing with another obnoxious
exclamation.
“Thank you for keeping us safe!” calls the friend, compensating for the girl’s apparent
inability to speak intelligibly. Eyes creased with a smile, Best Jeanist raises a hand to wave at
them. Katsuki clenches his fists at his side and hunches his shoulders up towards his ears.
When the girls are at their back, Best Jeanist leans towards Katsuki and tells him, “That’s the
third reason.”
“Right. You like getting recognized.”
The hero shrugs, indifferent to the bite in Katsuki’s tone. “You’re right that heroes go on
patrol so people can see us. I’ll even grant you that there’s ego there — more for some than
others, but it’s always flattering. Mainly, though, we want people to know that we’re here.
Why do you think that is?”
Is it fucking economics? Marketing? Whatever bullshit those number crunching business
students learn? Katsuki doesn’t know anything about that shit — god knows the old hag has
tried, he just couldn’t care less.
“I don’t fucking know,” Katsuki snaps. “Why do you think I give a single flying fuck?”
Best Jeanist sighs. “Think about it. This is important. Especially for you, Explosion. With an
attitude like yours, people are going to be afraid of you.”

“They should be.”
“Oh? Should they? These people?” Best Jeanist gestures around them, at the extras milling
through the streets. They glance Katsuki’s way, occasionally, but go back to minding their
own damn business when he curls his lips back from his teeth. Why are so many people out
on a Wednesday afternoon, anyway? Don’t they have work? School?
“That’s not what I fucking meant,” Katsuki growls. “But whatever. If they’re spineless
enough to be afraid of me, fuck them. It’s not my problem.”
Ahead of them on the sidewalk, some snot-nosed brat stops in his tracks, freezing so
suddenly that a jogger coming up from behind nearly trips right over him. The kid adopts a
wide stance, pulling at the hand of the woman beside him, jerking her arm around as he
points towards Best Jeanist and Katsuki. Great. More fucking fans.
“Mama!” the kid shouts, too loud for a public place. His mother at least as the brains to
realize that, wordlessly moving hand down through the air like a volume slider and pressing a
finger to her lips in a bid to shut the kid up. Instead, he speaks again, no quieter than before,
but now with the hissed strain of a false whisper, “It’s that blasty shouty guy! UA, mama!”
Katsuki is caught off guard by his own surprise. People have recognized him since the sports
festival — of course they have. Regardless of where he stood on the podium, he basically
dominated the whole thing. But it’s been three weeks since then, and most of the attention has
died down, especially for the first years, who get the least of it to begin with. So yeah,
Katsuki didn’t exactly expect anyone to be pointing to him when he’s walking next to one of
the top ten. Not to mention some kid with the balls to call Katsuki that blasty shouty guy.
“Aki,” the woman scolds. “Don’t be rude.”
Katsuki is set to ignore them. Dealing with some kid is the last thing he wants to do this
afternoon, and he’s hoping if he glares hard enough while passing them the brat will be too
cowed to demand his attention. Best Jeanist foils that plan, taking a tight grip above Katsuki’s
elbow and bringing them to an abrupt halt. It takes Katsuki a moment to realize why. He can’t
feel the second hand on him through his gauntlet, and he stares uncomprehending at the dirt
under the kid’s nails for a long second. A twitch flutters at the inner corner of his eye as
yanks his gear away from wandering sticky fingers.
“Hands to yourself, kid,” Katsuki barks.
“I’m not scared ‘a you,” the kid announces, standing his ground. Katsuki bristles, then forces
his hackles back down. The kid can’t be any older than five, and there’s no challenge in the
way he holds himself. His chest is puffed up with braggadocios pride, too much ego to fit in
his tiny body. He obviously sees not fearing Katsuki as an accomplishment, as he damn well
should.
“That takes guts,” Katsuki approves grudgingly.
“I got ‘em,” the kid confirms, nodding hard enough that his mother grabs the back of his neck
to restrain the way he is snapping his head about. “I’m gonna win the sports fes’val,

ya’know.”
“Lose the baby teeth, then put your money where your mouth is.”
“I am!” the kid insists. “Mr. Shisho told me so!”
Oh god, is Katsuki supposed to care? He’s physically incapable of giving fewer shits about
whoever has been humoring this kid, but the brat clearly thinks his words are plated in gold
or something. Like Katsuki is meant to be so impressed that some neighbor or teacher has
been telling a child what they want to hear. Katsuki bites his teeth around a dismissal,
conscious of the way Best Jeanist is watching him like he’s a particularly interesting bug.
The kid continues, sparing Katsuki from having to come up with a response, at least for the
moment. “He beat you! He was super cool an’ he won an’ he said I’m gonna win, too, cuz
I’m the best!”
Beat Katsuki? Won? Is this shitty brat — “Are you talking about fucking Eyebags?” Katsuki
demands, aghast. Best Jeanist sighs at his side. “That bastard didn’t win shit! He’s nothing
but a lazy cheat!” The kid blinks, face scrunching up in distress that morphs quickly to
defiance. He opens his mouth, probably to start barking at Katsuki like one of those small
dogs that can never tell when they’re outmatched, but his mother cuts him off, grabbing him
by the shoulders and pulling him close.
“Let’s go, Aki,” she says, face scandalized at Katsuki’s language. Like the kid hasn’t heard
worse on TV or at school or any number of places. She picks the kid up from the ground
when he doesn’t back down, heaving him onto her hip as she nods curtly to Best Jeanist,
without so much as looking Katsuki’s way. “Thank you for your service.”
Katsuki scoffs, pulling his arm away from Best Jeanist. They’ve got more important things to
do than entertain some punk kid. The hero lingers behind for a moment, saying something to
the woman, a brief exchange that Katsuki doesn’t pick up and doesn’t care to, before
rejoining Katsuki with a few long strides.
“That went better than I would have expected,” Best Jeanist comments. “You were doing well
up until the end. Things aren’t as bad as I feared, then.”
“Bad?” Katsuki echoes. “What the fuck kind of things are you even talking about, old man?”
“I’m talking about the reason heroes go on patrols. Have you figured it out, yet?”
“Hah? You’re still on that? No, I haven’t solved your bullshit bridge troll riddle.”
“Think about it,” Best Jeanist repeats. “No license will make you a hero if you don’t
understand what it means.”
Oh, fuck that. Katsuki has had it up to here. He answered the question. If Best Jeanist isn’t
happy with Katsuki’s answer, the man can cry a fucking river, build a bridge, and get over. If
he wants to teach Katsuki something, then he should try just fucking saying it instead of
giving Katsuki the run-around. Hell, Katsuki will take fucking notes if that’s what it takes to

get the guy off his back, but nothing is going to stop Katsuki from being a hero. He’ll be at
the top. Maybe he’ll kick Best Jeanist in the face on his way up, just to prove the point.
He’s going to be a hero, and he’s going to kick the ass of any villain that dares to cross his
path. Who gives a fuck about Best Jeanist’s mythical third reason? What does it matter if the
job gets done? So what if he’s not a fucking philosopher? If his classmates are any indication,
half of all pro heroes are actually dumber than a bag of bricks, so it’s not like Katsuki is
missing something. Don’t even try to tell him that there’s some important lesson that Pinky or
Pikachu understand better than Katsuki.
And even if he is missing something, so what? So what? Whatever it is, Katsuki has gone
fifteen years without noticing it, so it can’t be half as indispensable as Best Jeanist is making
it out to be. Katsuki is going to be a hero, and he’s going to do his job, and he’s going to be
fucking good at it, don’t even dare say he won’t.
Katsuki is strong. Katsuki wins. That’s what strength is for.
But god damn it, what is Katsuki missing? He doesn’t care, it’s not important, but as more
time passes, as they wrap up their patrol, as Best Jeanist walks Katsuki through filing their
report, Katsuki can’t stop thinking about it. It doesn’t matter, but Katsuki doesn’t want to end
this week with Best Jeanist thinking he’s an idiot. Lots of things don’t fucking matter, but
Katsuki is still supposed to be the best of the best. Literature classes are bullshit, pulling
symbols and intent out of thin air like rabbits out of hats, but Katsuki’s grades are still stellar,
because he’s not going to let the inherent stupidity of the subject turn him into a failure.
Katsuki is distractedly tapping the eraser of his pen against one form or another, already sick
of the amount of paperwork needed for a patrol where nothing even happened, when the idle
placidity of the agency shatters. Half a dozen chimes and beeps go off at once, and then
everyone is in a flurry of movement, shouting to each other. Katsuki is frozen in the middle
of it with no idea what’s going on until Best Jeanist grabs him by the wrist and drags him into
the lounge. The TV is already on, and within moments, what seems like the entire agency is
crowded around it. There’s not enough seating for all of them, not with all the heroes, the
sidekicks, and even the administrative staff, so they lean against furniture, against each other,
huddle together in clumps on the floor while tension stretches taut between them all. Katsuki
is left adrift amid the camaraderie, but he barely even notices, not when Hosu is collapsing,
live on screen.
Several explosions have gone off across the city, at least one building has been reduced to
rubble, many more are structurally compromised and burning. Major roadways are blocked.
Nomu, different from the one at the USJ but unmistakably the same kind of abomination,
rampage through the streets. Petty thieves and other scum are taking advantage of the chaos.
Civilians are caught in the crossfire at each and every turn.
“Should we…?” a sidekick wonders.
“No,” Best Jeanist replies. “Hosu’s too far from here. Major attacks like these tend to pull
criminals out of the woodwork nation-wide. We don’t want to spread ourselves too thin to
take care of our own jurisdiction. Unless they call us, we stay where we are. Trust your
peers.”

Trust your peers.
There are other heroes on scene, plenty of them, but Katsuki can only see one. Several of one,
as the case may be, because the nerd is finally showing his hand and one of his cards must be
some body double bullshit. Katsuki’s eyes catch on him immediately, pick him out with
trained ease, but in reality, he’s hardly recognizable. Ultimately, it’s the way he moves that
gives him away.
It’s a little bit controlled and a little bit wild, a little bit trained and a little bit improvised. It’s
altogether too familiar. Katsuki can see bits of himself in it, bits of Hobo-Sensei, bits of
Kirishima and all their other classmates.
Katsuki nearly laughs. What a thief.
Trust your peers.
“Who is that?” a sidekick asks.
“Better question,” someone responds. Katsuki can’t remember if the speaker is an analyst or
a support technician, but it’s some geeky shit like that, and they watch Midoriya like they
want to dissect him. “How are they doing that?”
Okay, yeah, it’s the movement that tipped Katsuki off, but the quirks probably should have
been the most obvious tell. The thing is, Katsuki has never actually seen Midoriya in action,
and there’s a moment where Katsuki can’t comprehend it any more than the people around
him. Even knowing that Midoriya can steal quirks and use them for himself, even having
seen him do it with Explosion, it doesn’t click right away. Hazy memories of thin smoke and
small sparks in the wrong hands crowd to the front of Katsuki’s mind, but it’s hard to scale
that moment up, to see how that pathetic display grew into this. Midoriya isn’t a scared child
any more.
Midoriya is a fucking monster.
Trust your peers.
Midoriya is a fucking monster, and that knowledge seeps through Katsuki, cold in the
objective truth of it. Knowing Midoriya is a monster is the same as knowing that someday the
sun will explode. It’s the kind of thing that’s easy to forget, maybe partially because it’s so
damned uncomfortable to think about.
Knowing it now doesn’t feel like it did before, not like the anger and hatred and bitter,
vengeful fear that Katsuki has been hiding from for so long. Midoriya is not a monster for
hurting Katsuki, for forgetting about him, for lying, for coming back, for being so stubborn
and so principled. Contrary to what Katsuki has believed for so long, Midoriya is not a
monster for anything that he has done.
It’s everything that he could do. Not just to Katsuki. To anyone. To the whole world. It’s all
the things that he could do, and it’s the fact that if he wanted to do them, no one could stop
him.

How many quirks does he have? How hard is it for him to take them? How many can he use
at once? How well can he use them together? If he wanted to hurt someone, could anyone
really stop him? He gave Katsuki’s quirk back of his own accord. He forced the retreat at the
USJ. He sabotaged himself in the sports festival. He only lost when he wanted to. And when
he wanted to win, he did. He made off with Eraserhead’s quirk without anyone even noticing.
He killed his father, some terrible villain. He played Katsuki like a cheap kazoo during the
cavalry battle.
Trust your peers.
Midoriya has a little girl in his arms. Her face is pressed into the side of his neck. The girl
clings to him for a moment before realizing that the woman trying to pull her away is her
mother. The both of them cry, and all three of them smile.
Midoriya is a monster. A quirk like his shouldn’t exist, and that’s a fundamental truth. To be
able to take quirks is inhumane, and to be able to do with them what Midoriya can is flat out
inhuman.
But the people on the ground don’t know the difference between a monster and a miracle.
No.
Actually, no. Fuck that.
They know. Maybe they don’t have all the facts, maybe they don’t realize all the existentially
horrifying implications of Midoriya’s power, but there’s no way those extras don’t see what
he’s capable of without realizing that they are wholly and completely at his mercy. No way
they don’t realize that he is just as dangerous as the nomu and the fires that he is rescuing
them from. They know he is a monster.
They just don’t care.
Katsuki thinks he might finally understand what Best Jeanist was getting at.
Trust.
That’s the fucking difference. It’s so obvious; Katsuki has never felt so stupid in his life.
What does it fucking matter if Midoriya’s a monster? A quirked world is a world full of
monsters. No one lives free of the awareness that there are a great many people who could
very easily hurt them very badly. Heroes and villains are the same, in that way. It takes a
monster to fight a monster. The heroes, the miracles, are just monsters that can be trusted to
show mercy.
People know the difference because, in all the ways that matter, they are the difference. I am
here, that’s what All Might says, it’s his catchphrase. Katsuki had a doll that said it at the
push of a button. The words are iconic, and the only reason they have any meaning at all is
because hearing them makes people feel safe.

All Might has always been Katsuki’s hero. He’s strong. He wins. How had Katsuki missed
that he does it for a fucking reason?
Katsuki’s next session with Hound Dog suddenly seems too far away. God, his life has gone
to shit. Actually wanting a half-feral man to dissect his feelings is a new low. He’s probably
going to break out his stupid little emotion wheel and work Katsuki through it until he can
identify what he’s feeling as something other than anger.
Katsuki’s been getting better at it.
He thinks he’s been getting better.

Getting to sleep is like trying to catch a stray cat, for Hitoshi. He chases the wily thing for
ages. Sometimes, he’ll think he has it, only for the cat to slip right out of his hand like its
bones just turned to liquid. This has been Hitoshi’s life for — oh, years, now. It’s terrible and
he hates it, but it is what it is. You can’t just expect a cat to be cooperative, after all. It’s not
in their nature. The last couple of days, though, the cat has had this innovative new idea
called biting. Every time Hitoshi gets his hands on it, it positively mauls the shit out of him,
which forces him to drop it and start the whole ordeal from the beginning. After about the
three nights of this, he’s really starting to wonder if the cat is even worth chasing, because he
already knows how it’s going to end, which is to say poorly.
Hitoshi rubs his hands over his face, rolls over in bed, and sighs. Alright, it’s not a perfect
metaphor. There has never been a cat that he hasn’t been willing to chase. The very idea is
absurd. Izuku probably would have come up with something better.
Midoriya, that is. Midoriya Izuku. Hitoshi can call him Izuku in his own head. He’s allowed
to do that. He can do whatever he wants. Of course, this is ignoring the fact that Hitoshi
doesn’t really want to be thinking about Izuku at all. Sometime in the night, he exhausted all
the safe thoughts, and now he’s wandering into dangerous waters. The kinds that have sea
monsters looping in and out of the waves on old maps. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Those thoughts
are sea serpent territory, and Hitoshi’s skill set of being an asshole and manipulating the
media really doesn’t extend to fighting a leviathan out on the water. Hitoshi can barely swim,
actually. Unfortunately, Hosu kind of shoved Hitoshi right into the deep end and holy shit
there’s a sea serpent in the pool. This is an experience Hitoshi is sure everyone can relate to.
Just imagine how many teeth a sea monster would have. Way too many. Then — there is
blood in the monster’s mouth and there is blood in Hitoshi’s mouth and there is blood
everywhere.
Hitoshi forces his eyes back open.
He wonders if Izuku has nightmares. Probably, right? Izuku’s not exactly the most hardened
and stoic of individuals. Hitoshi doubts that all that teary-eyed softness is confined to waking

hours. Not to mention all the shit Izuku has seen and done and been subjected to. Most days,
he looks nearly as tired as Hitoshi. Yeah, Izuku probably has nightmares, too.
Hopefully not while he’s in a coma. Damn, that would suck. That would definitely be worse
than being bitten by a metaphorical cat. Izuku’s nightmares must be way worse than
Hitoshi’s, too. Again, boy has seen some shit. And done some shit. And been subjected to
some shit. Now that Hitoshi’s thinking about it, Izuku really shouldn’t be such a fucking
delight, considering how shitty basically his entire life has been. Like, how does he manage
that? Who gave him the right?
Wait, no, Hitoshi was going somewhere with that. He’s… not sure where. Oh no, the Cat is
spreading. It’s gotten into his thoughts. All his thoughts are cats now. Who let them out of
their bag? How the hell is Hitoshi supposed to herd them into something coherent? Life is
hopeless and Hitoshi kind of wants to cry.
What’s even gotten him into such a snit, huh? A little bit of blood? A little bit of caught-in-aterrorist-attack? A little bit of faced-a-serial-killer-for-ten-seconds? A little bit of best-friendalmost-died? Is that all? Most of the blood was Izuku’s. Hitoshi is pretty sure the terrorist was
Izuku’s brother. Izuku actually fought the serial killed for nearly ten whole minutes. Izuku is
the one who almost died.
Nothing even happened to Hitoshi. Seriously, he walked away from Hosu with nothing worse
than half a dozen bruises and a handful of superficial scrapes. All he did was follow Aizawa
around. He was a background character. Less. He was like a nameless extra whose face never
even showed up in frame. In this movie, Hitoshi’s just, like, a flash of wrist or something, a
set of legs that crosses behind the main character while they handle some protagonist-worthy
dilemma like confronting a serial killer or getting kidnapped by an abomination or becoming
famous overnight.
…Jesus Christ, he needs to get some sleep.
Rationally, Hitoshi knows that seeing a terrible thing is, in and of itself, a terrible thing, but
fuck that. How is Hitoshi supposed to be a hero if he can’t even handle this shit? Nothing
happened! He didn’t fight, he was never in any danger, he barely saw any of the destruction.
Even Izuku turned out fine in the end. He’s literally sleeping it off while Hitoshi can’t sleep at
all.
Hitoshi has got to get it together. Underground heroes have to deal with some of the most
deplorable shit humanity has to offer. Human traffickers aren’t going to leave bodies in
collapsed buildings where Hitoshi won’t even have to see them — no, that would be a
kindness compared to the shit they do, the shit Hitoshi is going to have to see and fight
through.
Maybe he’s not cut out for this.
The thought makes Hitoshi feel like a tin can. Empty and fragile and sharp around the edges.
A tin can can’t be a hero. Of course it can’t. Everyone told it it couldn’t, and it didn’t listen,
because it’s a stupid fucking tin can! At least cans don’t have ears. At least it has an excuse.
What does Hitoshi have, huh? Spite and a contrary disposition, that’s what.

Hitoshi can’t be a hero, they say? Well, he’ll show them just how wrong they are. Oh? What
do you mean he has to actually do it, now? Can’t he just bitch about it very loudly? No?
That’s not enough? And what if he can’t follow through? Then he’ll just have to be all
depressed and pathetic for the rest of forever? Cool, cool. Sounds like a plan.
“Are you awake?”
For a disorienting moment, Hitoshi thinks this is another question in the line of rhetorical in
his head, and for that moment Hitoshi thinks himself a moron, because of course he’s awake,
he can’t sleep, that’s the whole fucking problem. Then Hitoshi realizes that there’s no reason
for one of his internal question to be asked in his father’s voice, and then Hitoshi realizes that
it is, in fact, his father who asked the question, speaking through the closed door of Hitoshi’s
bedroom.
While Hitoshi has been chasing cats and fleeing from sea monsters, Friday has officially
given way to Saturday. He presses the heels of his palms against his eyes, hard enough that
rainbow blobs dance around in the indigo dimness of the room when he drops his hands back
down to the bed.
“Yeah,” Hitoshi calls in response to his father, lest the man starts thinking he’s dead or
something. He drags himself upright, swinging his legs off his bed and slouching there while
the blood rushes from his head.
“Are we headed back to the hospital this morning?”
We. Implying that his father would be staying this time. He didn’t see patients on the
weekend, so he would be able to, and he hasn’t made any attempts to disguise his curiosity
about Izuku. Hitoshi has mentioned the other boy before, but never by name and not
frequently or in any amount of detail. As far as his father knew, Izuku was just Hitoshi’s
training partner. That is, until Hitoshi called in a panic because everything went wrong and
Izuku got hurt and Hitoshi didn’t know if he was going to be okay and could his dad please
come right away? So his dad did, and he stayed at the hospital all night because Hitoshi
didn’t want to leave, which means he definitely knows that Izuku is not just Hitoshi’s training
partner and has probably also cottoned on to the fact that Izuku is no ordinary hero brat,
either.
Hitoshi has been silent long enough that his father prods him to answer.
“…Nah.”
Hitoshi doesn’t think he can take any more of staring at Izuku without doing something
regrettable. Not with Todoroki pulling the most embarrassing suggestions out of thin air, not
with his father watching all keen-eyed and observant, not with Aizawa’s knowing sighs, not
with Hitoshi’s own lack of rest. Nobody needs Hitoshi to do anything impulsive and illadvised. Now still isn’t the time for this. Hitoshi is still fairly sure that it will never be time
for this.
“Are you going to get up?” his father asks after a long pause. “Or am I not being honored
with your presence, today?”

“Yeah,” Hitoshi replies. It occurs to him a few seconds later, once he is on his feet, that his
answer was entirely unclear, but his father was clearly satisfied enough not to seek
clarification.
By the time Hitoshi makes his way into the kitchen, his father is already there, leaning
against the counter into front of the coffee maker, with a mug cupped between his hands.
“Pot’s ready?” Hitoshi asks.
“Mhmm,” his father hums against the rim of his mug.
Hitoshi retrieves his own mug from the cabinet, looking forward to being feeling even
somewhat human again. When he turns to the coffee maker, his father raises his brows.
Hitoshi narrows his eyes. They stares at each other for a moment. Hitoshi’s father says
nothing, leaning back with his legs crossed at the ankle and his elbows braced on the counter
top behind him. He’s a picture of a lazy Saturday morning, relaxed and rumpled, like he
doesn’t have a care in the world — and Hitoshi has no doubt that the way he has positioned
himself between Hitoshi and the coffee maker is a premeditated attack.
“Name your price,” Hitoshi bargains.
“Talk to me.”
“We’re talking now.”
His father doesn’t budge. “Tell me what you’re thinking.”
“You expect me to think before I’ve had my coffee?”
“I expect you couldn’t sass me, otherwise.” Damn it. Point Dad.
“The sass is part of my autonomic nervous system, actually.” Good recovery. Scores are all
tied up.
“Hitoshi,” his father sighs, visibly sagging. Hitoshi counts this as a win. He would be proud,
except his father giving in so easily can only be a bad sign. A conversation important enough
for his father to back out of banter is not a conversation Hitoshi wants to have, especially
when he can hardly think. His father continues, “Why does this have to be so hard? I just
want to understand what’s going on with you. I could start guessing.”
“Or you could simply step to the side.”
“Yeah, no.”
“I could… steal it?”
“Yeah, right. Try again when you’re taller than me. If you ever make it that far.”
“I’m 5’11 now, you know,” Hitoshi tells him seriously. “Your days are numbered. I’m coming
for you.”

“How?” his father asks, legitimately confounded. “You never sleep and you’ve been addicted
to caffeine since you were twelve. How are you doing this?”
“I’m naturally gifted.”
“There’s nothing natural about it.” With another sigh, Hitoshi’s father shakes his head. He
eyes Hitoshi up and down. Unfortunately, he is not eying the paradoxical length of Hitoshi’s
legs, but rather Hitoshi as a whole, more concerned than confrontational. He had taken the
bait but hadn’t stayed on the hook. Shit. “Did you get any sleep last night?”
“…No,” Hitoshi reluctantly admits.
“None?”
“Not a wink.”
“That’s not normal,” his father says. He runs a hand through his hair, clumping it together
into chunky spikes that stand out at angles even odder than usual. “This is because of your
internship, isn’t it? Or are you going to try to convince me that the timing is a coincidence.”
“No.”
Hitoshi fidgets, resting his weight on the kitchen table. He doesn’t like where this is going.
He preferred talking about the two things he truly excels in: height and snark. Why talk about
all the ways he is coming up metaphorically short when they can instead talk about how he is
literally almost six feet tall? Wow! That’s taller than his father was at this age! Hitoshi is so
talented and impressive. He would like to talk about that, please.
“What’s going on?” his father asks instead. “If something’s bothering you, that’s only normal,
Hitoshi. You went through something traumatic. I can help—”
“You’re not my therapist,” Hitoshi cuts him off.
“I know that!”
“Then stop treating me like a patient!”
“I’m not!” his father snaps.
It is a rare day that Shinsou Toshiyuki raises his voice. Rumor has it that children across the
world shudder when he does. He is normally so controlled, measured and thoughtful in
everything he does, even the teasing. It’s almost gratifying to see him bent out of shape,
except Hitoshi always feels like he’s two years old when his father uses this tone, and a twoyear-old wouldn’t know what the word gratifying even means.
The man puts his mug down, ceramic clacking loudly against the counter. Stiffly, he turns to
the coffee machine behind him, stabbing at a few buttons until he has a second mug in hand.
Collapsing into his chair at the kitchen table, he places the mug at Hitoshi’s hip. It’s a peace
offer, or maybe a bribe. Hitoshi isn’t above either of those things. Cautiously, Hitoshi slinks

from his seat on top of the table into the chair across from his father and claims the drink. His
father doesn’t look at him, eyes closed as he exhales a long, heavy breath through his nose.
Okay, so Hitoshi can’t really say that it’s gratifying but there is something about seeing his
father legitimately upset that is kind of reassuring, sometimes. Most of the time the man
seems so collected that it makes Hitoshi feel like he’s falling apart in comparison. It’s nice to
be reminded that everyone — even successful, patronizing psychologists — is trying hard to
hold things together; some people are just better at pretending that others. Hitoshi is not the
only mess in this room, he’s just the only one who leaves the mess out where others can see
it.
With that realization and the imminent promise of caffeine reaching his bloodstream, Hitoshi
feels a bit more human, a bit more settled, and also significantly more embarrassed about his
outburst.
“I am allowed to care about your feelings,” Hitoshi’s father says, finally opening his eyes and
staring relentlessly at Hitoshi as soon as he does. “When you’re upset, I want you to feel
better. I want to help you feel better. Me trying to do that isn’t me psychoanalyzing you. It’s
my job, not as a doctor, but as a parent, and I don’t appreciate you using my career to belittle
that.” He takes another breath. “I’m sorry if I’m smothering you. You don’t have to tell me
anything — not before you’re ready or not at all. I want to help, but this isn’t about what I
want. It’s about what you need. If that’s space, then you’ll get it. But if you don’t give me
anything to work with, I’m going to get it wrong sometimes, and I can’t be repeating this
conversation every time I do.”
Hitoshi scalds his tongue on his coffee. It’s worth it — both for the coffee itself and to keep
his mouth occupied. He’s hoping that he can stall his father into continuing, but he just
crosses his arms, waiting Hitoshi out. Ugh, he’s so goddamn patient, honestly, fuck him.
Probably, Hitoshi owes him an apology as well, because Hitoshi is an ass on his best days and
his father has the misfortune of having to support him through it all.
Except he doesn’t. Hitoshi glares into his mug, the light above them glaring off the blackness
of the liquid inside, reflection wavering as Hitoshi taps his fingers against the mug’s side. It’s
not like Hitoshi is upset for no reason. He fucking exhausted, but it’s not like he’s a toddler
who’s overtired and refusing to tap a nap. All things considered, Hitoshi knows that he’s
lucky to have his father. He went 50/50 with parents — one pretty shit, and one pretty great.
Yes, his father is great, and Hitoshi should be grateful. He is, but there are just some things
where his father is so monumentally unhelpful, and Hitoshi doesn’t believe that he has ever
even wanted to help. He doesn’t want to help, and he doesn’t want to listen, and he doesn’t
give a single fuck how Hitoshi feels about it. Hitoshi’s feeling very tin-can-esque again,
except now someone has dug him out of the trash and is kicking him down the street.
“Do you think I can be a hero?” he asks. It’s ill-advised, but he’ll blame the lack of sleep.
“Of course I do.” The immediacy of the answer is astounding and not at all what Hitoshi was
expecting. They’ve done this song and dance before — at least, Hitoshi has sung the song
and his father has danced around it.

“A month ago, you were still trying to talk me out of it.” Granted, that was a month ago, and
Hitoshi has noticed that his father has been… better with the sighing and the hinting and the
overall sucking, but a month just isn’t all that long next to a decade.
“I never once told you you couldn’t be a hero,” his father says. Hitoshi can’t contain his
snort.
“You didn’t need to! Spite and a contrary disposition, right?”
Hitoshi’s father leans back like Hitoshi has struck him. The shock and hurt in his eyes give
way quickly to guilt, which in turn worms its way into Hitoshi’s own stomach, though he
makes no move to take back what he’s said. There’s no reason for Hitoshi to feel guilty. If his
father is going to feel bad when Hitoshi brings up shit he said, he shouldn’t have said the shit
to begin with.
“Hitoshi… I said that once when you were 13. I shouldn’t have said it at all. I didn’t know
you… I didn’t even realize you remembered that. I’m sorry.”
“Yeah, well. You were right.”
“Right?” his father echoes. “Right about what?”
“Right!” Hitoshi repeats, with a frustrated, meaningless gesture at the tabletop. “I’m spiteful
and I’m contrary! That’s the only reason I’ve gotten as far as I have, and it’s not even
enough! Everyone told me I couldn’t be a hero, but I never listen to shit, even when they’re
telling the truth! I’m worse than a fucking tin can!”
“A tin—” Hitoshi’s father cuts himself off and shakes his head, dismissing the nonsense
comparison. “The truth?” he asks instead, which is probably the important bit, even if Hitoshi
would rather he not focus on that part. “Hitoshi, no. None of those people knew what they
were talking about. None of them even knew you.”
“Well maybe they did!” Hitoshi argues, because god knows he is nothing if not contrary.
“Maybe they knew me well enough to know I didn’t have what it takes. Maybe I was the one
who made it all about my quirk, because I didn’t want them to be right! Maybe it was easier
to tell myself that they were all bigots than it was to admit that I’m a pathetic, cowardly—”
“Hitoshi!” his father interrupts, voice easily overpowering Hitoshi’s, despite the way his
volume had been escalating as he went on. “Stop that! Right now!”
Hitoshi’s teeth click together with enough force to make a dentist cry and then clench harder
still. The apartment is abruptly and uncomfortably quiet. Hitoshi’s father stares at Hitoshi,
emotion painted across his face as messy and inscrutable as a Jackson Pollock. Hitoshi
presses his hands over his eyes until an oil slick of color bursts behind them. He shouldn’t
have gotten out of bed this morning. He should have just gone to the hospital and faced the
fucking sea monster. Why did he ever think his father would be the easier option?
“Alright,” Hitoshi’s father breaks the silence. He pushes himself away from the table and
pours two more cups of coffee, even though Hitoshi is only half-done his first. “We aren’t

having this conversation here. The kitchen is a terrible place to cry; if we’re crying, we’re
doing it on the couch.”
“I’m not crying,” Hitoshi denies, and it’s true no matter how petulantly the words come out.
“Well I might. Jury’s still out. Come on. Up you get.”
Unyielding, Hitoshi’s father herds him over to the couch, staging the scene so they’re seated
on opposite sides but facing towards each other. There are two blankets folded over the back
of the couch, and he pulls them both down, tossing one into Hitoshi’s lap. The couch is
hardly big enough to accommodate the combined length of their legs, so Hitoshi folds his
own against his chest, cocooning himself in his blanket while his father wraps his own more
loosely around his own shoulders. The sit with their blankets and warm drinks as if summer
isn’t rapidly approaching, staring at each other.
“I have never wanted you to be a hero,” Hitoshi’s father eventually admits,
uncharacteristically brittle.
This isn’t news to Hitoshi. For as long as he can remember, he’s known. He’s glad that his
father has finally said it outright, glad that they don’t have to keep pretending. He’s glad,
really. He bites the inside of his cheek to keep his mouth from wobbling.
“But Hitoshi,” his father continues, “that was never about you. It was about me.”
“Are you really going to give me the it’s not you, it’s me speech?” Hitoshi asks flatly.
“I guess I am,” his father confirms, with a strained smile that Hitoshi doesn’t return. He bites
his cheek so hard he thinks he might draw blood, and upon thinking that, immediately stops
with the biting. “I am so sorry, Hitoshi. I never realized just how badly I was hurting you, and
I have no excuse for that. I have never thought that you aren’t good enough. There is nothing
wrong with you. You are clever, brave, dedicated, and easily my favorite person in the whole
world. When I told you you’d be amazing, I meant that.”
Hitoshi swallows. “Then why…?”
His father tilts his head back, looking up at the ceiling like he’s hoping to receive all his
answers from above. He runs his hands through his hair again. Haltingly, he begins, “Trying
to do something that someone has told you you can’t isn’t cowardly. A coward listens. I…
have never been brave.” He laughs, but it quickly becomes a groan. “God, that’s not
something anyone wants to admit. Especially not to their kid. But it’s true. I just…
“The discrimination wasn’t as bad when I was your age. It was easier, then, to get away with
keeping your quirk to yourself. Of course, the discrimination was still bad enough that I
learned the necessity of keeping to myself when I was very young.”
Hitoshi blinks, surprised for a moment by the realization that his father has lived a lot of life
that Hitoshi knows nothing about. He has never given his father’s relationship to his quirk
much thought, which is a gross oversight in retrospect, but it just never occurred to him. He
has only ever known his father as an established and well-respected professional, held in high

esteem for both his practice and his research. With a quirk so similar to Hitoshi’s own —
arguably more invasive, if anything — Hitoshi should have questioned just how his father got
to this point.
“I enjoy my work,” his father continues, “but it was never a dream of mine. I never really
bothered to have a dream. Even when I was a child, I was already thinking very practically
about my situation. I found a field where everyone’s first reaction to my quirk was that’s
fascinating instead of that’s revolting. And I still don’t use it. Every time anyone suggests a
project or a study that could make use of it, I shut them down, because even done ethically,
with consent and supervision, tampering with someone’s brain that way would invite scrutiny
that I simply don’t want to handle.
“When your quirk presented, after your mother… I knew it was going to be so much worse
for you. And when you started saying that you wanted to be a hero, that terrified me.
Learning to live with a broken thing is so much less dangerous than trying to fix it.” He
sounds defeated and ashamed in a way Hitoshi has never heard.
“Some things are worth getting hurt over,” Hitoshi says quietly. It’s a struggle to force the
words out, but it makes his father look at him again. The man smiles and shakes his head.
“For you, maybe,” he sighs. “It’s my job to keep you safe, you know? That has always
included telling you not to do dangerous things. Don’t play with fire, don’t stick that up your
nose, don’t pull on that feral cat’s tail.”
“Don’t be a hero.”
“Exactly. I’ve been trying to learn to let you make those choices for yourself. Trying to
support you better.
“I’ve noticed,” Hitoshi admits.
“I’ve got work yet to do. It feels so wrong, to let you run off into danger. You’re still so
young.” He nudges Hitoshi’s ankle with his own. “My little Jellybean.” For what is probably
the first time since he reached double digits, Hitoshi doesn’t protest the name.
“Do you think I should stop?” he asks.
“No,” his father answers, without the need for clarification or, apparently, hesitation.
“But—”
“Hitoshi, I’m sorry it took me so long to understand what this meant to you, but you have
always known what you want. Don’t join the ranks of the people who have told you you can’t
do it.”
“But—”
“Where is my spiteful, contrary son?” his father demands, jabbing Hitoshi’s shins with his
toes until Hitoshi catches the offending foot between his knees. “If you think you can’t do it,
for even a moment, that’s just an opportunity for you to prove yourself wrong.”

…Damn it. Hitoshi doesn’t care if they’re on the couch, he is not going to cry about this. He
pulls his blanket fully over his head. Tears are like trees in forests. If there’s no one around to
see them, did they really fall? Or something like that.
“I was so scared,” Hitoshi confesses. “And so useless.”
His father makes a disapproving sound. “Aizawa came to speak with us three weeks ago. You
have had exactly eight training sessions, and three days of internship experience, including
the day of the attack. No one expected you to not be afraid, and no one expected you to save
the day. Not because you are a coward or useless or anything like that, but because no one
would have wanted you to be put in that situation in the first place. Not so soon. Anyone in
your position would have been terrified, Hitoshi.”
“Midoriya wasn’t,” Hitoshi can’t help but point out.
His father pauses long enough that Hitoshi feels compelled to peak out of his blanket fortress
to see his expression. His mouth is pursed, pulling at the corners as he visibly weighs his
response.
“I don’t know much about your friend,” he begins carefully, “but I know enough to say that
you shouldn’t be comparing yourself to him. I’ve gotten the impression that he’s not
exactly… normal.” He holds up a hand, stopping Hitoshi before he can start. “And before
you get defensive, I don’t mean that in a bad way. Maybe I should say his circumstances
aren’t exactly normal. Again, I don’t know anything about him, really, because someone
never saw fit to tell me that he was close enough with his training partner to agonize at his
bedside for days—”
“Dad.”
“Right. Sorry. My point is that being able to face death without flinching doesn’t make him
better than you. It just means that he’s not afraid to die. It may look like strength, but it’s not,
Hitoshi. It’s suffering. Whatever happened to your friend to make him capable of that at your
age? I hope you never experience anything like it.”
Hitoshi stares at his knees. He knows that Izuku’s strength — because it is a kind of strength,
no matter what his father says — is born from pain. It’s the kind of strength that’s forced on
people. It’s a weight that they only learned to bare because their only other choice was being
crushed beneath it. Hitoshi knows that. He would never in a million years want that kind of
strength for himself.
And he’ll never have it, at least not the way Izuku does. His father’s hopes are sound. He
would never allow Hitoshi to go through what Izuku did. He would never put Hitoshi through
that.
“You’re plenty brave enough,” Hitoshi’s father tells him. “Braver than me, that’s for sure.
Hell, you called the Hero Killer a fuck face. I think I would have actually shit my pants even
just hearing you say that.” That startles a laugh out of Hitoshi, and he pops his head free of
his blankets to stare at his father in delighted surprise.

“He was a fuck face,” Hitoshi insists wetly.
“I’m sure he was, but there are some things you just don’t say to a serial killer.”
Hitoshi laughs again, and just like that, the banter is back.
There is still an uncatchable cat to contend with, a sea monster between Hitoshi and his
comatose best friend, and a tin can that may or may not be deluding itself, but hey — those
are all just stupid metaphors. Hitoshi’s metaphors never make sense, yet here he is, creating
fun new ways to stress about things. He’ll just leave the metaphors to Izuku, yeah?

When Izuku wakes, his family is with him.
His family is always with him, when he wakes.
His father hums, disjointed stints of melody, broken apart by the gaps in his memory. He has
one hand on Izuku’s head, a grounding weight. Kurogiri keeps the lights low and the room
warm. His touch is cool and unfamiliar, fingers solid only for the time it takes to prepare an
IV or redress a wound. Tomura sits on the floor next to the bed, playing games on his handheld. He dies more often than he should, and each time he does, he glances Izuku’s way.
Yearning claws through Izuku’s guts. His heart jumps.
His father s̸̝͂̓ h̴̙͓̀ ȗ̶̞͔̮͙ ș̷͌̔̚͜ͅh̷̫̿̕͘ è̴̮̟͚̺ s̶̬̫̫͈̊̿̇ him. Tomura s̷m̵i̸l̷ e̸s̸ Izuku’s f̶̢̛̯̝̥̱̹͎̓͌̒͌͠͝ͅ a̴̡͎͚̥̼͖̙̰͋ v̷̡̗̣͖̟͆̋͌̉̃̕o̶̮̤̯̼̖̎͑ r̸͇̔͛͒̑̌͘͠į̵̜̞̠̠͖̆͑̓̃͜t̷̡͖̠͙͆̓̈́̈́̉̎͋̚ͅ e̶̗̩̬̜̅̃̔ͅ ̵͔̞̫̘̝̘̃̐s̵̞̬̾̔͑ m̴͙̱͉͍̯̿̿͋̑̉͌͂̏͝ į̵̹̟͎̝̼̤̱̔̈́̈́l̶̢̨̪͙̤͎̪̈́̈̈̌̇̕ͅͅ e̷̜͌ͅ , s̴̥̀ȉ̴̧̛͕ m̵̛̮̙̚ p̵̖͒̕l̶̘͊ ë̶̛̦ ̴͇̃̓a̴̟̻͋ n̵̢̟̈́̊ d̷̜̋
̷̭́̾ü̴͔͇̅ n̴͙̋̐͜d̸̝̋ e̸̗͔͆̍ ř̷͙̰ s̵͔̉͋ t̶͙̘͝a̷̲͕̿̀t̵͇̦̃̒ ȅ̶̱ d̸̗͂ , with no threat or blood lust caught between his teeth. Kurogiri h̸̼́ o̸̯͘ l̷̝͠d̵̪͊ s̴̗̊ Izuku’s
arm, g̴e̸n̶t̸ l̷ y̸ stilling him when his stirring movements t̸̩́ū̷̬ g̵̱͠ ̷̫͗t̴̹͑ h̶̥͑ e̷̅ͅ ̸͓̐I̵̘̒ V̷̤͌ at the crook of his arm.
What… what did ȟ̷̩͝͝ͅ i̸͛̏ͅ s̶̢̨̯̜͉͓̏́͐̈́͂̇́ ̵̹̱͍̜̀̎́̌͜f̷̝̙͍̿́a̷̦̙̾̽͒͋̉̕t̵̢̙̪͖̂͜͠h̶̡͓͔͈͛͆͘̚͜ è̴̤͙̹͗̔̽̓ r̵̩̙͆̇͆͌̀'̸̩̟͙̗͉̻́ś̶̟ ̴̱̈́̂̉͘v̶̫̫͙̲̈̀͊͆̆̑ o̶̘̲͈̗͍̘̅͌̃̾̅̐ i̵̲͇̍̐ c̸̟͎͈͗͆̅ ȩ̵̻͍͇̣̙̅̆̔͐͝ ̸̫̼͌̍̓̕s̴̢̟̄͋̅̋͂̃o̶̧̝͙͓̝̜͋̽̕u̶̧̟̥̘̥̫̗̇ n̸̡͓̹̭̺͗̍ d̴̗̼̣̮͍̄̊̔̉̈́ͅ ļ̵̶̢̦̲̪̘̝̟́͗͌͆͌͝ỉ̷̲̫͈̹̺͚̓̚ͅ k̶̦̺̹̎͆̃̋̓ é̶̛̥̹̳̖̰̳̜͂ ?̷͈̏́̓̌

ḧ̶̛̳́́̎͂̋̓͐ e̴̥̘̦̖̮͓̱͍̮̒̔͒̃ h̴̵̡̨̡̡̡̩̞̜̩̼̦͖̘̘̩̬̲͖̓̀̌̄̒͛̈́͐̆̑̅͑͠ ú̶͔̫̼͔̗̓̓͐͂͌̑̐̕͝m̴̡̪͕̼̦͉͕͙̗̺̞̏̍́ m̶̧͈̼̞̙͉̹̈́͌̐̇̍̈́̈́̈ i̷̞̼̫͓̠͋͛̉͛͐̈̓ n̵̫̙͚̱͕̗̟̟̞̽̈̽̍ ģ̴̩̹̩̞̲̻̝͎̃?̷͔̞́̀͐̏̍̾͌͘͝
Ẇ̷̧̺̣̭͖͓̮̲̞̀̽́͜͜ḣ̷̢̡̥͉̕a̵̢̛͓̰̪͉̅́̋̆̏t̴̛̙͈̞̝͛̇̈̄̐̈́͝͝͝͝
̸̖͆̍s̷͍̩͍̤͋̎̿̈̈̀̇̐̿́̑ ớ̴͖̍̑̽͘͝n̷̡̡͇̥̟͇̬͕̆̌͌͗͂͝g̶̨̯̰̩̳̖̤̙̹̓͗̋́́̑̈́͘͝͠͠w̶̢̪̳͍̠͚̥̘̅̿̀̏͌̽͒͐͛͋͜ a̶͓̯̫͉̋̏̈̓̅̌̀͝ͅ ś̶̯̩̜̹̻͎̟̦̟͎̘̈̆̒ ̸̢͚̎̄̔͋̇̔̐͘͝͝
̸̨̤̺̭̱̥̊̉̌ͅ
̵̨̛̪̹̞̠̫͖̘̺̮̉̎̐͆̾͒͐

̷̰̱͔͇̝̀̌̃̈́̇͛̊̌͘͝

 ̷̢̨͉̋̽̏̈́͋̊͐̀͗̊̂͌̕W̴̨̢̟̹͓̮͔͎̰̬̰͚̪͇͔͕̓̋̎͊̔͝͝a̸̧̛̞͇̩̗̬̘̯̺̥̻̅͑̔̽̎͆̓̈̋̽̑͗͜͝͠͝ͅ s̸̢̼̞̬̲͂̂́̈́̈́͑̅̽̀͂̂̚ į̷̢̡̧̧̟̪̤̹͙̯̐̅̀͌̎͗̃̽̍̿̅̊̕͘͜͠t̶̙̮̮̦̳͚̮̠̯̭̭̱̫̃͆̆̆̈̊́̄̃͊̒̏ t̶̵̨̨̡̢̲̙̹̗̫͙̰̳͙͉͖͖͍̺̜̙̲̺̜̞̠̯̘̼̮̟̅̌̅̀ͅ h̸̙̗̜̦̤͇̙̆̀̈́̈́͊̚͝ e̶̝͚̺̠̝͎̜͖̪̮̤͋̍̈̒̄̾͑̓͠ s̵͕͚͎̣̪̮̹̪̳̦̘̍ͅ Á̴̖́̈́̊̍͆̆͋̈́̈̀̕͜ m̴̡̛̛̘̜͚̺̺̪̰̠͔̄̉̊͠ e̵̘̙̠̪̪̺̳͙͇̙̩̽́̑̓͒̓̃̍̊̿̉̓̎͛̂̕͜͝ o̶̢͇͍̹̠͈̺̞̲̣̥̩̺͉̓͑̈́̌͂͐́̀̓͂̅̕͝͠ͅ N̶̠̬͇͖͉̻͚̑̉͋̃Ḛ̷̡̘́̎ Ì̸̸̧̡̧̛̼͉̳̹͖̪̩̬̭̼̗͕̰̹̹̣̗̋̈́́̿͗͆̀̾͑̾̋̈́́̿̎̑͛͋̈̕͜ z̶̧̲͚̲̜͕̦͗͐́͌͒͛̄͊̈̈̾̈́͘̕͝ū̸̟̥̙̭̬̰̠̗͉̰̝̼̒́͒̔̔͋̊̏̏͗̑͋̓̇͝ͅ Ķ̵̨̥̜̣̓̅̽̅͗̒̍͆͐͒̈́̍͛̇͘͝Ư̵̢̥̹̝͖̜͉̙̭̦͍̭̓̐̔̑̈́̓̉̈́̓͘̚̕͝ͅ ̴̡̨̨̣̲͙̦̹̦̻̲͑̈͗̈͆̂̈͛̃̑͋͒͑H̸͇̱̞̭̼̮̰̳̞̹̦̉̆̅͝ ȕ̴̳̹͉͚̰̅ M̷̢̡̡͉̞͉̮̙͙̟̯̤̟̄͘͜ͅ M̸̱̥̖̄̀͛́̾͌͋̓͐͘͝ ę̵̡̢̛̛͓̟͉̼͔̼̙̩͔͈̮͍̓̂̓̍̈́̎̓̂̀͆̕̚͜D̶̛̼͔̬͕̩͓̞̯͙͉̆̎͂̃̆̌̅̽͊̒͛̃̎͛͝͝ͅ t̶̶̡̛̩͇̩̲̖̯͔̤̥̱̠͍̗̫̝̞̭̹̞͚̥͖͇̖͓̯̯̓͆͋͌̆̊͒͌͂̈́̇́̌̾̎͒́̕͝ͅͅ O̶̧̤̠͈͎̯̩̦̪̣̐͒́̿̓͂̈́͑̆̂̀̈̈̊͜ͅ ̵̡̢̯̣̜̮̝̤̮̖̲͙̞̻̿̓͐̾͒̌̽͜H̴̖̤̖̲̫̻̤͎͑̈́Į̶̡̰̙̙̖̠̬͔̗̱̣́̔ M̵̡̦̺̤̩̼̩̥̭̮̫̝͍̅̔̉͒̓̑́̎̍́̑ ̶̱̠̖̞̩̐̾́́͊̇̆W̷̧͈̒͗̒͛̉̀̈́͗̚̚͝͠ĥ̶̲͎̦͖̮͚̭̤̋̃͌̔͌̀̍̄̍͘͜͜͝ͅĘ̶̧̢̗̱̪̲̫͈̥͉͚̻̭̖͓͆͗͛̍ N̴̛̬̫̤̘̱͙̲̻̩̺̫̦̗̤͌́̒̊̋̈́̏̋̈̈́̀̕—̵͍͐͋̽͑̓͝
W̵̧̛̱̼̙̖͍͔̜̼̳̥̠̣͉͕̥̌̀̎̒͒̊̌̈́̋̂̈̽̌͐̑͛̈̌̑̆̄͑͊̌̇́̆̂̅̒̐̕͠
̷̡̡̦̙̱̙̖̯̮͎̐͂̕͠ͅ
̷̨̤̜̘̭̝̦͇̟͔̥̲̍̌͌̈̔͊̂͊́͆͛ͅ

D̶̡̡̨͙̭͉̫͙̹̜̲̟͚͖̜̮̗͓̪͈͍̙̞̺̩̖̭̺͈̜̮̥̠̝̬̼̰̗̾̂͒̊͜ Ǫ̴̧̡̢̛͕̠̹͈͈̺͉͓̰̪̞̰̙̞͔͎̻͕̹̻̲̞̟̱̲͕̟̼͇͗͒́̀̅̔̀͛̐̕̕̚͜ͅ Ņ̶̼̑̄̾͂̆̈́́͗͒͋́̇̃͒̚̕̚̕͠ Ẽ̵̲͋̇̂̀̇͗̈̄̓̄̽̉̋̄̔̈́̍͘ ?̵̨̡̙̺̟̬͙̘̱̭̼͇̮̦̝͉͇̠̺̈́̇̎̀̐̍́̕ͅͅ
H̷̡̘̰̪͇̞̱͔͎̫̬̔͌́̏́̔́̓̕͝͝͝A̸̧̧̢̛̛̩͇̠͔̗̣͉͕̮̜̯͖͖̻̩̼̥͚̱͇̣̻͉̻̱͉̻̮̥͊̈́͌̈́̃͐̈́́̋̆́̊̈́̍͂̍̐̐̈́̑̀́̆̍͂̎̾͊̈́̇̋̓̓̕͘͘̕͝ T̴̛̠̭̮͓͔̻͔̙̞̠̙͕̪̖͔͖̯̪̹̺̮͚̲̈̇́͂̽̈́̕̕̕ͅ ̸̨̡̢̨̘̪̰̻͈̻̯͙͎͍̳͇̜͙̠͉͉͔̦͍͉͔͕̹̼̘̩̱͎͓̼͙͕̜͍͙̜̮͔͔͒͐̎͛̅̓̀͆̈́͒͑̀̆̀͘̚͘͘ͅḨ̸̨̢̨̢̹͎̱̫̮̳͕̻͈̻͚̥̺̮̝̻̺̤̭̟̺̼̟͔͓̣̼͇͙̪̻̭̳̖̥̹͌̐̈́͗́̀̽̅̑̌̕͜͝ͅ Ä̶̡̤͇͎̹̗̹͓̠̦͍̪̻͖̭̰̘͉̺̺̥̼̼̣̹̫̤̪͈͈̹̹̫́͒͛̌̽́̽̾̿̈́̏̆̔̑̋̀̌̆́̋͆̋͗̃͂̕͜͠͝ͅS̴̢̡̡̧̧̬̱̲͇̬̘̬͉͕͉̯̝͈̜̝̹͙̥̰͔̦̣̘̜͍̺͍͎̺̘̻͉̖̤̃̾̌̑̋̓̓͘͜͜ ̵̧̨̡̛̛̺̲̯͎̗̗̺̱̰̝̗͚͎͉͕̭̺̼̗͇͎̤̞̂̆̇̆̂̋̇̿̇͆̄̂̒̓̋̒̒̒̎͊͑̋̃̂̐͐̉͛̚̚̚͜͜͝ H̸̢̢̡̻̣͈͉̦͔͍̞͚̺͚̼͎̲̺͖̘̯̼̺̻̭̣̩̰̱̥̪̬̗͈̓̀͌̉͌̑̀͊̃͆̃́͋̽̈̄̆̓̑̏̋̈͆̓̊̅̏̐̌́̔̂̾͘̕͜͜͝͠͝͝
Ȩ̴̛̼̤̗̝̼̫̖̻̖͕͕̖̩̮̍͌͐̿͛̇̑͂̅̌̈́͒̒̀́̆́̉̽͊̅̉̎̆̅̔͋͌͜͜͜ ̴̨̠̳͈̗̙̪̯̤̹͍͎̍̅͌͒̏̒͂͆̾̈́̀́̀̍͐̈́̃́̈́̊͐͗͗̇̈́̀́̇̈́̽̈́̒͊̕͠͝͝ͅͅͅ

W̵̧̛̱̼̙̖͍͔̜̼̳̥̠̣͉͕̥̌̀̎̒͒̊̌̈́̋̂̈̽̌͐̑͛̈̌̑̆̄͑͊̌̇́̆̂̅̒̐̕͠ H̷̡̘̰̪͇̞̱͔͎̫̬̔͌́̏́̔́̓̕͝͝͝A̸̧̧̢̛̛̩͇̠͔̗̣͉͕̮̜̯͖͖̻̩̼̥͚̱͇̣̻͉̻̱͉̻̮̥͊̈́͌̈́̃͐̈́́̋̆́̊̈́̍͂̍̐̐̈́̑̀́̆̍͂̎̾͊̈́̇̋̓̓̕͘͘̕͝ T̴̛̠̭̮͓͔̻͔̙̞̠̙͕̪̖͔͖̯̪̹̺̮͚̲̈̇́͂̽̈́̕̕̕ͅ Ḩ̸̨̢̨̢̹͎̱̫̮̳͕̻͈̻͚̥̺̮̝̻̺̤̭̟̺̼̟͔͓̣̼͇͙̪̻̭̳̖̥̹͌̐̈́͗́̀̽̅̑̌̕͜͝ͅ
̸̨̡̢̨̘̪̰̻͈̻̯͙͎͍̳͇̜͙̠͉͉͔̦͍͉͔͕̹̼̘̩̱͎͓̼͙͕̜͍͙̜̮͔͔͒͐̎͛̅̓̀͆̈́͒͑̀̆̀͘̚͘͘ͅ Ä̶̡̤͇͎̹̗̹͓̠̦͍̪̻͖̭̰̘͉̺̺̥̼̼̣̹̫̤̪͈͈̹̹̫́͒͛̌̽́̽̾̿̈́̏̆̔̑̋̀̌̆́̋͆̋͗̃͂̕͜͠͝ͅS̴̢̡̡̧̧̬̱̲͇̬̘̬͉͕͉̯̝͈̜̝̹͙̥̰͔̦̣̘̜͍̺͍͎̺̘̻͉̖̤̃̾̌̑̋̓̓͘͜͜H̸̢̢̡̻̣͈͉̦͔͍̞͚̺͚̼͎̲̺͖̘̯̼̺̻̭̣̩̰̱̥̪̬̗͈̓̀͌̉͌̑̀͊̃͆̃́͋̽̈̄̆̓̑̏̋̈͆̓̊̅̏̐̌́̔̂̾͘̕͜͜͝͠͝͝Ȩ̴̛̼̤̗̝̼̫̖̻̖͕͕̖̩̮̍͌͐̿͛̇̑͂̅̌̈́͒̒̀́̆́̉̽͊̅̉̎̆̅̔͋͌͜͜͜
̵̧̨̡̛̛̺̲̯͎̗̗̺̱̰̝̗͚͎͉͕̭̺̼̗͇͎̤̞̂̆̇̆̂̋̇̿̇͆̄̂̒̓̋̒̒̒̎͊͑̋̃̂̐͐̉͛̚̚̚͜͜͝ D̶̡̡̨͙̭͉̫͙̹̜̲̟͚͖̜̮̗͓̪͈͍̙̞̺̩̖̭̺͈̜̮̥̠̝̬̼̰̗̾̂͒̊͜
̴̨̠̳͈̗̙̪̯̤̹͍͎̍̅͌͒̏̒͂͆̾̈́̀́̀̍͐̈́̃́̈́̊͐͗͗̇̈́̀́̇̈́̽̈́̒͊̕͠͝͝ͅͅͅ Ǫ̴̧̡̢̛͕̠̹͈͈̺͉͓̰̪̞̰̙̞͔͎̻͕̹̻̲̞̟̱̲͕̟̼͇͗͒́̀̅̔̀͛̐̕̕̚͜ͅ Ņ̶̼̑̄̾͂̆̈́́͗͒͋́̇̃͒̚̕̚̕͠Ẽ̵̲͋̇̂̀̇͗̈̄̓̄̽̉̋̄̔̈́̍͘ ?̵̨̡̙̺̟̬͙̘̱̭̼͇̮̦̝͉͇̠̺̈́̇̎̀̐̍́̕ͅͅ

When Izuku dreams, his family is with him.
They are never there, when he wakes.

Izuku can’t breathe. The smell of antiseptic assaults his nose. It feels flammable in his lungs.
All of him feels a spark away from combustion. Overheated and unstable. Where is— he is in
a hospital. Izuku hasn’t been in a hospital since before his mother died in one.
“Woah there,” says the owner of the hand on Izuku’s arm. “Easy, Sprout.”
There are three people leaning over Izuku, and none of them are who they are supposed to be.
He cringes away, but his deflated pillow has little give to it, meaning he can’t go far.
Everything is all messed up in his head. He’s in the hospital. He was shot— Wait. No. That
was a while ago. When was it? When is it?
Hosu. Right. The train, and Iida, and Stain, and the nomu, and Tomura.
“Hey, hey, hey,” Mic soothes, easing Izuku back towards the bed when he struggles upright.
He doesn’t want to lie down, but his limbs are heavy, body sluggish, so he has no choice but
to let Mic guide him flat. “Can you take a breath for me, bud?”
Izuku gasps. It hisses in and out from between his teeth, shuddering.
“Tomura?”
“He was spotted during the attack,” Eraser says, eyes dark and watchful. “No sign of him
since.”
“Hosu?”
“Is recovering.”
“Fatalities?”
“Lay down, problem child. You’ve been out for days, you need to take it easy. We’ll catch
you up in time.”
“Were there fatalities?” Izuku demands.

A pause drags into a silence that speaks volumes. What’s the point? Why even bother asking?
Half a dozen nomu and a handful of explosions. Of course there were causalities. There’s no
way everyone got out of that city with their life. Hell, the nomu that stopped their train had
done so with the corpse of a hero in its clutches. Izuku knows what dead people look like,
and that man was gone before he hit the ground.
“God damn it.” Izuku doesn’t sound like himself. Mic’s eyebrows jump in surprise. Eraser
remains impassive. Likely, this is what he was waiting for, with that guarded look in his eyes.
“Don’t beat yourself up about it,” Mic says, brushing Izuku’s curls from his temples with
gentle hands. His hair is lank with grease. How long has it been? “You saved a lot of people
that night. There’s nothing more you could have done.”
His hand, his words, are so tender and affectionate, and Izuku can’t stand it. Izuku waves him
away. He is coiled too tightly to be touched, blood itching under his skin like it is trying to
escape, like Izuku hasn’t already lost enough of it to the streets of Hosu. Mic doesn’t look as
hurt by the rejection as Izuku would expect — which is good, because he’s done nothing
wrong, but it also means that they have been talking about him.
Which is normal. Of course they’ve been talking about him. They’re his guardians, he’s in
the hospital, his behavior has been… erratic. Of course they talk about him, and of course
Eraser warned Mic about Izuku’s mood. He is frustrated to find that the tension, the anger,
that had been building inside him hasn’t dissipated while he slept.
Mic is right that Izuku is blaming himself, though entirely wrong about the validity and
reasoning. There’s so much more Izuku could have done. Not for Hosu, at least not directly.
He has no idea what his clones were getting up to after he left them, but he equipped them as
best as he could, and from there he just had to trust their judgment. They weren’t really
sentient, but they were reasonably sapient, and they would have proceeded according to
Izuku’s intent when he made them: to help. Ten of them, with the quirks he gave them — he’s
certain they made a difference.
During the attack itself, Izuku did all he could. He pushed himself to breaking, and there’s
nothing past that. There’s no more. He gave all he had. He just gave it to the wrong people. If
only Izuku had had his priorities straight, Hosu never would have happened at all.
Here is what Izuku blames himself for: Tomura.
Izuku leaves him alone for six weeks, and his self-destructive idiot NEET of a brother goes
and makes himself a fucking terrorist. The USJ — Tomura probably could have come back
from that. First documented offense. No deaths. Only two substantial injuries. This though?
There was no coming back from this. How did Izuku let this happen? He’d gotten so caught
up in this fantasy of redemption, of making friends, of having a life and being good, that he’d
forgotten why he created this mess in the first place. This was always meant to be Tomura’s
happy ending, but Izuku has hijacked the whole story.
What the fuck is Izuku doing? The last thing he did for his brother was fucking abandon him.
Tomura is worse off than ever, and that is all Izuku’s fault. Killed his father-figure, left him

behind, pushed him off the deep end. Went to play house with the heroes who never helped
them. It is past time for Izuku to get his shit together and do something about this problem.
Acid climbs up his throat. He looks to Mic and Eraser.
Eraser must see something on Izuku’s face, and it must be alarming, because his mouth
flattens out and he asks, “How are you feeling?”
I hate you.
The words sit on the tip of Izuku’s tongue like something fiercely sour, and he wants so badly
to spit them out. He doesn’t, because he knows he shouldn’t, knows that he’d regret it. He is
just so angry. He is angry at Tomura, for doing something he can’t come back from. He is
angry at himself, for letting it happen. He is angry at All for One, for being a shit father. He is
angry at Mic and Eraser, for being good ones.
Why do they stay with Izuku while he sleeps? Why do they touch his hair and hold his
hands? Why do they even care?
Why does Izuku let them? Why does he want them to?
Izuku’s eyes burn. His throat burns. His chest burns. This is immolation. It doesn’t feel nearly
as good now as it did in that alley way. Izuku can’t breathe. That’s the thing about burning —
give it a bit of time, and it will suffocate you just as surely as drowning.
“I’m feeling,” Izuku says, instead of any of the things inside his head.
He twists one hand into the thin blanket covering him. His other hand is immobile, his arm
casted all the way down from just below his shoulder. His frustration spikes — yet another
thing to be angry about, this inconvenience, his own incompetence — only to be doused a
second later.
“Did you do this?” he asks weakly, looking from one of the small snowflakes on his cast to
Shouto.
Shouto nods. He scootches a bit closer, pointing between the snowflakes, some blobs that are
helpfully labeled as jellybeans, and something that is frankly indecipherable. “I did these
ones. Shinsou did these.” A large collection of cats scattered around, a few miscellaneous
doodles of noticeably lower quality, some curse words jammed into small gaps. “Iida wrote
this.” He taps a surprisingly short Thank you. You saved my life. Then Shouto points out a
group of drawings that, after a moment, Izuku recognizes as cartoons of himself in his hero
costume. “Your uncle drew those. Is Bakugou your cousin?”
“No,” Izuku answers absently as he absorbs all the pictures, all the words. Besides Uncle
Masaru’s, none of the drawings are particularly good, and Shinsou and Shouto had gotten
into at least on argument on the plaster. Boredom was obviously a key motivator in the
decoration, but Izuku still… He doesn’t know what to say.

By the time the nurse comes in a few minutes later, Izuku still hasn’t found the words. At this
rate he doesn’t think he will, but that’s alright. There’s a bittersweet edge to it, but this is the
first good thing Izuku has felt since he woke up, and he clings to it. The nurse asks him how
he’s feeling and runs him through his treatment, what’s been done and what’s yet to be done,
and the whole time Izuku’s eyes wander to the side. He wonders who brought the markers.
They used a whole rainbow of them.
“Where is Shinsou, anyway?” Izuku asks, after the nurse introduces him to all the metal pins
stitching his bones together.
Eraser sighs. “His father wanted him home. He’s spent the last couple of days here, but I
expect the commute got cumbersome.”
“I told him you were awake,” Shouto says. He pulls his phone from his pocket, presumably
to check his messages, and nods. “He says That’s unfortunate. If he had waited until
tomorrow morning he could have risen like Jesus. Would have been good PR. I don’t get it.”
Mic laughs, and Izuku huffs softly to himself. He can imagine exactly how Shinsou would
say the words, the sarcastic deadpan that’s got nothing on Shouto’s truly monotone delivery.
“It’s Saturday?” Izuku asks. Shouto nods. “Jesus’ resurrection took 3 days.”
“Resurrection? You’d have to die to be resurrected.” With a very serious frown, Shouto bends
his head back to his phone, tapping furiously at the screen. Izuku shakes his head and leaves
Shouto to what is sure to dissolve into another one-sided argument. Though judging by the
state of Izuku’s cast, Shouto is starting to figure bickering out, so maybe he’ll give Shinsou
some push-back.
“How’s Native?” Izuku asks Eraser. “And Stain?”
“Native is in recovery. Stain was stabilized and transfered to a more secure location. He’s
been cooperative, for the most part. He shared some information on the League.”
Izuku tenses. “…Can you tell me what?” Eraser sighs, eying Izuku critically before looking
to Mic who only shrugs. Izuku swallows a bitter taste.
“Nothing substantial. They teleported him into a bar and attempted to recruit him, but their
ideals clashed. Said it seemed to be just the two, Shigaraki and Kurogiri.”
Still in the bar, then. Surprising. Also still alone. That’s… well, it’s better than joining up
with the likes of Stain, but it’ll only make things worse in the long run. If Tomura is spiraling
— which he is — there’s only so much Kurogiri can do to slow him down. Ultimately, their
relationship is too complex, too unbalanced for Kurogiri to help Tomura in any ways other
than the ways Tomura wants. That is, if Kurogiri were even inclined to give him the kind of
help he really needs. Izuku doesn’t question Kurogiri’s dedication to Tomura, but everything
else? His motives, his morals, his methods? Izuku has no idea.
“Oddly enough,” Eraser continues, “he doesn’t have much to say about you.”

“Me?”
“He confirmed that Shigaraki wants you dead,” Eraser says. Izuku knew that. He’s known
that the whole time, and Stain had erased any doubt. He didn’t tell Izuku in as many words,
but there’s no other reason Tomura would have shown him Izuku’s picture. Still, the words
make him flinch, teeth grinding. Mic slips a hand into Izuku’s and squeezes. “Other than that,
it’s hard to pry anything out of him about your confrontation. Between that and not being
able to use his quirk, Tsukauchi is close to pulling his hair out.”
“Oh. Right. That.”
“Yeah, that.”
“I’m in trouble for that, aren’t I?”
Shouto looks up from his phone, scowling. “You didn’t do anything wrong.”
“Excessive force is excessive force. What I did was unnecessary.”
That’s the truth, and Izuku knows it, but he also can’t bring himself to regret anything. By
that point, Izuku hadn’t really expected to make it out of that alley, and he knew he’d be
leaving the fight to Eraser and Shinsou. Stain was a threat, but he was less of one without his
tongue. Izuku will do whatever it takes to keep the people he loves safe.
Maybe it’s just that nothing is ever going to be worse than what Izuku did to his father. He
has already done the worst thing. Cutting out Stain’s tongue to protect Eraser and Shinsou
pales in comparison. Izuku thinks he’s already proven that what he’s willing to do is less a
question than who he’s willing to do it for. Probably not the best moral compass for a hero,
but Izuku is done kidding himself on that front. He snorts and shakes his head at the
inquisitive look that gains him from Mic.
“Tsukauchi will want to talk to you,” Eraser sighs, sinking into his chair like the world is
weighing him down. His hair is tied back, falling loose across his forehead, and a closer look
makes Izuku suspect that he hasn’t showered since the night of the attack. “Your committee is
meeting on Wednesday. The HPSC wants to reevaluate.” Eraser sneers around the word.
“They won’t be able to touch you, though. It’ll be okay,” Mic says, squeezing Izuku’s hand
again. Izuku purses his lips to hold in whatever would slip out if he snapped back. He is not
in the mood for Mic’s naive optimism.
“Yes, it will,” Eraser agrees, and that — throws Izuku for a loop. Maybe Eraser has gotten
marginally more tactful in the time Izuku has known him, but he’s still not a man to mince
words. He is as ruthlessly pragmatic as Mic is hopefully naive. Less than two minutes ago, he
told Izuku that his brother wants him dead, without so much as a that sucks, buddy to soften
the blow.
“What am I missing?” Izuku asks, because this puzzle is definitely short a piece or two.

Mic, in answer, picks up a tablet from the small table next to Izuku’s bed. It comes alive in
his hands. He pulls up a video and passes the device over to Izuku, who holds it gingerly.
He’s not sure where to look first, and so he stares blankly for a long minute. At himself.
It’s incredibly odd, to see yourself without having any memories of the events. It is even
odder when there’s more than one of you to see. When there are also millions of other people
seeing and talking about all those multiple yous, well, congratulations. You’ve reached
Izuku’s levels of out-of-body experience.
His eyes drift to the title.
ROGUE BEING THE HERO WE NEED FOR 5 MINUTES STRAIGHT
The video is, as advertised, five minutes long. It’s paused just over halfway through. Mic
must have been watching it. This video has been watched over a million times. There are
thousands of comments, saying his name, talking about him. Or rather, his clones. It is
obvious just from the frame the video is paused on that they are far more lighthearted than
Izuku himself. He supposes that makes sense. They aren’t really sentient, after all. They echo
Izuku’s fundamental personality but without the emotional baggage. Of course they’re
lighter, without all that weight on their shoulders.
“I— They— Why?” Izuku can’t get a full sentence out. He doesn’t know where to start.
“You’re a spectacle and a mystery. Those are the public’s two favorite things,” Shouto
explains simply, like this is not the craziest thing that has ever happened to Izuku. Even
including that time when he learned his father was a centuries-old villain. “That’s what
Shinsou said, anyway.”
“How do they know my name?”
“We leaked it,” Eraser admits. “I’m sorry. They don’t know any of your personal information,
but the situation threatened to get out of hand if we didn’t give them something. Now they
know who you are, they know you’re a hero student, and they know you were operating
within the law.”
“The HPSC can’t touch me,” Izuku realizes.
“Not without causing mass outrage.”
They can’t publicly persecute a young hero acting with permission. Even if they try to charge
Izuku with excessive force, they won’t be able to press it farther than a slap on the wrist. Not
with his youth and apparent popularity, not with precedent working against them. If the
HPSC wants to move against Izuku now, they’ll have to do so silently, and Nedzu would
never allow that.
“I… This is…”
“Leaking your name really was the best option,” Eraser says. His tone is conflicted enough to
dispel some of Izuku’s shock.

“I don’t mind,” Izuku tells him. His stomach churns and he scowls down at his knees, biting
his tongue before keeping on, “Well, I do. I kind of— yeah, I hate it. But I understand why
you did it. If I was awake, I would have agreed. It was a good idea.”
“Shinsou suggest it.”
“Of course he did,” Izuku says
He tips his head back, eyes slipping shut, and smiles slightly to himself. He feels… at least
somewhat settled. He is still plagued by restlessness, still tense with frustration, but he’s
thinking clearly. He’ll need to reign his emotions in to figure out what needs doing and get it
done. He has a lot of work ahead of him.
“There’s one more thing,” Eraser says apologetically. Izuku finds it surprisingly hard to drag
his eyelids back up, only now registering the intensity of his fatigue. Eraser’s discomfort
shows in just how still he sits, slouched in his chair but frozen in place.
“What?” Izuku asks.
“I know you just woke up, and I’m sorry to do this, but…” Eraser trails off. He’s
prevaricating. Izuku is still exhausted, but suddenly finds himself far from sleep. What is
there that the man won’t just say to Izuku’s face? Mic rubs his thumb over Eraser’s knee.
“It’s your quirk, Sprout.”
Izuku can’t breathe.
“It needs a name,” Eraser finishes.
Oh. Right. Of course.
Rogue cannot be Quirkless.
“We’re not going to tell them how it works,” Mic assures Izuku. “We’re not going to tell
them anything but the name. What that name is, what it implies, that’s all up to you.”
“I know this is a sensitive issue,” Eraser says, breaking his stillness to rub his hands over his
face. “We’ve barely talked about it, and we don’t have much time to talk about it now. The
police want to make an official statement about by tomorrow afternoon, at the latest. Between
you being a student and planning to go underground, most people won’t find it suspicious if
don’t reveal how your quirk works, but if we don’t even tell them what it is, they’ll know we
have something to hide.”
Izuku has thought about this, actually. Sideways thoughts, never looking directly at the issue,
but keeping it in the back of his mind. He’s had an answer for a while, but he hoped —
futilely, he knew — that it would never come up again, because he didn’t, doesn’t, want to
use it.
He has never wanted to name his quirk. Even if there weren’t so many reasons to keep it a
secret, he wouldn’t have wanted to name it. He doesn’t want his quirk to define him. He

doesn’t want it listed on all his records, right besides his name, one of a small handful of
details used to identify him at a glance. To name it would be to accept it. No, Izuku doesn’t
want to name it. He doesn’t want it at all.
But it doesn’t really matter what Izuku wants. He can only work with what he has. He has his
quirk. He has 103 others. He has blood on his hands and ghosts watching over his shoulder.
He has debts to pay and people to honor. He has so much work to do.
Izuku breathes.
“Tell them it’s a copy quirk. Call it Memorial.”

Chapter End Notes

Two things:
1) Before anyone tries, you don’t need to tell me that the Abrahamic religions aren’t
commonly practiced in Japan. I already know.
2) What? You don’t remember Aki, the excitable child who said 4 lines to Hitoshi in
chapter 29? Hmm. Pop quiz failed.
---—
Katsuki: Why are you putting me through all this bullshit?
Best Jeanist: Because I have faith in you.
Katsuki: Disgusting.
Katsuki: …Don’t stop.
Hitoshi @ Stain: Fuck face!!
Dr. Shinsou: You're right, but you shouldn’t say it.
Izuku: Who are you?
Clones: We’re you, but not traumatized :)
Aizawa: My kid ran off into a potentially deadly situation because I didn’t how to
protect him
Dr. Shinsou: My kid has based his whole sense of self on a thoughtless and hurtful
comment I made years ago
Mitsuki: My kid wasn’t secure enough in my love for him to tell me he was traumatized
and I never even noticed
AFO: My kid felt so afraid and hopeless in his situation that he didn’t see a way out that
didn’t end with someone dying, so now he has blood on his hands
Everyone: …
AFO: The blood is mine :/
----Next Chapter: One for All — Part IV
This one will definitely take longer than two weeks, I’ll be on vacation for a solid part of

that (which paradoxically means less free time)

Chapter 46: One for All - Part IV
Chapter Notes

*drags self out of hell*
*shakes hundreds of cut conversation beats back into the pit*
Haha, yeah, one might say this chapter gave me a bit of trouble. I probably erased more
than I wrote. I finally got it to a point that I’m happy with, but so much was lost in the
war.
On another note, IGG has gotten so long and I've been working on it for so many years
that it's gotten to the point where I regularly have to search the entire fic to make sure I
haven't already used a line/snippet/scene. There's a handful of lines in this chapter that
I've been sitting on since 2022, and I'm 99% sure that I didn't work them into an earlier
chapter.
...95% sure.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Only a day after Izuku wakes up, he comes home, and no one is happy about it. Correction:
no one with any sense is happy about it. The problem child, released against medical advice
on his own insistence, is getting exactly what he wants, and the cats, brainless little heathens
that they are, are thrilled.
Izuku had been awake for less than six hours on Saturday before he knocked himself out with
a quirk to force his arm to heal, despite abundant warnings about how critical it was that he
rest — and no, being in a coma did not count as resting, which isn’t something Shouta should
have to clarify. When he woke again, Izuku justified the whole thing by pointing out how
much of an impediment staying in a cast would have been, how it isn’t practical for him to be
so immobilized for any length of time, how Recovery Girl’s quirk is no safer since it uses the
patient’s own energy. His nurses had been livid. Shouta isn’t far behind them.
“To bed,” he orders when Izuku stops in the living room and crouches next to Bastard so she
can nip at the tips of his fingers. Shouta watches, unimpressed, as Izuku attempts to stand.
His stiffness and exhaustion make the simple action into a whole production, but he staunchly
pretends otherwise.
“I’m fine,” Izuku claims, despite all evidence to the contrary.
“You’re careless and self-destructive,” Shouta replies. “To bed.”
Izuku takes only a single step before rooting himself and facing Shouta down. “How is
healing my arm self-destructive?” he challenges.

“You know what quirk exhaustion does to the body. The cast may have been a more obvious
inconvenience, but using a quirk before you’ve recovered, let alone one that is so energy
intensive, is no better than using a broken limb. You’re just consolidating the damage
somewhere other people can’t see it.”
“What Shouta means,” Hizashi interjects, sliding between them as Izuku’s eyes narrow, “is
that you need rest if you want to go to class tomorrow. We’re glad to see you all healed up,
kiddo, but that’s not going to do you much good if you’re dead on your feet.”
“I’m fine,” Izuku insists. Hizashi, who has a decade and a half of practice with this particular
brand of bullshit, sighs fondly.
“You’re tired,” he says, cupping Izuku’s face in his hands and ghosting his thumbs over the
red-violet bruises beneath Izuku’s eyes. Izuku puffs up as the touch approaches but inevitably
deflates beneath it. “You think I don’t know tired when I see it? I married a man who thinks a
sleeping bag is appropriate outer wear. Forcing people to take naps is basically my love
language.” He finishes with an exaggerated wink, stealing a half-hearted smile from Izuku
that puckers into a grimace when Hizashi smacks a kiss onto his forehead, spins him around
by the shoulders, and nudges him towards his bedroom.
Gentle as the push is, Izuku stumbles over himself. If he wasn’t careless and self-destructive,
as he claims, he’d be stretched out unconscious on the nearest flat surface by now. He
disappears into the dimness of the hallway and Hizashi looks at Shouta, then tips his head in
the same direction.
Shouta nods, grabs a thin envelope off the coffee table, and commits himself to a decision
that he doubts anyone other than Hizashi and Nedzu would support — one as Shouta’s
husband and a perpetual bleeding heart, the other as an insatiably curious sociopath. If that
isn’t a red flag, then Shouta must be colorblind. He’s going through with it, regardless.
Maybe he’ll end up doing more harm than good, especially given the tenuous state of his and
Izuku’s relationship at the moment, but if Shouta is making a mistake, then it’s a mistake that
needs to be made. He doesn’t let himself hesitate before tapping his knuckles against Izuku’s
cracked door.
“What?” Izuku asks, the hard t reduced to bleary mush. Shouta pushes the door open just as
Izuku pops his head through the collar of a clean shirt, hair running amok the moment it
springs free. Lucy shakes himself awake and pokes his head out of his nest of pillows as
Izuku collapses back onto the bed. He pats his chest, inviting the cat into his arms. Lucy
crawls into the embrace, mewling pathetically, like he’s never been offered an ounce of
affection in his life.
“I have something for you,” Shouta says. Izuku’s soft smile falls into a wary frown as he
looks from Lucy to Shouta. Shouta swallows a sigh.
“Is it a lecture?” Izuku asks blandly.
“No. I only had one of those.”
“What is it, then?”

Shouta takes Izuku’s budding curiosity as permission to enter. He sits by Izuku’s head,
pulling one of his legs up onto the mattress, and taps the envelope against his palm. After a
moment, he offers it to Izuku. After a moment, Izuku takes it.
Neither of them speak for a long time. Shouta wonders if he should leave, then wonders if he
should say something. He ends up doing nothing at all. Whatever Izuku wants, whether it’s to
be alone or to talk or anything between, Shouta won’t rush that decision or make it for him.
Finally, Izuku asks, “Why are you giving me these?” From this angle, Shouta can’t see
Izuku’s face, only the glossy backs of the pair of photos Izuku holds fanned out above him.
“You have photos of your mother, even your father,” Shouta says after a pause that lasts a
beat too long. “You deserve to have some of him, too.”
Likely, this is the first time Izuku is seeing Shigaraki’s face since coming into UA’s custody
nearly a month and a half ago. When Shouta got his hands on the full footage from Hosu, he
had spent longer than he’s willing to admit pouring over it to find usable shots to print. In
one, Shigaraki stands on the edge of the roof, looking out over Hosu. In the other, he speaks
to Kurogiri, at his shoulder. He is smiling in neither.
Looking at him makes Shouta uneasy. Shigaraki is all sharp angles, his expression unyielding
in both animosity and apathy. To Shouta, he looks like a hurricane about to make landfall.
What that same man looks like through Izuku’s eyes, Shouta honestly has no clue. He can’t
even begin to guess, nor does he particularly want to know.
“Is this what I deserve?” Izuku asks, tone as blank as the back side of the photos. “Pictures.
In the place of people.”
“You have people,” Shouta says. “Your friends. Mitsuki and Masaru. Me and Hizashi.”
“You’re not my father, Eraser.”
It’s a simple fact, one Shouta couldn’t argue the truth of even if he wanted to, which —
believe it or not — he doesn’t. Calling Izuku his kid feels accurate, but to call himself Izuku’s
father feels both inappropriate and insufficient. Nevertheless, the words sting, though it’s
more the spite packed into them than the honesty.
Shouta sighs. “What?” he asks. “You’ll only call me by name when you’re on death’s door?”
Whatever response Izuku expected, this is apparently not it. He blinks, looks away to frown
at the pictures in his hands. He chews on his lip.
“…Aizawa,” he offers.
“Izuku,” Shouta replies.
Izuku breaks another long silence with a choked whisper, “I’m sorry.”
“It’s alright.”
“I… I don’t know why I’m so angry.”

Shouta sighs again and hesitates before slipping a hand into Izuku’s hair. “No one can be sad
all the time.”
“It’s not fair,” Izuku says, eyes falling shut when Shouta presses his thumb into the divot
carved between the kid’s brows. “It’s not fair for me to have people. I had people. I already
got mine. I shouldn’t get more.”
“Nothing can replace the people you’ve lost,” Shouta begins slowly. He combs his fingers
through Izuku’s hair, measuring out the length of it while he tries to shake words out of
thoughts that he’s never verbalized. “No one can fill the holes they left behind. But that’s not
what it’s about. I’ll never be your father, but I don’t need to be your father to be your family.
Love makes additions, Izuku — not repairs, and not replacements. No amount of loss means
you can’t build something new, and building something new doesn’t mean you can’t miss
what you’ve lost.”
“Except I didn’t lose him,” Izuku argues, turning the photos Shouta’s way. From the camera’s
vantage point, none of the carnage is visible, but there’s an insidious red haze in the air that
alludes to the fires below. “I left him, and that’s so much worse. My parents are dead. Pictures
are all I’m ever going to have of them, because that’s all that’s left. Tomura’s still alive. It
doesn’t have to be this way! How can I make a new family,” Izuku spits, “when my brother
can’t be part of it? How am I supposed to—” Izuku’s voice cracks and he covers his face with
his hands, dropping the photos onto the bedspread. A growl starts low in his throat and ends
pressed to the roof of his mouth as a whine. Lucy sniffs at his chin, no doubt tipped off to
Izuku’s distress by the uneven rise and fall of his chest.
Shouta feels acutely out of his depth, but that’s the thing, isn’t it? People act like families just
come together. Like there’s a cosmic force that connects certain people, and all those people
need to do is find each other. Nothing is ever that simple. No amount of emotional
intelligence would make this easy. Easier, certainly, but some things are just hard, inherently,
immutably. Mitsuki had the right idea of it, Shouta thinks.
“Family isn’t found, Izuku,” Shouta says. “It’s fought for.”
Izuku exhales in a gust. Abruptly, he twists at the waist, unseating Lucy from his chest as he
wraps an arm around Shouta’s waist and hides his face against Shouta’s hip. With half the kid
in his lap, it’s awkward, but Shouta manages to get an arm of his own around Izuku’s
shoulders.
“Your hair is getting unruly,” Shouta says into the soft silence that follows, still carding his
fingers through Izuku’s curls.
“Kurogiri used to cut it,” Izuku says, muffled by Shouta’s shirt and his own hair. “Before
him, it was my mom.”
“Zashi could do it. He does mine, most of the time.” When Izuku is silent, Shouta adds, “I’ve
got clips that could keep it out of your eyes, if you want.” Under Shouta’s hand, Izuku’s head
bobs in a nod. Shouta will have to dig the frankly excessive number of hair accessories
Nemuri has bought him over the years out of whatever pit he banished them to. Most of them
are novelty, many of them tacky, but he doubts that will bother Izuku as much as it does him.

Shouta will just have to make a point of weeding out anything explicit. The penis confetti
haunting Izuku’s bedroom is more than enough influence from Nemuri on that front.
The photos of Shigaraki still lay on the bed. Shouta looks at the man and sees a tragedy.
Whether the tragedy is Shigaraki’s own past or the future he promises others, Shouta doesn’t
know. He dreads finding out. He flips the photos face down against Izuku’s blankets.

Izuku is exhausted. His arm aches. As massive as Lucy is, picking him up is a bit
uncomfortable, but not to the point that Izuku is discouraged from doing so. When he moves
his fingers wrong, his hand tingles faintly, kind of like he’s received one of the weak shocks
Kaminari sometimes lets off when he’s surprised. The scar around his wrist feels tight and
itchy, to the point that he pulls a wristband over it to protect it from the cuff of his jacket.
That last issue, at least, is probably just in his head.
Of course none of it — not the exhaustion, the lingering pain, or Aizawa and Mic’s respective
disapproval and concern — is enough to keep Izuku from class on Monday. He waves to
Aoyama, over by Ashido and Kaminari, before taking his seat by the others. Katsuki nods
stiffly as Izuku passes him, and Izuku bites his lip hard to keep himself from doing something
regrettable, like laughing in Katsuki’s face.
“Are you alright?” Tokoyami asks as Izuku falls into his seat.
“You look terrible,” Kasumi adds.
“You look like you’ve gotten little rest over the last week,” Tokoyami corrects diplomatically.
“Terrible,” Kasumi repeats at a whisper. Izuku smiles at her when she prods him in the
cheek, and while he doubts it makes him look any better, it appeases her enough that her eyes
crease into satisfied little slits.
“I’m fine,” Izuku says. “Nothing some sleep won’t fix.” Most likely several consecutive days
of sleep, at a minimum, but no one asked for specifics.
“Where’s your cast?” Shouto asks. He had, grudgingly, returned home the night Izuku woke
up, narrowly missing the fallout from Izuku’s executive decision regarding his health.
“In my closet.”
Shouto blinks. “Shouldn’t it be on your arm?”
“What happened to your arm?” Yaoyorozu asks, leaning forward as she looks Izuku over.
“It’s fine.”
“He broke it.”

“It’s fine.”
“He broke it a lot.” Izuku stares at Shouto. Shouto stares back. Izuku only looks away when
his eye starts to twitch. Yaoyorozu looks between them, tapping her fingers together to vent a
bit of the restless concern Izuku can see on her face.
“Shinsou is a bad influence on you,” Izuku huffs. Shouto continues staring for a moment
longer before shrugging in allowance. He seems quite pleased with himself as he turns back
to his phone, which is yet more evidence that Shinsou is rubbing off on him. Shouto was
never this smug, before.
“How did you break your arm?” Yaoyorozu asks. Izuku sighs, digging through his bag for
one of his notebooks.
“I don’t really want to get into it,” he says apologetically. Yaoyorozu’s eyes linger on him for
a long, hesitant moment before she drops it with a nod. Izuku flips the first volume of The UA
Project open and asks, “How were your internships?”
Yaoyorozu and Tokoyami both indulge Izuku, letting him take notes and ask questions
without complaint. Yaoyorozu is too kind-hearted and meek to directly complain, but she’s
clearly lukewarm about the time she spent with Uwabami. Tokoyami, in contrast, proved
surprisingly well-matched with Hawks. Or rather, Hawks proved to be a good match for
Tokoyami and Kasumi in combination, which was less surprising, when Izuku thinks about it.
Volume one is quickly running out of room, but Izuku makes brief notes now — other pros
who might be more compatible with Yaoyorozu’s needs, how the dramatic differences in the
Tokoyami siblings’ temperaments impacts the effectiveness of their training — things Izuku
can’t get into fully, but doesn’t want to forget about when he begins the next volume.
Overall, it’s a nice start to what promised to be a bad morning. He had missed his friends —
Yaoyorozu’s soft care and dedication; Tokoyami’s insight and consideration; Kasumi’s
affection and mischief; Aoyama’s quiet compassion and flair. Yaoyorozu scolds Kasumi for
scratching little faces into the desks, which only prompts Kasumi to make them bigger,
entirely unrepentant. Tokoyami holds her hands to subdue her, and Shouto asks a few
questions about Hawks that Tokoyami answers readily, despite his clear surprise that Shouto
is speaking to him at all.
Aoyama is, unfortunately, on the other side of the room, engrossed in a dramatic retelling of
his internship, but Izuku is sure he’ll get front row seats to an encore of the performance
come lunch time. For now, Aoyama participates happily in what Izuku is thinking of as the
Internship Inquisition, headed by Ashido and Kaminari. The peace is disturbed when they get
to Iida.
“You were in Hosu?!” Kaminari yells, slapping his hands hard against Kirishima’s desk as he
spins around to face Iida. Tokoyami and Yaoyorozu startle, but Izuku had seen this coming
before he even stepped foot in the classroom. “Why didn’t you say anything?!”
Iida frowns at the outburst. “I just did.”
“Only because Tsu mentioned it! Back me up, Ashido!”

“He’s totally right,” Ashido comes to Kaminari’s aid the second she is called, nodding avidly.
“You need to tell us everything.”
“Did you meet Rogue?” Kaminari asks, before Iida has a chance to tell them anything at all.
Again, Izuku had seen this coming. The media storm around Rogue was — is — so huge that
he knew at least some of 1-A would be caught up in it. He also knew it was unlikely that they
would recognize Rogue as Izuku, which made discussion about him basically inevitable.
Still, seeing it coming apparently did very little to prepare Izuku for actually hearing
Kaminari say his alias that way. It’s even more unpleasant than Izuku expected.
“I… saw him,” Iida admits stiffly, eyes flicking in Izuku’s direction just for a second.
“Did you talk to him? What’s his name? Did you see his face? Does he go here? He’s gotta
be a third year, right? Who was he interning with? Why did it take him so long to come
forward? Can he—”
“Good god, Kaminari,” Sero interrupts. “Dial it back, dude. Like way back.”
“I’m sorry!” Kaminari exclaims, first to Sero, then again to Iida. “I’m just so curious, man! I
have so many questions! I can’t stop thinking about him!”
“Dude. That’s kinda gay.”
“If having ADHD makes me gay, then so be it!” Kaminari declares. Just imagining the
amount of heckling that comment is going to elicit later makes Izuku wince. Already,
Hagakure is cooing at Kaminari, who ignores her in pursuit of information. “Iida, tell. Us.
Everything.”
“Everything, Iida!” Ashido echoes. Wide-eyed and slack-jawed, Iida collects himself. His
brows pinch together sternly as he shakes his head.
“Gossiping like this is inappropriate,” he scolds. “Regardless of his civilian identity, Rogue is
our future colleague, and we should respect his choice to remain anonymous!”
Izuku appreciates Iida’s discretion, but Ashido and Kaminari most certainly don’t and aren’t
to be deterred. Their groans set Izuku’s teeth on edge, and the moment Ashido opens her
mouth to speak, Izuku opens his own. He just— He can’t listen to this.
“Between the fires and the collapses, 94 people died,” he says. “That’s excluding the three
heroes who were killed by nomu. Almost a hundred people are dead, and the only name
anyone wants to know is the intern’s.” Izuku spits the final word with enough force that
Katsuki side-eyes him like a skittish dog.
Ashido and Kaminari stare at Izuku as if he slapped them. The classroom crashes into
silence, uncomfortable and tense now that Izuku has spoiled all their fun. Izuku didn’t mean
to get so worked up, he really didn’t, but the fact that people are neglecting the victims of the
attack and the efforts to rebuild in its wake in favor of talking about him is baffling. No —
not only baffling, it’s unacceptable. He sneers into his notebook and makes a comment in the

back about the commodification of tragedy as entertainment. Nedzu will love the vitriol
behind it, if nothing else.
“You’re right,” Kirishima says after a moment. Tentatively, apologetically, he offers Izuku a
smile. “That was — really unmanly of us. Thanks for the, uh, reality check, Midoriya. We
needed it.”
“Yeah,” Kaminari agrees, rubbing the back of his neck. “Seeing everything online… I guess
it starts feeling almost like a TV show or something, and that’s messed up. I’m sorry.”
“Me too. I plead guilty to classroom crimes.” Solemnly, Ashido hangs her head. When she
stretches her arms out in front of her, Aoyama obligingly pantomimes closing handcuffs
around her wrists.
Izuku sighs and rubs his eyes. He reminds himself that he likes Ashido and Kaminari,
because he does. They are good people. They are kind, and fun, and friendly. Ashido never
excludes anyone from anything if she can help it, and Kaminari works far harder than most
people give him credit for. The both of them genuinely want to have a positive impact in the
world, and they try to find little ways to do that even now, which is more than can be said for
most people.
But, says a nasty voice in Izuku’s head. But they are so clueless sometimes, so sheltered and
so naive that a bitter part of Izuku can’t help but wonder how they plan to help the world
when they don’t understand a thing about it.
“There’s no point in apologizing to me,” Izuku says, when he has collected himself enough
not to say it unkindly. “I’m still alive.”
Izuku’s classmates continuing staring at him for a long moment after he goes back to his
notes. It’s Tsu who breaks the silence, asking Iida if he’s alright. Considering what he got
caught up in, it’s a question that should have been asked long before Rogue entered anyone’s
mind.
“You didn’t run into any of the nomu, did you?” Uraraka asks in a small voice.
“…No,” Iida says stiffly. He’s not a good liar, but his normal mannerisms disguise his tells
well enough that no one seems to notice. He glances to Izuku again, and his eyes linger
longer this time, caught around Izuku’s abdomen.
“Good,” Uraraka says, nodding fiercely. “Those things are…” She shudders. “All Might
barely managed to defeat the one at the USJ.”
“And Aizawa-Sensei,” Tsu adds. She doesn’t elaborate further, but she doesn’t need to. 1-A
respects Aizawa, in large part because of the way he protected them at the USJ, and none of
them were unaffected by the injuries he got in the process. Izuku leans over his notebook and
presses the butt of his pencil hard between his brows.
“That’s part of why I think Rogue’s so cool,” Kaminari admits. “He took down two of those
things, and the Hero Killer, and he saved a bunch of people. I didn’t even really see the nomu

at the USJ. Too busy being held hostage.” Kaminari’s self-effacing grin is struck from his
face by Jirou, who stretches a leg across the aisle and kicks him mercilessly in the shin.
“It was a bad match up,” she says dismissively.
“Yeah, bro,” Kirishima agrees. “Don’t beat yourself up. I mean, I was in the middle of the
action, and none of us were a match for Shigaraki and his monster.”
“Shut up about that loser!” Katsuki snaps. The sentiment echoes in Izuku’s head the moment
Tomura’s name comes into it; shut up, shut up, shut up. “We kicked his ass! End of story.”
“Bro. He almost killed you.”
“No he fucking did not! Shut the fuck up!”
“Hey, relax, man. We’d all have been toast if not for All Might and, uh…” Kirishima trails
off, stalled by a hesitation that Tsu doesn’t share.
“And Izuku,” she finishes. “He’s the one who called the retreat.”
How has homeroom not started yet? According to the clock, they still have five minutes
before Aizawa will show up. Izuku glances to one of the cameras in the corner and wonders
if Nedzu is watching.
“Right! The way you stood up to Shigaraki was super manly!”
Izuku only hums when he’s addressed. Shut up, shut up, shut up. He doesn’t see how this
conversation has managed to come around to him for the second time, under a second name.
He doesn’t see why they’re talking about this at all. Does no one remember what happened
the last time this came up? Katsuki fumes in his seat. Izuku almost feels sorry for him. He
makes it so obvious where his sore points are, but everyone still insists on poking at them,
seemingly because they are too oblivious to realize that sore spots hurt when they are poked.
Izuku watches his every move to avoid triggering Katsuki whenever he can — not out of fear,
or even empathy for Katsuki in particular, just out of human decency — but his friends can’t
even be bothered to watch their words, apparently.
“Speaking of Shigaraki — what’s the deal with the hands?!” The question bursts out of
Kaminari like he physically can’t hold it in anymore. Izuku’s own hands halt mid-motion, the
rapid tapping of his pencil against paper giving way to silence like a switch has been flipped.
At the USJ, Katsuki had spat at Tomura. Tomura had taken the hand from his face, Izuku had
taken the hand from Tomura, Izuku had been shot. The hand had been left in the dust of the
ruined plaza at the USJ. The last time Izuku and Tomura spoke, Tomura had been furious
with him for taking his father from him. The next day, Izuku killed All for One.
“It’s a fetish,” Ashido says confidently when Izuku fails to answer. Groans travel around the
room, droning beneath the sudden ringing in Izuku’s ears. “Stuff like that is always a fetish.
Besides, have you seen the pictures of him without them? I’d rather look at a disembodied
hand than his face, TBH. The guy’s all nasty and crusty.”

Izuku closes his notebook and puts his pencil down beside it, perfect parallel lines.
“Shut up,” he says. Once again, Ashido looks at him like he slapped her. Fine. Izuku feels
like she gutted him. Fair’s fair. “He has a skin condition, Ashido. Ridicule him for what he’s
done, god knows he deserves it, but leave the way he looks alone. And the hands are none of
your business. Don’t be gross.”
With the way the class stares at him, you’d think they had no way to anticipate this turn of
events. Izuku can’t help but wonder where they thought he came from. They knew he was at
the USJ. They knew he was with the League. Did they think he was just a victim? As simple
as that, nothing more? Did they look at him and think Poor Izuku, thank god he escaped
those horrible people? Is that how the story goes, in their heads? Did they not realize that
they were insulting Shigaraki Tomura with Shigaraki Izuku sitting only feet away? Kirishima,
at least, should have known better. He had been in the square, had seen Izuku interact with
the others, had seen the way they spoke to each other.
“Dude,” Sero says, eying Izuku critically. “She was just joking.”
Izuku shrugs. “I didn’t think is was very funny.”
“Are we talking about the same Shigaraki? The one who tried to kill us?”
“He did do that,” Izuku says, as if acknowledging that doesn’t make his stomach turn, “but
I’m the reason he didn’t. Say whatever you want about him, but do me a favor and say it
where I can’t hear you.”
“Why?” Kaminari asks. Where Sero was judgmental and defensive, Kaminari is entirely
incredulous. It takes some of the indignant wind out of Izuku’s sails. If everyone has assumed
that Izuku hates the League just as much as the majority of the country, it’s only because he’s
given them no reason to think otherwise. He shrugs again and shakes his head.
“He’s my brother.”
“You have a brother?” Kasumi gasps, examining Izuku closely. Her fascination matters far
more than everyone else’s uncertain confusion, Izuku decides.
“I do.”
“Brothers are the worst,” she says. Izuku can’t help but laugh. That’s the truth, if he’s ever
heard it.
“They really are,” he confirms. “But you love them anyway.”
“Well duh,” Kasumi agrees easily. She settles down, satisfied by such a simple understanding
of such a complicated issue. When Izuku meets Tokoyami’s eye, Tokoyami nods, not half as
simple as Kasumi, but the understanding there is ultimately the same.
Izuku wishes it could be so easy with everyone else. They look at him like they don’t know
what to do with him, now. Yaoyorozu touches his shoulder lightly and he turns to face her.

She’s painfully easy to read, doubt written across her face. He can practically hear her
questioning how well she knows him.
Still, she squeezes his shoulder and asks, “Are you okay?”
The maelstrom of emotions that had been driving Izuku forward collapse. They don’t
disappear, if only, but they fall into disorder, no longer solid or structured enough to take
shape. This morning, Izuku slipped the photo of Tomura and Kurogiri into his bag. Two of
his people, who aren’t his anymore. Tomura’s hair has gotten paler. It’s practically white, at
this point. Izuku did that to him. Izuku shouldn’t have come to school today.
“I miss him,” Izuku admits. He hangs his head against Yaoyorozu’s desk so he doesn’t have
to see her face and pretends the rest of the class doesn’t exist. Slowly, subdued conversation
resumes throughout the room. Less than two minutes later, and entirely too many minutes too
late, homeroom finally begins.

After Hitoshi misses a week of school for his internship, his classmates prove that they are
still nosey little mongrels by prying incessantly into his experience. There’s no universe in
which this wouldn’t have been incredibly annoying, but it also would have been kind of
validating, had the experience not been shit. Another thing Hitoshi would have appreciated
under different circumstances: Izuku barging into class 1-C at the end of the day, effectively
taking all of that incredibly annoying attention. Circumstances being what they are, though,
Hitoshi’s general sentiment about this development is less grateful and more, well — fuck.
“Greenbean!” Yamada exclaims, absolutely thrilled. Hitoshi stares hard at his desk. There’s
some half-erased writing in the corner that he’s never noticed before, and he sets about
deciphering it like an archaeologist uncovering a lost text. “What brings you to my neck of
the hallway?”
“Are you done for the day?” Izuku asks. He sounds — pretty normal, actually. Sure and
steady, more than usual, even. Not like someone who just woke up from a coma, though
when he thinks about it, Hitoshi’s not sure what someone who just woke up from a coma is
meant to sound like.
“Sure am! I’m all yours!”
“I’m here for Shinsou, actually.” Approximately nineteen pairs of eyes land on Hitoshi when
Izuku points his way. He glances up briefly and catches Izuku’s eyes. Izuku raises his
eyebrows as if to ask what the hell Hitoshi is doing, which is a very good question, actually.
What the hell Izuku is doing is an equally good question. He doesn’t come here for Hitoshi;
that’s simply not a thing he does. When training time comes around, Hitoshi meets Izuku and
Aizawa in generic-Greek-letter gym. The intervening time, 45 minutes or so, are meant to be
Hitoshi’s, to do with as he pleases.

Not that seeing Izuku doesn’t please Hitoshi. It does. It really, really does. Which is at least
half the reason Hitoshi is avoiding even looking at him.
“Shinsou?” Yamada echoes. “What about me?!”
“What about you?” The question is asked innocently, and it’s very convincing, but Hitoshi is
developing a keen ear for the way Izuku’s voice twists just slightly with silent amusement
whenever he’s being a little shit. A few people muffle their laughs around the class, and
Hitoshi doesn’t need to look up to know that Yamada has collapsed miserably over his desk.
“Forsaken!” Yamada cries, and his words are in fact muffled, as if he is speaking into a solid
object. “By my own son!”
Hitoshi’s classmates whispers like they are witnessing something enlightening. Between his
transfer to the hero course from who-the-hell-knows where and his relationship to their
surprisingly tight-lipped homeroom teacher, Izuku is class 1-C’s favorite topic of speculation.
Hitoshi, of course, already has all the facts that they scrounge so desparately for, and he’s not
smug about that at all, no sir. He takes Yamada’s spectacle in stride. Two days in the AizawaYamada household had been plenty enough time for such interactions to become common
place. By Hitoshi’s calculations, Yamada reacts with dramatic heartbreak to a solid 20% of
everything that Izuku says.
Izuku splutters. “You— You’re not my dad! He’s not my d-dad!”
“Rejected!”
“I’m taking Shinsou,” Izuku announces. Much to the surprise of Shinsou himself — who
wants it on record that he was not consulted — Izuku proceeds to do just that. Red-faced,
Izuku crosses the room, resolutely ignoring that everyone in it is staring at him, and snags
Hitoshi’s bag by the strap and Hitoshi by the wrist. Taking is actually a very good word for
the way Izuku drags them to the door.
“Wait!” Yamada calls as Hitoshi trips over the threshold. “I’m going shopping! Do you want
anything?!”
“No, thanks!” Izuku calls back just before he slams the door shut.
“So, uh,” Hitoshi laughs, not even a bit nervously. Izuku glances over only for a moment,
pulling Hitoshi along with single-minded focus. He walks fast enough that Hitoshi has to use
the full length of his stride to keep up, which is absurd because Hitoshi is half a foot taller
than Izuku, and that’s basically all leg. Hitoshi twists to avoid bumping shoulders with
another student and asks, “What’s up? Did Aizawa send you? Are we starting early or
something?”
“No,” Izuku replies, passing Hitoshi his things without slowing down or relinquishing the
grip he has on Hitoshi’s himself. “He’ll probably be late, actually. Iida.”
“Ah.”

“I looked for you at lunch.”
“Oh.”
“I thought, you know. After internships, I thought you might—” Izuku brushes his own words
off with a wave of his free hand. His flush, which had faded after leaving the classroom,
flares up again. “Anyway. I didn’t see you.”
“Yeah,” Hitoshi says. He should say something else, but he doesn’t. Izuku drags him out of
the building onto the grounds.
After a long moment of not saying anything either, Izuku asks, “Where were you?”
“You know. Around.”
“Were you avoiding me?” Izuku finally slows down a bit, so he can look over at Hitoshi and
frown. Hitoshi finds a particularly interesting tree and looks at that. Izuku says, “Oh,” and
drops Hitoshi’s arm. Before Izuku can say anything else, Hitoshi grabs him, reversing their
roles with a grip that is probably too tight. He forces himself to relax.
“Only a little bit,” Hitoshi offers. To be fair, he wasn’t prepared for Izuku to notice that
Hitoshi had been avoiding him. He hadn’t wanted to see Izuku, sure, but he also hadn’t
expected Izuku to want to see him. Really, Hitoshi wasn’t even avoiding Izuku so much as
avoiding his own feelings, which just so happened to be connected to Izuku. Unfortunately
for Hitoshi, avoiding your feelings is significantly harder to do when the cause of said
feelings can and will hunt you down.
No avoiding it now. Izuku frowns right into Hitoshi’s face. Hitoshi is glad that Izuku at least
led them away from the main gate so they’re not blocking traffic when Hitoshi stops in the
middle of the path and stares like an idiot.
During Izuku’s hospital stay, Hitoshi had done a lot of staring. By Friday, Izuku had looked…
peaceful. The same can’t be said, now. Being awake makes it painfully obvious how much he
needs sleep, and while his hair is clean, it’s an absolute mess. His eyebrows are drawn down
and creased together. The one he partially burnt off when he set his face on fire during the
sports festival is only just starting to grow back, but there’s a new scar right at the end of it, a
small red divot in his skin. He looks exhausted and stressed, and just a bit of hurt shines
through the defensive guard he’s got up. Honestly, he looks terrible.
Terrible, but alive, and that— Yeah. Hitoshi knew that was going to be kind of
overwhelming, which is precisely why he was avoiding it.
“I had some things I needed to think about,” Hitoshi explains vaguely. He drops his eyes at
the same time as Izuku’s wrist. Izuku rubs at it idly.
“About Hosu?” he asks.
“What about Hosu?” Hitoshi asks in return.

“About the part where I cut out the Hero Killer’s tongue and reduced a nomu to vapor,” Izuku
says flatly. “Are you afraid of me, yet?” Hitoshi snorts and shakes his head. It’s absurd, just
how grim and serious Izuku is.
“No,” Hitoshi says, and it’s the truth, at least in the way Izuku means it. “If I was going to be
afraid of you, I think it would have stuck the first time.” Mentioning Izuku’s father, even
obliquely, probably isn’t a good move, but Izuku just keeps frowning, like Hitoshi is a puzzle
he can’t solve. As if Hitoshi is the confusing one, of the two of them. Hitoshi nods in the
direction they had been walking. “Come on, I don’t know where we’re going.”
Izuku is slow to move, but when Hitoshi starts walking blindly down the path, Izuku
reluctantly takes the lead. Not far from the gym, there’s a small courtyard that Hitoshi has
somehow never seen before. Sometimes, UA’s campus seems infinite, with the way new
places seem to pop up out of nowhere. Forgoing the benches dotted around, Izuku settles
himself into the shade that pools around the base of a large tree. Hitoshi follows him over the
grass and sits at his side, not so close that they are touching, but close enough that they could.
Izuku pulls a couple of granola bars from his bag and offers one to Hitoshi. As it passes from
Izuku’s hand to Hitoshi’s something strikes Hitoshi as very wrong about the whole situation.
“Wait a minute,” Hitoshi says, grabbing Izuku before he can withdraw. There’s a gnarly scar
on both sides of his hand, one Hitoshi has never seen before — because it was covered by a
cast. “This arm was definitely broken the last time I saw you.”
“Not you too,” Izuku sighs. “I fixed it. It’s fine.”
Hitoshi hums skeptically, stretching out Izuku’s arm and pushing him away with an elbow
when he tries to lean over to slacken the limb. The irritation on Izuku’s face is clear, but
Hitoshi has a point to prove, so he’s not letting go unless Izuku explicitly asks.
“Fixed, right? So you wouldn’t mind if I—” Izuku hisses before Hitoshi even touches his
elbow. “Yeah, that’s what I thought.” Quick as a viper, and just about as deadly, Izuku’s free
hand darts out and jabs hard into Hitoshi’s side. He folds in half with a wheeze.
“It’s fine,” Izuku insists, snatching his arm back and drawing it to his chest. “I’m fine.”
Hitoshi blinks at the intensity of Izuku’s scowl and admonishment. Izuku hasn’t spoken to
him so harshly since their confrontation when Hitoshi’s training first started. It’s startling,
and Hitoshi notices again that Izuku looks terrible. Not just physically. He looks stressed,
wound up and worn down.
“Fuck,” Hitoshi says. “Are you okay?”
“I just told you I’m fine.”
“Said every person who hasn’t been fine, ever.” Hitoshi holds his hands up when Izuku glares
daggers at him, and keeps them in the air even when the sharp edge in Izuku’s eyes dulls to
something less deadly. “Did you drag me out here just to call me on my bullshit, then? I
mean, fair.”

Izuku’s eyes slide to the side. He picks his granola bar to pieces, eating it in small chunks.
“What did you need to think about?” he asks after a long silence. “That made you avoid me?”
Hitoshi pales and then flushes in such rapid succession that he gets a bit lightheaded. Yeah,
okay, he probably should have known that Izuku wasn’t going to just let that go. He probably
shouldn’t have admitted it at all, but lying to Izuku’s face isn’t something Hitoshi wants to
do.
“About the part where you almost died,” Hitoshi says, a fully truthful answer despite only
being half of the truth. It’s the most important half, anyway. The half that hurts.
“I’m fine,” Izuku repeats. Hitoshi still doesn’t believe that, but for the moment, he refrains
from saying as much, biting his tongue around a comment about broken records.
“You… really didn’t look fine, Midoriya. You looked—”
Aizawa falling to his knees. Medics swarming like flies. Blood raining from the sky.
A body laying in the center of it all.
Izuku had painted a very convincing picture of a dead person.
“Oh,” Izuku says softly. With the aggression abruptly stripped out of his voice, he just sounds
weary. Hitoshi blinks back to himself and swallows against the churning in his stomach. “Are
you okay?”
“Working on it,” Hitoshi admits.
Izuku sighs, draws his knees up to his chest, and rests his cheek against them. When he meets
Hitoshi’s eyes, understanding passes between them like a tangible thing. Neither of them are
okay. It sucks majorly, but hiding it would probably only make it worse. Hitoshi lets himself
relax against the tree at his back.
“I’m sorry,” Izuku says.
“Why?” Hitoshi asks. Izuku apologizes so frequently that Hitoshi honestly can’t keep up.
“I keep doing this. Dumping all my problems on you, like you don’t have any of your own.”
Hitoshi shrugs. “Your problems are bigger than my problems.”
“That doesn’t make them more important,” Izuku says, shaking his head adamantly. Once his
point has been properly enforced, the bought of energy leaves him with a sigh. “I — we’re
friends, aren’t we?”
“We are,” Hitoshi answers without hesitation, because it is suddenly unacceptable that Izuku
continue to doubt this. “We’re friends.”
“Then our problems are equal,” Izuku decides with a nod. Hitoshi still isn’t really sure how to
be someone’s friend, and that’s still a little terrifying. It still sounds like something he’s going

to fuck up. But he thinks this is probably a good place to start. Hitoshi nods back, and Izuku
finally smiles. He sighs again immediately after.
“Seriously, what’s wrong?” Hitoshi asks. “Consider this my fully informed consent to having
the problem dumped on me. Do you want it in writing?”
Izuku huffs like he can’t find a laugh in him. He turns his chin into his knees, staring from
their shaded nook into the brightness of the courtyard. He spins something around his wrist
— not the cuff, but a band of fabric that covers the thick circle of scarring he has there.
“I miss Tomura,” Izuku confesses without looking at Hitoshi.
“Tomura?” Hitoshi asks carefully. “You mean, uh — Shigaraki Tomura, right? Your brother.
Who is still alive.”
“My brother, who is still alive,” Izuku confirms dully. He doesn’t sound overly thrilled about
that, which — well, it’s ominous.
“Tell me about him,” Hitoshi suggests.
It seems like a good idea at the time — after all, more information is always better, and
Hitoshi knows exactly two things about Shigaraki: that he’s a villain and that Izuku cares
about him a whole hell of a lot. Both of those things are good cause to learn more about the
guy.
Then Izuku goes uncannily still and Hitoshi suspects that this idea, like many of his ideas,
was actually a bad one in disguise. Hitoshi’s not sure Izuku’s even breathing.
“You already know about him,” Izuku says eventually.
“I know two things about him,” Hitoshi argues.
“Look him up, then. The internet has plenty to say."
“About Shigaraki, sure. I’m asking about your brother.”
Izuku does not tell Hitoshi about his brother. Izuku just stares. After Stain, he’d had this look
in his eyes — fixed and kind of distant. Like he was seeing everything in front on him and
then chasing fifty different thoughts to a conclusion that no one else could follow him to. He
turns that look on Hitoshi, now. Hitoshi meets it with a dead-faced stare of his own, refusing
to squirm under the scrutiny.
“How do you do that?” Izuku asks.
“Do what?”
“Just… not care,” Izuku elaborates. He pulls at the grass around his shoes, snapping blades
off near the root.

“Trust me,” Hitoshi laughs. “I care plenty.” Izuku huffs another one of those not-laughs,
though Hitoshi highly doubts that he gets the irony.
“It would bother most people,” Izuku says. “Me missing him. He’s done horrible things. Why
should I care about someone like that?”
“…Because he’s your brother?” Hitoshi suggests.
“He’s a villain.”
“And? Does that suddenly make him not your brother? Do villains not have brothers? Or do
their brothers also have to be villains?” Izuku stares at Hitoshi like he’s grown a second head,
but Hitoshi continues seriously, “I’m an only child, Midoriya. I’m not familiar with the ins
and outs of brotherhood. If there are rules, you’re legally obligated to tell me. Otherwise it’s
entrapment.”
Izuku shakes his head and laughs, weak and oddly relieved, but a real laugh, not just a breath
of air that acknowledges the space where a laugh could have been. “That,” Izuku says.
“That’s why I dragged you out here.”
Hitoshi blinks. “…To entrap me?”
“Exactly,” Izuku confirms, even while he shakes his head. Hitoshi is getting mixed signals,
but he guesses, in the end, Izuku’s reasons don’t matter. That Hitoshi is here at all matters far
more than why Hitoshi is here. Izuku forces his face into an overly stern expression. “I’m
with the comedy police. Your jokes are criminal.”
“Criminally good?”
“Guess again. Any last words?” Izuku tilts his head just a little and squints one of his eyes
shut, clasping his hands together and pointing them at Hitoshi’s face. For a long moment,
they stare at each other over the barrel of Izuku’s finger gun.
Then, Hitoshi says, “Well— fuck.”
Izuku drops his weapon as his composure dissolves. He laughs again, tired and breathy
before it peters out entirely. He tips sideways until his shoulder is pressed to Hitoshi’s. Izuku
leans his weight between them and tips his head back to smile at Hitoshi, happy and sad at
the same time. Bittersweet would be the word for it, Hitoshi thinks. It gets a bit sweeter when
Hitoshi gives Izuku his flattest, bitchiest look.
Still smiling, Izuku closes his eyes, looking slightly less terrible and even more alive. His
head rests against the tree, very nearly on Hitoshi’s shoulder, close enough that Izuku’s hair
brushes Hitoshi’s ear when the breeze tugs at it. And Hitoshi admits defeat.
He’s been fighting a losing battle. Some things can be compacted, kept small and tucked
away, but the moment they’re let out, there’s no go back. Feelings can be like that. Hitoshi
doesn’t even know how they got folded up so small to begin with, not when there’s so much
of it that it’s spilling through his ribs.

Hitoshi thinks he’s always going to remember the way he ran in Hosu. He’s never run so
desperately in his life. After running like that, it gets really hard to deny that you care. After
trying so hard to reach something, it gets really hard to deny how much you want it. Izuku
fell and Hitoshi ran. Hitoshi ran and he didn’t make it. Hitoshi didn’t make it and Izuku hit
the ground. Izuku hit the ground and Hitoshi—
Izuku hit the ground and he got back up. It took him a few days, but he got back up. Hitoshi
is always going to remember running, but he can stop, now.
“Thanks, Shinsou,” Izuku says softly.
Hitoshi probably would have asked for what? but instead he says, “Call me Hitoshi.” He says
it without thinking — or rather, he’s thinking, but not of a single thing other than the fact that
Izuku probably would have fallen sideways by now if Hitoshi weren’t sitting next to him.
“Since we’re friends at all.”
“Will you finally call me Izuku, then?”
“Probably not.” Izuku opens his eyes specifically to roll them.
Before the running, before desperation grabbed him in a choke hold, Hitoshi had stood in the
street. Izuku stood next to him, so exhausted that he swayed on his feet. So he had pressed
their shoulders together and leaned some of his weight against Hitoshi. For that moment,
despite everything, Hitoshi had been glad to be there. Even if the only thing he could do was
keep Izuku standing after everything was over, he was glad to be there to do it.
Because Izuku is Hitoshi’s best friend.
Hitoshi kind of wants to kiss him.
Honestly though, so what? He’s wanted to kiss Izuku at least a little bit since he looked at
Hitoshi with a strained muscle in his shoulder and stars in his eyes, like Hitoshi’s quirk was
the most amazing thing he’d ever encountered, even after it was used against him. Nothing
has changed. He's just done running, is all.
When Hitoshi smiles, Izuku smiles back.

Chapter End Notes

*News caster voice* This just in, Shinsou Hitoshi has been upgraded to a Category 5
Gay Disaster. Public safety officials are recommending that everyone in the affected
areas evacuate immediately and — Oh. Oh wait. What’s this? Looks like he’s, uh. Got it
under control?
-----

Aizawa: There’s no limit to the number of people you can love.
Izuku: Unlimited inventory.
Aizawa: What?
Izuku: Tomura hates inventory management.
Aizawa: I have no idea what you’re saying.
Izuku: Don’t talk about my brother that way!
1-A: He tried to kill us!
Izuku: …He’s adopted.
Izuku: I was talking to Hitoshi—
Shouto: You call him Hitoshi?
Izuku: Yeah?
Shouto: Hmmm
Izuku: What? I call you Shouto. Hitoshi calls you Shouto!
Shouto: But I call him Shinsou.
Izuku: And he calls me Midoriya
Shouto: Hmmmmmm
Izuku: WHAT???
Mic: When do you think Izuku is going to figure out that Shinsou has a crush on him?
Aizawa: Hopefully never.
----Next Chapter: One for All - Part V
----EDIT 8/23/24
To keep everyone informed - I work at a school, and classes are starting up again, so if
updates slow down, it's just because I've gotten too busy to write as regularly as I have
been. IGG has still not been abandoned, it's just marinating.

Chapter 47: One for All - Part V
Chapter Notes

Real quick — I cut a chapter but posted the draft as a separate work in this series. It’s
still “canonical,” but I removed it for pacing reasons, and you don’t need to read it if you
don’t want to.
Now, on to the important stuff.
This chapter is a long one, I’m so fucking excited for it, I’m vibrating out of my skin.
Let me know what you think! Seriously — I want to know at least 3x more than usual,
and I already feed off external validation, so that’s saying a lot.
For your reference later in this chapter: Kurose is Thirteen. Any other name that you
don’t recognize was randomly generated to fill in the ranks. The committee is now in
session.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Midoriya stands like a cliff on the sea side — tall and solid, unwavering against an abusive
current but not untouched by it. As straight as he stands, there’s an unmistakable exhaustion
draped over his shoulders. Unmistakable, at least, to Toshinori, whose spine has been
hunched under the same weight for years.
“You wanted to speak with me, sir?” Midoriya asks, carefully polite. He’d nearly pass for
deferential, if not for the way his jaw flexes as he grinds his teeth.
“Yes. Yes, of course. Please, sit. Would you like some tea?”
Without waiting for a response, Toshinori pours the both of them a cup. He takes a sip,
remembers that he’s more partial to coffee, and places the saucer to the side. The tea had been
Nedzu’s suggestions, when Toshinori had sought his advice on how to make Midoriya feel
more at ease. Aizawa likely would have been the best person to ask, but Toshinori is only
slightly embarrassed to admit that he hadn’t worked up the nerve to approach his colleague.
Aizawa isn’t Toshinori’s biggest fan on the best of days, and he seems to have no faith in
Toshinori at all, where Midoriya is concerned.
The boy takes a seat on the couch, with the room in sight and a clear line to the door. He
regards Toshinori with thinly veiled suspicion, but no concern. All the anxiety in the room is
Toshinori’s, and it’s the absurdity of that realization that finally allows him to relax.
“Do you mind if I eat?” Midoriya asks, setting his lunch on the low table that sits between the
couch and Toshinori’s chair.

“Of course not,” Toshinori says. He lifts a neatly wrapped bento of his own. “I’ll be doing the
same. Thank you for taking time out of your break to speak with me.” Midoriya merely nods,
picking at his food. Silent, he watches Toshinori keenly, and Toshinori, feeling unreasonable
scrutinized, forces himself to sit up straighter, despite the twinge of protest that comes with
the stretching of his abdomen.
“I owe you an apology,” he begins gravely. “Several, I’m afraid. More than once now, I
haven’t been around when you’ve needed me.”
Midoriya’s eyes drop. “I haven’t needed you,” he says neutrally, voice betraying none of the
hot defiance that had flashed through his eyes in the brief moments before he looked away.
“I suppose not,” Toshinori agrees, “but that you’ve needed not to need me is just as much a
failure on my part. You were the hero Hosu needed that night.” A small smile tugs at
Toshinori’s lips as he recalls seeing a video along similar lines. Midoriya doesn’t share the
fondness.
“I was just there,” he sighs, like he is tired of saying it — which he almost definitely is.
Toshinori only witnessed a bit of what had followed the reveal of Midoriya’s identity to his
classmates, and he’s sure their curiosity was much more intense when their teachers weren’t
watching. “I was there, so I did what I could. That’s no more special than any of the other
heroes who were there that night, doing what they could.”
Toshinori doesn’t bother to point out that Midoriya is capable of far more than most others. It
goes without saying, and it’s missing the point. Instead, Toshinori says, “It’s rare for what a
person could do to line up with what a person actually does. Few people, including heroes,
put their all into helping others. Anyone could, but for any number of reasons, they choose
not to.”
After a long, uncomfortable pause where he refuses to meet Toshinori’s eyes, Midoriya
seems to decide that it’s not worth discussing. “Alright,” he says. “Is that all?”
Toshinori wonders if there’s some alternate universe where conversation could flow easily
between them. Their history is hard to ignore, even the small fraction that Midoriya is aware
of, but Toshinori is old, and he’s tired, and he would very much like to leave that history in
the past. In the six weeks since Midoriya arrived at UA, he has not only soothed Toshinori’s
initial fears, but also peaked Toshinori’s interest. Excluding Gran Torino’s intervention,
which is a mystery that still makes Toshinori anxious to dwell on, Midoriya has shown
nothing but promise. Toshinori would have liked to know Midoriya better, if only the boy
would allow it.
“There’s another thing,” Toshinori continues when Midoriya begins to shift impatiently in his
seat. “I wanted to apologize, but that’s not why I asked you to meet me.”
“Why then?”
“Ah,” Toshinori dithers for another long moment. He scratches his chin. “To be honest, I’m
not entirely sure where to start. I guess I’ll cut to the chase. Have you ever heard of One for

All?” Midoriya sits back, thoughts suddenly racing behind his eyes. For the first time,
Toshinori has his attention as a result of genuine interest rather than wary vigilance.
“No,” he murmurs, soft enough that he could be speaking to himself. “No, I haven’t. From
the name, I can guess that it has something to do with my father, which would explain why
you’d want to speak with me, of all people. He never mentioned anything to me, though. Of
course he didn’t.”
Toshinori had committed to this decision when he asked Midoriya to speak with him, and he
can hardly back out now that the boy is actually in front of him, but the brittleness of
Midoriya’s final, trailing words makes Toshinori second guess himself, a bit. The story of
One for All is engraved in Toshinori’s mind almost exactly as Nana had told it to him, all
those years ago, and it’s a story that he believes Midoriya deserves to hear. Now that the time
has come, Toshinori hesitates to share it as it was shared with him, but he doesn’t know it any
other way.
Midoriya plows through Toshinori’s internal conflict, meeting his eyes with a directness that
could be read as a challenge. “Tell me,” the boy demands.
Toshinori hesitates for only a single second more, before he nod, clears his throat, and begins,
“Back when quirks first started showing up, society started to break down. In the middle of
that chaos, there was one man uniquely suited to seize power.”
“My father.”
“All for One,” Toshinori confirms, but Midoriya’s two word contribution has already shaken
his confidence. It is far easier to recite a story than it is to have a conversation. “He…”
“You can say it.”
“He manipulated people at their most vulnerable. He made the strong fear him, and he
promised the weak strength of their own. He leveraged safety against people when they
needed it most. As more people flocked to him, he grew stronger, and as he grew stronger,
more people flocked to him. Only a few years later, Japan was almost completely under his
control.”
Midoriya frowns slightly to himself. He doesn’t seem shocked by anything Toshinori has
said. None of it seems to be new information to him, necessarily. Rather, he seems to be
thinking about things he already knew in new ways.
“And then?” he asks. “He was powerful and power hungry. He wanted control, and he got it,
but by the time I was born, he had — well, not lost it, but he went from directing the show to
pulling strings behind the scenes. No one even knew he existed. My father wasn’t a humble
man. If he could have been king, he wouldn’t just have just… given up that crown.
Something must have happened. But—”
Toshinori clears his throat again. Midoriya seals his mouth into a frustrated line, halting his
rambling train of thought. He looks to Toshinori for answers that Toshinori only partially has.

“All for One’s influence was almost complete, but when one person rises to power, others
inevitably rise to fight back. All for One’s brother opposed him again and again—”
“Brother?” Midoriya interrupts, barely a whisper, a stark contrast to the rapid, focused
muttering of moments before. “My father had a brother?”
“…He did,” Toshinori replies. Midoriya, moments ago intently concentrated, now stares into
the middle distance. He pulls one of his legs onto the couch and wraps an arm around it, selfsoothing in a way that makes him seem younger — or rather, finally shows the true age of a
boy who usually seems much older. Toshinori considers, for a moment, placing a grounding
hand on the boy’s shoulder. He even goes as far as to reach out, but he reconsiders and clasps
his hands between his knees to control the urge. He clears his throat again, almost
compulsively, and continues, “A younger brother. He was Quirkless and sickly, but he had a
strong sense of justice, and so he gathered a resistance to fight against All for One.”
“Quirkless?” Midoriya echoes. More obviously than ever, he is speaking to himself. “He
couldn’t be. Or he couldn’t have stayed that way, at least. My father would see it as a
problem to solve, or— or an opportunity to take advantage of. Either way, he would have
given him a quirk. That— That’s what One for All is, isn’t it? It must be. All for One and
One for All. Siblings, diametrically opposed.” Midoriya laughs shortly. “Of course.”
With a jolt, Toshinori realizes that Midoriya must be thinking of Shimura Tenko. The bitter
yearning on his face isn’t something Toshinori has ever felt himself, but it feels deeply
personal to witness. Toshinori stares at his food and doesn’t look up when Midoriya huffs
another curt laugh.
“You’re a bright boy,” Toshinori says. He means it, though it’s said mostly to distract from
his own uncomfortable thoughts. The praise seems to agitate Midoriya further, but he falls
silent once more. “Yes, All for One gave his brother a quirk that stockpiled power in his
body. Neither of them realized at the time that the brother had never actually been Quirkless
to begin with. Like All for One, the brother could pass on quirks, and they probably never
would have realized, if the brother’s natural quirk hadn’t merged together with the
stockpiling quirk All for One gave him.”
“Quirks don’t merge,” Midoriya refutes with a furrow between his brows, reminding
Toshinori once again that the story he is telling wasn’t written for the audience he is telling it
to. “They— They tangle. It’s messy. It’s a mistake. The quirks may interact, but they’re still
separate things, and they’re still meant to stay separate, but once they’re tangled, there’s
usually no— no easy way to separate them.”
Toshinori can’t say he fully understands the impromptu lesson, nor does he understand why
Midoriya cares so much about the distinction, but Midoriya is, undeniably, the closest thing
to an expert on the topic, so Toshinori smiles agreeably and nods along. Perhaps his smile
ends up a bit too vacant, because Midoriya stops himself, pressing his mouth to his folded up
knee and glancing off to the side.
“Sorry,” he says. “You can keep going.”

“You’d know better than me. The quirks tangled together, then,” Toshinori amends, “into a
quirk that stockpiled power and could transfer that power between people.”
“One for All.”
Toshinori nods. “In his dying moments, the brother passed his quirk and all the power it had
accumulated on to another man. Eventually, the second passed the quirk on to a third, and a
fourth, and so on, hoping that One for All would some day grow strong enough to defeat All
for One.”
“Which holder are you?” Midoriya asks. Toshinori smiles. At this point, he’s not even
surprised that the boy has figured it out on his own. “The… seventh?”
Surprised now, Toshinori can’t help but laugh. “The eighth,” he corrects.
As impressive as Midoriya’s deductive reasoning skills continuously prove to be, Toshinori
can usually figure out how the boy comes to the conclusions he does. In retrospect, Toshinori
can see the pieces that the boy has put together, even if Toshinori never would have been able
to do so himself. But with this, even having been incorrect, Toshinori has no idea how
Midoriya got as close as he did. With any other child Toshinori would attribute it to pure
dumb luck, but he doubts Midoriya guessed blindly. Did he use math? Toshinori has never
been good at math.
Midoriya hums doubtfully, like something about Toshinori’s answer doesn’t make sense to
him. Toshinori lets the boy think, reluctant to interrupt whatever mental calculus he may be
performing.
“Was one of you Quirkless?” Midoriya finally asks. “I mean—”
Midoriya’s elaboration is lost to Toshinori, drowned out by the sudden and violent coughing
that rattles through his chest and ears. He rubs the heel of his palm against his warped ribs
and swallows down the rest of the fit, hunched over his knees. When he catches his breath, he
leans back and stares at Midoriya. The boy meets Toshinori’s incredulity blankly.
“How could you possibly know that?” Toshinori asks, too forcefully based on the way the
boy shifts away from him. Midoriya draws his shoulders up near his ears, a defensive motion
disguised as a shrug.
“I told you,” he says. “Quirks t-tangle. They’re all— knotted around each other, but I can— I
can still kind of c-count them. You said you’re the eighth, but there’s— there’s only six qquirks tangled in, so—” Midoriya dismisses his own explanation with a rough shake of his
head. He deflects, “Why are you even t-telling me all this?”
The urge to press itches at Toshinori. If anyone else revealed that information, they would be
swept into an interrogation in a blink. Toshinori can count the number of people who know
those details on a single hand, and he has told nearly all of them himself. To have someone,
much less this odd child, confront Toshinori with knowledge about him that he hasn’t granted
them — Toshinori might call the feeling vulnerability. It’s horrible. Toshinori is just too used
to keeping secrets.

Toshinori rubs his hands up and down the fabric of his pants, then runs them through his hair.
Midoriya’s face is unreadable, but his body is coiled to flee. The leg he pulled up onto the
couch is folded slightly beneath him now, braced against the cushion to give him leverage in
the case that he needs to move quickly. Toshinori sighs. He forces himself to let it go, if only
for now.
“You’ve seen me,” Toshinori says in answer to Midoriya’s question. He shrugs helplessly.
Raising his hands calls a gruesome amount of attention to the way his sleeves sag around his
emaciated arms. “I’ll keep fighting until I can’t anymore, but that day is approaching faster
than I’d like to admit. People need someone to rely on, and it can’t be me forever. It can’t be
me for much longer, even. The best I can do is pass this power on to the next generation, so
the world is prepared for the inevitable. I took a position here hoping that I would meet
someone who would let me make a decision I could be confident about.”
Midoriya stares at Toshinori for a long moment. He waits for Toshinori to continue. Toshinori
doesn’t.
“You can’t mean me,” Midoriya finally says. Normally, he is so confident in the conclusions
he draws, even when they come seemingly from thin air, but now doubt colors his voice. He
sounds, in a strange way, almost hopeful — like he is hoping Toshinori will laugh at the
ridiculous assumption he’s made.
“And why can’t I?” Toshinori asks.
Midoriya stands abruptly. Toshinori half thinks the boy has reached his limit and is going to
make a break for it. Instead, he paces restlessly, parallel to the far wall of the room.
“There— There’s dozens of reasons,” he says, words stern despite how they shake, and
emphasized by wild movements of his hands, “but— but— I mean, really? One for All, it’s—
it’s an enhancement quirk, right? The power it’s accumulated enhances the holder’s abilities.
Have you thought about what it could mean, to— to enhance my quirk? Have you thought
about how disastrous that could be?”
“I haven’t,” Toshinori admits, in large part because he wants to hear what Midoriya has to say
on the matter. In truth, he has given very little thought to the situation since Hosu, and he
never got as far as contemplating the quirk theory behind it all. Toshinori has never been
good at quirk theory.
“I am—” Midoriya swallows, his face twisting into a pained grimace. He stops and turns to
the whiteboard mounted on the wall, resting his forehead against it with a dull thunk. He
collects himself and turns back to Toshinori, bracing his hands on the thin metal shelf running
along the bottom of the board. “I am stronger than my father was. I don’t take quirks the way
he did. I attract them.” The boy’s resentment of his quirk is put into sharp relief by the almost
melancholic look of distaste on his face as he spit the words out. He treats them like a poison
that will kill him if it lingers in his mouth.
“It’s like— It’s like magnets,” Midoriya continues. A few sheets of paper drift to the ground
as he pulls the star-shaped magnet that had been securing them to the whiteboard. He holds
the small object up in demonstration. “Weak magnets can be kept apart,” he explains, tapping

fidgety fingers into the star’s concave angles. Without warning, he tosses it, and Toshinori
only catches it by reflex. There’s a simple face embossed on the magnet’s yellow surface; a
cartoonish grin beams up at Toshinori from his palms. Perplexed, he stares at it until
Midoriya draws his attention up again. Slow and deliberate, the boy reaches to the side and
taps the whiteboard twice.
There’s a crack like a gunshot. Muscle memory has Toshinori tensing for a fight, but the
sound is so dissonant with the situation that he hardly processes it. He has brought his hands
up in a defensive position, and it’s only upon realizing that that Toshinori realizes he’s no
longer holding the tiny star.
“Strong magnets can’t be,” Midoriya says, tipping his head to the side, toward the magnet
shining cheerfully on the board next to him. “My quirk… any more, and it might be too
much. I can’t take One for All, and I don’t want it.”
Curious, Toshinori stands and crosses the room. Midoriya skirts along the whiteboard to keep
distance between them, but Toshinori focuses on the magnet that had been snatched from his
hands faster than he could blink. It slides slowly along the board when he pushes at it, but he
can’t get a fingernail underneath it no matter how hard he tries.
“You don’t need it, either,” Toshinori agrees, only after really and truly confirming that the
magnet’s not coming off anytime soon. Toshinori smiles at Midoriya, returning to his seat to
give the boy the space he obviously wants. “I considered offering it to you, but after Hosu, I
realized it would be… redundant. I don’t think you could have done much more that night,
even with One for All.”
“Then what do you want with me?” Midoriya asks, though he sounds relieved rather than
confrontational. He creeps back towards the couch, moving slowly and keeping his eyes on
Toshinori, like a wary cat. “What does this have to do with me?”
“The story of All for One and One for All is as much yours as it is mine,” Toshinori says.
“For a long time, I thought I was the one to end it. But I didn’t. You did.”
Midoriya settles on the couch, folding one of his legs up just as he had before. Resting his
cheek against his knee, he closes his eyes. There’s a moment of silence. Internally, Toshinori
dedicates it to the dead, to all the lives lost over the course of their all-too-true story. He
wonders if Midoriya does the same.
“Alright,” Midoriya says when the moment has passed. He sounds weary. He doesn’t open
his eyes. “What about the rest of it? Your search for a— for a successor. Why even bring it
up?”
“You don’t need One for All. I was hoping you would help me find someone who does.
Nedzu says you know the student body better than anyone.”
“Except for him,” Midoriya counters instantly. “He knows practically everything about
everyone who comes into this rat maze. Have him help you. I’ve barely started analyzing the
second year hero students.”

“Yes, well. Nedzu is a brilliant being, and I have a great deal of respect for him, of course,
but he isn’t…” Here, Aizawa would call the principal a sociopath. Toshinori tries to think of a
gentler way to put it. He settles on, “Nedzu isn’t the best at evaluating people’s principles.”
Which is to say, the moral yardstick Nedzu uses to measure others is inconsistent and
sometimes worryingly short. Midoriya nods in idle agreement. “You did everything you
could in Hosu. You take that for granted, but you’re one of the only people who would. You
are a compassionate, determined, intelligent, and resilient young man. In a different life, I
would have gladly given you One for All. The way I see it, that makes your opinion
invaluable.”
Midoriya stops nodding as soon as Toshinori’s praise begins. He looks at Toshinori, at first
confused, then increasingly unimpressed. Midoriya stares through narrowed eyes, and then
sighs and sits up. He plants both of his feet firmly on the ground, rests his hands flat on his
thighs, and angles himself to meet Toshinori’s eyes directly.
“If you want my advice,” Midoriya offers, tipping his chin up in a subtle movement that tells
Toshinori that he’s not going to like whatever the boy says next, “let it die. You said it
yourself: the story ended with us. The war is over. No one won. No one ever does. If All for
One gave my father too much power, then One for All gave its holders too much
responsibility. You’re a teacher at the top hero school in the nation. If you want to prepare the
next generation, teach all of them what it means to be a hero, instead of picking one to groom
into a symbol.
“Besides,” Midoriya sighs, shoulders slumping and eyes sliding away from Toshinori’s,
“your quirk is an abomination.”
Iron fills Toshinori’s mouth when he bites his tongue all the way to bleeding. Midoriya’s head
is tilted down, and his hair falls over his face, but Toshinori can tell that he’s being observed
very carefully. The boy said what he said expecting a reaction, but Toshinori refuses to give a
bad one. He can’t think of anything to say that isn’t outraged, so he clenches his fists and says
nothing at all. Otherwise, he’ll destroy whatever fragile peace he’s managed to foster in an
instant.
“It’s tangled up with so many others,” Midoriya elaborates, almost apologetically, like he
regrets having to share such an ugly truth. Fast and strained, he continues, “You feel more
like a nomu than a regular person. It’s more organized, I guess, but— but I’m honestly
surprised you aren’t brain dead. If you don’t let it die, it’s only a matter of time until it— it kkills itself. I— I’m sorry, but you— you can only play Russian roulette for so long before
someone gets sh-shot in the head.”
Toshinori’s nails dig unkindly into the grooves between his knuckles as he hangs his head
over his clasped hands. One for All is the closest thing to a miracle Toshinori has ever
encountered. Midoriya is the closest thing to an expert on this topic. Toshinori doesn’t know
which of these two facts is more important. The silence throbs in his ears in time with his
pulse. He doesn’t hear Midoriya move, but when the boy next speaks, his voice comes from
behind.
“Do you know his name?” Midoriya questions, halting, as if he’s uncertain whether he should
ask even as he’s asking. Toshinori blinks and drags his eyes up to the couch, empty now.

“Whose?” he asks belatedly.
There’s another pause. The boy has proven to move so quietly that Toshinori, uncertain that
he’s even still present, turns in his chair to check. Midoriya stands at the door, poised to open
it, but lingering. His fingers flex repeatedly over the handle.
“The brother,” he says, staring at his shoes. “My… uncle.”
Toshinori realizes that he doesn’t. He doesn’t know the name of the first holder of One for
All, and he has never thought to ask. He’s not sure that anyone has ever thought to ask.
Toshinori feels like the hole in his gut is opening wider.
“No, I’m sorry to say that I don’t.”
If Midoriya finds this information even a fraction as heartbreaking as Toshinori does, he
doesn’t show it. The boy nods, as if he expected nothing more, opens the door, and then he’s
gone. He leaves his lunch behind, half-eaten.

Bright and early on Wednesday morning — which is kind of an overcast morning, actually —
a carefully planned campaign is set into motion. Some people might call the whole business a
harassment campaign, and those people would be entirely right! Any people who would
argue that a harassment campaign is a bad thing, or that it’s unethical to launch such a
campaign against a child would be mostly right, but entirely wrong in this specific situation!
In general, doing something for someone’s own good isn’t actually a good thing to do at all,
but sometimes — very occasionally — when someone you love is being very stupid and/or
stubborn and conventional methods aren’t getting through to them, you simply have to
badger them. See Shouta, for instance. He doesn’t do anything he doesn’t want to do without
being told three to five times at increasing volumes. Without a bit of harassment, the man
would only eat foods that don’t need to be chewed and he would never fucking shave.
Hizashi expects that it’s going to be a bit harder to get Izuku to cooperate, but that’s okay.
Hizashi’s never met a war of attrition that he can’t win. He told Izuku about his plans this
morning, but fully expecting him to conveniently forget by the afternoon, Hizashi also
slipped a note into his lunch and has sent him four text reminders between classes. Now, with
the day drawing to a close, it’s time to rally one last time. Izuku will either fight tooth and
nail to make his final break for freedom, of Hizashi will manage to wrangle him into
submission with a loving lasso of whether you like it or not. Things could still tip in either
direction, but luckily, Hizashi has one last ace up his sleeve.
“Hey, Shinsou!” he calls after dismissing the class for the day, just a bit early, to be on the
safe side. “Could I get your help with something?” Shinsou doesn’t pick his head up from his
desk. Hizashi would almost suspect that he’s sleeping, but everyone knows that that’s not a
thing Shinsou does. Poor kid. “Shinsou, hey. Hey, Shinsou—”

“Get Kawamoto to do it,” Shinsou groans, proving that he, too, is susceptible to harassment.
“I require your particular skill set!”
Shinsou picks his head up only enough to squint at Hizashi through one eye. “What skills?”
he asks. “Being tall and sarcastic?”
“If that’s how you make Izuku forget that he’s supposed to be brooding, then yes!”
Shinsou sits up, then slides down in his seat to reverse his slouch. He rolls his head back and
stretches his arms across his desk. He does a very good job of pretending not to care when he
asks, “What’s Midoriya got to do with anything?”
“I need you to grab him and bring him here before he scurries away into the vents or
something.”
“So you’re recruiting me to do your dirty work?”
Hizashi snaps his fingers, grinning widely. “Yes!” Shinsou narrows his eyes suspiciously, as
if Hizashi is being anything less than shamelessly honest. Honesty is the best policy, after all
— especially when dealing with teenagers who are smart enough to see through bullshit.
“What do you want with him?” Shinsou asks. “What’s in it for me?”
Hizashi leans back in his chair and kicks his legs up onto his desk, considering Shinsou as he
thinks. Two very different questions, and Hizashi strongly suspects that one of them was only
asked to cover for the other. Not that he’ll point that out. Shinsou can’t help if he keels over
in embarrassment.
“He’s been struggling since Hosu,” Hizashi decides to say, sure Shinsou has already noticed.
Hizashi is pretty sure that basically everyone has noticed. “I’ve got plans to exorcise some of
those emotional demons.”
“Ambitious,” Shinsou says, eyebrows raised in what almost looks like admiration. He checks
his phone, makes a show of thinking about it, and then shrugs. “I guess I’ve got nothing
better to do.”
“Yeah!” Hizashi cheers, compensating for Shinsou’s own lack of enthusiasm. His chair
clatters loudly back onto its feet as he rights himself. “Nedzu’s running interference, but he’s
has a Cool Kids meeting to get to, so go, go, go!”
Shinsou sighs again, as if he deeply regrets what he’s agreed to do, but turns and strolls
leisurely from the classroom. He clearly hasn’t grasped the urgency of the situation, but
Hizashi supposes that’s the trade off that comes with emotionally extorting a student for free
labor. Waiting impatiently through the longest ten minutes of his life, Hizashi waves at the
occasional student as they leave. A few loiter very conspicuously, one providing a very
entertaining distraction as they try to act natural while rearranging the books in their bag for
the fourth time.

Hizashi bolts up when the door opens, then quickly sits back down and lounges in his chair in
a completely natural manner. Shinsou and Izuku stand on either side of the threshold, Shinsou
in and Izuku out, connected arms bridging the gap.
“Why are we here?” Izuku asks blandly. Hizashi waves cheerily from his desk. Izuku, cruel
child that he is, doesn’t even acknowledge him.
“I have to grab my stuff,” Shinsou says. He pointedly drops Izuku’s wrist, leaving Izuku to
watch from just outside the classroom as Shinsou walks to his desk and scoops his bag from
the ground, holding it up as if for inspection before slipping the strap over his shoulder. He
rummages through one of the front pockets and pulls out a pair of earbuds, shaking them
wildly until the cords fell free of their knots.
“You’ve betrayed me,” Izuku says without a single note of surprise. Shinsou pats Izuku
briskly on the shoulder, then pulls him forward and nudges him to the side so he’s no longer
blocking the doorway.
“You knew I was going to do that when you followed me here.”
Izuku sighs, a smile nearly betraying him before he wrangles his expression back to
impassive blandness. “Yeah.”
“Pleasure doing business with you, Shinsou,” Hizashi says. “Your services are no longer
needed.” Shinsou shoves his hands into his pockets and rolls his eyes, but seems content to
take the dismissal for what it is.
Until Izuku grabs him by the sleeve, that is. Shinsou’s momentum halts so quickly and
completely that he’s lucky not to give himself whiplash. Hizashi stifles a laugh into his fist
and pretends to be coughing when Izuku shoots him a nasty look. Having once been a
teenaged boy himself, Hizashi is allowed to mock them for being such silly, stupid fools.
“You can’t just leave me here,” Izuku says to Shinsou, an accusation loaded into his glare.
“Sorry,” Shinsou replies unapologetically. “I have a date with a bunch of cats.”
Hizashi watches the exchange like a tennis match, chin propped up in his hand. If Nemuri
were here, she’d definitely interject with a joke about pussy, but because Hizashi is a grown
adult with self-control, he refrains. It’s hard, but he refrains.
“We have cats at home,” Izuku attempts to bargain.
Typically, Shinsou’s smile is about as friendly as the curved edge of a knife, but he actually
manages to look happy as he shakes his head and pulls his arm from Izuku’s grip. “I’ll see
you tomorrow, Midoriya,” he says.
“I— I’m going to kick your ass!” Izuku calls at Shinsou’s retreating back, as if the threat
might make the other boy reconsider leaving.
Shinsou raises a hand in acknowledgment but doesn’t turn as he responds, “Take it easy!”
Izuku’s mouth drops open as if Shinsou has just said something deeply offensive, and based

on the faint snicker that follows Shinsou down the hallway, he did it on purpose.
“You can try to run,” Hizashi says, noticing the way Izuku eyes the hallway even after
Shinsou is out of sight, “but remember: I know where you live.”
“You live where I live.”
“Exactly! You can only hide in the vents for so long before Lucy starts to miss you, and the
burden of that guilt forces you to return!”
“The vents?” Izuku echoes dubiously. Then, thoughtfully, “Do you think that would actually
work?”
“Come on!” Hizashi insists, herding Izuku out of the classroom and down the hall with all the
dedication of a sheepdog, before Izuku can start seriously contemplating the viability of the
vents as an escape route. Planting that idea in his head may live to be one of Hizashi’s biggest
regrets. “We have places to be!”
Resigned to his fate, Izuku’s shoulders slump. He pushes his hair out of his face and adjusts
the clip holding his fringe at the top of his head, giving Hizashi an unimpeded view of his
sullen glower. Hizashi bites his cheek to keep himself from laughing. He fakes another
cough. Izuku seems just as impressed with this one as he was with the first.
Izuku follows Hizashi without a word, stubbornly refusing to engage with any of Hizashi’s
charming attempts at conversation. The silence also means that Izuku isn’t protesting, though,
which Hizashi counts as an absolute win. The unwilling way Izuku drags his feet isn’t
important, just ignore that.
“What are we doing here?” Izuku asks when Hizashi spreads his ams in a grand indication
that they’ve arrived at their destination. Izuku’s nose scrunches up as his eyes dart around the
empty gymnasium.
“Blowing off some steam!”
Izuku looks, briefly, at his wrists. He has taken to covering the scarred hand print that
everyone assumes came from Shigaraki at some point, but his wrists are otherwise bare. The
cuffs were never replaced after Hosu, at first because the injuries to his arm made it
impossible. They could have gone on when the cast came off, but it was concluded in the
hospital that suppressing Izuku’s quirk while he was still so severely quirk exhausted could
badly impede his recovery process. On the say-so of several medical professionals, the cuffs
would stay off for at least a week, and wouldn’t go back on without Shuzenji’s approval.
Everyone was incredibly eager to go along with this, considering that none of them wanted to
cuff Izuku, anyway.
“I’m supposed to be taking it easy this week,” Izuku grumps, crossing his arms and hugging
himself about the ribs. “You know that. Aizawa hasn’t shut up about it.”
“Don’t be mean,” Hizashi says, more of a reminder than a chastisement. Shouta may not be
here to hear it, but Izuku’s sudden resentment gets to him more than he lets on. It gets to all

three of them, actually. Izuku presses his lips together and scowls at the ground, rubbing his
hands briskly up and down his sides.
“Sorry.”
“I know,” Hizashi says, bumping his shoulder against Izuku’s with a reassuring smile. The
last couple of days have given Hizashi plenty of time to realize that Izuku’s fits of temper can
be diffused almost immediately by telling him that he’s being unkind. “We’re not here for
training, anyway.”
“But you said we were blowing off steam.”
Hizashi clicks his tongue and shakes his head. “Oh, toxic masculinity,” he says with
exaggerated sorrow. “Violence isn’t the only way to vent, you know!”
“I know that,” Izuku replies, frowning at the implication that he doesn’t. Then he frowns at
the gym as a whole, likely trying to figure out what he has just claimed to already know.
Hizashi lets Izuku stew in that confusion, forcing him to ask, “How?”
“Easy! You’re going to scream!”
In exact opposition to Hizashi’s plans, Izuku remains completely silent. “…Scream?” he
finally asks, his tone making it very obvious just what he thinks of that idea.
Hizashi nods solemnly. “Sometimes you just have to let it out.”
And Izuku really, really has to let it out. He’s been trying to, Hizashi knows. That’s what all
of his outbursts have been — an anger that he can’t escape, trying to find a place to go. In
any other situation, with any other kid, Hizashi would ride it out a little longer — these things
take time, and rushing them is never productive — but he’s starting to worry that, if Izuku
doesn’t find a way to properly release these feelings soon, he’ll choose to stop feeling,
altogether.
“I would offer to let you use my quirk, but Shouta would have my head if he found out that I
wasn’t enforcing the no quirk use rule.” Hizashi sighs and shrugs as if there’s nothing to be
done. He conveniently forgets that Shouta’s not the boss of him and that he could simply defy
the rules if he disagreed with them, on account of the fact that he doesn’t disagree in the
slightest.
“You— what?” Izuku stutters. “Why would you do that?”
“There’s nothing as cathartic as screaming so loud you shatter concrete!” Hizashi replies,
dodging the point like a pro.
“But that’s— that’s your— why would you let me do that?”
“Why wouldn’t I?” Hizashi asks.
“Because I— Because I’m—”

“My sweet little green bean who I love and trust very much?” Hizashi fills in.
Izuku’s face, reddening with frustration at Hizashi’s intentional obtuseness, flushes violently
and he begins to splutter, teetering between irritated and embarrassed. Even as puffed up with
helpless anger as he has been since Hosu, Izuku still flusters so easily that Hizashi can’t help
but laugh. He ruffles Izuku’s hair until Izuku dances a few steps backwards, out of reach. His
glare is distinctly irritated, but his flush has settled firmly on embarrassed. He reminds
Hizashi so much of Shouta at that age — kind of pathetic, but in the most adorable, affronted
way, like a kitten that’s been dumped in the bath.
“You look like you want to scream,” Hizashi says. “It’s okay, I have the effect on people.”
Izuku doesn’t respond to the playful teasing. He stares at the mats laid out over the floor of
the gym with his fists clenched at his sides. Hizashi can practically see his emotions getting
the better of him again. Over internships, he made impressive progress with using the quirks
he has at his disposal, but he is as staunchly against using his quirk as he ever was. Hizashi
reaches for Izuku’s shoulder, and Izuku tolerates the touch the way a stone would.
“You know, Shouta has hearing loss in his right ear?” Hizashi asks rhetorically. For all he can
tell, Izuku listens like a stone, too. “Don’t tell him I told you that; he’s sensitive about it.
Anyway, it’s a minor thing, but it’s totally 100% my fault. He’s not even the first person I’ve
deafened!” Hizashi laughs. Izuku isn’t amused, but that probably goes without saying.
“That’s different,” Izuku says, stiffly, like he’s trying to brace what he knows is a feeble
argument.
“It is,” Hizashi agrees, to Izuku’s wary surprise. “It’s worse.”
“You didn’t mean to do any of that stuff,” Izuku argues, surprise quickly replaced by the
stubborn set of his jaw.
As far as Hizashi is concerned, Izuku also didn’t mean to do any of the wrongs he holds
himself accountable for, but they’ve gone over Izuku’s culpability in the events that happened
in All for One’s warehouse so many times that Hizashi can have that debate in his sleep. It’s
one he can’t manage to win, even in his dreams.
“That’s why it’s worse,” Hizashi says, beginning the maiden voyage of a shiny new defense.
Izuku frowns at Hizashi as if he’s deliberately missing the point. As if that’s something he’d
ever do! Not so many times in such close succession, anyway. “Do you want to hurt people?”
“No,” Izuku answers without hesitation. “Of course not.”
“I know,” Hizashi nods. “Now ask me.”
“…Do you want to hurt people?”
“Of course not!” Hizashi replies, so immediately that their words overlap. Then he continues,
“But I’m going to.” Izuku stares at him with wide eyes. Hizashi sighs and shakes his head. “I
never meant to hurt anyone in the first place, which means I can’t stop myself from doing it

again. We can’t change our quirks. All we can do is control them, and sometimes I can’t.
That’s when accidents happen. When we’re not in control, people get hurt. When we are in
control, people only get hurt if we want them to. So tell me again,” Hizashi says with a small
smile, “do you want to hurt people, Izuku?”
“…No,” Izuku whispers.
“Alright then,” Hizashi declares, brushing his hands clean of that dirty business. “Just
because your quirk has been used wrong doesn’t mean it’s wrong to use it, you know. You’re
in control now, Izuku. I don’t understand why you keep demanding more than that from
yourself. You’re already doing better than me!”
“I’m in control,” Izuku repeats, splaying his fingers out in front of him.
“No one else.”
“No one else.”
Izuku balls his hands up, digging his nails so tightly into his palms that fine tremors run up
his arms until he steadies them against his sternum. He hitches his shoulders in, chest rising
and falling beneath his knuckles as his breathing speeds up. He looks like he’s trying for all
he’s worth to hold something in, and when he lets it go, he drops it like a physical thing, arms
falling back to his sides like unfastened restraints.
When Hizashi told Izuku to scream, he was honestly expecting Izuku to yell. That’s what
most people would do, they would shout or yell — make loud, wordless noises that get called
screaming by virtue of volume alone. Most people can’t scream on command, even if the try.
Real screams are torn out of people. Real screams are pain-fear-anger on such a visceral level
that it can’t be expressed with words, but anything with ears can understand it.
When Izuku screams, he really screams, too loud and long for the air he has in his lungs. He
finishes on a gasp and sways to the side, legs weak from the force of it. Hizashi catches him
by the elbow. It’s not enough to keep Izuku on his feet, but it helps control his decent. He
lands on knees that gave out beneath him, and when Hizashi drops his arm, Izuku falls
forward onto his hands and screams again. And then again. And again. Hizashi can’t tell if
the crackling he’s hearing is in his hearing aids or Izuku’s voice.
After a long, long time of screaming at the ground, of gasping in hoarse, scratchy breaths just
to have enough air to do it all again, Izuku finally stops. A sob hitches painfully in his throat.
He folds one arm over his face and punches his other hand against the stone he kneels on.
Hizashi lets him do that a couple of times before he kneels himself and gently wraps his hand
around Izuku’s fist before he can split his knuckles open.
In all, it is both the best and worst breakdown Hizashi has ever seen Izuku have. He screams,
and then he cries. He sobs so hard he coughs, and then he coughs so hard he gags. It’s painful
to watch, and it’s even worse to listen to, but at the end of it, Izuku’s eyes — though red,
swollen, and exhausted — are clear in a way they haven’t been since he opened them in that
hospital room.

Through all of it, Izuku never once loses control.
Hizashi never thought he would. Izuku’s loss of control had never been a one-man job.

Shouta buries his scowl in his capture weapon. Tsukauchi taps his fingers against the wheel
of the car. Yagi wrings his hands nervously. He visibly debates offering Nedzu a helping hand
into the vehicle, but Nedzu hops onto the seat easily enough on his own.
“You’re late,” Shouta says flatly.
“I had to see Izuku off,” Nedzu explains as he buckles himself into the booster seat that has
been generously provided for him. “Thank you for driving us, Tsukauchi.” Tsukauchi nods
stiffly, irritated at the sudden crunch to their schedule, though he’s too polite to voice his
grievances. The atmosphere in the car is tense and strained, due in part to their destination
and in part to the fact that Yagi is existing within ten feet of Shouta.
“That’s right,” Nedzu says, as if remembering something. “You had a meeting this afternoon,
didn’t you, Yagi. How did that go?” Yagi pales comically, glancing over to Shouta with the
guilty speed of a child caught red-handed.
“It was… informative,” Yagi says carefully. He makes a small gesture that Nedzu tragically
can’t be expected to understand. Human body language; alas, what an elusive mystery.
Nedzu nods sagely. “Conversations with Izuku often are. One could even call them
enlightening.”
Shouta, who had been entirely uninterested in the conversation, begins exuding a malicious
aura that makes Yagi blanch. Considering that he’s supposedly the greatest hero Japan has
ever known, Yagi is fascinatingly predisposed to flee from any problems that he can’t solve
with his fists. Trapped as he is in the car, Yagi defaults instead to freezing in place, as if
Shouta is a predator that hunts via the motion of its prey. Interpersonally, the Symbol of
Peace can only be described as a coward.
“Aizawa,” Tsukauchi sighs from the driver’s seat, “please don’t commit a homicide in my
car.”
Shouta scoffs and leans heavily against the car door. “As if I would be stupid enough to kill
someone in a detective’s government-issued vehicle.”
“That’s all I ask.”
“I didn’t say anything bad,” Yagi says in a futile attempt to defend himself. Shouta’s
responding glare is absolutely scathing. “It was a— a perfectly… civil conversation!”

“It’s true,” Nedzu confirms, taking pity on Yagi. The man can only get so pale before he dies
of a complete lack of blood flow to his brain. “He was on his best behavior.”
If Yagi had thought to question how Nedzu knew that, he might have also thought to question
why Nedzu had asked about a meeting he already had knowledge of, but Yagi is so relieved
to have been rescued that he doesn’t think to question anything at all. Shouta, who always has
been among the sharper tools at UA, shoots Nedzu an underwhelmed look. Nedzu smiles.
“That’s not reassuring,” Shouta mutters. Nedzu smiles wider. Yagi sits uncomfortably
between them, a gaunt statue frozen stiff in the middle of their staring contest. Finally, Shouta
yields, turning his head to gaze blankly at the clouds that have been gathering in the sky all
day. Without eyes on him, Nedzu puts away his smile. Curving his mouth means nothing to
him, and bearing his teeth means nothing good. Smiling is a delightfully easy mannerism to
mimic, and an even easier one to weaponize, but it does nothing for Nedzu, personally.
Today’s committee meeting is occurring at Endeavor’s agency, at the man’s insistence that
he’s too busy to meet them elsewhere. Shouta either naps against the window or pretends to
— not even Nedzu can tell, since Shouta is just as likely to fall asleep at improbable times as
he is to avoid interacting with others by feigning sleep. Yagi resolutely refuses to say another
word on his conversation with Izuku, but he makes polite small talk with Tsukauchi, who
doesn’t break a single traffic regulation, despite being in a rush. It’s a pleasant drive, overall,
though that’s likely true for Nedzu and Nedzu alone.
The speed with which Shouta wakes when they reach their destination implies that he hadn’t
been sleeping at all, but one never can say for sure with Shouta. While Tsukauchi collects the
materials that he has laboriously prepared — all of which are guaranteed to go unappreciated
by the people he has prepared them for — Shouta opens Nedzu’s door and starts heading
towards the building. Yagi scrambles awkwardly from the middle seat, bumping his knees
and elbows against every possible obstacle on his way out of the car. When Nedzu launches
himself from his seat to Shouta’s shoulder, Shouta jolts forward an inch but doesn’t break his
stride.
“I always forget how well you can jump,” Shouta says, squinting as he pushes Nedzu’s paws
away from his hair. He offers a loop of his capture weapon for Nedzu to anchor himself with.
Nedzu accepts this compromise. Behind them, Yagi closes Nedzu’s door and apologizes
loudly to Tsukauchi. “Are you a rabbit?”
“Maybe!” Nedzu chirps. He ignores Shouta’s bad humor, makes himself comfortable, and
enjoys the ride up to the conference room on the third floor of the agency.
Though they’re not technically late, the four of them are the last to arrive. Generally, Nedzu
likes to be the first on any location, but as a dozen pairs of eyes turn to them, he comes to
appreciate the appeal of arriving fashionably late. He waves to Kurose, glad to see that the
injuries she received at the USJ look much improved since last they met, three weeks ago.
Shouta and Yagi take their seats as Tsukauchi rushes over to the other two officers on the
committee, handing them each a stack of papers to be distributed. Nedzu hops from Shouta’s
shoulder to the polished surface of the conference table, standing in front of the empty chair

between Shouta and Yagi. That the two have declined to take seats directly next to each is
laughably adolescent.
“Well then,” Tsukauchi sighs when the papers have been passed out, “shall we begin?”
“I’ll start,” Torino says, without bothering to make a polite show of flipping through the
packet in front of him. He smacks his cane against the table to demand everyone’s attention.
Yagi flinches. “This meeting is a joke. Emergency meeting,” he scoffs. “What emergency?
What’s so urgent that it couldn’t wait until our check-in next week?”
“Torino,” Tsukauchi says, pinching the bridge of his nose. “Please.”
Torino is unmoved by the very non-specific plea. He stands up in his chair, giving him the
height he needs to comfortably lean a short distance over the table. Yagi flinches once more
when Torino stretches his cane out and taps the rubber-tipped foot of it against the table in
front of Nedzu’s sneakers.
“The kid gets good grades?” Torino asks gruffly.
“Excellent!” Nedzu confirms with a nod and a grin.
“He gets along okay with his classmates?”
“Not only that, but the entire class’ performance has improved since Izuku joined them!”
“Nobody’s dead?”
Nedzu gives this a moment of thought. “A few nomu.”
“Good riddance!” Torino declares, punctuating his words with one final bang of his cane —
and one final flinch from Yagi — before plopping himself back down in his seat. Even with
his chair cranked up to its maximum height, his chin only just crests the tabletop when he’s
seated. Privately, Nedzu thinks Torino would be in a much better mood if he just stood on top
of the table. Doing so solves any height-related inconveniences, and doubles as an excellent
way to assert one’s dominance.
“Thank you, Torino, for your input,” Tsukauchi says, with admirable diplomacy. He might
have passed for sincere, if not for the look of drawn exasperation on his face. He could really
stand to smile more. “In light of the attack on Hosu, the HPSC has motioned to reassess
Midoriya’s circumstances, on the grounds that the extreme and unexpected nature of these
developments changes the appropriate course of action for his situation.”
“Yes,” says one of the Commission representatives, Mizuno — or, as Shouta calls her, that
bitch with the eyebrows. “We feel that the spectacle Midoriya made of himself in Hosu, and
his actions that night, cross the boundaries of what we initially agreed on.”
“Spectacle?” repeats Ohashi. He, like Torino, had retired from heroics long enough ago that
few people remember his name, though he had the misfortune of being benched by injury,
rather than aging out of the profession. Hardly past middle aged, Ohashi has made a rather
successful second career in politics and policy-making.

Morita, the second of three HPSC representatives, nods. “Public attention always makes it
more difficult to handle a delicate situation.”
“I’m sorry,” Kurose says, raising her hand up to her shoulder in a bid to say her part. In that
moment, she becomes Tsukauchi’s favorite person in the room. She continues only when he
tips his head her way. “As Rogue, Midoriya may have received an unanticipated amount of
attention, but we agreed to allow him to participate in the sports festival as part of an
agreement that would ensure he appeared on national television. It’s an unexpected
development, I agree, but we already set the precedent for it. If anything, Midoriya made less
of a spectacle in Hosu, since Midoriya isn’t associated with the attack. Both his name and
face have remained anonymous, as opposed to the sports festival, where no measures were
taken to obscure his identity.”
“The most sensitive information about this case is Midoriya’s quirk, and it was agreed at the
beginning that it should stay confidential. His abilities were fully on display during the Hosu
attack. Now we’re only a few internet sleuths and viral conspiracy theories away from mass
public panic.”
“What?” Torino asks sarcastically. “You think someone’s going to figure out that the brat can
do the impossible? And you think everyone else is going to believe it?”
“And do you think that everyone is going to be satisfied with the explanation that he has a
copy quirk? Despite the fact that no one will be able to identify the original quirk that he is
supposedly copying from?” Mizuno meets Torino’s scorn with an equally spite-filled smile.
She’d be a woman after Nedzu’s own heart, if not for the fact that he despises her and
everything she stands for.
“Most people will be satisfied with that, yes!” he says, before Torino can add something that
would no doubt be unproductive, if entertaining. “Most people have a poor enough
understanding of quirk theory that they simply accept whatever they are told. Those that
know what questions to ask will find a much simpler answer.”
“And what’s that?”
“That Izuku copies quirks from the dead, obviously!” Mizuno’s smile flinches with
instinctive revulsion. The distaste that tugs the corners of her mouth insistently downwards
makes Nedzu’s own smile widen the slightest bit. She’s not the only uncomfortable one at the
table. In fact, barring Shouta and Torino, the entirety of the committee falls on a spectrum
that ranges from disgusted to disturbed. Nedzu nods serenely. “With a name like Memorial,
it’s an easy connection to make. The theory is already gaining traction online! They find
Rogue creepy, which is a perfectly acceptable alternative to finding him scary.”
“Maybe they could stand to be a little afraid,” Todoroki says darkly — Todoroki Enji, of
course. Todoroki Shouto has nothing but praise for Izuku, maintaining the standing pattern
of father and son agreeing on absolutely nothing.
“The boy shows a concerning disposition towards violence,” Morita claims, flipping through
his packet until he comes to the pages that document Akaguro Chizome’s injuries. A few
people follow suit. Several others don’t bother. Nedzu is among the latter. “He permanently

disabled and disfigured the Hero Killer. It’s sheer luck that the man didn’t drown in his own
blood, or bleed out altogether.”
“What’s a little dismemberment in the midst of a catastrophe?” Nedzu asks lightly. “I myself
have been responsible for multiple amputations, I’m sure.”
“This wasn’t an accident or collateral damage,” Mizuno says when Morita proves too
unnerved to reply. She taps the image of the stab wound above Akaguro’s collar bone. It’s a
deep jagged wound that Nedzu has heard left a nasty scar — easily worse than the one
Akaguro gave Iida, and not nearly as bad as the one he gave Izuku. Sama, a young hero who
took several shifts guarding Izuku between his surrender and the start of his rehabilitation,
shakes her head with a concerned frown. The medical reports seem to make her
uncomfortable, but she looks them over diligently. “You say this was defensive. Fine. But
this?” Mizuno taps again at the photo of Akaguro’s open mouth, at the clean stub of flesh
behind the man’s teeth. “An injury of this nature couldn’t be inflicted accidentally, and if it
was done reflexively — well, that would have worrying implications in and of itself.”
“It’s not as if this is mindless violence,” Sama says, when a gap in Mizuno’s argument
presents itself. “According to these reports, Stain’s ability to activate his quirk has been
impaired by more than 80%, which is the exactly what Midoriya says he intended. That’s
strategic violence, and you can’t condemn that without condemning nearly half of this
committee.” Rarely engaging in combat herself, Sama glances quickly between several of the
heroes seated around her before dropping her eyes back to the table.
“All I’m hearing is that the Hero Killer lived,” Torino says, slapping a hand loudly against
the table. “The brat didn’t kill anybody!”
Except for the nomu, of course. The nomu is very, very dead. It had taken Izuku
approximately five seconds to not only kill it, but eradicate it. Atomize really is a very
interesting quirk. Nedzu had gotten the opportunity to speak with Izuku about it in a little
more detail since the incident, and it is easily the most powerful quirk in his arsenal, at least
by way of sheer destructive capability.
Atomize can reduce an object into fine particles. Through physical contract, large amounts of
energy are disseminated from the user to the target, destroying it at a molecular level. It takes
time to generate the energy required, resulting in a delay between initial contact and final
activation, the exact length of which depends on the mass of the target — and if this process
is interrupted, the backlash on the user can be devastating. On paper, this makes Atomize a
high stakes gamble, but in reality, the most dangerous applications of the quirk can be
achieved so quickly that the risk of the user being interrupted is minimal. Humans are not so
massive, as far as Atomize is concerned.
During the course of their fight, Izuku could have quite literally destroyed Akaguro at least
half a dozen times. Even when he found himself at the end of his rope, Izuku chose to maim
rather than murder. Nedzu refrains from saying any of this aloud, as humans never seem
appropriately comforted by the if he wanted to kill them, they’d be dead argument.
“Midoriya certainly came out of the fight worse off,” says Matsuyama, the last of the HPSC
representatives, and the only one Nedzu doesn’t despise.

“That’s beside the point,” Mizuno says, sending Matsuyama an unpleasant smile that he only
shakes his head at. “We’re talking about Stain’s injuries, not Midoriya’s.”
“You can’t talk about one without talking about the other,” Shouta interjects dryly. “The
amount of force a hero can justifiably use has always been evaluated in direct proportion to
the amount of danger that they’re in.”
“We’re not talking about a hero.”
“Aren’t we? He had the permission of a licensed pro to act to the fullest extent of his abilities.
He had all the same rights and responsibilities in that moment as any other hero in the field,
and he’s hardly the first person to act as such in the middle of a disaster. For that matter, he’s
not even the first villain to be deputized in the field, if you insist on thinking of him as one.”
“Right,” Mizuno says. “He had your permission. Aizawa Shouta, isn’t it?” Shouta doesn’t
justify that with a response and Mizuno doesn’t wait for one. “It seems like a conflict of
interest, that the pro hero who supposedly gave him permission to act is also his guardian and
teacher.”
“Supposedly?” Aizawa asks. There’s a dangerous edge to his voice that the majority of the
room doesn’t notice. Tsukauchi sighs hard enough that the officer beside him feels compelled
to pat his shoulder. “I don’t like what you’re implying.”
“You’ve already proven that you’re willing to lie for him.”
“That’s a baseless accusation,” Yagi says. “Aizawa is a professional.”
Mizuno counters, “He’s biased.” Under the ensuing stern frown of the number one hero,
Mizuno actually seems somewhat chastened. Shouta looks like he could launch the both of
them into the sun and not lose a day of sleep over it. Nedzu respects that about him.
“Every member of this committee is here to represent the interests of a specific group or
groups,” Tsukauchi says, raising a hand in Torino’s direction as if to physically block
whatever the small man was visibly gearing up to unleash. Torino deflates with a huff.
“Aizawa is well within his rights to advocate for Midoriya. Personal relationships are not
subject to discussion, here.
“To clarify, Midoriya has broken no laws. His intervention in Hosu was above board, and
investigations have concluded that the force used against Stain was within acceptable ranges,
as he was protecting not only his own life, but several others. Stain has also denied to press
charges. We are here to evaluate what impact, if any, the Hosu incident should have on
Midoriya’s immediate future, not his legal status.”
“Can we just get to the vote already?” Torino asks.
“We haven’t even discussed the League,” Mizuno protests.
“Stain wasn’t with the League,” Ohashi says.
“But Midoriya was.”

“Six weeks ago, sure, but we’ve already discussed that.”
“He was with the League in Hosu,” Todoroki claims, leaning back in his seat and crossing his
arms over his chest, as if the fire wreathing his face isn’t intimidating enough. “After he
killed the nomu that took him, the fall should have killed him. He only survived due to
Kurogiri’s intervention. The boy was also spotted with Shigaraki.”
“Sure,” Shouta agrees dryly. “If by the boy you mean a clone, and by with Shigaraki you
mean that we caught Shigaraki turning that clone to ash on camera, then sure.”
“Motion to call a vote,” Tsukauchi says before Mizuno can do more than raise her eyebrows
in advance of her response. The motion passes 10 to 5, to the visible relief of much of the
committee. It’s slightly disappointing to see the fun come to the end, but Nedzu knew he was
going to be on the loosing side of that particular vote. Oh well. He’ll be on the winning side
of the one that matters.
“Moving to the vote, then,” Tsukauchi sighs. “Those in favor of renegotiating the terms of
Midoriya’s conditional freedom and rehabilitation? Those against?” The vote for
reassessment, predictably, fails 3 to 12. “Alright then. Barring any more unforeseen
developments, we’ll be meeting against at the end of the month. Thank you all for your
time.” Tsukauchi is too polite to say the he wants them all to get out of his sight, but Nedzu
hears it clearly. Unfortunately, Tsukauchi is out of luck, because he’s also too polite to force
Nedzu, Shouta, and Yagi to catch a bus back to campus. He’s stuck with them for a little
longer yet.
“What a shit show,” Shouta says, staring disparagingly after Mizuno and her compatriots.
“You’re so dramatic, Shouta,” Nedzu replies.
“What do you call this, then?”
Nedzu thinks for a moment. “A rousing success!” he decides.
Truly, Nedzu couldn’t have asked for better. Barring Mizuno, Morita, and Todoroki, the
committee is firmly on Izuku’s side. Not only that, but nearly all of the members regard the
committee as a waste of time — not because they don’t care about Izuku’s fate, necessarily,
but because they feel that his fate has already been decided. They are all satisfied to leave
Izuku in UA’s hands, no matter if he’s maiming serial killers or exploding man-made
monsters. It’s a perfect mix of good will and apathy.
The committee is settling into complacency just as Izuku is shaking himself out of it. Six
weeks after destroying his own life, Izuku is finally coming to the realization that life has
gone on. Nedzu has been looking forward to this — to the moment Izuku stops picking up the
pieces and starts putting them back together. Nedzu likes to think that he’s prepared his
young student well, giving him all manner of new skills to help him take whatever course of
action he choses.
Where will he begin? What will the world look like when he’s done?

Nedzu can’t wait to see.

Chapter End Notes

I am above begging for comments, but I’m not above hinting very, very strongly.
—————
IT HAS BEEN 7 0 CHAPTERS SINCE IZUKU LAST CRIED
Izuku: All Might, have you thought about—
Aizawa: I’ll stop you right there. The answer is no. He doesn’t think.
Mic: I need your help.
Hitoshi: No.
Mic: I need you to go get Izuku for me.
Hitoshi: Fine, but not because you asked me to. Also not because I want to. I’m doing it
for no reason, really. Why are you laughing? Shut up.
Thirteen: *raises hand*
Tsukauchi: I love you.
Thirteen: …What?
Tsukauchi: How do you feel about an autumn wedding?
Aizawa: What are you doing?
Nedzu: Plotting.
Aizawa: Why do I even ask.
(meanwhile, in some internet forum)
@whatdoyoumeanmynameistaken: How can you guys simp over some dude who’s
stealing quirks from dead people?
@no1HosuHeroFan: It’s not like they were using them!!!
@misunderstoodmushroom: Recycling ╮(︶▽︶)╭
—————
Next Chapter: One for All — Part VI
Will probably be a while again. Thank you always for your patience and support. Happy
belated 3 year birthday/anniversary!

Chapter 48: One for All - Part VI
Chapter Notes

Alright, I’m pretty fond of this chapter, but I have a confession to make: I jumPED THE
GUN, OKAY??? I’M SORRY. If you’ve been keeping up, the end of this chapter might
be familiar.
And if you’re new here, or returning for the first time in a long while, just ignore all
that. It’s not like the end of this chapter was posted as the end of chapter 47 for, like, 4
months. It’s not like I was really eager to get to that bit, but then I rearranged some
things in this chapter and realized it would fit infinitely better, here. I definitely didn’t do
that. I’d never. Please, I’m a professional.
((If everyone pretends to be super surprised in the comments, then there will be no
proof. Except for all the comments on last chapter that no longer make sense. Just don't
read those. Problem solved))
On another note, there’s one specific detail in the second scene that, if someone points it
out, I will— well, I have no reward to offer. I will probably just cry and go a little bit
insane. Which, funnily enough, is probably exactly what will happen if nobody even
notices it.
—————
CW for a panic attack that lasts literally 2 paragraphs.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Summer days stretch like melting sugar, a candied shell around a bubble of idyll. The grass
cradles his limbs like salt-thick water. In the gilded glow of an unseen sun, his brother’s hair
shines blindly white, the lone cloud in a sky made of polished gemstone.
“I’m tired,” Tomura says. The air around him is hazy with reflected light, obscuring his face
and stinging Izuku’s eyes, but Izuku knows that it’s Tomura with him, because they are
brothers, and Tomura is the only brother Izuku has.
“You’re always tired,” Izuku complains. “All you do is nap.”
“I’m tired,” Tomura repeats with a helpless shrug. “Besides, this is a nice place to rest. Don’t
you think?”
The afternoon air forms a thick, warm blanket. It’s quiet. There’s no fighting. No fear. It
would be safe to sleep, here. A person could wake up rested, without having to worry about
whether they would wake up at all. It’s nice; it’s tempting.
Izuku shakes his head and sits up from his bed of grass before the temptation becomes too
great. He’s too old for naps. He’s too busy for naps. He’s got important things to do, like

climbing trees and shooting cans with his slingshot.
“Let’s go on an adventure,” Izuku suggests.
“I don’t feel good,” Tomura says. Tomura can’t climb trees. He’s too sick. He can shoot the
slingshot, but he doesn’t like to, because he’s a baby who still takes naps. Izuku looks at his
brother and taps his chin as he thinks.
“That’s okay,” he decides. “I’ll take care of you.”
Izuku offers Tomura his hand. It hangs in the air between them for a moment, but he never
doubts that Tomura will take it, no matter how long he hesitates. Izuku laces their fingers
together when Tomura finally reaches out. He pulls his little brother up to his feet. Tomura is
so small that Izuku could probably scoop him onto his back and run around with him. He
looks down at the bright halo of Tomura’s hair, and for a confusing, crooked moment, Izuku
thinks that this isn’t the way it’s meant to be. Izuku is supposed to be the little one, isn’t he?
But no, this feels right. Izuku is Tomura’s big brother. He protects him. He takes care of him.
He knows what’s best for him.
“Hey,” Izuku says, squeezing Tomura’s hand. “Do you love me?”
Tomura wraps his free arm around himself, staring at the ground. He weighs the question.
Regretfully, he replies, “Yes.”
“Does it hurt?”
“More than anything.”
“Oh.” The world tilts again for a second, but Izuku isn’t surprised. This thing between them
— it’s supposed to hurt. He already knows that. “Is it worth it?”
Tomura pauses to think again. “I don’t know,” he admits. His voice is weak, and when he
finally looks up, his eyes are green, just like Izuku’s. Like brothers. Izuku frowns.
“I’ll catch you a frog,” he declares, turning to the pond and pulling Tomura along with him.
“You’ll love me, then.”
“I already said I love you,” Tomura says, pulling against Izuku’s grip. “Leave the frogs
alone.”
“I’m not bothering them!”
“You are.”
“They like it!”
“They don’t.”

Tomura tugs on his arm again, and his bare heels catch in the damp, churned soil around the
pond. Izuku gives Tomura what he’s wanted, lets him go. Izuku lets him fall. All the frogs
duck beneath the water. Ripples spread in their absence, like cracks through glass. The golden
afternoon rusts into evening. In the fractured reflection of the pond’s surface, his eyes are the
color of the sinking sun, the first signs of night finally starting to fall over an infinite day. The
world teeters on its slant. A bit of truth that had gotten knocked loose slots back into place.
That’s right. He’s Shigaraki Hisashi.
“Why couldn’t we just take a nap?” his brother asks, still sitting where he fell, on his knees in
the dirt. He stares at the blood covering his hands and he does not cry. It runs across the
ground and snakes through the pond in bright ribbons. Nothing lives in that water, anymore.
It’s too late for frogs.
“We have more important things to do,” Hisashi says. They are no longer children. They
grew up too fast.
“I don’t want to do those things.”
“Things are better when we do them together.”
“You can’t just take whatever you want.”
“Of course I can.”
“I won’t.”
“What will you do, then?”
“I’ll stop you.”
“You’ll fight me?”
“Until the end.”
Hisashi considers this. “That’s just another kind of together.”
“Yes,” his brother wearily agrees. Blood sits at the corners of his mouth. Hisashi raises a
hand to his throat. His fingers dip into the hot, tacky canyon that splits his flesh, there.
Oh. That’s right.
It’s too late for them.
The world convulses like an animal in its death throes. Izuku tears his hand from his neck and
blinks at the pale, clean skin of his palm. The brother — not his brother — brushes against
Izuku as he stands, and Izuku feels cold where their knees touched. The brother’s not childsmall anymore, and Izuku cranes his neck all the way back, looking up and up and up. He
still can’t see the other’s face, only white hair and green eyes and the saddest impression of a
smile.

“Where are you going?” Izuku asks as the brother steps away. The thought of him leaving
sends a bolt of panic through Izuku, but even when he reaches out, his hands can’t find
anything substantial to hold on to.
“Don’t you know?” the brother asks in return. Night swallows the red evening like the
shadow of a predator dropping down from above. “I’m already gone.”
“Wait,” Izuku calls. His voice makes no noise in the darkness. The brother pauses, all the
same.
“It’s too late for that,” he says kindly. Izuku shakes his head. Izuku shakes.
Don’t you have a name? he tries to ask, but his throat has been bricked shut.
The brother’s laugh is quiet and hoarse. He’s a faint, ghostly figure, and nothing more. In the
moments before he fades into nothing at all, he replies, “Doesn’t everyone?”
One last time, the world shudders.
Then, it ends.

Blood hardly shows up on black fabric, but Tomura hates the way it feels. It seeps in, hot and
sticky, then congeals and cools and clings, pinching at the fine hairs on his skin. It makes him
itch. With a growl grating at the back of his throat, Tomura pulls his shirt over his head and
drops it to the hallway floor for Kurogiri to pick up later. Blood beads where the scabs on his
shoulders have broken open.
“Shigaraki Tomura,” Kurogiri says as Tomura enters the bar, disapprovingly, as if Tomura is
to blame for his own condition. As if he is shedding skin like chipping paint by choice.
“Shut up,” Tomura orders, hoisting himself up to sit on top of the bar without meeting his
servant’s eyes. “Get it over with.”
With a sigh, Kurogiri holds out a hair tie. Tomura snatches it, gathering his hair roughly
enough that his scalp throbs with the uneven tension. While Tomura twists the elastic around
and around one too many times, Kurogiri retrieves his first-aid kit from beneath the counter.
He must have made a trip out of base recently, because their stock of bandages and
antiseptics has been replenished. He told Tomura nothing about such an excursion, but
Tomura doesn’t call out the unacceptable degree of willful initiative Kurogiri has been
showing, recently. Over the course of only a couple of days, they had depleted the medical
supplies in their inventory rapidly enough that even Tomura will admit to the necessity of a
restock.
“Face me,” Kurogiri says. Tomura doesn’t take orders from the likes of him, so it’s only
when Kurogiri adds, “Please,” that Tomura swings his legs over to the other side of the bar.

The mist of Kurogiri’s hands darkens and condenses momentarily before dispersing in wisps
that leave behind waxen, scarred skin. Tomura leans forward and tips his chin up, but keeps
watchful eyes on the faltering fingers that reach for his neck. Instinct screams for Tomura to
slap those hands away, but he presses his fists hard into his thighs and takes cold comfort in
the fact that this process is even more unpleasant for Kurogiri, despite him being the one to
insist that they subject themselves to it.
The gunk dried into Tomura’s bandages crackles faintly as Kurogiri peels them away to
reveal Tomura’s wounds. If they could even be called that. His skin isn’t broken so much as
thinned, the top layers corroded away to reveal the tender, growing membrane beneath. It’s
pink, and wet all over with some clear fluid that forms a yellow crust when it seeps into his
bandages. What blood there is wells in tiny, individual drops, like hundreds of pins have been
poked into his veins.
Tomura’s breath hisses through his clenched teeth. The stinging starts the moment the
wounds are exposed to air — needling and insistent, highlighted by the bright, electric
sensation of exposed nerves — but the pain is nothing in the grand scheme of things. No, it’s
the indignity of it that really smarts — of being reduced to needing Kurogiri’s care because
his skin is falling off for no fucking reason.
Tomura hates this. He hates the memories that try to force their way to the surface with every
touch. Years of smaller hands tending similar wounds. Treatment as careful as it was
unapologetic. Taunting words that did nothing to disguise concerned eyes. Half a dozen
varieties of medicinal lotion, gifted one after another when each was rejected in turn. Those
bottles lay somewhere behind Tomura’s television stand now, from when he flung them
across the room just to get them out of his sight. He should have thrown them out. He should
have wiped them from the face of the earth. No gift from a rogue comes free. It’s not in their
nature. If you can’t see the cost, you can’t afford to pay it.
The instant Tomura is collared with fresh bandages, he smacks Kurogiri’s hands away, like
he’s been itching to do the entire time. It’s not as satisfying as he wanted it to be. The way
Kurogiri recoils before dissolving into incorporeal mist isn’t satisfying at all.
“If you would follow through on your previous intentions to expand our numbers, you
wouldn’t need me to do this,” Kurogiri says, voice composed despite his display of
discomfort. Tomura scoffs. That would certainly be nice for Kurogiri, who would be spared
the misery of touch, but Tomura would have to let someone put their hands around his throat,
one way or the other.
“We already tried that,” he reminds Kurogiri bitterly. “It went so well.”
“Is a single failure enough to deter you in those games of yours, as well?”
Tomura rolls his eyes. “If you lose in a game, you change strategies. Trying the same thing
over and over only racks up your death count.”
“I see,” Kurogiri says. Tomura doubts the truth of that. Kurogiri has been conscious for less
than fifteen years — younger, in that sense, than Tomura himself — and his physical body is

thirty or something, but he’s such an uptight bore that he manages to seem older than Sensei,
most of the time. “Perhaps we should test strategies with a game of chess.”
“That’s stupid,” Tomura dismisses. “Chess is stupid.” At its base, chess is formulaic and
predictable. There are only so many pieces and they can only move in specific patterns.
Playing well demands a lot of strategy and forethought, but he doubts Kurogiri can play well
enough to pose a challenge.
“Your master spent years teaching you, Shigaraki Tomura,” Kurogiri says, as if Tomura needs
the reminder. He wouldn’t have played chess at all if not for Sensei’s interest in it. “He’d be
disappointed to see those skills grow rusty.”
Tomura’s eyes narrow. “What do you know?” he spits. “You want me to play? Fine, I’ll play.
But if I’m going to humor you, you don’t say a word, got it?
Kurogiri is impassive for a long moment before he nods his assent, disappearing silently into
the back of the building to grab their chess set. Tomura hasn’t seen the board in months, and
he wonders briefly where it even is, before he realizes that it must be in Sensei’s office.
That’s where it was kept, and Tomura hasn’t touched anything in that room, just like he
hasn’t touched anything in the spare bedroom.
By the time Kurogiri reappears, Tomura has sat himself on a stool and helped himself to a
bottle of something golden and bitter from behind the bar. Meticulously, Kurogiri begins to
prepare the board, setting each of his pieces into their designated positions. Frosted glass
clinks on polished wood as he moves on to Tomura’s side, placing a single piece. Kurogiri
wordlessly lays his hands flat on the bar.
The white king stands, off-center and solitary, before two neat rows of black glass soldiers.
Tomura narrows his eyes and scratches at the hinge of his jaw. The ragged edge of one of his
nails catches on the weave of his bandages, snagging in the fibers.
“What’s this meant to be?” he asks without inflection.
For a moment, he thinks Kurogiri will stubbornly maintain the silence Tomura demanded, but
after a maddeningly elongated pause, he offers a mild reply, “Chess.”
“This is rigged.”
“You are the one who is so determined to do everything on his own, Shigaraki Tomura.”
“You fucking cheater.”
“Have you forgotten everything your master taught you, in your anger?”
“Shut your mouth,” Tomura warns lowly. His hand trails from his jaw to his throat. He can’t
get at his skin, but if he presses hard enough, the sting overshadows the itch. His fingers
frame his windpipe like a garrote; his pinky hangs in the air like the blade of a guillotine.
“The king is the most important piece on the board,” Kurogiri continues unwisely, “which is
all the more reason he can’t go to war on his own.”

“Am I the king in this scenario?” The baring of Tomura’s teeth could not pass for a smile. “I
think I like that. I’d look good in a crown.”
“A king is nothing without people to lead.”
“Oh, so I’m nothing, then?”
“Not nothing,” Kurogiri assuages. “But not nearly as much as you could be. You cannot win
on your own, Shigaraki Tomura.”
Tomura’s laugh vibrates under his palm. His fury is a transcendent thing, so immense that he
feels like he’s going to explode from the force of it, or else collapse under its pressure. He
does neither. He runs his eyes over the board, over these little glass figures that would dare
oppose him. Another laugh saws out of him. The inside of his throat feels as raw as his neck.
“I think I can, actually,” Tomura decides. With a sweep of his arm, he upends Kurogiri’s little
life lesson along with the chess board. It lands with a clatter and a crack somewhere behind
him. Pieces fly into the air, careening in a dozen different directions. No doubt they scatter
across the floor and roll into all corners of the room, but Tomura doesn’t hear them land over
the choir of blood in his ears. “I think I can do whatever I want, actually.”
Kurogiri takes a step back from the bar. “Your master—” his voice is unreadable, but his eyes
have widened far enough to round out their yellow glow. He doesn’t shrink away, doesn’t
cower, but Tomura recognizes the display of weakness for what it is, and he tears into it with
his teeth.
“My master,” he bites, “is dead. I’m my own master now, and I’m not going to be stupid
enough to get stabbed in the back by one of my own pawns. Especially not you. So,
Kurogiri,” name said deliberately, mockingly, give him a taste of his own medicine, “are you
going to behave? Or do I have to put you down like a disobedient dog?”
Kurogiri inclines his head. “I am at your disposal, Shigaraki Tomura.” His lack of hesitation
is the first thing he’s done right in days, maybe weeks.
“Good,” Tomura says. “Clean up this mess. You can put the game back wherever you found
it.”
“…I cannot,” Kurogiri says.
Tomura growls inarticulately, whirling around and pacing across the room to kick one of the
booths lining the wall. He leans heavily over the table and digs his nails into his palms.
“Already with this?” he growls. “I guess old dogs really can’t be taught, huh? If you’ve got a
death wish, I’ll grant it.”
Instead of pleading for his life, or offering an explanation for his continued rebellion against
the simplest of orders, Kurogiri says, “Shigaraki Tomura.”
Tomura has just about committed himself to homicide when a portal drops the chess board in
front on him, in three separate pieces. They fall on top of each other before toppling in

different directions. More fragments of various sizes break off before the pieces come to a
rest.
“Huh,” Tomura says, the ticking clock of his temper diffused by the soft, rotten edges of the
wood. Altogether, half of the board remains, at most. “I must have— Oh well. Chess is
stupid, anyway. You can live, for now. Just pick up the pieces. We don’t need them showing
up under foot a week from now.”
“Shigaraki Tomura.”
“What?”Tomura asks irately. He grinds a chunk of the decaying wood into powder between
his fingers. “What could possibly be the problem now?”
“The pieces are gone.”
Tomura freezes. “Gone?”
“Dust,” Kurogiri confirms. The single word is laden with meaning. “You destroyed them,
when you upended the board.”
Tomura remembers Kurogiri’s fear. It had felt good, for him to finally be afraid, the way he
should have been this whole time. For him to finally show a bit of respect. For him to finally
take Tomura serious. Tomura remembers how wide Kurogiri’s eyes had gotten, and now
wonders what he was actually seeing.
“I didn’t,” Tomura says.
He didn’t. He’s sure he didn’t. He might have touched the board. He wasn’t being particularly
careful, and Decay works quickly, but there is no way that he laid all five of his fingers on all
seventeen of those pieces. He didn’t.
“You did,” Kurogiri says. “It’s unclear how, but you did.”
Panic ambushes Tomura, so quickly that he never could have seen it coming. He is choking.
He claws at the bandages around his throat, and they give and crumble beneath his assault,
reduced to unrecognizable bits of dust that stick to the raw skin beneath. He doesn’t keep
track of how he touches them. He doesn’t want to know. It hurts. It hurts. It stings, burns
when his nails meet flesh that is far to fragile to withstand his near-feral attempts to break it.
There’s too much inside him. He needs to get it out. It is going to kill him. He is going to
explode from the force of it. Collapse under its pressure. How is he still standing? How is he
still standing? How is he still standing? How is he—
“—Three, four. Shigaraki Tomura. Breathe.”
Shigaraki Izuku. Breathe. We’ll count to four.
“Knock— Knock it off,” Tomura gasps when he has the air to. “I know how to breathe. I
don’t need your shitty tutorial.”

Tomura is stronger than this. Tomura is— Tomura is stronger than he even knew. He’s still
standing. He stares at his hands, unblinking until the dry burn of the air forces his eyelids
shut. One thought rings in the cavernous emptiness that remains in Tomura’s head when all
the panic has drained away:
Every star in the universe balances on the precipice of utter annihilation.
For all that there are billions upon trillions of them, each and every star is a marvel. They
produce so much energy that they ought to explode from the force of it; they are so massive
that they ought to collapse under the pressure. They do neither. Instead, they strike a careful
balance between two forms of destruction, and in that equilibrium, they create the
fundamental building blocks of the world.
Tomura has not exploded. He has not collapsed. He’s still standing, taller than ever before.
After all, the first thing to evolve, unfathomably long before the genesis of life, was a star.
Tomura is only following suit.

Less than two months ago, Izuku woke up handcuffed to a cot in UA’s infirmary, and when
he told Tsukauchi that his name was Midoriya Izuku, he lied. Names are funny like that. A
name can be the difference between a boy who is trying his best and a boy who is being
forced to do his worst. Between a child in need of rescue and a man who is not worth saving.
How can something so important be forgotten so easily? What’s left behind when it is?
Well, the answer to that one is easy enough: a brother.
Not this time.
What will you do, then?
Izuku’s dream sticks with him like shrapnel. It seems like a miracle that he can look in the
mirror and see no evidence of how it’s torn through him and lodged itself in his head. Echoes
creep into the gaps of silence in his head, snippets of conversation that Izuku can recall as
clearly as recordings, replacing every intrusive thought he has ever had.
When Izuku steps out of his room that morning, Mic’s greeting is sing-song and as horribly
off-key as always. A faint hint of apprehension peaks through Aizawa’s mask of bored
neutrality. Izuku wonders when he got so easy to read.
“How are you feeling?” Aizawa asks.
“I’m feeling,” Izuku replies. I don’t feel good. “I’m feeling… better, actually.”
The resentment is still there if Izuku digs for it. This is not how things were meant to be. He
had plans, and it is almost certainly for the better that they were ruined, but there’s still a part

of him that isn’t capable of appreciating the interference. After spending so long preparing
for the worst, to change for the better instead is overwhelming and complicated and painful.
Even the worst-case scenario that Izuku had foreseen would have been easier than this, and
sometimes — often — Izuku really, really hates how hard everything is, now.
Doesn’t everyone?
Aizawa holds out a gaudy, glittery hair clip, pinched between two fingers like he’ll catch
something just by touching it. Do you love me? Izuku takes it, and there is resentment there,
if he digs for it, but he mostly just feels grateful, and lucky, and glad to be here.
Some time in the night, the sky had cracked open, tipping the dreary weather of the day
before over the line into dark and stormy territory. Rain falls in sheets, the sound of it
melding together into a solid wall of rushing white noise. Wind cuts in at an angle that foils
any hopes of protection an umbrella might have offered.
“We should just go back to sleep,” Aizawa says before they step outside, disdain written into
the slump of his shoulders. Why couldn’t we just take a nap?
“He hates getting wet,” Mic tells Izuku conspiratorially. His good mood and bright grin defy
the weather. “Like a—”
“Don’t.”
Cat, Mic mouths behind a hand, for Izuku’s eyes only. Aizawa shoulders past them into the
rain with a hiss that only supports Mic’s assertions. Izuku laughs and jogs to catch up. Things
are better when we do them together.
The driest person in class 1-A is, ironically, Tsu, who cheerfully tells Uraraka that she has a
bright green, full-length raincoat and enjoys getting the opportunity to wear it. Shouto is halfwet half-dry, but doesn’t seem to mind — not that it would be all that obvious if he did. He
faces Yaoyorozu with his left hand stretched out over her damp sleeve and an almost
worryingly intense look of concentration of his face.
“Set her on fire,” Kasumi demands. I’m not bothering them! Izuku drops his bag next to his
desk and decides that he doesn’t want to wrangle the chaos that is about to unfold.
Across the room, Aoyama lounges extravagantly atop his desk, drenched to the bone because
he is apparently too fabulous for things like raincoats and umbrellas. His hair drips steadily
onto the floor. Ashido circles around him, taking pictures on her phone from different angles
as he strikes another pose. He starts shivering a moment later.
“Come on,” Izuku says, stepping past Ashido, who grins at him and snaps a photo when he
smiles back. He pulls Aoyama from his desk to his feet. “Recovery Girl will have a spare
uniform you can change into.” I’ll take care of you. They nearly run into Aizawa on their way
out the door, and he presses himself — sleeping bag and all — flat against the wall to avoid
contact.

Throughout his classes, Izuku is unsurprised to find that he can’t focus. The sudden lack of
the pulsing anger that’s possessed him since Hosu is an incredible relief, but he nevertheless
finds himself somewhat unsettled in its absence. Attempting to pay attention to his teachers
while simultaneously trying to properly engage with the friends he has been neglecting feels
like a juggling act, and with each ball Izuku drops, overwhelm creeps higher up his throat.
You’ll love me, then.
Leaving 1-A for his lesson with Nedzu is a reprieve that Izuku guiltily latches onto. Most of
these lessons involve complex, mentally taxing exercises and conversations on all manner of
subjects, but today, most of the period will be devoted to mathematics — the one class Izuku
is exempt from because he tested far enough below his peers to warrant remedial lessons. We
have more important things to do. Normally, Izuku finds the math tutoring tedious, but today,
he’s grateful not to have to think about anything more complicated than calculus.
“I’m sure Shouta filled you in on the happenings of yesterday’s committee meeting?” Nedzu
asks pleasantly shortly after giving Izuku the problem set that they’ll be working through that
day. Izuku nods, squinting at the equation at the top of the page. “Order of operations,”
Nedzu reminds. Izuku erases the number he had barely begun to write. “Thankfully, the
committee is firmly on your side. You know, Izuku, you really are quite charismatic.”
Izuku scrunches up his nose, erasing yet again as he realizes another mistake in the midst of
making it. “I don’t try to be.”
“That’s why it works so well. It’s a good thing! Charm like that can be a useful tool. They
won’t suspect you of anything until someone else puts the proof in their hands.” Izuku pauses
to process that, and completely looses his place in the string of numbers he had been working
through in the process. He cuts Nedzu a leery glance that Nedzu meets with a sparkling
smile. Regardless of how civil and humane a mask he wears, his teeth always reveal the
predator he is at his core. “With the quirks at your disposal, and your skills besides, there’s
quite a lot that you could get away with.” You can’t just take whatever you want.
“Get away with?” Izuku echoes after a long, incredulous pause. “Like what?”
“Oh,” Nedzu says lightly, pressing his paws together. Izuku feels hunted. “Any number of
things, really.” Of course I can.
“I don’t— I’m not going to do anything like that.” I don’t want to do those things. Nedzu
hasn’t made a secret of his social and political aspirations for Izuku. Many of his motives for
teaching Izuku are aggressively reformist, but none of them are ulterior. Or maybe he simply
hides more than Izuku realized, and trusts less than Izuku thought.
“I never said you were,” Nedzu agrees, in the default chipper tone that makes it impossible
to get a read on his real meaning, “but it’s not a crime to consider the possibilities. It’s like a
thought exercise!” Izuku winces. Does it hurt? Nedzu’s eyes gleam. “Of course, if you were
to do something, I expect you to be smart about it. I’ve taught you that well, at least.”
“I won’t—” Izuku cuts himself off before he can get to his actual denial. What was he
supposed to say that wouldn’t be a lie? He won’t do anything he shouldn’t do? He won’t

break the law? It’s too late for that. Hasn’t he just recently acknowledged that something
needs to be done? What will you do, then?
“Won’t what?” Nedzu prompts, feigning ignorance so well that Izuku could nearly buy it, if
he believed that true ignorance was something Nedzu had ever experienced.
“I’m stuck on question three,” Izuku says. Nedzu clicks his tongue, an odd sound given the
shape of his mouth, and leans forward to teach Izuku more socially acceptable things. The
devious sparkle in his eyes never dims.
Lunch brings a second chance for the respite that Izuku had hoped to find in Nedzu’s office.
The break begins immediately after their lesson, which makes it easy for Izuku to evade the
grasp of his friends, even if he feels horrible for doing it. I don’t feel good. He just— he needs
space. You’re always tired. He needs room to think, to make sense of all these thoughts that
don’t feel like his own, to process the ghosts that are sitting so heavily on his shoulders,
whispering into his ears.
Let’s go on an adventure. You’ll love me, then. It’s too late for that. I’m already gone. Does it
hurt? Doesn’t everyone?
The idea of being alone is suddenly intolerable, but Izuku barely registers that as a problem
before he is already seeking out the solution. Hitoshi slouches, but his hair still sticks out of
the crowd. He doesn’t respond to Izuku’s shout, and for a moment, Izuku wonders
despairingly if he is being avoided, again. Where are you going? Then, Izuku remembers how
quickly Hitoshi had said, “We are, we’re friends,” and he remembers how easy it was to
believe. Hitoshi isn’t avoiding Izuku; Hitoshi is just a stubborn misanthrope who doesn’t
expect anyone to seek him out.
Izuku slips through the crowd to dart into Hitoshi’s path, grabbing him above the elbows
before they can collide. Held at arm’s length, Hitoshi jolts to a stop. In the moment he
glances up, the look on his face is absolutely biting, but his sneer falls slack the instant his
eyes meets Izuku’s.
“What do you want?” Hitoshi asks, expression hardening into vague suspicion while he
removes one earbud. “Is this about yesterday? Have you come for your revenge?”
“Not revenge,” Izuku denies. “Lunch.” Things are better when we do them together.
Hitoshi’s expression flattens. “Huh,” he says, maybe a bit nonplussed, from what little Izuku
can read in his tone. He unplugs his headphones, ears reddening gradually as he winds the
cord around his hand.
Hitoshi puts up token resistance — Izuku would expect nothing less — but he doesn’t make
Izuku drag him, and he doesn’t ask any questions, even when Izuku leads them away from
the cafeteria. There aren’t any windows in Izuku’s favorite hiding place, but the noise of the
rain reaches them, echoing in the small, dark room when he shuts the door behind them. He
still has access to his night vision quirk, but he has spent so much time here that he doesn’t
need it to navigate through stacks of books and boxes to the back of the room, where an old

desk has been pushed against the wall. By feel, he locates and switches on the lamp he knows
to be there.
“…Did you drag me into a closet?” Hitoshi asks, looking around the small, cluttered space.
Izuku frowns at him, pushing a chair in his direction with a bit more force than
necessary. Hitoshi grabs the back of it before it can bump into his shins and wheels it back
towards Izuku, who takes a seat, legs crossed on top of the desk.
“No! It used to be someone’s office, I think.” Hitoshi sits, kicks his feet up next to Izuku’s
knee, and shoots Izuku a dubious look. Izuku sighs. “They have maybe been using it as a
closet,” he admits.
“Why are we in a closet?”
“I figured you’d be more comfortable, here.”
“In a closet?” Hitoshi repeats. His ears are turning red again, though it’s not as obvious in the
dim lamplight as it was under the fluorescents in the hallway. “What are you trying to say?”
“W-we can go somewhere else, if you want?” Izuku offers. “This is where I come when I
need to, uh,” Izuku grimaces and rushes through his next words, “avoid my friends. I mean,
people, in general, can be— a lot, and I know you don’t really— don’t really like them, so I
thought.” Izuku raises his hands in a limp gesture at the space around them. This is a nice
place to rest. “Closet,” he finishes lamely.
“Huh,” Hitoshi says.
“I— I wasn’t really feeling super up to the whole p-people thing today, either, so.” I’m tired.
“Oh.”
“I had— I had a really weird dream last night,” Izuku finds himself volunteering, much to his
own surprise. He closes his teeth around the tip of his tongue. He didn’t mean to share that.
He doesn’t really want to talk about it. There’s just too much to it — too much about his
father, the uncle he doesn’t even know, Tomura, and Izuku himself, tangled together so much
that not even Izuku can keep track of it, except for knowing that it feels like something
important. Does it hurt? Is it worth it?
Hitoshi doesn’t ask. He sits up a bit straighter, pulling his legs off the desk and folding one up
onto his chair, instead. He leans closer to Izuku and says, “Me too!”
“Oh?”
“Yeah,” Hitoshi nods, unexpectedly invested in the turn of the conversation, his brows
drawing together as he seems to gather his recollection, “it was— my dad had decided to
become a hero, I guess to support me or some shit? Except he had to take classes to get his
license, and the fucker stole my seat in 1-A.”
“That bastard,” Izuku intones. Hitoshi no doubt hears the deadpan insincerity, considering
he’s the one Izuku learned it from, but he ignores it in favor of nodding adamantly. “I’m—

Mostly, I’m just surprised you slept.” Hitoshi laughs, first genuinely, then sarcastically, as if
to disguise the fact that he had laughed to begin with. Then, he pushes Izuku off the desk.
By the time classes resume, Izuku’s unease has subsided — only by inches, but enough to
give him some breathing room. His friends don’t ask where he was, only if he’s okay, and he
smiles and tells them, honestly, that he is. Paying attention is still beyond his current abilities
— we have more important things to do — and his dream continues to linger, as vivid as it
was when he first woke up. Now, though, the snippets of dialog that constantly pop into his
head feel slightly less intrusive, as if they are beginning to harmonize with his other thoughts,
rather than drowning out the sound of them.
Classes come to an end. Izuku gives his friends an over-due apology. He follows Aizawa to
Gym Gamma. “That’s what revenge looks like,” he tells Hitoshi after laying him out flat on
the mat less than a minute into their spar. You’ll fight me? Aizawa leads the way back to the
apartment, long strides cutting through the persistent drizzle that has replaced the downpour.
Mic greets them from the kitchen; Disco and Bast raise hell for a few minutes before Disco
settles on begging for scraps at Mic’s heel and Bast contents herself with chewing on the hem
of Aizawa’s sweat pants.
“Do you love me?” Izuku asks in the middle of dinner, apropos of nothing, one of the many
questions that’s been chewing on him all day. When he finally gives in to asking, he’s
surprised by how little embarrassment he feels. If Mic finds either the question or the
abruptness with which it was asked odd, it doesn’t give him pause.
“Of course!” he replies immediately.
“Yes,” Aizawa says, more halting, like it pains him just a little to admit it so bluntly. His
eyes, when they meet Izuku’s, are contemplative but honest. Izuku swallows. It’s not like he
didn’t know. It’s been said before, in actions and implications, passing jokes and remarks —
but it has never been a declaration, so direct and shameless.
“Is it supposed to hurt?” he asks, voice rasping through the sudden tightness of his throat.
Mic’s bright grin flips into a mild frown. “Well,” he hedges, “I wouldn’t say it’s supposed to,
but it always does. It’s too important not to hurt at least some of the time.”
“What if it’s all of the time?”
“Then maybe it’s better to let go,” Mic says, so gently, talking around their shared awareness
that this not hypothetical. Izuku asked the question knowing the answer, but he can’t keep the
frown off his face. Things are better when we do them together. Mic continues, almost
apologetically, “Loving someone doesn’t always mean being with them.”
“And being with someone you love doesn’t always mean being happy,” Aizawa adds.
You’ll fight me? asks one of the ghosts in Izuku’s head.
Do you love me? Yes.

Until the end, replies the other.
Does it hurt? More than anything.
That’s just another kind of together, says the first, and with those six words, it’s too late for
them. Together, in the way of two nameless brothers on opposite sides of each other’s stories,
their love defined by the suffering it inspired.
Is it worth it?
Later, Izuku lays in the dark and stares at the ceiling above his bed. Lucy purrs on his chest,
sleeping the unburdened sleep of a creature that is has never had to make a choice important
enough to worry about making the wrong one.
Sometimes, though, there is no right or wrong choice. Sometimes, right and wrong has
nothing to do with it.
Is it worth it?
Izuku picks his phone up off the side table, fingers tingling as the screen lights up beneath
them. In this day and age, technological quirks are a powerful thing, and that’s precisely the
reason his father made sure to give Izuku several. He has a general idea of what they all do,
of course, but Izuku’s inherent awareness of quirks doesn’t tell him how they actually work.
Nedzu has taught Izuku a lot, though. At least enough for him to be smart in how he goes
about making a very dumb decision.
Is it worth it?
“Yes,” Izuku says aloud.
Sometimes, when no one does right by you, two wrongs are the best you'll get. Izuku makes a
choice that he can live with, and he sets his phone aside.

PLAYER 2 23:09
Are you in contact with the League of Villains?

GIRAN 23:34
Who are you and how did you get this number

PLAYER 2 23:41
Consider me your newest informant.

PLAYER 2 23:41
I have some names for you.

Chapter End Notes

Hello, welcome to Behind the Scenes, with me, your host, the Demon That Over
Explains Things!
Izuku’s second scene wasn’t originally meant to exist. I never intended to directly show
the lead up to the creation of Player 2, which is why that reveal was originally put in the
last chapter. The third scene was meant to be from Hitoshi’s perspective, after all of
these events, but it was so tonally dissonant that I decided it had to be moved. So I
replaced it with a second Izuku scene, and it just naturally went in the direction it did.
I’m glad for it, in the end. I think having that inter-generational family dynamic in the
background for the whole chapter really ties things together and gives a lot (but not
TOO much) of context to Izuku’s decision.
Anyway, Demon That Over Explains Things signing off for now.
—————
(Realizing that there’s a lot going on this chapter only because I have so many of these)
Tomura: Good night, Kurogiri. I’ll most likely kill you in the morning.
Kurogiri: You’re the leader of the League—
Tomura: I am a STAR.
(this one’s for me, folks. i swear, it would be so funny if you had read the stardust au
that i've been using to procrastinate for the last year)
Mic: You’re like a cat.
Aizawa: I’m going to kill you.
Mic: That’s exactly what a cat would say.
Nedzu: They’ll never suspect you.
Izuku: I haven’t committed a crime??
Nedzu: Don’t worry, there’s still time.
Izuku: I thought you’d be more comfortable in the closet.
Hitoshi: That’s homophobic???
Izuku: Thankfully Hitoshi didn’t ask me about that dream. He always knows exactly
what to say.
Hitoshi, 2 hours later: fUCK!!! I forgot to ask him about his dream!! He probably thinks
I’m a self-obsessed asshole, now! Great job!!!!!
Aizawa: Do I worry about my kid? Constantly. I worry about what my kid is doing and
if it counts as treason. I worry about how the fuck I’m going to explain this to the

committee.
—————
Next Chapter: One for All - Part VII

Chapter 49: One for All - Part VII
Chapter Notes

Re: Izuku’s dream last chapter: that was not the start of any kind of plot thread. Was
Something Fucky going on? Was that just Izuku’s way of processing some Very
Complicated emotions? You decide! I left it intentionally ambiguous, and there’s a 90%
chance that it won’t be elaborated on at all.
Kind of a short chapter, here. I have 3 chapters planned, including this one, to cover the
~month between internships and exams. I’m trying to be kind of quick about it, so these
chapters will be montage-esque. Also, we’re diving back into “I barely know who this
character is, but I’m not going to let that stop me!” territory, so if any information
about/characterization of new cast members is inaccurate — uuuuuuuhhhhhhh, whoops
I guess, but I’m not gonna fix it :))

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Sensei stands at the front of the classroom on Monday morning, pinching the bridge of his
nose while he leafs through the papers in his hands. He’s looked so shitty since internships
that Katsuki was starting to think he died in Hosu and shambled back as a zombie, but he
seems to be on the mend. In recent days, he’s looking like a slightly fresher corpse.
“Right,” Sensei sighs. “The training camp.”
Instantly, the attentive silence of class 1-A is broken, enough people speaking over each other
all at once that Katsuki can’t understand a word of it. Somehow, the indistinct wall of noise
manages to be more offensive than the mind-numbing inanity that comes out of the extras’
mouths. Katsuki whirls on the class with his teeth bared, and sees Ponytail offer a pair of
earplugs to a cringing Midoriya, like they do this all the time. Maybe they do. What would
Katsuki know, huh?
“Control your fucking idiots!” Katsuki demands, turning back to Sensei. The first thing the
man trained them to do was shut the fuck up, and sure enough, everyone falls into line within
a second of him activating his quirk — a truly enviable ability that Katsuki would abuse the
hell out of, if he could figure out the trick to it. Sensei blinks and scrubs a hand over his eyes,
looking a little more dead and a lot more fed up.
“What training camp?” Pinky asks, nearly vibrating with excitement as she leans over her
desk.
“If you’d let me talk, I’d already have told you,” Sensei says flatly. “Or if you could stand to
have a civil conversation with class B. They’ve known since last week.”
“What?” Pikachu cries. “Why’d they get to know first?”

“I forgot,” Sensei says. It doesn’t sound like an admission, only a statement of fact, and the
man certainly doesn’t apologize, even as Pikachu wails on about the unfairness of it all.
“We’re civil!” Kirishima defends. “Well, I mean, we’re civil, and Bakugou’s Bakugou, but he
can’t help it!”
“I’ll show you civil!” Katsuki snaps, sparks flickering over his palms for only a moment
before Sensei snuffs them into thin wisps of sweet-smelling smoke.
Something nasty twists up tight in Katsuki’s chest, something that wants to snap him in half
and level everything in a five mile radius in the process. He hisses a slow breath through his
teeth and counts to eight. He’s got a word for this now, for this wrong thing that keeps
happening in his head. Hound Dog calls these moments triggers. Bitterly, Katsuki wonders if
he’ll ever stop feeling like a loaded gun.
Kirishima, oblivious, grins in the face of Katsuki’s sneer, not even a bit sheepish. Katsuki
clenches his jaw, takes a few more carefully regulated breaths, and slouches back into his
seat.
“What training camp?” Pinky repeats, urgently drumming her hands against her desk.
“Summer vacation’s coming up,” Sensei says. “At this point in your training, taking a whole
month off would be foolish, so we’ve arranged for a summer training camp out in the
woods.”
Katsuki’s slowly unspooling tension ratchets back up as the idiots go off again. The ringing
in his ears increases in pitch, rendering individual words and voices unidentifiable. What
bullshit. If the tinnitus keeps getting worse, it’s going to become a problem — as if it hadn’t
been annoying enough in middle school, before it started to actually affect his hearing.
Katsuki digs a finger into his ear, hoping that it’ll help while knowing it won’t.
Activating his quirk is really only a formality in Sensei’s control over 1-A, and he doesn’t
bother with it this time. When he starts speaking, the class automatically hushes to hang on
his every word, without him so much as raising his voice. “…exams first,” he’s saying by the
time Katsuki can understand him, a few seconds later. “If you fail those, you’ll be stuck here
for summer school. So don’t fail.”
“So fucking stupid,” Katsuki mutters as half of his classmates, predictably, start screaming
again. That they’re taking Sensei at his word is a testament to their idiocy. It had only taken
one logical ruse for Katsuki to realize that their homeroom teacher is a fucking liar.
Of course, this knowledge has completely evaded Katsuki’s group of dumbasses, seen as
they’re some of the dumbest asses in a class full of them. Kirishima looks like he’s about to
work himself into manfully determined tears, Pikachu’s soul has fled his body, and even
Tape’s easy-going grin is wobbling.
Katsuki scoffs. As if he would allow anyone to ride his coattails without wringing every drop
of pitiful potential they have out of them. No one he associates with is going to embarrass
him by failing, even if he has to drag them up to acceptable levels by their shitty hair.

“You’re not going to fucking fail,” Katsuki orders Kirishima when the spiky idiot turns his
way. “I’ll tutor you ‘till you’re fucking dead, you hear me? All you losers. I don’t waste time
on failures.”
Kirishima nods and puts a hand on Katsuki’s shoulder that Katsuki immediately slaps away.
“I knew I could count on you!” Kirishima says, undeterred. “Yo, Kami! Look alive, man,
Bakubro’ll help us out!”
Pikachu, slumped over and whining miserably against his desk, bolts upright, his face
eclipsed by dread. “What do you mean, look alive? That’s a death sentence!”
“Oh, come on,” Kirishima laughs. “What doesn’t kill you makes you stronger, right?”
“Except the thing that actually kills you just makes you dead!” Pikachu cries, knotting his
hands into his hair, which is already standing on end from the nervous static he’s emitting.
“Well hey,” Tape says, slapping Pikachu on the back and shaking the shock out of his hand,
“look at it this way. If we’re dead, we don’t have to take exams!”
Watery-eyed, Pikachu nods like Tape has actually offered him a measure of comfort. Katsuki
scoffs, kicks his feet up onto his desk, and leaves the morons to pep-talk each other.

PLAYER 2 23:41
Treat him with respect and he won’t give you any problems.
PLAYER 2 23:41
click to view attachment

GIRAN 23:45
What do you expect me to do with this

PLAYER 2 23:45
Don’t play dumb.

“Please,” the hero begs. “I have a family.”

“Shut up,” Spinner grits, leaning his weight into the hero’s chest until their ribs creak beneath
his boot. With every wheezing breath they take, the column of their throat just barely grazes
the tip of his blade. The small, repetitive prick of it draws a drop of blood through their skin.
Now is the time that Stain would stab them. Generally, he went for abdominal shots, close to
the spine — the kind of injury that was practically guaranteed to be debilitating, even if it
failed to be mortal. It’s that kind of violence that makes people afraid enough to listen.
“Please,” the hero tries again when Spinner’s sword hovers, steady but stationary over their
throat. “My mother, she doesn’t have anyone else.”
“I said shut up.”
Everybody has a family. That doesn’t mean that they don’t deserve to die. Stain’s last victim,
Ingenium, was one of a whole passel of similar hero types, and Spinner had cried good
riddance! at his TV when the news went public.
Spinner growls through his teeth and kicks the hero — not even a hero actually, a sidekick —
roughly onto their stomach. They push themself up on their hands, lifting their head from the
grime of the alley pavement. No longer pinned down, they scrabble pathetically across the
ground like the detestable bug they are.
They stand, overcoming their fumbling panic just enough to run. Like all the others, they
look back only to ensure that Spinner isn’t in pursuit. They’re relieved to be free of him, even
when that means leaving him free as well, to accost one of their comrades in a week or two.
They’re either too thoughtless to come to that conclusion, or too self-centered to care. Either
way, it’s exactly that kind of mentality that singles out Spinner’s targets.
Stain never would have bothered with such a small fry, but he certainly would have agreed
that the sidekick was a disgrace, a symptom of spreading rot. Stain wouldn’t care that their
mother would miss them. Not that Spinner cares, precisely. He feels no pity, no sympathy, for
cowards like that, who claim to be saving a world that is already ruined. But somehow his
rage and resentment stall his sword just as effectively as any kind feeling.
Two years Spinner’s been wearing his copycat red scarf, and he’s never once done it justice
with anything more than his words. He spits to clear the sour taste of revulsion from his
mouth.

“We can make a break for it,” Izuku offers under his breath, leaning towards Hitoshi. Hitoshi
tips his head down to reply in kind, but they’re interrupted before they can start putting an
escape plan together.
“You may not,” Aoyama forbids grandiosely, nose held so high in the air that he manages to
look down on Hitoshi despite the height disparity between them. He walks backwards to keep

his eyes on his hostages, paying no attention to the nasty looks shot at him by the people who
are forced to dodge out of his path. Hitoshi wonders what Aoyama would do if he actually
ran into someone. Shamelessly moonwalk right over their corpse, probably.
“I think we can take him,” Hitoshi says, in a whisper designed to be overheard. “I’ve kicked
his ass before.”
Hitoshi winces. He doesn’t think he’s said anything offensive, relative to the baseline
assholeishness inherent to his person, but the elbow that Izuku drives into his gut begs to
differ. Hitoshi retaliates with an elbow jab of his own, only better and more formidable than
Izuku’s. Despite the respectable amount of muscle Hitoshi’s put on in the last month, he
remains as lanky as ever, and he has it on good authority that his elbows are sharp enough to
kill. Izuku rolls his eyes but tellingly abandons the battle.
Aoyama watches this exchange like Hitoshi and Izuku are peasants knelt at the foot of his
throne. Just for that, Hitoshi would gladly kick his ass again. Or for the first time, since all
Hitoshi had actually done during his match against Aoyama was clumsily evade lasers until
he could activate Brainwashing. But that was semantics. Hitoshi totally kicked his ass.
Aoyama sniffs haughtily. “You think I came here unprepared? I’ve yet to reveal our pièce de
résistance.” With eyes so wide and sparkling he looks like a caricature of himself, Aoyama
turns to Izuku, who squints at him suspiciously. Aoyama’s eyes grow impossibly larger. “If
you don’t come with me, Yaoyorozu will be sad, Izuku.”
“Don’t listen to him,” Hitoshi warns. He had been sure that Aoyama had been bluffing as an
excuse to drop a bit of French into the conversation, but Hitoshi has obviously
underestimated him. “It’s a trap.”
“But Yaoyorozu will be sad, Hitoshi.” Izuku mimics Aoyama’s expression as well as his
words, and his act is so convincing that Hitoshi physically recoils. Izuku breaks character to
laugh at his suffering. “Sorry,” he says with a smile that doesn’t quite make its way to
apologetic. “I know you don’t really like big groups of people.”
“Any people,” Hitoshi corrects, holding up a single finger to answer the unasked question:
how many people does it take to ruin Shinsou Hitoshi’s day? It’s a much easier feat to achieve
than screwing in a light bulb.
“I promise I won’t hunt you down if you don’t want to join us,” Izuku says.
Hitoshi does not want to join them. This should go without saying. He doesn’t like Izuku’s
friends. It’s nothing personal, considering that he doesn’t even know them; Hitoshi simply
dislikes people by default. It’s easier that way.
However. Hitoshi likes Izuku, these days. And Izuku likes people. He may be a fellow
introvert, but he’s not antisocial like Hitoshi, who is perfectly happy with just his father and
two friends for company — who would, in fact, be happier if one of those friends would
disappear under mysterious circumstances. Izuku’s not like that.

Which leaves Hitoshi with two options, really. Either he sees Izuku less or he sees other
people more. It’s lose-lose, except in one of these scenarios Izuku is there, which is a pretty
damned good consolation prize. Honestly, as challenging as it is to commit to it, the decision
itself was made days ago. Hitoshi wants to be there for Izuku, and not only on the condition
that no one else is.
“I knew it was too good to last,” Hitoshi sighs, resigning himself to the sacrifice that must be
made.
Izuku’s head swivels so quickly that his hair clip finally fails its perpetual struggle to contain
his curls and slumps to one side, clinging nobly to what hair it still can while the rest falls
into Izuku’s face. One-handed, he pushes it back to re-pin it, exposing Hitoshi to the full
force of his grin — a bit delayed, like Hitoshi has legitimately caught him off guard, and
Hitoshi doesn’t feel like he’s losing anything, actually.
It’s a nice moment, so of course Aoyama ruins it.
“Fabuleux!” he cheers, lunging forward like something out of Hitoshi’s nightmares to grab
him and Izuku. Izuku intercepts, clasping both of Aoyama’s hands in his own and leaving
Hitoshi untouched. Aoyama swings their arms around dramatically as he leads the way to the
cafeteria.
Of all people, it’s Todoroki who spots them coming, probably because he’s gazing vacantly
into space instead of participating in the conversation between Izuku’s bird-friend and friendwho-is-a-girl.
“Shinsou,” Todoroki greets.
“Shouto,” Hitoshi hisses through his teeth in return. “Still present and accounted for, I see.”
“I have perfect attendance,” Todoroki confirms.
Hitoshi eyes him critically, still trying to ascertain whether he’s sincerely this out of touch, or
if it’s an act. There is a possibility that Todoroki is actually the funniest bastard Hitoshi has
ever met, and Hitoshi hates it. Todoroki stares blankly back, raises his eyebrows a fraction,
and returns to his meal. Damn it, but he’s good.
“You guys remember Shinsou,” Izuku says. He sits next to Todoroki and braves the sharpness
of Hitoshi’s elbow to pull him down on Izuku’s other side. “Hitoshi, this is Yaoyorozu and
Tokoyami.” Izuku gestures to each of his friends in turn. A dark, jagged shape grabs his hand
as the bird-friend — Tokoyami — spawns a second, birdy-er bird from his sleeve. “And
Kasumi.”
Hitoshi is grateful that Izuku knows him well enough by now not to have expected Hitoshi to
remember these people, because he’s pretty sure he’s never heard these names in his life. He
stares at Kasumi, but has the common decency to try not to be obvious about it. He had been
under the impression that the shadow bird was Tokoyami’s quirk, but Kasumi is a very
human-girl name for a quirk to have. Should Hitoshi ask? Ask what, exactly? Excuse me, but
what are you? Would Izuku kill Hitoshi for being incredibly rude to his friends? Signs point

to possibly. Kasumi forces Izuku’s hand flat to the table with an awful noise that evokes fond
memories of Bastard trying to murder Hitoshi’s pillow at four in the morning.
Best not to risk it, Hitoshi decides, averting his eyes. He’ll figure out what he can through
context clues, but otherwise, he’ll be chill. Hitoshi can be chill — maybe not in general, but
certainly about some things. Kasumi can be one of those things.
“Where’s Mei?” Aoyama asks. Just two words, but they’re enough to activate Hitoshi’s fightor-flight response. Adrenaline spikes his heart rate like it’s a fucking volleyball. Through her
presence alone, Hatsume Mei drains Hitoshi’s social battery so quickly and catastrophically
that she may as well be engaging in biological warfare. For all Hitoshi knows, she is. She
fucking would.
“Who knows,” Yaoyorozu sighs, like she’s talking about a rangy stray, rather than a woman
who should be outlawed under the Geneva Conventions.
“You, usually,” Aoyama points out with a sweet smile.
“Well,” Yaoyorozu says with somehow dignified bluster, completely unaware that she’s being
baited, “someone has to keep an eye on her. She’s probably still in the studio. She’s been a
bit… intense since internships.”
“Izuku broke her babies,” Todoroki explains. As if there’s a single first year in the school
who doesn’t know that, after the scene Hatsume had made when the hero students returned.
“Her babies broke my arm!”
“Broke it a lot,” Hitoshi adds, grimacing at the reminder. “It was super gross.”
Izuku knocks his shoulder into Hitoshi’s, which is bullshit in Hitoshi’s opinion, because he’s
just stating facts. Todoroki, who hadn’t even seen Izuku’s pre-surgery condition, nods in
support of Hitoshi’s words, but notably doesn’t receive the same treatment. Equality is a lie
and justice doesn’t exist.
“That’s my ulna you’re insulting,” Izuku warns, with a scowl that looks more like a pout.
“Gross,” Hitoshi repeats, shoving Izuku off of him and into Todoroki, who catches him and
gives Hitoshi a look. Whatever he’s trying to convey is lost, seeing as this look is
indistinguishable from all his others. “Keep your bones to yourself.”
“You can’t just flash your bones at people, Izuku” Aoyama sighs despairingly. He rests his
chin heavily in his palms and clicks his tongue. “That’s public indecency.”
Hitoshi has a front row seat to watch abject horror dawn on Yaoyorozu’s face. Her reaction to
the innuendo is, in Hitoshi’s opinion, a bit disproportionate — but that’s what makes it so
hilarious. She groans inarticulately and buries her face in her hands.
“I don’t get it,” Kasumi complains over Tokoyami’s dark muttering. Because Kasumi can
talk, apparently. Okay, sure. Why not?

“It’s—”
Izuku lunges for Todoroki, the both of them nearly tumbling backwards off the bench and
onto the floor from the force Izuku uses to get both of his hands over Todoroki’s mouth, even
though this is a rare occasion where Hitoshi kind of wants to hear what Todoroki has to say.
What kind of explanation could a guy like him have for flashing and bones and indecency?
He seems like he’d think babies are delivered by storks.
“We’ll tell you when you’re older!” Izuku blurts, voice squeaking its way through some truly
impressive registers while he stares Todoroki down with wide, frantic eyes. Because Kasumi
is… a child? Apparently? Hitoshi files this information away for later consideration, because
what the fuck?
Izuku sags with a comical amount of relief when Kasumi accepts the deflection. He’s so red
in the face that any embarrassment Hitoshi may have been feeling himself decides that there’s
not enough room for it at the table, leaving him free to laugh at Izuku’s suffering, as is only
appropriate. Aoyama smiles, silent and at peace in the aftermath of the chaos he has sown.
As for Hatsume Mei — wherever the hell she is, she thankfully ends up staying there.

PLAYER 2 5:13
He shouldn’t be hard to find.
PLAYER 2 5:13
click to view attachment

GIRAN 5:32
I dont trust you

PLAYER 2 5:34
You trust many people?

GIRAN 5:37
In this business? Ha. Your a funny guy

PLAYER 2 5:38
*you’re

The children that have claimed the vacant lot between the apartment blocks are not, in the
strictest sense, homeless. Rather, their homes are places that they go to great lengths to
avoid, which amounts to much the same thing. In their search for an escape, they’ve banded
together from across the neighborhood to convert the lot into the labyrinthine fort of junk that
spreads out in front of Atsuhiro now.
“Stop right there!” calls a small girl from where she is sitting watch in the rusted frame of an
abandoned vehicle. She’s a mousy thing with eyes too big for her face, hopefully up to date
on her innoculations, given the petri dish she and all the other children call a playground.
As per her demands, Atsuhiro stops on the sidewalk, a step back from the overgrown grass
and broken glass that demarcates the border of the lot. He is familiar with this song and dance
of psuedo-security. The older children usually ask Atsuhiro something along the lines of
what’s your business here? playing at the formalities of adulthood in a bid for the control that
comes part and parcel.
This girl, though, is a new addition to the pack, young enough that the others have only just
deigned to tolerate her presence. She is still too new, too young, or else too dim to remember
her lines.
She falters, sets her jaw mulishly, and demands, “What d’you want?”
Atsuhiro shows the girl his hands. Vaguely, he thinks he recognizes her from the halls of his
own building, though he hasn’t the faintest clue who she belongs to. Nor is it any concern of
his.
“I bring offerings,” he says. With a flourish, he palms the six marbles he’s carrying into the
gaps between his fingers. The wary skepticism on the girl’s face is easily tempered by
excitement at the trick. “Why don’t you go get one of your bigger friends for me?”
The girl clamors from her seat and runs off, disappearing behind a teetering stack of
appliances, only to return a moment later with another child. This boy is older, perhaps
twelve to the girl’s six, though Atsuhiro wouldn’t stake anything on the accuracy of those
estimations. Still, the boy is old enough, has been here long enough, that he recognizes
Atsuhiro.
Atsuhiro collects gifts for the children idly. He never goes out looking for things, never
intends to take the things he does, but once every week or two, he finds himself pocketing
one trinket or another that he thinks the children will appreciate. Then, a few times a year,
he’ll stop by to deliver what he has gathered.
It’s hardly the charity it appears to be. Such small acts of thievery lack the grand satisfaction
of pulling off a heist, but it soothes the sharp edges of compulsion, all the same. As for the
children themselves, Atsuhiro has no strong feelings for them, either way. But as they crawl

out of the woodwork to watch the show Atsuhiro puts on, to marvel at what he’s brought,
he’ll give credit where it’s deserved — as an audience, they never do disappoint.

At the end of the day, Aoyama drops to his knees next to Yaoyorozu’s desk, taking her hands
in his own before any of them have realized what he’s doing. She flusters, but Aoyama’s firm
grip doesn’t allow her to pull away as he bows his head.
“Yaoyorozu Momo,” he begins in solemn, almost ceremonial tones, “my kind and brilliant
friend. I know it may be hard to believe, and it pains me to admit it, but my academic
performance does not sparkle quite as brightly as everything else about my glorious person.”
He ducks his head a bit lower. Yaoyorozu gapes down at him, red-faced and slack-jawed.
“Help me study? S'il te plaît.”
Izuku blinks. After Aizawa reminded them of their approaching exams, Aoyama had insisted
to Ashido and Kaminari that his grades were just fine, thank you. Having been given access
to a lot of information about his classmates that he probably shouldn’t have access to, Izuku
knew otherwise. But it hadn't occurred to Izuku that Aoyama would just — ask for help, as
easy as that.
It takes Yaoyorozu a long moment to collect herself, but when she does, the first words she
finds are, “Why are you on your knees?” Her mouth curves up into a baffled smile,
seemingly despite herself. “I’d be happy to help, but you need to stand up!”
Aoyama bounces gamely to his feet, a grin in place across his face. He doesn’t release
Yaoyorozu’s hands until he’s made a show of kissing the air above her knuckles. Her giggles
are high-pitched and overwhelmed, kind of goofy in a way she doesn’t usually allow herself
to be — but that’s what Aoyama does, isn’t it? He has a way of breaking down barriers
through sheer absurdity.
“Why do you need to study?” Shouto asks, ruining the moment with an oblivious lack of
malice. “You come to class, don’t you?”
Aoyama sits on top of Izuku’s desk and crosses his legs primly. “It’s a secret,” he says, which
Izuku takes to mean that he has no idea how to respond.
“Shouto,” Izuku says, “that’s not helpful.”
“Oh,” Shouto responds. Later, he will probably ask Izuku for clarification, but for now he
simply tells Aoyama, “Sorry.”
Aoyama sniffs, considers the apology. “Forgiven,” he decides imperiously.
“Could I join as well?” Tokoyami asks Yaoyorozu, a bit stiffly. “I—”

“Of course!” Yaoyorozu agrees, cutting Tokoyami off in her haste. Realizing it, she looks
quietly mortified, but Tokoyami doesn’t seem to mind, inclining his head for her to continue.
“Yes, the more the merrier! Really, we could— we could make an event of it! You’re all
welcome in my home! Maybe this weekend? For a study session! I’ll have mother prepare
the great hall. Oh, I’ll have to restock my tea collection!”
Seeing Yaoyorozu so animated is eye-opening. It makes Izuku reevaluate just how much of
her disposition is natural reservation, and how much is restraint. He knows that her family
has strict ideas around the meaning of propriety, but her lack of inhibition only makes Izuku
want to see her excited more often.
Izuku grins, and Yaoyorozu positively beams back, glowing with a childish excitement that
Izuku can feel echoed in his own heart. They’re going to get together at Yaoyorozu’s house to
study over the weekend. Not for training, or internships, or any other obligation. Just because
they are friends, and they want to.
“Oh,” Izuku realizes. “I— I’m not sure if I’d be allowed, actually. I’m, you know, supposed
to be— be, uh, chaperoned? It would be kind of— weird, to invite Aizawa, or— or Mic, or
Nedzu, huh?” An uncomfortable pause follows Izuku’s explanation. Yaoyorozu bites her lip,
uncertain where she had been so enthusiastic moments before. Izuku’s own excitement
curdles into guilt, and he struggles to fortify his drooping smile. “But you guys should
definitely still do it!”
“…Maybe we could meet at your home,” Yaoyorozu suggests tentatively. “I don’t meant to
intrude, but if there’s a way for your to join us, I think we’d all have a better time. We could
arrange something here at the school, even!”
“Yeah,” Izuku says, feeling a little breathless all of a sudden. The last person to go out of
their way to include him in something had been Kacchan — and that it had been Kacchan
really puts into perspective just how long its been. “Yeah,” Izuku says again, more firmly,
“we could do my— my place. I’ll need to ask, but it shouldn’t be a problem.”
That’s probably a bit of an oversimplification. There will certainly be problems for Aizawa.
Having more of his students in his apartment, in his personal life, is probably his worst
nightmare. Especially when one of those students is a horrible gossip, but Izuku doesn’t think
Aoyama will actually tell Ashido or Kaminari anything about their home life.
Regardless, Izuku is pretty sure that Aizawa won’t try to prevent the get-together. Even if it
makes him hate his life, all he’ll do about it is complain to Mic — who will definitely side
with Izuku, if it comes down to that.
“I’ll bring tea,” Yaoyorozu says with a decisive nod.
“You should invite Shinsou,” Aoyama suggests, looking to Izuku with his chin propped in the
v of his hands.
“I will,” Izuku agrees, because he doesn’t want Hitoshi to question his welcome, “but I doubt
he’ll come.”

“You never know,” Aoyama insists enigmatically, “he might like to be there.”
Aoyama has an uncanny ability to always seem like he knows something no one else does.
Even knowing it’s an act, Izuku still occasionally finds himself questioning it, wondering if
maybe this time is different. But when it comes to Hitoshi, Izuku has no doubt that he’s the
most well-informed party in the room. Very possibly in the world, if Hitoshi’s dad is removed
from the running. It’s probably a silly thing to be proud of, considering that the competition is
virtually non-existent, by Hitoshi’s very intentional design — but maybe that’s exactly why it
means as much to Izuku as it does.
Izuku will extend the invitation, but he knows exactly the reaction he’ll get. Hitoshi is either
going to look at Izuku like he’s stupid, laugh in his face, or push him over. Actually, why
would he chose just one? Hitoshi is almost certainly going to do all three of those things.
“Hitoshi doesn’t like people,” Izuku says with a smile. Shouto, who has also moved into the
exclusive ranks of those who have been allowed to get to know Shinsou Hitoshi, nods.
“Ah,” Aoyama tuts knowingly, “but he likes you.”
Shouto nods some more. Izuku wonders sometimes if that’s just his default reaction — when
he’s not choosing to ignore a conversation altogether, that is.
“Huh,” Izuku says smartly.
And, well, yeah, that makes sense. Of course Hitoshi likes Izuku. Izuku likes him, too. But
dedicating a portion of weekend free time to socializing with Izuku’s other friends is a much
bigger ask than spending a lunch period at a table with them — a concession that Izuku
honestly hadn’t expected, to begin with. No amount of friendship is going to turn Hitoshi into
an extrovert. Izuku wouldn’t want it to.
If Hitoshi did join them, he’d probably spend the whole study session trying to avoid
Aoyama’s attention. Not to mention that he’s still laboring under the misapprehension that it’s
possible to befriend Bast in any conventional, recognizable way. He’d be too distracted by
the cats to get anything done.
“The cats!” Izuku recalls with a gasp. “Are any of you allergic to cats?!”

Chapter End Notes

Katsuki: Hobo-Sensei
Hound Dog: We’re working on the demeaning nicknames, remember?
Katsuki: …Sensei
Hound Dog: Aizawa-Sensei
Katsuki: Who the fuck—??

Tomura: I hate you, I don’t want you here, and I’ll kill you if you so much as look at me
funny
Spinner: Got it
Tomura: Anyway, do you play Smash?
Aoyama: Where’s Mei?
Hitoshi: Dear god. She’s loose.
Aoyama: So you and Shinsou are pretty close, huh?
Izuku: Yeah, we’re friends. He’s admitted it and everything.
Aoyama: Special friends?
Izuku: All my friends are special??????
—————
Next chapter: One for All — Part VIII
Remember when I said that OfA was going to be the longest arc yet? Haha, yeah. We’ve
officially surpassed Brainwashing! Woooo, yaaaay, these are tears of joy, really. The
funniest part is that this arc is called OfA because it’s the exam arc, and exams aren’t
even going to start until PART X. I rue the day I divided my outline into named
“chapters.”

Chapter 50: One for All - Part VIII
Chapter Notes

CW for implied sexual assault. It’s very brief, but I’ve put a few more details in the end
notes if you need them.
Continuing “who the fuck is this person” disclaimer

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Hitoshi doesn’t intend to make a habit of spending lunch with Izuku’s friends, but habits have
an unfortunate tendency of making themselves, when given half a chance. So here he finds
himself — for, like, the fourth time, or something, which is four more times that Hitoshi ever
would have expected — sat by Izuku’s side, scanning the cafeteria periodically for the
impending threat of Hatsume Mei. At the first sign of pink dreadlocks, Hitoshi’s making a
run for it.
“You’re taking it with us, aren’t you, Shinsou?”
At the sound of his name, Hitoshi glances up. Yaoyorozu smiles at him across the table,
friendly. She keeps trying to make him feel included, which would be nice, if not for the fact
that Hitoshi would rather zone out than converse. At least these people aren’t afraid to talk to
him. That’s something, right? He runs back the discussion he was half-listening to.
Aoyama was talking about exams. Yaoyorozu brought up the practical. She’s nervous about
it, apparently. Right, she asked Hitoshi a question. He nods.
“It’s hard not knowing what to expect,” Yaoyorozu continues. “Between basic training, battle
training, and rescue training, I have no idea what to prepare for.”
“Does it make a difference?” Hitoshi asks, glancing towards the cafeteria entrance. He can’t
have Hatsume slipping in while he’s distracted.
“What do you mean?”
“It’s just a different application of the same stuff. The skill sets for rescue and combat heroics
overlap so much that the Venn diagram may as well be a circle. All that changes is how you
react, and that’s not something you can prepare ahead of time, anyway.”
That is, Hitoshi expects, part of the point. Heroes rarely have time to create and enact
elaborate plans. What strategizing they do, they do on the fly. It’s the ability to respond
quickly and effectively that draws the line between life and death.

Hitoshi remembers Hosu, the way Aizawa braced them moments before the train went off the
tracks; the way he targeted the Hero Killer with unerring precision, seconds after taking in
the scene. The way everyone stood when Izuku was taken, dumbstruck, frozen in place. The
way not a single one of them were fast enough.
None of them were prepared.
“I’ve never looked at it like that,” Yaoyorozu says thoughtfully. Hitoshi shakes Hosu out of
his head. Shitty memories don’t get to live there rent-free. “I suppose physical knowledge is
much more cumulative than academic knowledge, less broken into discrete pieces that can be
independently memorized or forgotten. You know, that actually eases my nerves a little.
Thank you, Shinsou.”
“Sure,” Hitoshi says, scanning the cafeteria yet again to avoid Yaoyorozu’s earnest gaze.
Eases her nerves? Seriously?
Sensing Hitoshi’s discomfort, Izuku snorts softly. Hitoshi’s not about to let that bit of
mockery slide, but it’s as he’s gearing up to show Izuku the true meaning of regret that
Hitoshi notices Monoma. As a general rule, Hitoshi would rather not notice Monoma — ever,
at all — but he’s drifting their way with a placid smirk on his face, his elbow sticking out
conspicuously from his side.
Much like that time Hitoshi punched Monoma in the face — and what a good time that was
— Hitoshi doesn’t really think before he acts. Broadcasting his intentions so clearly makes
Monoma painfully easy to intercept. Hitoshi’s knuckles, carried by Monoma’s momentum,
rap against Izuku’s skull, knocking him forward just slightly. He huffs, turning an irritated
glare Hitoshi’s way before realizing that Hitoshi is his hero, actually, and Izuku owes him an
apology for assuming the worst.
“Careful,” Hitoshi warns. “Wouldn’t want anyone to get hurt.”
“Sorry,” Monoma replies insincerely. That he’s insincere should go without saying, probably.
“His head is so big it’s hard to avoid.”
Hitoshi looks at his hand, manacled around Monoma’s forearm, and remembers that the guy
has a copy quirk. Hitoshi had intervened mostly on reflex, and partly because of some weird
protective-possessive instinct that he doesn’t want to examine in polite company — but it’s a
good thing he did. What would even happen if Monoma copied Izuku’s quirk? Nothing good.
At best, nothing at all, which would invite unwanted questions. At worst, Monoma would
explode, which would make a mess.
Also, that would be really fucked up. Hitoshi knows. He shakes Hosu off again.
“I’m s-sorry,” Izuku says. “Have we met?”
“Monoma Neito,” Aoyama introduces before Monoma can launch into whatever monologue
he practiced in front of the mirror this morning. “He’s in class 1-B.”
“I know who he is,” Izuku replies. “We’ve just never t-talked.”

“Well, of course not!” Monoma says, waving a dismissive hand. “A member of the esteemed
class A stooping so low as to speak with their class B counterparts? It’s unheard of! Though,
I must say, 1-A is clearly lowering their standards, if they’ve accepted someone who needs
their gen-ed boyfriend to protect them.”
The implication that Izuku can’t defend himself is so absurd that Hitoshi actually laughs out
loud, dropping Monoma’s arm to repeated slap Izuku’s shoulder, because he needs to share
the world’s funniest joke with someone. Izuku seems more amused by Hitoshi’s laughter than
anything else, because he’s got a terrible sense of humor, apparently. Todoroki, though, snorts
under his breath, so Hitoshi reaches around Izuku to hit him, instead.
“He’s transferring soon,” Izuku says, as if Hitoshi’s admission into 1-A is already set in stone
and not something he could massively fumble in any number of ways.
“Oh?” Monoma glances between Izuku and Hitoshi. “Lowered standards, indeed.”
“Not that there’s anything wrong with being in general education,” Yaoyorozu interjects,
stern behind her perpetual veil of politeness. “UA’s general studies program is one of the best
ranked in the country. Academically, they’re actually held to a much higher standard.”
“Ah, je vois,” Aoyama says, claiming everyone’s attention with a snap of his fingers. “That
would make Shinsou smarter than you, as well as stronger, non? Since he won your match
during the sports festival.” Aoyama counters Monoma’s increasingly strained smile with a
bright, unassuming grin of his own.
All it once, it occurs to Hitoshi that he is being defended. Huh. That’s new.
A brutally efficient chop to the neck silences whatever rebuttal Monoma may have launched.
“You can’t keep complaining about 1-A being rude when you start fights like this,” his
assailant scolds as he crumples like a paper doll. She swipes his tray from his hands before it
can spill across the ground, and mercifully catches Monoma by back of his shirt instead of
letting him faceplant into the linoleum.
“Thank you, Kendo,” Yaoyorozu says while the newcomer — Kendo, presumably —
deposits Monoma into an empty chair at the neighboring table.
“Of course,” she says, smiling apologetically. “I’m sorry about him, really. I take my eyes off
him for a second and he’s causing problems.”
“C’est bien,” Aoyama assures. “Bakugou does that even when we’re watching him.”
A few tables down, Bakugou is minding his own business in an astonishing display of
character development, but he regresses immediately when one of his group, the pink one,
gleefully relays Aoyama’s words. “Say that to my face, fucker!” Bakugou yells, like they are
on opposite sides of the cafeteria rather than a few tables removed from one another.
Aoyama stands serenely, smoothing down his shirt. “It seems I have business to attend to. Au
revoir for now.” And with a parting nod to his friends, Aoyama prances over to insult
Bakugou to his face.

“Well,” Kendo says, watching Aoyama go with a mystified tilt to her brows, “we’ve both got
our fire starters, I guess. The stress has been getting to Monoma, I think. Exams, you know?
You guys were talking about the practical earlier, right?”
“We were,” Yaoyorozu confirms, nodding.
Hitoshi nods along. “And you were eavesdropping, apparently,” he adds. Kendo’s eyes widen
as she glances his way, like she is somehow only noticing him now. Izuku kicks him in the
shin.
“Oh, no,” Kendo flusters, shaking her head when she processes the accusation hidden behind
Hitoshi’s flat delivery. “It’s not like that. We were sitting there,” she points back towards the
unconscious Monoma, “and I happened to hear, is all. But about the exam — I asked an older
student I know, and they told me that it’s going to be like the entrance exam. We’ll be
fighting the robots again, so they can see how we’ve improved.”
Izuku grabs Hitoshi by the shoulder and squeezes hard. Hitoshi takes a long breath through
his nose, leans back against the table behind him, clenches his jaw as tight as he can. He’s
fine.
“That makes—”
“God fucking damn it!” Hitoshi bursts. Yaoyorozu, cut off mid-sentence, blinks at him,
shocked. She’d go from shocked to appalled real fast if Hitoshi started beating his head
against the table like he wants, but Izuku still has a restraining hold on him, tight enough that
Hitoshi’s probably going to end up with a five-point star of bruises.
“You’re fine,” Izuku says, orders almost. Unfortunately, Hitoshi’s already tried that, to no
result. He is decidedly not fine. He may, in fact, never be fine again.
“Robots!” he shouts, throwing up his free arm and trying, ineffectually, to pull the other from
Izuku’s grip.
“They—”
“Robots, Izuku!”
“Why are you yelling about it?” Todoroki asks blandly.
Izuku yanks Hitoshi close before he can maul Todoroki to death. “Hitoshi! They’re not doing
robots this year!” he hisses loudly near Hitoshi’s ear.
Hitoshi blinks. He pulls away enough to meet Izuku’s eyes, and then a bit further because
holy shit that’s close. “Well,” he says, perfectly level. “Why didn’t you say so?”
“Oh my god,” Izuku rolls his eyes, shoving Hitoshi back. “You’re an ass.”
“I can be no one other than who I am,” Hitoshi agrees unrepentantly.

Thoughtlessly, he rubs his shoulder, which Izuku immediately fixates on, grimacing like he
has done something unforgivable. Hitoshi will be damned if he feeds Izuku’s ravenous guilt
complex, so he drops his hand and successfully pretends that his shoulder doesn’t ache in the
slightest. Really, it’s just a little sore. Not nearly as bad as that time Izuku picked Hitoshi up
and chucked him. Or that time Hitoshi made Izuku shred the shit out of his shoulder muscles.
Actually, why do they keep trading shoulder injuries?
“What do you mean they’re not doing robots this year?” Kendo asks. Izuku turns towards her,
oddly surprised by the question. Then again, it didn’t even occur to Hitoshi to question him,
so maybe the surprise is warranted.
“The robots are— They’re biased, inefficient, and all around b-beneath the standards UA
should be setting.”
“They fucking suck,” Hitoshi summarizes.
“I don’t know about all that,” Kendo says, “but they’ve always done the robots. What makes
you think they’d change it?”
“I, uh,” Izuku ducks his head, tugging at the ends of his hair. “I have l-lessons with Nedzu a
few times a week. So I have, um— i-insider information, kind of?”
“Principal Nedzu told you about the practical?” Kendo asks, like she’s not sure whether she
should be scandalized or not. Yaoyorozu suffers no such indecision.
“No, no! He didn’t t-tell me anything. Nedzu wouldn’t do that.” Kendo nods, relieved.
Yaoyorozu’s disapproving frown turns somewhat perplexed. “That would be too easy.”
“So, what are they doing this year?” Hitoshi asks, unthrown while the others puzzle silently
through Izuku’s implication. The only people who think that Nedzu fosters a morally upright
learning environment are people who have never met him — which just so happens to be
most of the school, but Hitoshi knows better.
Izuku smiles, sharp and sly, contrasting with the bright flush still painted across his cheeks.
He goes from meek to menacing fast enough to give a person whiplash. And by person,
Hitoshi means Kendo. The rest of them are used to it.

PLAYER 2 19:21
click to view attachment

GIRAN 19:44
What are you getting out of this

PLAYER 2 19:45
The gratification of a job well done?

GIRAN 19:46
Bullshit. You want something

PLAYER 2 19:59
Doesn’t everyone?

The owner of the club speaks slowly, patronizing in the way of a man who’s done too little
work and gotten too much money in exchange. He’s awful tiny to be talking down to anyone,
but men don’t need a reason to think they’re above women. How gender affirming, to be
included.
“If someone is causing problems inside, you throw them out,” the owner says. “If someone is
causing problems outside, it’s not our fucking problem.”
“Yeah, yeah,” Magne says, snuffing her cigarette on the table. Ash clings to the sticky residue
around the scorch mark melted into the pocked lacquer. “I heard you the first time.”
“Yet you haven’t listened.”
“Try saying something worth listening to,” Magne advises.
The little man puffs up indignantly, but what’s he going to do about it? Fire her? Sure, he
could, but he needs her more than she needs him. Any seedy joint in the city would be happy
to hire her. With biceps like hers, Magne doesn’t need references.
“My break’s over,” she announces, flicking the butt of her cigarette in the direction of the
man she refuses to call her boss. Sure as shit ain’t no boss of her when she could snap him in
half single-handed. One hearty slap to the back sends him stumbling, and Magne doesn’t
bother disguising her laugh. “Nice talk.”
She returns to her place against the wall, keeping her eyes on the pair at the bar, thankful they
hadn’t left during all that posturing. The woman has her hand on the man’s shoulder, her
temple resting on her knuckles less like a cute embrace and more like she can’t hold her head
up. Magne doesn’t know if the two came in together. Not that friends are any safer than
strangers, really.

Stubble catches under Magne’s nails when she scratches at her jaw. She should shave, but
she’s sick of cutting something that always grows back. Never feels like it’s getting her
anywhere.
The man wraps an arm around the woman’s waist to help her stand. Once he gets her on her
feet, he leads her, stumbling, through the crowd to the fire exit. Damned thing hasn’t had a
working alarm attached since ever. Magne taps another cigarette out of the crumpled box she
keeps in her back pocket, rolling it between her lips as she watches them go.
It could be nothing.
Could be, but it rarely is.
Somebody told Magne once that womanhood is fear. And maybe, to that woman, it was. And
maybe Magne will never know the fear of being a pretty little thing alone at a bar, but she has
felt the fear of trying to exist quietly, and she has felt the fear of daring to be loud. She feels it
everyday, and she dares anyway. See, if womanhood is fear, then being a woman is the
bravest thing anyone can do.
Someone told Magne that she was brave, once.
She cracks her knuckles and makes for the fire exit.

On a Saturday afternoon, two weeks before the start of exams, Izuku steals the electric kettle
from the kitchen. Or rather, he has Kasumi steal it, because Aizawa keeps it on top of the
cupboard, which is fine for very tall adults, but not very considerate to the short teenagers
that live with them.
When Izuku’s friends arrived, Aizawa had laid down the rules — don’t get too loud, don’t let
Kasumi pet the cats without supervision, don’t let anyone pet Bastard, don’t touch any of his
weird fruit squeeze packets — and then he promptly went into hiding. With Mic unable to
skip his shift at the radio station, Izuku had expected Aizawa to stay as far removed from his
invading students as the smallish apartment would allow, but that assumption failed to
consider Aizawa’s uncanny sixth sense for shenanigans.
“What are you doing?” he asks, suddenly standing in the living room, watching them over the
kitchen island like he has been there the whole time. Izuku nearly brains himself in his mad
scramble to get down from where he is kneeling on the counter.
“Theft,” Kasumi cheerfully informs, holding the bright yellow kettle aloft. Tokoyami,
dragged along for the ride, looks wordlessly at the incriminating collection of mugs bundled
precariously in his hands.

“Yaoyorozu brought tea,” Izuku says, trying not to sound like he’s confessing to a crime.
Aizawa stares at him, unimpressed. They both know that Izuku is guilty of aiding and
abetting, at least.
“This is a coffee household,” Aizawa says flatly.
“Tokoyami doesn’t drink coffee!”
“I like coffee,” Kasumi says.
“I know,” Tokoyami sighs. He passes a couple of the mugs he is juggling to Izuku and takes
the kettle from Kasumi before she can stick her entire head inside. “That’s why I don’t drink
it.”
Izuku isn’t quite sure how Kasumi nourishes herself — she likes to steal food, but he has
never seen her eat a full meal. He suspects that she is, for lack of a better word, parasitizing
Tokoyami, which would make their diets functionally identical. Watching Kasumi mold
herself into a thin noodle of shadow in an attempt to sneak into the kettle through its spout,
Izuku understands why Tokoyami avoids stimulants.
Aizawa must acknowledge this practicality as well, because he turns away with a sigh and
says, “Get out of my sight.”
After an awkward delay spent filling the kettle at the sink, Izuku gladly does just that. Back
in his room, Aoyama has dumped the contents of Yaoyorozu’s tote bag onto the ground. She
gathers the scattered tea, organizing her collection neatly in front of her while Aoyama
investigates the games and bottles that have spilled out among the boxes. Izuku plugs the
kettle in and sets it to boil before taking his seat on the ground between Aoyama and
Yaoyorozu, Tokoyami closing the circle across from him.
“What’s this?” Aoyama asks, holding a sky blue nail polish up to the light, halfway between
himself and Izuku so Izuku can lean over to examine it as well. “Did you come here with
ulterior motives, Yaoyorozu?”
“It’s silly,” Yaoyorozu says, without looking up. She stacks one box of herbal tea on top of
another, nudging them until their corners are perfectly aligned. After a long moment of
needless adjusting, she admits in an uncharacteristic mumble, “It reminds me of the crystal in
your belt.”
“Vraiment?” Aoyama examines the polish with new delight. “It does match my aesthetic
nicely.”
Izuku picks up one of the other bottles, a deep indigo that shimmers through the glass.
Yaoyorozu grabs it right out of his hand, gathering the other bottles off the ground, cradling
them all in her lap, where they knock together with a series of sharp tinks. Aoyama scoots out
of her reach, the smell of acetone filling the air as he uncaps the bottle in his possession to
swatch the color on his thumbnail. Yaoyorozu watches him, vacillating for a moment before
she selects a red polish from the little pile and places it in the middle of their circle. Then she
does the same with the indigo, and finally a lavender.

As she presents each, handling them carefully by the cap, she says, “This one is the same
Izuku’s shoes, and the red he uses in his costume. This one is the darkest I have, and it’s a
little iridescent, like black feathers can be. And this one matches Shinsou’s hair. When I
asked him if he was coming, he said he’d think about it. He was being sarcastic, I think, but I
brought it just in case.” With each bottle Yaoyorozu puts down, her blush deepens, and as
soon as her hands are empty, she hides behind them.
Izuku accepts that they’re not going to get any more studying done today. They’d been at it
all morning — Izuku explaining concepts to Aoyama in French, because he still understands
things better in his first language, no matter how excellent his Japanese is; Yaoyorozu making
little toys to occupy Kasumi so Tokoyami can get some reading done without his sister
demanding his attention; Yaoyorozu and Tokoyami tag-teaming to check Izuku’s algebra,
making no mention of the fact that it’s all stuff they must have learned at least a year ago.
They still have plenty left to do if they want to be prepared for their finals, but they can do
that another day. They’ve earned a break.
Izuku plucks the purple polish from the line. “Can I use this one?” he asks, waving it in front
of Yaoyorozu until she parts her fingers to see what he’s talking about. “I do like red, but I
really want to see Hitoshi’s reaction.”
“That poor boy,” Aoyama says sadly. Apparently satisfied with the color Yaoyorozu selected
for him, he’s set about painting each of his nails with a confidence that suggest familiarity.
“He deserves everything he gets,” Izuku says. “He got me tangled in his capture weapon
yesterday, you know. It took Aizawa nearly five minutes to get me down from the rafters.” It
had actually been a pretty entertaining interlude, even if Izuku wishes he hadn’t gotten stuck
upside down. He shakes his bottle at Yaoyorozu again, hears the faint clink of a metal bead
bouncing around inside. “Do you mind painting them for me? My hands shake.”
“I’ll paint Fumi’s!” Kasumi says, abandoning the model airplane that she had been gleefully
crashing into the side of Izuku’s bed. Tokoyami reaches for the blackest bottle available, but
Kasumi darts past him. “Red!” she declares maniacally. “Like the blood of our enemies!”
“She’s going to make a mess,” Tokoyami tells Izuku under her cackling, half warning, half
preemptive apology.
“That’s fine. The carpet is already full of, uh. Penis confetti.”
“Excuse me?”
Izuku just shakes his head. At this point, he has become desensitized to the phallic plague
that Midnight unleashed upon their home. Any mess Kasumi makes, Izuku can clean. Nail
polish won’t get into Lucy’s fur, at least, so long as he stays up on the bed until it dries, and
the bottles all say that that only takes ten minutes. Still, Yaoyorozu helpfully pulls a few
small sheets from her arm to lay across the carpet before taking one of Izuku’s hands in her
own.
She starts with his right, having him spread his fingers across the hard back of one of their
textbooks. Izuku watches as she hunches over, brows drawn together in concentration. He’s

never painted his nails before. His mother had her nails painted in some of the pictures Aunt
Mitsuki gave him, but she must have stopped doing that some time after Izuku was born. He
remembers the few bottles of polish in her medicine cabinet, old enough that the caps crusted
on and the glitter separated out, because she never touched them.
It’s an odd sensation. He can’t actually feel the touch of the brush, but the cold of the polish
follows in its wake, seeping down into his nail beds. Yaoyorozu winces whenever she gets a
bit on his skin, which is more or less unavoidable with how short Izuku’s nails are, bitten
down so habitually that he doesn’t even notice when he does it.
“Thank you,” Yaoyorozu says, moving from one finger to the next. “For humoring me.”
“Thank you for being silly,” he says back. “I’ve never— I never really got to be silly, before.”
Yaoyorozu nods. She stares intently at Izuku’s hand, but the way she’s biting her lip says that
her thoughts are elsewhere. When she moves on to his left hand, she turns it over in hers, just
barely brushing her fingers over the livid scar impaling his palm. He can hardly feel the
touch. His right hand is actually quite steady, especially in comparison to the pronounced
tremor of his left, but Yaoyorozu doesn’t comment on the difference as she pinches one of his
fingers to keep it still.
“I can be silly, if that’s what you need,” she says. Had they been sitting any further apart,
Izuku wouldn’t have been able to hear her over the carnage Kasumi is wreaking. “But I can
be serious, too. I’d like to be.”
There’s a tendency in most people to equate seriousness with importance. The more serious
something is, the more it matters. Most people don’t understand how, sometimes, when
everything is serious, it’s the things that matter the least that end up meaning the most.
“I know,” Izuku says, instead of trying to explain. He doesn’t think he can, anyway. “Thanks,
Yaoyorozu.”
“You could call me Momo, if you’d like.” Immediately, she is justifying the offer, like she
can’t tolerate the thought of it standing on it’s own. “I’ve been using your first name since we
met, after all.”
Izuku’s situation is distinctly different. From his perspective, he no longer has a surname to
go by — but he doesn’t point that out. He knows what it’s like, to want something while
feeling unable to ask for it.
Izuku smiles for her. “I’d like that, Momo.”

PLAYER 2 16:14
Are you even reading these?

PLAYER 2 18:22
click to view attachment

GIRAN 19:25
I dont trust you but im not gonna waste good info
GIRAN 19:26
Your thorough

PLAYER 2 19:30
*you’re

The kitten is a disgusting little mongrel, all patchy fur, rheumy eyes, and flea-bitten ears. If
there was any kindness in the world, it would already be dead. It never would have been
born. Its very existence is a burden on the world.
Twice adores the creature with every single bit of himself, including the parts loudly insisting
that he hates it, actually. It mewls. Pathetically. Adorably. Its little body is hot and greasy in
his hands.
“You’ll like my place,” Twice tells the kitten. Its claws hook weakly in his shirt when it
squirms. “It’s a dump!”
Twice doesn’t know where the keys to his apartment are. He had them, and then he didn’t. He
doesn’t think he lost them. They must have gotten lost all on their own. But that’s not really
important, because he hasn’t known where his keys are for over a week, which means its
been over a week since he busted the deadbolt on his door. Without the lock to hold it shut,
Twice’s weight is enough to make the loose latch give in. He doesn’t even need to turn the
knob. It’s convenient! He’s never getting his security deposit back.
As he presses his back to the door — his back, so he doesn’t squish his precious cargo — one
of his neighbors steps out of her own apartment. She’s a nice young woman, who nods at
Twice when she sees him but otherwise barely spares him a glance, even when the pieces of
himself start arguing out loud, for everyone to hear.
Today, she spares him not only a first glance but a second.
“Is that a cat?” she asks, locking her door with the key she hasn’t lost. She probably thinks
that makes her better than him or something. Entitled bitch.
“Yes. No. Maybe,” Twice says in quick succession. “What about it?”

“Where did you get it?”
“Outside.”
“You just picked it up and decided to bring it home.” She’s not exactly asking a question, but
yes, that’s exactly what he did. Except no, because he didn’t really decide anything. He just
did it. She also left out the part where he chased the kitten down. She doesn’t need to know
about that part. Should he tell her? “Do you have any of the things it needs? A litter box?
Food?”
“I don’t need any of that stuff! I can go to the store.”
She hesitates, glancing at her watch. “Mr. Bubaigawara…”
Wait, is she talking to him? That’s right; he’s not got his mask on. He’s Jin, then. Or he’s
supposed to be. He hates being Jin. He’s never sure if he’s doing it right. Would Jin be
offended by her tone? Twice is.
“I can take care of it!” he defends, holding the kitten a little closer to his chest. His neighbor
watches him doubtfully. She is going to argue with him. She’s going to say that he’s wrong.
She’s going to call him stupid. He glares at her and spits, “I can’t even take care of myself!”
The kitten squeaks when Twice holds it a bit too tightly. He wants to bring it everywhere with
him. He wants to keep it in his pocket. He wants to squeeze it until it pops. He wants to never
ever let go.
He puts it back where he found it.

“I want Izuku,” Nedzu says, before the door has even closed behind Yagi. Shouta kicks a
chair out, but doesn’t look away from the rat.
“No.”
“Why not? Wouldn’t it be logical for me to personally evaluate my personal student?”
“This is a pair assessment,” Shouta counters, refusing to give any ground. “It would be
unethical to expose another student to that level of psychological warfare.”
Nedzu hums, tapping a claw against his mouth. It clicks faintly against his incisors. Finally,
he sighs. “I concede the point. Give me Shinsou.”
“You can have him,” Shouta agrees, readily throwing his protégé to the proverbial wolves.
Negotiating with Nedzu is always risky, snatching compromises right out of his teeth. Two of
Shouta’s students were inevitably going to be sacrificed to appease Nedzu. Shinsou has a
better odds of survival than most. “I want him partnered with Kaminari.”

“That’s acceptable,” Nedzu says, all benign benevolence, as if he isn’t going to put those kids
through hell. Shouta hates that he has been made complicit.
Yagi sits quietly through the stand-off with his shoulders hunched, shrinking further in on
himself than his injuries can account for. Tentatively, he raises a hand and waits to be
acknowledged.
“Yes, Yagi?” Nedzu prompts.
Yagi clears his throat, folding his hands in his lap. “I would like Midoriya,” he ventures,
glancing conspicuously towards Shouta, but refusing to look at him directly. “If that’s
alright?”
“What a fabulous idea!” Nedzu cheers, clapping his paws together. “We could pair him with
Bakugou!”
Yagi coughs explosively. The continuous darting of his eyes in Shouta’s direction grows more
frantic. “I, uh.” He coughs again, and wipes blood from the corner of his mouth.
Shouta sighs. “It makes sense,” he admits grudgingly. He grabs a box of tissues from the
bookshelf and tosses it at Yagi’s head in advance of the man’s next fit. “Not him,” Shouta
elaborates, holding a hand up to physically block any further bad-faith arguments Nedzu
might present. “We’re going to ignore him until he starts taking this seriously.”
Yagi looks from Shouta to Nedzu, visibly questioning whether he can actually do as Shouta
says. Shouta forgets that Nedzu, technically, gets the ultimate say over everything that
happens at UA, including Shouta’s employment — and Yagi’s. Having a boss must be a
foreign concept for Yagi, one he still isn’t clear on the ins and outs of, evidently. Not that
Nedzu is a conventional employer, by any means, but Yagi lacks the experience to know that.
“Realistically,” Shouta begins, entirely comfortable disrespecting Nedzu’s authority after
years of doing so, “you and I are the only suitable match-ups for Izuku, and he’s too familiar
with my fighting style. I’m more concerned with who we’re going to partner with him.”
“Bakugou—”
“Any ideas?” Shouta asks. With his hand still in the air between them, he can’t see Nedzu’s
responding pout, and as long as he can’t see it, he can pretend it doesn’t exist. The rat has no
right looking like a child who’s been denied their favorite toy. It makes Shouta’s skin crawl.
“I think Todoroki would be a good fit,” Yagi proposes.
Shouta is easily Yagi’s biggest detractor among UA faculty, but even he will admit that the
man is not entirely incompetent, despite frequent appearances to the contrary. Assessing his
students’ strengths and weaknesses during their heroics exercises comes naturally to him, his
feedback surprisingly insightful, even if he needs lessons of his own before he’ll be able to
effectively implement those observations into any kind of teaching.

“I prefer not to pair students with their friends,” Shouta says, “but he might be our best
option. It’s not an unproductive pairing.”
“If I may ask,” Yagi hedges, “how are you evaluating the pairings?”
The unexpected question raises Yagi ever so slightly in Shouta’s esteem. Chief among his
myriad reasons for disliking Yagi is the man’s disinterest in self-improvement. Despite
acknowledging his own flaws and mistakes, Yagi shows little inclination to actively pursue
his own betterment. Case in point: his teaching.
“A good pairing is one that challenges both students, forcing them to confront a weakness,
while simultaneously supplying the tools to overcome it,” Shouta explains, with far more
patience than he usually allocates for Yagi. Good questions deserve good answers, and far be
it for Shouta to discourage the rare interest in learning something. “Take Shinsou and
Kaminari. Shinsou’s most urgent issue is his antagonistic dislike of his peers. Kaminari’s is
his tendency to ignore the full scope of his skills in favor of immediately resorting to what
should be a nuclear option.
“As loud and energetic as he is, Kaminari will immediately have Shinsou on the back foot,
but Kaminari is also a social chameleon who’s unlikely to overwhelm Shinsou completely.
Since Shinsou has never trained with the majority of 1-A, Kaminari will be starting with a
clean slate, which will hopefully enable him to explore less self-destructive applications of
his quirk. Even discounting Brainwashing’s ability to counteract quirk dysfunction in others,
Shinsou is creative, and he spends too much time with Izuku. He’ll be able to think of a
dozen different ways to make Kaminari useful without him over-exerting himself.”
“I see,” Yagi says, hand on his chin. “You’ve put a lot of thought into this.”
“I’m their teacher.”
“So Midoriya and Todoroki… Todoroki likes to start and end his encounters with a single,
powerful blow. He brute forces his way through most scenarios, and since force is the only
method he uses, he rarely respects what his physically weaker classmates can contribute.”
“That’s one reason I’d like to put him with someone other than Izuku,” Shouta says,
refraining from tossing in a comment about the hypocrisy of Yagi criticizing someone for
relying on brute force. “In a cooperative scenario, Todoroki will be willing to defer to Izuku,
as the objectively strongest member of the class by most metrics. That kind of circumstantial
partnership isn’t actually teaching him anything.” Shouta sighs and rubs his temples. Granted,
Todoroki’s lack of team spirit doesn’t need fixing as urgently as Shinsou’s. Shinsou is
willfully uncooperative — he has an obstinate distaste for people and resents any interaction
he perceives as obligatory. Todoroki, in contrast, simply doesn’t seem to understand how to
interact with his peers. If Shouta’s correct in that deduction, then socialization is the only
solution, and that’s already under way. “He’ll still be forced to think more dynamically,
especially if it’s you they’re fighting, and Izuku’s emphasis on strategy will reinforce that.
“And as for Izuku, he still hesitates too much. He won’t be able to do that against you. And
he’s somehow gained Todoroki’s unconditional loyalty, which minimizes how much Izuku
will hold back out of concern for eliciting a negative reaction from his allies.”

“The two of them together have the best chance of getting past me.” Yagi’s thoughtful
consideration crumbles into sheepishness. “Ah, not to imply—”
“You’re the number one hero,” Shouta interrupts bluntly. “It’s not arrogant to imply that you
have the advantage in a fight against two fifteen-year-olds, even accounting for your health
issues and the compensatory measures we’ve built into the exam.” Yagi nods, sheepish now
for having been rebuked.
“Now,” Shouta continues, turning again towards Nedzu. “Do you have any actual ideas as to
what to do about Bakugou?”
Nedzu grins at being brought back into the conversation. His sneakers squeak against the
table as he rocks up on his toes. “Oh, yes. I certainly do.”

Chapter End Notes

CW — implied sexual assault
From an outsider’s perspective, it is implied that a man has drugged a woman at a bar
and intends to take advantage of her. The person watching intends to intervene. Nothing
is shown.
—————
To everyone who expected Hitoshi to join the study group to spend more time with
Izuku: wholesomely optimistic of you, but he's got LIMITS, people. He reacted to the
invitation exactly as Izuku predicted.
Izuku: *sneaks off to spend lunch with Hitoshi*
Hitoshi: *defends Izuku from Monoma*
Aoyama: This is the true gay agenda
Kendo: I was told that they use robots for—
Hitoshi: Don’t speak that word in my presence.
Kendo: What word? Robots?
Hitoshi: So you have chosen death.
Izuku: Nedzu would never give me information about exams.
Kendo: Right, of course. The principal would never help you cheat.
Izuku: Exactly! He expects me to cheat on my OWN!
Izuku: Look, my nail polish matches your hair!
Hitoshi: *gay confusion*
Aizawa: Nedzu is causing problems on purpose. Ignore him.
All Might: …Is that allowed?
Aizawa: If he tries to fire you, just ignore him
—————

Next Part: One for All - Part IX

Chapter 51: One for All - Part IX
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

When Aizawa gave Hitoshi a replica of his own capture weapon, Hitoshi had felt, for the first
time, like someone really had faith in him. Weapons like that aren’t easy to produce, and it
takes time and dedication to achieve even a passing level of proficiency with them, but
Aizawa had decided that Hitoshi could learn. He had decided that Hitoshi was worth
teaching. It had been an outside investment in a future that Hitoshi had only ever believed in
alone.
When Hitoshi is given Hatsume’s prototype voice modulator, it strikes him that he is no
longer grasping blindly at that future. He is holding it in his hands. A little piece of the hero
he intends to be, already tangible. He’s going to save lives with this thing, someday.
In its current form, the modulator is bulky, a bit too heavy to wear comfortably. It’s unlikely
to be of any use during the practical exam, and Hitoshi won’t even be able to test it properly
when all his training is done against the same two people. But it’s real, and it’s his, and it’s
cool as fuck.
Hitoshi pokes at the electronics in the cavity of the modulator, nudging a loop of wire that
presses against his nose when he wears the mouthpiece. He should ask Hatsume how it
works. If he’s going to have support gear, he doesn’t want to be completely reliant on a
technician to keep it running. Especially not if that technician is Hatsume Mei. She showed
up in the cafeteria the other day to harass Yaoyorozu into creating some kind of polymer or
something, and he still hasn’t recovered from the encounter. If she shoves her tits in Hitoshi’s
face one more time, he’s bound to snap.
“It’s a good idea,” Aizawa says, standing over Hitoshi and nodding at the gadget in his hands.
Such direct praise is rare from Aizawa — suspiciously rare. Hitoshi automatically glances
around for Izuku, but doesn’t see him anywhere in the gym. Alone then, Hitoshi eyes Aizawa
warily, uncomfortably aware of just how little time they have actually spent together one-onone, without Izuku to act as a buffer.
“We need to talk,” Aizawa says.
“Hasn’t anyone ever told you that that’s an awful way to start a conversation?” Hitoshi asks,
masking his reflexive alarm behind flat affectation.
“Mic. Many times.”
“You should listen to him.”
Aizawa’s eye twitches subtly in his otherwise rigid face. “If I need to talk to someone, that’s
what I’m going to say.”

Hitoshi considers pressing his luck, as is his nature, but ultimately decides against it. Aizawa
is one of very few adults in Hitoshi’s life that Hitoshi actually respects, and it’s a bit
embarrassing, just how badly he wants Aizawa to respect him back. Normally that wouldn’t
deter Hitoshi from, well — being himself, but there is something oddly intimidating about
having Aizawa’s complete and exclusive attention.
“Talk then,” Hitoshi says, very respectably. Aizawa takes a seat on the same level of the
bleachers, resting his elbows on his knees with an old-man exhale masquerading as a sigh.
Hitoshi, on his best behavior, doesn’t even mock him for it.
“You’ll be taking your transfer exam soon. How are you feeling?”
“I’m feeling,” Hitoshi quotes. Aizawa squints at him, unblinking despite the redness of his
eyes. Hitoshi wants to roll his own eyes so badly that it physically hurts to resist. When
Hitoshi resolved to be on his best behavior less than one whole minute ago, he hadn’t
expected it to be so hard. “Surprisingly fine. I’m nervous,” he admits stiffly, “but Midoriya
thinks I’ll pass.”
“And what do you think?”
“I think that I’ve already had this conversation with my dad and my therapist,” Hitoshi says
dryly. The subsequent silence is expectant. Hitoshi sighs. “Fine, whatever. I think that I have
as much training as the rest of them, at this point. If we’re fighting staff instead of robots,”
Hitoshi watches Aizawa carefully for a reaction, a slip that will confirm Izuku’s suspicions,
but gets nothing, “I’m in as good a position as I ever will be. If I can’t make that work, then
—” Hitoshi shrugs. He tries to reserve feeling like inanimate objects for times when he is
particularly sleep deprived, but the solid five hours he got the night before apparently aren’t
enough to prevent tin-can-esque feelings from rising in him at the thought of failure. He turns
his voice modulator over in his hands, a physical reminder of how far he has come.
“Then I’ll figure something else out,” Hitoshi resolves. He’s a much stronger person than he
was two months ago. He turns the tables. “And what about you? You’re the one teaching me.
Do you think I can do it?”
Aizawa’s stare is flat, as unimpressed as ever. There is nothing proud or encouraging about
him. Hitoshi wonders if there’s a single nurturing bone in the man’s body. Maybe he spat
them all out like baby teeth and left them in his apartment for Izuku’s exclusive use.
“I wouldn’t still be teaching you if I didn’t.” Aizawa sounds like he thinks Hitoshi is stupid
for even asking. It makes Hitoshi feel a little warm inside. “It won’t be easy, but you’ve put
in the work.”
It seems like ages ago that Hitoshi had resented Aizawa’s decision to delay his transfer. He
hadn’t seen the weeks of private instruction, the tailored training regimen, for what it was. To
the Hitoshi of yore, it had been a disservice. Another way of telling him the same thing he
had heard too many times before: that he wasn’t good enough. That he would always have to
fight twice as hard to get half as far.

A slow grin stretches across Hitoshi’s face. “I wouldn’t trust it if it was easy,” he says,
without a trace of bitterness. As it turns out, he’s also a much happier person than he was two
months ago.
Aizawa gives Hitoshi an assessing once over. “Yeah,” he says, softening in some
imperceivable way, “you’ve got it handled.”
With that, Aizawa drops a hand on top of Hitoshi’s head, like he does to Izuku every now and
then. He doesn’t do anything so sentimental as ruffling Hitoshi’s hair, just makes contact for a
moment. Hitoshi hopes that his complete and utter shock doesn’t show on his face, but it
probably does, and it probably looks stupid, because Aizawa huffs at him. Then he uses
Hitoshi’s head to push himself up from the bleachers, once again exuding his normal don’t
touch me aura as soon as he steps away, moment over.

PLAYER 2 18:37
click to view attachment

GIRAN 18:56
A little girl? Putting together a real weird group here

PLAYER 2 19:02
They haven’t killed each other yet.

GIRAN 19:11
Disappointed? Want em to pick eachother off?

PLAYER 2 19:12
Keep guessing.

A tall boy with pale, feathery hair waves a hand over his head. He’s cute, in a conventional,
clean-cut kind of way, charming and boyish and begging to be messed up just a little. Himiko

is delighted to find that it’s her that he’s waving to. She clasps her hands eagerly, skipping
over to his side with a smile that stretches her mouth a bit too wide.
“Natsu!” the boy says, sounding in parts excited and exasperated to see her. “Where have you
been?”
“I’ve been around,” Himiko replies vaguely, latching on to one of the boy’s arms. The
gawping look on his face tells her that she’s acting out of character, but the pretty blush
coloring his cheeks tells her that he doesn’t mind. Natsu must be a no-fun stick-in-the-mud.
Isn’t Himiko so much better?
“We were starting to get worried,” the boy says, rubbing two fingers over the reddened bridge
of his nose.
“I’m fine,” Himiko says, smiling wider, shoving down the spiky ball of jealousy until it sticks
somewhere deep in her stomach.
What’s so special about Natsu? What makes her so worth worrying about? She’s fine. Or she
will be. Himiko didn’t do anything too bad to her, honest. Just taught her a lesson, which is
doing her a favor, really. Nice, pretty high schoolers like Natsu have no business sticking
their noses into the places that she had been. A worse person than Himiko would have cut
that nose right off!
“Are you—” the boy looks down at Himiko uncertainly. “Are you alright? You’re acting a
little odd.”
“…Odd?” Himiko repeats, wavering. She digs her nails into the sleeve of the boy's uniform,
holding his arm against her chest. He’s warm. “There’s nothing odd about me. I’m just in a
good mood, that’s all.”
“Alright,” the boy says, smiling softly, kind but wary. “If you’re sure.”
Why? Why is he still looking at her like that? She’s Natsu — pretty, normal Natsu, not a
knife in sight, hasn’t said a word about blood or bleeding. People like Natsu. She has a family
and friends who all care about her. She’s not gross or creepy or crazy. Her quirk has to do
with paint, or something harmless like that.
Himiko smiles Natsu’s smile, careful not to show too many teeth, and tugs lightly on the
boy’s arm. “Come on!” she says. “You know I wasn’t in school, today. Tell me what I
missed! How was your day?”
The boy grins. He seems delighted by the question, like no one has ever asked him about his
day before. Natsu must be one of those chatty, self-centered girls, then. Isn’t Himiko so much
better? She rests her head on the boy’s bicep and lets herself listen to him talk for a while.
Not too long, though. He’ll start screaming if she stays too long.

A week after the end of internships, one of the Commission members sitting on the
committee overseeing Izuku’s rehabilitation requests an update on his condition. Recovery
Girl is unamused at the nonverbal pressure, having made her stance entirely clear. When
Izuku steps into the infirmary for an examination, she takes one look at him and says, “No.”
The examination proceeds regardless, because Recovery Girl is a professional, and Nedzu
insists that their records need to be beyond reproach. The paper trail of Izuku’s first exam
post-hospitalization is clear: his kidneys are barely functioning, his metabolism is a wreck,
and his immune system is in a panic.
The quirk suppression cuffs are not put back on that week.
Two weeks after the end of internships, one of the Commission members sitting on the
committee overseeing Izuku’s rehabilitation politely asserts that Izuku has had time enough
to recover. Nedzu’s equally polite reply explains that one cannot rush back from the brink of
death. He reads this email in full while Izuku is being held as a captive audience, and laughs
too loudly at Izuku’s suggestion that he’s exaggerating somewhat.
Recovery Girl frowns over the results of that week’s blood test. It is a slightly shallower
frown than the week before, but there is something troubled about it that Izuku can’t account
for. He’s seen the results for himself, has seen the mess of red flags, but knows that they’ve at
least decreased in number.
“You’ve been using your quirk,” Recovery Girl says, tapping her stylus tensely against the
side of her tablet.
“Not much,” Izuku lies. He justifies it to himself as a half truth, depending on how they were
defining his quirk, but doubts that the argument would get past Tsukauchi.
“You shouldn’t be using it at all. Quirk exhaustion of the extent you were facing is no
laughing matter, young man. It’s a severe medical emergency.”
“I know that,” Izuku says, a bit too sharply. “It put me in a c-coma. I’ve been resting. I-I’m
getting better, aren’t I?”
Recovery Girl stares at Izuku for a long second, long enough that he ducks his head, abashed.
She thinks that he has been training with his quirks, he reminds himself. She doesn’t even
suspect that Izuku has been committing treason when he is meant to be paying attention in
class. But it’s hard not to get defensive, knowing that no one would approve of choices Izuku
feels so strongly about.
“Has your quirk ever made you sick?” Recovery Girl asks, letting his poor attitude slide
without comment.
“Um.” Izuku blinks, unprepared for the question. “P-physically?”

“Yes,” Recovery Girl says, tone gentling. “Sick like the nosebleeds you keep dragging that
Shinsou boy in here for.”
“Sometimes, it— it would h-hurt,” Izuku says after taking a moment to think, “to give qquirks away.”
Recovery Girl nods. “What about when you use the quirks you’ve collected?”
Izuku doesn’t really like that word, collected. Collections are carefully curated displays,
hobbies or points of pride. Thinking of his quirk that way sits poorly with him, but most
things about his quirk do. He wishes people would be up front about the reality of the
situation, but the word stolen has become taboo.
Izuku brushes that off and answers the question, “Well, some of them can hurt me. Like—
like the fire breathing.”
“That’s not what I mean. The quirk isn’t what gave you those burns; the flames made by the
quirk did.”
“I… don’t see the difference.”
“Think of Todoroki,” Aizawa speaks up from where he has been silently leaning against the
wall. “When he overuses his ice, frost starts to build up on his skin. That’s not because of the
ice itself, but a consequence of the internal mechanisms of his quirk.”
“Okay. That— that makes sense, I g-guess.”
“Did anything like that happen to you in Hosu?” Recovery Girl asks.
“I— I got really tired?” Izuku offers hesitantly, not entirely sure how the conversation came
to this, or where it’s meant to be going.
“But nothing hurt?”
“N-no,” Izuku admits. “Nothing.” Excluding the stab wound, broken arm, and large array of
lacerations, that is — not that Izuku says as much. Even stumbling around in the dark as he
is, he knows that being pedantic now would be a misstep.
“That’s not a good thing, you realize,” Recovery Girl says with a long sigh.
“Of course not,” Izuku agrees, blindly. Recovery Girl sees through him instantly. She taps his
ankle with the pointed tip of her cane, soft enough not to stab him, but sharply enough to get
the reprimand across. “Well it’s, it’s not bad,” he argues, pulling his legs up onto the cot, out
of easy reach. “I don’t exactly want it to— to hurt. My quirk doesn’t need to be any— any
worse than it a-already is.”
Recovery Girl sighs again and pats the ankle she just bumped with a sympathetic hand.
“Some fool once suggested that quirks are evolving more quickly than the human body can
handle.”

Izuku nods, this time because he actually knows what she’s talking about, even if it seems
like an abrupt change in subject. “That’s the foundation of Quirk Singularity Theory.”
“And what do you think about that?”
“M-me? Well, it’s a bit silly, isn’t it? It’s not as if quirks are a separate entity, evolving
independently from the rest of humanity. They’re not just— things people can do, like, like
action skills in a video game, or something. These abilities didn’t just evolve. Humans
evolved to have them. A body isn’t a vessel for a quirk; a quirk is the result of the unique
physiological adaptations of a body. Theoretically. I mean, the field of human evolutionary
biology was turned on its head by the emergence of quirks, and it’s still in shambles, if we’re
being honest.
“And,” Izuku continues vigorously, waving away the can of worms that is the veracity of the
quirk sciences, “all of that is assuming that quirks are even growing stronger to begin with,
and there’s not really any data to support that. Plenty of people still have very ‘weak’ quirks,
and there have always been ‘strong’ quirks. My father, the boogeyman of the quirked world,
was first generation. The big thing, I think, is that the number of people who have quirks has
dramatically increased in recent decades. Confirmation bias could create the illusion that
quirks are becoming more powerful, even if the actual proportion of powerful quirks hasn’t
changed. It’s an anecdotal observation, at best. Besides—” Izuku stops himself before he can
get into the minutia of how one could even quantify something as subjective as quirk
strength. He clears his throat.
“How do you explain quirk backlash, then?” Recovery Girl asks. “Why do so many quirks
have physically detrimental consequences if not because our bodies aren’t suited for them?”
“Over-taxed muscles tear. Does that mean that human bodies aren’t suited for having
muscles?”
After the words are out of his mouth, Izuku hears the irreverent disdain in his voice and bites
back an embarrassed grimace. He’s not used to being engaged this way by anyone but Nedzu,
who receives an argument better the more scathingly its delivered, but it’s not how Izuku
would normally talk to anyone else. Recovery Girl’s laugh interrupts before he can stutter out
an apology.
“That’s the spirit!” she cheers, reminding Izuku why she’s the closest thing Nedzu has to an
actual human friend. “Right you are. The man was a fool, like I said, but people have a way
of latching on to foolish ideas. That quirk backlash is a self-destructive consequence of quirk
use is certainly the general consensus, but truly self-destructive quirks are quite rare.” Izuku
thinks of a man with scars like scorched earth and represses a shudder. Recovery Girl
continues, “You didn’t answer my question. If that’s not what quirk backlash is, then what is
it?”
“It’s…” Izuku trails off into thought. His eyes drift to Aizawa, who receives the attention
with a slight lift of his eyebrows, a silent observer waiting for Izuku’s answer as much as
Recovery Girl is. Izuku thinks of Shouto, like Aizawa suggested before. Any memories made
with Dissociation active come out a little hazy, but Izuku remembers their fight during the

sports festival well enough. “It’s just a torn muscle,” he says. “It’s the result of pushing past a
physical limitation.”
“Not quite,” Recovery Girl says, “but you have the right general idea. A torn muscle is more
akin to quirk exhaustion. Backlash would be the pain before a muscle tears. It serves the same
biological purpose: to deter someone from a course of action that will cause them further
harm.”
“In Hosu, you didn’t experience that deterrent,” Aizawa says blandly. He hasn’t moved, still
leaning against the wall with his arms crossed over his chest, exactly as he has been since
Izuku sat down to go over his results. “You really have no idea how close you came to killing
yourself, do you?”
Izuku doesn’t — because that’s just not how it went. Yes, he came startling close to death, but
that was because of Stain and the nomu. The biggest threats to Izuku’s life had been almosts,
near misses, things that were prevented before they could actually come to pass. Aizawa
detained Stain before he could strike a mortal blow; Kurogiri caught Izuku before he fell far
enough to do substantial damage. After the nomu, blood loss could have been a real threat,
but paramedics were already on scene.
“But I’m fine,” Izuku says weakly. Partially hidden by his capture weapon, Aizawa’s jaw
ticks.
“You are fine now. Severe quirk exhaustion functions similarly to shock. It is a quick and
catastrophic killer.”
“Oh.”
Izuku’s blood chemistry is still in disarray. More than half of the numbers on Recovery Girl’s
tablet screen are outside of acceptable ranges. Izuku’s injuries are healed, nothing hurts, his
mood has been on the rise, and he is quantifiably not fine.
The quirk suppression cuffs are not put back on that week.
Three weeks after the end of internships, one of the Commission members sitting on the
committee overseeing Izuku’s rehabilitation calls UA’s intentions and integrity into question.
After that, the writing is on the wall.
“You realize we’re not going to be able to stonewall them any longer?” Recovery Girl says as
she draws Izuku’s blood for another round of testing. Her words are reserved, sober, but her
agitation comes across in the tight movements of her hands, in the pinch of her needle
through his skin, just a bit sharper and more prolonged than usual.
“I know,” Izuku says. No one can accuse him of being naive.
“I’ll still try, mind you, but they’re sending in one of their own for a second opinion. Any
medical professional worth their salt would agree that the indefinite suppression of a
developing child’s quirk is not only unhealthy but flat out unethical! But those Commission
cronies aren’t worth much of anything, in my experience.”

“It’s fine.” Izuku receives a sharp look for his reassurance.
“It’s not. Numerous studies have indicated that there’s a correlation between quirk
suppression and quirk dysfunction. I’ve said as much every chance I’ve gotten, but it hasn’t
done a bit of good. I’m an expert when they need me, and a crazy old lady the moment they
don’t.”
“I’m sorry,” Izuku says, because that strikes him as awfully sad.
“Don’t you worry about me,” Recovery Girl says briskly, taping a wad of gauze tight over the
crook of Izuku’s elbow. “I have everything I need right here, and I’m happy so long as you
kids keep yourselves alive. I only wish you’d all realize that not dying is the bare minimum
of self-care. That includes you!”
“I—”
“Not a word!” Recovery Girl interrupts. “Don’t think I haven’t noticed that you’ve not been
sleeping! You look terrible!”
“Thanks,” Izuku says dryly. Recovery Girl whaps him across the shins, chasing him from the
cot to his feet.
“If you want compliments, get enough rest to earn them!”
Izuku’s test results come in two days later in a routine that’s become like clockwork. He has
made a more dramatic improvement this week than the one before, though his metabolic
panel still makes Recovery Girl purse her lips. But it doesn’t matter what argument she
presents, and it doesn’t matter how deadly the look on Aizawa’s face becomes, and it doesn’t
matter what Izuku says or does.
Like he said: the writing was already on the wall.
The cuffs are put back on that week.
And that’s fine. It really is.
Izuku has already done what he set out to do.

PLAYER 2 3:19
this mihgtve been a bad idea
PLAYER 2 3:20
do you ever wondre if youre ruingin your life???

PLAYER 2 6:04
You can ignore that.
PLAYER 2 6:04
Last one.
PLAYER 2 6:04
click to view attachment

GIRAN 12:43
Done already?
GIRAN 12:44
I have other work if your interested

GIRAN 20:23
Good ridance

Molten metal cools in glowing rivulets down the gym’s back door. Picking a lock may be
more subtle, but Dabi’s not particularly concerned with leaving evidence behind. Nobody is
going to give a shit about the fate of a run-down gym owned by a broke old man with no
connections to speak of.
Of the three sinks in the men’s locker room, the left-most one, and the counter beside it, is
already stained a dark green-gray from the times Dabi has done this before. Maybe that’s why
the old man had given him the boot. Property damage or some shit. As if the place hadn’t
been visibly neglected even before Dabi started kicking around.
Whatever. Dabi pulls a small box out of his jacket and dumps the contents across the
yellowed counter. Forgoing the cheap brush and gloves provided, Dabi squeezes the hair dye
directly into his hands. One palm-full at a time, he runs dye through his hair, scrubbing at his
roots until the tube is an empty, crumpled husk.
Stinging globs drip tar-like onto the shells of Dabi’s ears, dark streaks itching on the back of
his neck. It’s overkill, it always is, but it eases the paranoia that strikes him monthly, so
regularly that his restlessness might very well be following the cycle of the moon. He sneers
at his reflection in the water-spotted mirror in front of him. Maybe that’s why Dabi got
kicked out, actually. He’s fucking ghastly to look at.
He lets the color sit for something like half an hour. He doesn’t take a timer to it, just waits
until he doesn’t have the patience to wait anymore, then sticks his head beneath the spray of a

shower head. Running his fingers through his hair squeezes excess dye off in thick lines that
spill over his knuckles. The water runs like oil around his shoes as it swirls towards the drain.
Dabi forgot to grab some shampoo when he stole the hair dye, like a fucking amateur. He
tears the hand soap dispenser from the wall and makes do with that. Three times through the
lather-rinse loop and the suds collecting on his hands are still tinged faintly gray, but the idea
of going through a fourth wash is too boring to stand. The shower shuts off with a creak of
pipes that lingers long after the rush of the water has fallen silent.
Dabi leaves the same way he came in, clothes and hair hissing in the heat as the building goes
up in flames behind him.

“Do you even know how to use this?”
“Of course I do. Don’t touch it.”
“Seems impractical.”
“I said don’t touch it.”
“Oh, come on, it’s not like it’s gonna break.”
“You’re going to hurt yourself.”
“How? I’m not gonna accidentally slit my own throat.”
“Don’t—”
“Ow, shit.”
“I told—”
“Say I told you so, and I’ll bend your sword into a fucking pretzel.”
“That’s not even possible.”
“Wanna bet? What’s the melting point of steel, do you think?”
“Okay, fine, point made. Give it back.”
“Hmm, I don’t know.”
“Dabi.”
“Why should I?”

“Dabi!”
“I’m just saying— Wait, what are you—? Oh fuck—!”
“Shigaraki Tomura,” Kurogiri’s voice cuts through the crescendoing argument that drifts up
the stairs and down the hall. He stands in the empty doorway of Tomura’s room — empty
because Tomura had destroyed his door in a fit of pique two days before. He has been doubly
on edge ever since, for more reasons than he can name.
The League of interlopers Kurogiri has recruited, with Tomura’s approval but without his
appreciation. The inability to close himself in, to cut everything else off. The erratic evolution
of Decay beyond his limits. The knowledge that there is someone just out of reach who
would have a far better understanding of what is happening to him.
Tomura’s thoughts, his feelings, are so loud. They leak out of his brain and into his blood,
pulsing through him, screaming with every beat of his heart. It is so loud inside of Tomura
that he never noticed how quiet it became, in the after. Like a pocket of Tomura’s life had
been holding its breath. With all the noise around him now, he feels less like he is going to
overflow, but something else has been broken — a silence, the unpunctuated void of an
absence.
“Shigaraki Tomura,” Kurogiri repeats. “Your intervention is required.”
“Handle it yourself,” Tomura says. “They’re your strays.”
“But you are their leader.” Kurogiri says
Tomura scoffs. Leader, right. And what, exactly, is he leading them towards? What Tomura
intends to do, he fully intends to do alone. What Sensei wanted for him, wanted from him,
matters less and less with each passing day. The further Tomura goes on his own, the more
history seems to distort behind him.
Something thuds loudly against the ceiling downstairs, the impact a dull vibration that
Tomura can feel through his chair. A pause, a horrible clatter, and the shouting resumes.
Kurogiri’s shoulders tense as he grips his arms more tightly behind his back. His composure
is just strained enough for Tomura to notice; for all that Kurogiri advocated for expanding
their numbers, for all that he smoothed over the rough edges of the noobs’ introductions, their
presence is an intrusion to him, as well. Theoretically, the bar has always been a
headquarters, but historically, it has only ever been a home. The only one either of them have
ever known.
Tomura stands with a grumbled sigh, cracking his neck to one side and then the other before
digging his nails in under his jaw. His skin has stopped attacking itself, finally, and most of
his wounds have healed seamlessly, but his neck remains mottled faintly pink even when he
hasn’t been scratching at it.
Kurogiri disappears into himself as Tomura moves. The clattering comes to an abrupt stop as
Tomura takes the stairs two at a time. It’s too much to hope that the idiots have killed each
other; more likely, they’ve just been momentarily cowed into line by Kurogiri’s

reappearance. Sure enough, Tomura enters the bar just in time to see Spinner stick a hand
through a portal and wrench his sword out of the ceiling. Kurogiri, installed behind the bar as
if he never left, stares at the flakes of plaster that drift down, small but strikingly visible
against the dark bar top. Swiftly, he turns to retrieve a rag, the yellow wisps that trail from the
corners of his eyes lashing with unvoiced agitation.
“Why,” Tomura hisses, “are you here? Go home.”
“I’m literally homeless,” Dabi replies flatly.
“…My hot water’s out,” Spinner offers a moment later.
“Shiggy!” Toga exclaims, sitting in a booth across from Twice with a deck of cards between
them. More freeloaders, but less obnoxious ones, at least. For the moment. Somehow. It’s a
rare day that Toga is more tolerable than Spinner. Even thinking it feels like a jinx. “Oh,
come play! I can deal you in!”
“I’m winning,” Twice declares, adding in an undertone, “I’m cheating.”
Toga giggles. The sound skitters down Tomura’s spine like something with too many legs.
“Go home,” he orders.
“My parents went away somewhere,” Toga says, smile as sharp as the needles she no doubt
has in her pockets. “The family that moved into our house will call the cops if I show up
again.”
“That’s fucked up,” Dabi says without sympathy.
“It’s whatever.”
Tomura grabs the door frame tight enough that the bone white of his knuckles presses
through his skin. Habit keeps his little finger in the air, but conscious choice lowers it with
the others. Recently, it hasn’t made much of a difference. Things either turn to dust beneath
his skin or they don’t. He had opened his bedroom door with his fucking elbow.
“So, Shigaraki,” Dabi drawls, lounging insolently with his arms propped on the bar behind
him, “what are we doing here? It’s been nearly a week since you contacted me, and all you’ve
done is brood in your bedroom like a moody teenager.”
“I didn’t contact you,” Tomura sneers. “I don’t give a shit about you.”
“But you’re the leader of the League, aren’t you? And the League, that’s us, now.”
“You can leave for all I care.”
“God. Aren’t you in your twenties?”
“I’m the leader,” Tomura says, “because I’m the one who will fucking kill you if you don’t
do what I say.”

“So what’s the plan? What’s the point?”
“We’re going to tear everything down,” Toga interjects gleefully. “But we have to kill that
guy, first.” She points avidly to the wall, the traitor’s picture pinned in place by a dart
between his blank green eyes. Tomura hadn’t— he hadn’t considered that people would see
that. He crosses the room to tear the photo down, the dart ripping a line through the traitor’s
skull. Tomura crumples the paper into a ball and shoves it in his pocket. He’ll print a new
one, one that he won’t leave out for everyone to gawk at. “His name is Midoriya Izuku,”
Toga goes on, cooing. “We’re nearly the same age, you know.”
“I recognize him. He beat Endeavor’s brat during the sports festival.”
“Yeah! He got all burned up and red. It was the greatest.”
“And we’re killing him. That’s our goal?”
“No,” Tomura bites, before Dabi can spout any of his usual derision. “I’m killing him. The
rest of you are staying out of my way.”
How did Toga even know this? Has she been talking to Kurogiri? Who does that? She must
have been though, because Tomura certainly hasn’t said anything. Last time he did, Stain
went off and fought the traitor on his own. Tomura couldn’t have anyone trying to steal his
kill, not again. No one else needs to know, anyway. It’s none of their business, how Tomura’s
family fell apart for a second time.
“Don’t be that way!” Toga protests. “Can’t we help even a little? I just want to stab him, only
once or twice! He won’t even die, I promise! Please, Shiggy? Please, please, please!”
“I don’t want to stab a high schooler,” Twice says as Tomura reaches past him to seize Toga
by the collar of that baggy sweater she never takes off. “Well. Only once or twice would be
fine. Probably. As long as he doesn’t even die.”
While Twice muses to himself, nonsensical and indecisive, Tomura drags Toga out of her
seat, heaving her easily to her feet, then up further still until her only her toes are the only
thing keeping her grounded. It’s easy. She’s an underfed street rat.
“You don’t fucking touch him,” Tomura warns lowly. Her sweater feels weak between his
fingers, but the fabric hasn’t given way yet, so he fists his hands in tighter and shakes her,
just to drive home the fact that he can, and there’s nothing she can do about it. “When that
brat goes to hell, he goes knowing I’m the one who sent him there. No one makes him bleed
but me. Got it?”
Toga stares at him, unresponsive, her hands circled limply around his wrists. Her face is red
enough that he wonders for a moment if he’s cut off her airway, but no. She’s a little freak,
Tomura already knew that. That manic state of infatuation she sometimes falls into is
unpleasant enough to witness, but this is just disturbing. She said it herself, she’s the same
age as his—

Tomura shoves her away with an inarticulate noise of disgust. She’s falling before her heels
hit the ground, no chance to get her footing. Twice lunges to catch her, then pushes her back
into her seat in much the same way as Tomura. She topples over into the booth, laughing in
breathy bursts. Her sweater is threadbare and fraying where Tomura’s hands had knotted into
it. She wiggles her fingers through the new holes with a dopey smile.
While Spinner tends to his blades as if nothing at all is happening, Dabi watches, apathetic
but judgmental. Tomura meets his eyes for a moment before turning away. Another noise, as
disgusted as the last, tears free from his throat.
Fuck this shit. Tomura has reached his limit. He has to get out of this mad house. He's going
to the fucking arcade.

Chapter End Notes

Mei: We’ve made a beautiful baby, Mr. First Place.
Hitoshi: I’m filing for sole custody.
Giran: your a pain in my ass
Player 2:
Giran: oh my fucking god, they’re fucking dead
Spinner: I’m staying here because my apartment doesn’t have hot water.
Dabi: Burn the building down.
Spinner: That won’t fix anything.
Dabi: It’ll make the water hot, won’t it?
Dabi: You want to kill a teenager?
Tomura: He’s my brother.
Dabi: Say no more.
—————
Next chapter: One for All - Part X

Chapter 52: One for All - Part X
Chapter Notes

Action starts next chapter. This chapter: lots of talking.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Standing with the rest of 1-A in full costume, Hitoshi is indistinguishable from the ranks of
hero brats. It’s a new costume, the generic jumpsuit he had been using traded in late last week
for a proper outfit, one that had actually been designed with Hitoshi in mind. Granted, since
Aizawa and Hitoshi himself had done most of that designing, the costume isn’t anything
remarkable to look at, but it suits Hitoshi disproportionately well for that simplicity.
Or maybe Izuku only thinks that because he knows all the nasty secrets the costume hides.
The fabric bandaging Hitoshi’s arms and hands is easily dismissed as a stylistic practicality,
protecting his knuckles and pinning the hems of his sleeves out of the way. There’s no reason
to suspect there’s anything more to it, but Izuku knows that Hitoshi can loosen the wrap and
activate his capture weapon in the time it takes Izuku to draw a knife. Currently, Hitoshi can
only handle one of the weapon’s split halves at a time, but the reduced length has increased
his control to a threatening degree.
In fact, Hitoshi’s new favorite thing to do is to reel someone in close with his capture
weapon, slam an elbow or knee into wherever it’ll do the most damage, and then use his
opponent’s remaining momentum to hurl them over his shoulder. It’s a vicious combo, made
more so by the elbow and knee-pads concealed beneath his clothes — padded internally, for
Hitoshi’s comfort and convenience, with a mercilessly hard and angular exterior plating that
packs a punch on par with Kirishima’s. And the treads of his boots give him such insane
traction that he can toss people around to his heart’s content without losing his own footing.
Someone and his opponent and people refer almost exclusively to Izuku, with the occasional
guest appearance by Aizawa. Sparring with Hitoshi gets more interesting by the day, as he
improves. It’s a shame that he can’t effectively utilize the voice modulator when they’re
fighting one-on-one. He’s not wearing it now — says it makes his neck hurt if he keeps it on
too long — but it hangs against his collar bones, the only obvious piece of gear on his person.
All of it makes Izuku feel some kind of way. Excited isn’t quite the word, and to say he’s
proud sounds patronizing, but there is something giddy about having Hitoshi here that keeps
pulling Izuku’s mouth into a smile, even as he jitters about with nerves. For his part, Hitoshi
stares straight ahead with his hands in two of his many new pockets. He slouches in a
performance of disinterested disdain, tense at the prospect of being perceived by 1-A and
absolutely unwilling to let an ounce of that discomfort show. He wears his least welcoming
expression, transforming his demeanor from unfriendly to outright hostile. It carves a bubble

of space out around him that only Izuku and Shouto dare to intrude upon. That Hitoshi is
surly enough to hold back the voracious curiosity of 1-A is truly impressive, but there’s
nothing he can do to deter Izuku from grinning up at him.
“I understand that the nature of this exam has already been leaked,” Aizawa says, eyes
trained reproachfully on Izuku, who has done absolutely nothing wrong. From the line of
teachers gathered in front of them, Mic give Izuku an indiscreet thumbs up, pulling
apprehensive laughs out of a handful of his classmates. “I’ll cut to the chase, then: you’ll be
paired up to fight one of us.”
“Fireworks!” Ashido laments, as if saying goodbye to what could have been. She has been
mourning the summer training camp since learning about the exam format. Robots, she can
dissolve indiscriminately; people, not so much. “Curry! Truth or dare!”
“Don’t fail,” Aizawa advises flatly. Ashido buries her face in her elbow and sobs theatrically.
“So blunt!” Nedzu exclaims, popping free from the loops of Aizawa’s capture weapon.
Aizawa seems more resigned to this arrangement each time Izuku witnesses it.
“The principal!” Sero gasps as Nedzu pats Aizawa’s blank face before launching himself to
the sturdy perch that is Cementoss’ shoulder. It begs to question why he hadn’t hitched a ride
with Cementoss to begin with, but Izuku knows that Nedzu’s fondness of dramatic entrances
always gets the better of him.
“Has he been there the whole time?” Kaminari asks.
“Fighting a robot is quite different from fighting a person,” Nedzu says, reveling in the
disturbance he has caused without acknowledging it. Ashido cries louder at the reminder,
punctuating the pause between his sentences. He smiles benevolently. “When you leave these
walls, you’ll be facing a great many people and disappointingly few robots. It’s our
responsibility to prepare you for the fights that lie ahead, and to protect you until such a time
that you can protect yourselves. This semester, our failures to protect you have shined a light
on the ways in which we’ve fallen short in preparing you, as well.”
“Aizawa-Sensei has protected us!” Kirishima protests, the majority of the class bristling
defensively along with him. Aizawa blinks, eyes falling closed for a long moment, but does
nothing more to give away how he feels about that defense.
Nedzu’s smile is stagnant on his face, but there’s a rare sincerity in his voice as he continues,
“In the past, we have sheltered our students from certain harsh realities in the name of
protecting them. But it’s become abundantly clear that those realities may not wait until we
decide that you’re ready to face them. From this point forward, your combat training and
evaluations will involve flesh-and-blood opponents whenever possible. It’s critical that our
teaching simulates practical experience as closely as possible, in the name of preparing you
for those realities that we can’t protect you from.
“The life of a hero is neither kind nor easy,” Nedzu concludes to the solemn silence of his
audience. “We do what we must so that other lives may be.”

It’s a dishonest statement. An ideal cultivated within the walls of UA that too often wilts
when young heroes are given the responsibility of keeping it alive alone. Izuku can’t help but
think of the many, many heroes who have taken on the title seeking the betterment of no life
but their own. And, simultaneously, Izuku can’t help but wonder just how many lives he will
never even know he has saved by doing what he has done. He only realizes that his breathing
has grown too shallow when Hitoshi touches him, his fingers skimming over Izuku’s inner
wrist. He’s traded his least welcoming expression in for a questioning one — waiting for
Izuku to let him know if he should be concerned. Izuku swallows and shakes his head.
Kirishima is the first to speak, whispering loudly, “That was so manly.” Katsuki hits him for
his commentary, breaking the mood as effectively as Kirishima had broken the silence.
“So we’re really expected to fight a teacher?” Uraraka asks, hands wringing together at her
waist.
“That is exactly what you’re expected to do,” Aizawa replies.
“But you’re all much stronger than us,” Tsu observes impassively. At her side, Uraraka steels
herself with a determined nod and punches at the air. “Even in pairs, being matched against a
pro seems unfair.”
“Speak for yourself,” Katsuki scoffs. Kirishima hits him for his commentary.
Ignoring the predictably explosive bought of ill-temper that follows, Aizawa says, “We’ll be
handicapped.”
“Ah, yes. Cementoss, if you wouldn’t mind?”
At Nedzu’s prompting, Cementoss holds up one of his arms, putting the thick band around
his wrist on display. With the ripping crackle of splitting velcro, the band comes free,
dangling from his hand as a long strip. A moment later, he drops it. It meets the ground faster
than it feels like a piece of fabric should. Small, gritty stones fly up as asphalt buckles at the
point of impact. Nedzu claps his paws together, then stretches his arms out wide and
performs some kind of jazz-hands equivalent to call attention to the scaled-down weights that
encircle his own wrists.
“We all have them,” he announces, his earlier seriousness all but forgotten. “Of course, not
all of ours are quite so impressive as Cementoss’, here. They’re equal to approximately half
of each of our individual weights. Certainly enough to impede our speed and stamina. We
posed a challenge to the support courses, and these ultra-compressed weights were the
result!”
“Is this why Mei hasn’t been coming to lunch?” Momo asks, only to flush upon realizing that
her exasperation has driven her to do so aloud.
“Most likely!” Nedzu answers. “Of course, I would never condone skipping meals, but
Hatsume Mei does happen to be responsible for this particular design.”

“Of course she is,” Hitoshi mutters sourly. Izuku goes to elbow him in the side — a nearly
reflexive response, at this point — but thinks better of it when he remembers the weapons
concealed under Hitoshi’s sleeves.
“Ten stages have been prepared within Ground Beta,” Aizawa forges ahead. “You have 30
minutes to either handcuff your opponent or escape the stage. The handcuffs will be provided
by your examiner before the test begins.”
“That just sounds like battle training,” Kaminari says. “Like, with the capture tape and stuff.”
“This is nothing like your past battle training!” Mic exclaims, pointing a censorious finger
Kaminari’s way. “Your opponent this time is on a whole different level!”
“Different level?” Jirou repeats doubtfully. “That’s not really the image I have of you.”
“Excuse me?!” Mic cries, finger whirling on Jirou. “You better be ready to put your money
where your mouth is, because it’s me you’ll be up against!”
“…Oh.”
“That’s right! Running away is starting to look pretty appealing now, huh?”
“We can really just run away?” Ashido asks. “We don’t get to run away during battle
training.”
“Of course!” Nedzu says.
“Realism is our goal,” Aizawa adds. “In real life, you fight to win, or you run to live.”
“Or you die,” Snipe adds, leveling an imaginary gun at Ashido’s head.
“Put that away,” Midnight scolds, slapping his shoulder.
“You’ve already shot one of our students,” Mic mutters, just loud enough for several pairs of
eyes to skirt Izuku’s way. Snipe holsters his finger guns with haste.
“No one is going to die,” Midnight says, “but you can fail.”
“I think I’d rather die,” Kaminari sighs. “At least then people will say nice things about me at
my funeral.”
“Not me,” Sero counters with an easy-going grin. “I’ll roast you so hard they’ll be able to
skip the cremation.”
“Know what? Just for that, you’re not invited.”
“Try to stop me, dead boy.”
“Kiri will keep you out! Right, bro?”
“Totally! You can count on me!”

“Really Kirishima?”
“Sorry bro, it’s his dying wish.”
“All three of you will be sharing a single coffin if you don’t shut the fuck up!”
“Can we get on with this?” Hitoshi snaps, voice cutting easily through the noise where
Katsuki’s yelling only adds to it. In a bid to appear formidable under the sudden brunt of 1A’s collective attention, Hitoshi stands up straight, possibly for the first time in his life.
Shoulder-to-shoulder with him, Izuku realizes that Hitoshi has grown at least an inch since
they met, which is frankly unfair.
“Shinsou!” Nedzu cheers. Hitoshi clenches his teeth in response, hard enough that Izuku can
see his jaw flex. “Let’s start with you, since you’re in such a rush. I’ll be your opponent!”
“Fuck,” Hitoshi says, with feeling. He slumps, spine collapsing back into his usual slouch
beneath the burden of Nedzu’s revelation.
“Maybe Katsuki can make room for a fourth in that coffin,” Izuku consoles, knocking their
shoulders together now that they are mostly level, again.
“Kaminari will be facing me, as well,” Nedzu adds.
“You?” Kaminari asks, looking uncertainly between Nedzu’s grin and Hitoshi’s desolate
stare. “But you’re…” Kaminari makes a gesture that Izuku interprets to mean small or maybe
cute.
“Do your best,” Nedzu encourages. He rocks on his toes in a childish manner that makes him
look very small and cute, indeed, but there’s a sharp-edged glint of sadism in his eyes that his
smile can’t quite conceal. Izuku feels an intense pang of sympathy for Kaminari. Hitoshi, at
least, has an idea what they’re getting into.
“Right,” Aizawa sighs. “Your pairings have already been determined based on your combat
styles, grades, friendships, so on and so forth. No, you may not switch partners. No, you may
not switch teachers. No, I will not make an exception. Now pay attention, because I’m only
saying this once.”
Shouto gravitates silently to Izuku’s side once their partnership is announced, right at the top
of Aizawa’s list. Izuku pushes Hitoshi pointedly in Kaminari’s direction. He gets a dirty look
for his efforts, but Hitoshi goes, and he doesn’t immediately insult Kaminari to his face,
which is probably the most Izuku can ask of him today.
“Everyone on the bus,” Aizawa orders when the pairings are exhausted. “You have until we
arrive to coordinate.”
“This worked out nicely,” Shouto says, slipping into the seat next to Izuku.
“We’re fighting All Might,” Izuku points out dryly, mind already racing to put together any
kind of strategy that has more than just a chance of succeeding in half an hour.

“I don’t mind fighting him, if it’s with you. It will be interesting, I think.”
“With me?” Izuku echoes. He can hear Kaminari rambling close by, a pointed silence
replacing the low notes of Hitoshi’s voice, and hopes that Hitoshi’s passion overcomes his
pettiness. “I— I think you might be overestimating me a bit, Shouto. This is still All Might
we’re talking about.”
“But you have a plan, don’t you?”
Izuku bites his lip. He grasps desperately for an alternative, flipping through and summarily
discarding half-formulated strategies. Any of them might work, at least one of them
eventually would — if only they had time to fail, first. But 30 minutes doesn’t leave much
room for trial and error, especially against an opponent like All Might.
Shouto stares, unblinking and so expectant that Izuku can hardly stand it. Neither of them
says a word, the seconds slipping into minutes. Izuku’s first idea remains his best. Soon
enough, he struggles to think of anything else at all. He’s been backed into a corner, or maybe
the pressure is getting to him.
“One,” Izuku finally admits, and Shouto smirks, just faintly, at the confirmation, “but you’re
not going to like it.”

It could have been robots, Hitoshi reminds himself. Sure, it’s a partner exercise, and that’s the
next worse thing — Izuku never said anything about a partner exercise — but things could be
worse. It could be robots.
There’s a possibility that fighting Nedzu is actually orders of magnitude worse than fighting
robots, but Hitoshi is pretending to be an optimist, which means ignoring reality to get
through the day. Kaminari seems like the kind of guy who would eat that shit up, all brighteyed and cheerful, like someone could kick him in the teeth and he would find a way to thank
them. His smile is so eager that Hitoshi has to scowl a bit more to compensate.
“Ugh,” Hitoshi says, cutting off Kaminari’s meandering words. His greeting had somehow
segued into stories about some guy named Mineta, who had apparently gotten himself
expelled three days into the semester, kindly leaving an empty seat in 1-A for Hitoshi to fill.
“So, what do you do?”
Kaminari is silent for a lingering moment as he processes Hitoshi’s sudden participation, but
when he does, he seems delighted that their conversation has become two-sided. “Do? I
mean, I play guitar. Does that count?”
Hitoshi wants to kill someone. How do optimists hide their homicidal urges? Not even
Hitoshi is that emotionally repressed. He waits for Kaminari’s answer.

“No,” Hitoshi says, after he has been waiting for long enough to make it clear that Kaminari
hadn’t been joking. “Your quirk. What does your quirk do?”
Kaminari goes completely blank for the span of a blink before a sheepish smile spreads
across his face. He averts his eyes and scratches at the back of his head. “Oh, man. That
makes way more sense,” he says, with a laugh that misses easy by a mile. He holds up a
hand, a jagged arc of sparks jumping the gap between his thumb and forefinger. “So, I’m a
human taser, basically. I can absorb and discharge electricity. But, uh, I don’t have that much
control over it, at range. And I can’t really target specific things. My strongest attack shocks
everything near me, and it also kind of… fries my brain? I can do plenty of lower level
shocks,” Kaminari is quick to assure, “but I can only crank out my maximum voltage once
before I’m dunzo.”
“What’s your limit?” Hitoshi asks.
“Somewhere around 1.3 million volts.”
Considering that he literally couldn’t live without it, Hitoshi knows next to nothing about
how electricity actually works, but he doesn’t need a solid frame of reference to realize that
1.3 million is a lot. He’s shocked himself on a 9V battery. Granted, that experience had been
more startling than painful, but still — Hitoshi doesn’t think it would take nearly 150,000 9V
batteries to take him out. A couple hundred would probably do the trick.
“Why would you ever need to use that?”
“Huh?” Kaminari asks, blinking at Hitoshi like he’s the one doing something mathematically
absurd. “That’s… well, you know. Plus ultra?”
“Do not do that,” Hitoshi orders.
“I, uh, wasn’t planning on it. I mean, I don’t really want to electrocute the principal, anyway?
That feels like it should be illegal.” Based on his smile, Kaminari is definitely making a joke
this time. Jokes on him if he ever thinks this could be that easy.
“You’d have to get close to him, first,” Hitoshi says, habitually rubbing the bridge of his nose
while he tries not let his frustration get the better of him.
Kaminari’s smile melts into a grimace, which itself fades quickly into neutral curiosity when
Hitoshi says nothing more. Kaminari rolls his shoulders, stretches his limbs, then he turns to
face Hitoshi fully, pulling one of his legs up onto their seat as he leans back against the
window. His shin rests a careful inch from Hitoshi’s hip.
“You’ve got a super serious thinking face on,” Kaminari says, scrunching his own face up in
what had better not be a demonstration. Hitoshi does not look like that. Hitoshi has never
looked like that in his life. Hitoshi doesn’t think his face is even capable of looking like that.
“What’s up? I’m not really a plan guy, so I don’t now how much use I’ll be, but we’re
partners, right?”

Unfortunately. Hitoshi scowls. His face does that just fine. With Izuku in ear-shot, he doesn’t
dare voice his thoughts — and he probably wouldn’t, regardless, because Kaminari hasn’t
really done anything to justify Hitoshi being an asshole on purpose rather than just by default
— but the sentiment probably shows on his face. Hitoshi just doesn’t work with people, is the
thing. If he absolutely must, he makes people work for him. That’s kind of his whole deal.
When he’s even comfortable doing it, that is.
“My quirk is useless against Nedzu,” Hitoshi announces, stiffly revealing the problem that
he’s been grappling with since Nedzu so cheerfully sentenced them to death. “He knows how
it works, and he’s too smart to be goaded or tricked into activating it.”
Hitoshi doesn’t bother elaborating on the details of his quirk. His quirk is the one thing no
one ever forgets about him. People can forget his name, even his face, and still remember
Brainwashing.
“So… we fight him, then?” Kaminari asks doubtfully. “I was serious about not wanting to
electrocute the principal.”
“And I was serious about you not being able to.”
“I’d have to get close, first, huh?” Kaminari says, because apparently he has been paying
more attention than Hitoshi would have given him credit for. “So, if we can do that, we’ll be
good, right? Just…” Kaminari swings a fist downward, like he is punching someone much
shorter than himself. Met with Hitoshi’s blank look, he clarifies, “I’m pretty sure I could take
him in a fight, is what I’m saying.”
Play nice, Hitoshi reminds himself.
“Nedzu would fucking destroy you,” he says. Which isn’t exactly nice, but it’s the closest
thing Hitoshi’s got. Kaminari looks a bit insulted, but Hitoshi doesn’t give him a chance to
defend himself. “I’m not saying you couldn’t beat him in a fistfight — I’m saying that’s not
the only kind of fight there is. Nedzu’s not going to attack us. If he gets his way, we’re not
even going to see him. He’s going to sit laughing in some remote location while he turns the
whole world against us. He doesn’t need to touch us to crush us, and those weights aren’t
going to slow him down even a little.” Kaminari frowns, puzzled, like he can’t make sense of
the facts that have been laid out very clearly before him. Stress surges through Hitoshi —
approximately 1.3 million volts of it, which is over 100000 times more than he can stand.
“I’ve got a lot riding on this, and if we fail because you’re not taking Nedzu seriously, I
swear to god, I’ll—” Hitoshi cuts himself off with a hiss, running his hands through his hair.
There’s no way to finish the threat that doesn’t make him sound way too much like Bakugou.
Kaminari winces. “I— I am taking this seriously,” he says, mouth pursed into a line that’s a
little bit hurt and a little bit obstinate. Nothing about the way he says it inspires confidence. “I
don’t want to fail either, man. I just don’t know what to do. And, I mean, no offense, but it
sounds like you don’t either, so— yeah. If you say we shouldn’t fight him, I’ll follow your
lead, but it’s not like that’s an actual plan.”
“I know,” Hitoshi bites. He’s frustrated with himself more than anything, though Kaminari
certainly isn’t helping and Hitoshi doesn’t really care if the guy takes it personally. Kaminari

frowns through a thick silence.
“There’s the surveillance rooms,” he suggests finally, almost grudgingly, like he’s conflicted
between being useful and being petty. As if someone as earnest as Kaminari could ever match
the degree of spite that Hitoshi has mastered. “They’re—”
“I know what they are,” Hitoshi interrupts. He had spent nearly a whole day scouring a
quarter of Ground Beta from top to toe, after all. The simulation city hid as many secrets as a
real one, and the surveillance rooms weren’t even particularly hard to find, to begin with.
Hitoshi had stumbled into four or five — large, sub-basement rooms full of monitoring
equipment. All the banks of screens that he had seen had been inactive, but it’s not a leap to
assume that they would show the camera feeds. God knows Nedzu had enough cameras in
that place.
“Well, you said that the principal wouldn’t want us to see him, right?” Despite his pout at
being cut off, Kaminari’s mood appears lighter for not having been immediately dismissed.
“We should be able to find him if we have access to the cameras. Would that help?”
“Can you get access to the cameras?” Hitoshi asks.
“Of course,” Kaminari replies, as if Hitoshi hadn’t wasted at least half an hour trying to
activate the rooms he had found during Nedzu’s scavenger hunt. It’s almost funny how
Kaminari, with all his misplaced confidence, doesn’t recognize a legitimate opportunity to
show off. Hitoshi’s not complaining, mind. The bragging would be insufferable. “I should be
able to find one of the rooms, too.”
“That might help,” Hitoshi says. “Uh. Good job.”
Kaminari perks up like a praised dog, and Hitoshi immediately regrets his attempts at
kindness. He hopes Izuku appreciates the shit Hitoshi puts himself through. Actually, Izuku
would probably say that Hitoshi should tell Kaminari that this plan, even if it consists of only
a single step, is still more than he could have come up with alone. Hitoshi will not be
admitting that.
Kaminari resumes his babbling where he left off, with the pathetically brief and simply
pathetic exploits of some guy named Mineta. Hitoshi lets him talk, listening with half an ear,
because you never know when a bit of second-hand information might prove useful.
Izuku has no compunctions about interrupting, stopping at Hitoshi’s seat on his way off the
bus, while Todoroki passes by in that single-minded way of his. Izuku leans down, steadying
himself on Hitoshi’s shoulder, and says, “Make him look stupid, Hitoshi.”
As if Hitoshi is even capable of making Nedzu look stupid. No, the only one who comes out
of this looking stupid is Hitoshi, whose ears go hot so fast they throb. Small chips of purple
polish still cling stubbornly around Izuku’s cuticles. His smile is sharp and a little secretive,
and it dawns on Hitoshi — Izuku may not know exactly what he is doing, but he is certainly
doing it on purpose.
“This is sabotage,” Hitoshi accuses, voice rasping when it finally unsticks from his throat.

Izuku’s smile is softer when he leans out of Hitoshi’s space, though the teasing edge doesn’t
disappear completely. Of course it doesn’t. Izuku’s truest self is a little shit, a complete brat, a
fucking menace to society.
“It’ll take more than that to stop you,” he says, like a promise — and it’s shit like that that
makes him such a fucking menace to Hitoshi, in particular.
“Oh, fuck off,” Hitoshi says.
Izuku does not, in fact, fuck off — not in the three seconds Hitoshi gives him to do so of his
own volition, after which Hitoshi frees the end of his capture weapon from where it’s tucked
against his palm. Izuku fucks off real fast after that, to be sure.

Whatever extra Katsuki has been shackled with, he figures they’ll come to him. It’s Ponytail
who ends up hovering primly next to the seat he’s taken on the bus, as if she needs his
permission to plant her ass.
Katsuki knows who she is, obviously. Even before she latched onto Midoriya, Katsuki knew
who she was. She’s top of their fucking class, has been since day one. She’s smart, and not
just in the useless way that only good for exams. With that quirk of hers, every bit of
information in her head is a potential weapon. People like Ponytail are why sharp is a
synonym for smart. Of course Katsuki knows who she is.
Does that mean that he knows her fucking name? Hardly. Her last name is something long
and convoluted and not worth the brain-space it would take to remember it. Her first name is
easier, Mimi or something similarly short, repetitive, and baby-babble-sounding, but Katsuki
is hardly going to call her that.
“What are you waiting for?” Katsuki barks. For a friend of Midoriya’s, Ponytail had been
regarding him with surprising neutrality, but her face becomes subtly chilly after he speaks.
“An engraved fucking invitation?”
“I was just being polite,” she says as she sits beside him. Perched on the edge of the seat with
as much space between them as possible, her facade of pleasantry isn’t fooling anyone.
“Waste of time.”
Leaning his head back, Katsuki closes his eyes. He breathes steadily, bites his tongue to keep
himself from grinding his teeth, bounces his leg because he can’t start screaming but he can’t
just sit here doing nothing, either.
Fucking Eraserhead. Of course. Katsuki should have seen it coming. They’re being tested,
after all, and it goes beyond their ability to kick the ass of anyone who’s placed in front of

them. They’re being tested for improvement, and that doesn’t just mean getting stronger — it
means getting better.
So yeah, Katsuki should have seen this coming, because the thought of being unable to use
his quirk in the middle of a fight makes panic thrash in his chest.
“Shouldn’t we—”
“Shut up,” Katsuki interrupts without opening his eyes.
Ponytail shuts up. If not for the Midoriya of it all, she’d be Katsuki’s ideal minion: smart,
useful, falls in line. Even when her anxiety grows palpable by his side, she doesn’t attempt to
speak to him again in the long minutes he spends in silence. Meditation is bullshit, so that’s
not what Katsuki’s doing, but he’s given up on trying to get Hound Dog to call it something
else.
Katsuki sees none of the drive through Ground Beta, though he hears some of the extras
giggling about it, like a fake city has anything novel to offer over the real ones that they
navigate every day. They stop intermittently, pairs departing to their assigned stages with
dramatic farewells. Katsuki doesn’t open his eyes until Sensei’s voice cuts through the
diminishing chatter.
“Bakugou. Yaoyorozu.”
“About fucking time,” Katsuki says, dragging himself to his feet. Ponytail leads the way off
the bus, by virtue of having the outside seat, and Katsuki gnashes his teeth around the urge to
step on her heels to get her to walk a bit fucking faster.
Outside, a concrete wall cuts across the sidewalk of a suburban street, stretching several
blocks in either direction. A gaudy sign marks the entrance gate cut into the stone, rows of
shrubs and cookie-cutter houses stretching on beyond it. Katsuki surveys what he can of the
environment as Sensei leads them to the center of the stage — the streets and alleys are a bit
narrow for his quirk, but the low roofs give him a lot of aerial options, and there’s an
abundance of ways to break line of sight. Ponytail likewise looks around, the fingertips of
one hand resting lightly on her lips as she thinks.
“Bakugou,” Sensei says sharply, after he’s regurgitated the same bland spiel about the exam
as earlier. He produces a set of handcuffs and tosses them Ponytail’s way without looking at
her. “Sideline.”
Walking away under the unfortunately-correct assumption that Katsuki will follow, Sensei
leaves Ponytail in the middle of the street, clutching the cuffs that she barely managed to
catch. He stops several houses away, leaning against the short stone wall that gates in the
yard with his arms crossed, eyes lidded but vigilant as he stares Katsuki down.
“Well?” Katsuki snaps when the moment stretches too far. Bulky as they are, his gauntlets
prevent him from crossing his own arms, so he flexes his hands instead. “What do you
want?”

“There are a few things in need of clarification,” Sensei finally says. “I’m sure you’ve
already realized why you’re matched against me.”
Katsuki laughs. “Of fucking course I have. I’m not an idiot.” It’s his own fucked up head
they’re dealing with, here.
“And is that alright with you?”
“Hah?”
Sensei sighs. “This isn’t an assessment of your trauma recovery,” he says, stripping Katsuki’s
issues bare so directly and abruptly that Katsuki has to repress a shudder. “If you feel ready,
this is an opportunity to demonstrate and witness your own growth. And if you don’t feel
ready, the progress that you’ve made is still an achievement that cannot be undone or
diminished. Alternate arrangements can be made.”
Katsuki boils in his own flush. Acknowledging that something has gone wrong in his head is
bad enough. Allowing a therapist to poke around in the mess of his thoughts adds insult to
injury. Being offered such blatant accommodations might just be a mortal blow. A sickening
mix of shame, embarrassment, and defensive anger swim in Katsuki’s stomach.
“More than 80% of heroes display symptoms of PTSD within five years of their debut,”
Sensei recites, the statistic so ready in his mind that he doesn’t have to reach for it in the
slightest.
“Good for them.”
“If you change your mind in the middle of the exam,” Sensei warns, his stare invasive and
unrelenting, “I can’t promise that it won’t affect your score. Once we start, I won’t be going
easy on you.”
“You won’t be able to,” Katsuki sneers. “It’ll take all you’ve got to stop me kicking your
ass.”
“Hmm,” Sensei hums. His eyes linger for another long moment before they finally shut. He
steps away from the wall with a sigh. When he opens his eyes, he does something worse than
stare. He smiles — lazy and savage, the way a house cat might smile at a mouse, like a death
so inevitable it need not be rushed. “We’ll see about that.”
With that, Sensei turns away, strolling back in the direction they came, as casual as can be.
Katsuki watches him until he abandons the street for the rooftops, and flexes his fingers until
they stop itching with the impulse to rip his teacher’s eyes out of his head.
“Is everything alright?” Ponytail asks when Katsuki returns to where she stands, aimless, just
where they left her.
Katsuki never leaves a conversation with Sensei feeling satisfied. After the USJ, Katsuki
respects the man, if grudgingly, but ever since Midoriya entered the picture, Sensei’s

priorities have been clear. If he had it his way, Katsuki would have been booted into class 1B, no longer his mess to deal with.
“Fucking peachy,” Katsuki replies.
He just needs to do what he always does — win.

Chapter End Notes

Taking each pair to a separate location sounds super impractical, so I’ve decided that
Ground Beta is simply fucking huge, actually.
—————
Izuku: Wow, Hitoshi looks so good in his costume
Aoyama: You’re attracted to him
Izuku: For the last time — I am not a magnet
((fun fact that will never be explicitly stated in-text: izuku is demi-ace))
Kaminari: Hey, so, you were in Hosu with Rogue — Midoriya, I mean. What was that
like? To be totally clear, I am not gay for Midoriya, I just—
Hitoshi: That makes one of us.
Aizawa: Who do we pair with Bakugou?
Class 1-A: Not it!
Yaoyorozu: —Not it!
Aizawa: Too slow.
—————
Next part: One for All - Part XI
There should only be 4 to 6 parts remaining in OfA. I expect 4, but I’m giving myself a
bit of wiggle room, because I’ve learned my lesson. You have no idea how many
comments I get about my “this story should only be 17 chapters” note. Oh, the hubris of
youth.
((funnily enough, while my original “chapters” ballooned obscenely, there’s actually
only going to be 15 “arcs,” so i kind of overestimated, actually))

Chapter 53: One for All - Part XI
Chapter Notes

CW for the exact amount of violence you should expect from practical exams

See the end of the chapter for more notes

As practical exams begin, a roaring blast of wind tears the last of Recovery Girl’s
announcement out of the air and takes the walls of several buildings along with it. Four long
bounds carry Toshinori down the furrow of destruction he’s made — a distance that he could
have covered in three, if not for added resistance weighing down each of his limbs. The
difference is more pronounced than Toshinori would have guessed, but it’s not so great that
his students see him coming.
Midoriya’s eyes widen when Toshinori appears, towering over the boy, knocked to the
ground as he was by Toshinori’s first attack. Midoriya flips onto his hands and knees, lunging
out of the way just as Toshinori’s fist pummels a crater into the asphalt. Even without making
contact, the blow topples Midoriya, forcing him to tuck into a roll.
“Running already?” Toshinori taunts. “Where’s your partner, I wonder?”
Midoriya pops up to his feet without a response. In a quick, smooth motion, he extends one
arm upwards and pulls his other fist back, like an archer taking aim at the sky. The instant he
opens his hand, a slab of asphalt the size of Toshinori’s head leaps up from the ground where
the boy had been, following the same steep angle as his arm. The rubble clips Toshinori from
jaw to shoulder as he narrowly dodges out of its path.
Midoriya tosses another piece of debris into the air and draws his invisible bow once again.
Now that he sees it coming, Toshinori catches the missile aimed at his face with ease — a
softball-sized hunk of brick that is dwarfed by Toshinori’s palm and reduced to gravel in his
grip.
“Good try, hero, but—”
Frost forms a crust over Toshinori’s skin, giving him just a second to brace himself before the
ice explodes around him to form one of the massive, crystalline glaciers that Todoroki tends
to open his fights with. While admittedly very cold, it’s not nearly enough to contain
Toshinori, but before he can break through, the ice splinters around him. A massive force
travels through the structure, shattering it into countless pieces that are all flung backwards
along the vector created by another draw-and-release of Midoriya’s arms. Needle-like
splinters of ice bombard Toshinori, small enough that they melt against his body heat and
sharp enough that the drops of water they leave on his skin are tinted pink by blood.

“A sneak attack!” Toshinori shouts over the sound of cracking ice. “How unlike you, young
Todoroki!”
He’s not yet managed to lay eyes on Todoroki, and Midoriya doesn’t give him a chance to
look, rapidly closing the distance between them by crouching on a block of cement that he
launches into the air. It’s a similar maneuver to one he made during the first round of the
sports festival — which makes it predictable.
Toshinori yanks Midoriya out of the air, grabbing him by his ankle when he leaps into a
flying kick. With his free hand, Toshinori catches the boy’s wrists, restricting his range of
motion and effectively nullifying the quirk he is using — evidenced by the fact that Toshinori
isn’t immediately sent flying.
Dropping Midoriya’s leg, Toshinori lets the boy dangle instead by the arms. While Toshinori
digs a branch of rebar out of a nearby pile of rubble, Midoriya swings his legs up to wrap
around Toshinori’s elbow, giving him the leverage he needs to try to break Toshinori’s hold
on him. It’s not enough, of course, but he tries.
Toshinori is, in all honesty, a little bit disappointed. Midoriya had caught him off guard,
enough so that Toshinori had actually felt pressured for a moment, but the boy had clearly
been relying on that element of surprise, based on his lack of follow-up. Had Midoriya really
staked his hopes on taking Toshinori out so quickly?
With the rebar bent into restraining loops around Midoriya’s wrists, Toshinori shakes off the
grip of the boy’s legs and tosses him to the ground. He tumbles and lands awkwardly,
struggling to right himself without the use of his arms. It won’t keep him out of the fight for
long, but Toshinori only needs a moment to locate Todoroki and turn the tides of the battle in
his favor.
A flare of light dazzles Toshinori’s eyes when he turns to search for his second student, great
plumes of fire briefly shocking him with their heat. He’s gratified to see that Todoroki is
giving the exam his all — he’s started using his fire since internships, but still favors his ice
by a large margin. The curtain of flame before Toshinori now is far, far larger than Toshinori
has seen from Todoroki before, and it is uncharacteristically well-behaved.
Ah, of course. The pyrokinesis quirk that carried Midoriya through the sports festival would
eliminate any of Todoroki’s concerns about his own control, wouldn’t it? It’s a clever, if
obvious, synergy between the two, one that Midoriya can take advantage of even while
immobilized.
Unfortunately for his students, Toshinori has spent decades fighting alongside Endeavor, a
comrade hardly known for restraint. Fire doesn’t faze him. Toshinori tucks his face into his
elbow and shoulders his way forward without hesitation, shielded from the brunt of the heat
by his suit and moving too quickly for the tamed flames to catch on his a hair.
The boy waiting behind the curtain of fire drives an ice-coated fist into Toshinori’s gut. It’s a
lucky blow, or else a mercilessly aimed one, landing in the precise spot that chases blood up
Toshinori’s throat from his stomach. Still, it comes as no surprise, the ambush clear from a
mile away.

No, what surprises Toshinori are the green eyes that meet his own.
“Young Midoriya—?”
Where is Todoroki?
A hand slaps Toshinori between the shoulder blades. He goes from stationary to barreling
through the air in the span of a second. The acceleration is brutal, his body suddenly straining
against itself, bone slamming into muscle and fighting against skin. Toshinori flies across the
street, through one wall, a second, a third. As he smashes through the fourth, he manages to
find a hand-hold in the hole created by his body, forcing himself to a lurching halt. Dust
hangs thick in the air, so much so that the blood Toshinori spits is mixed with grit by the time
it splatters on the ground.
Toshinori ducks, a sheet of metal flying over his head fast enough to punch through the haze,
carrying a plume of dust with it into the next room. Midoriya, riding atop it, jumps, trying to
guide his descent with a ramp of ice as Todoroki would, but only half succeeding. Toshinori
grabs the boy as he skids gracelessly, twisting his arm behind his back to prevent him from
activating his quirk.
Midoriya lights his arm on fire, instead.
Startled, Toshinori shoves the boy away, but not before noticing how Midoriya’s skin reddens
painfully, lacking Todoroki’s invulnerability to the flames he creates. Midoriya goes down
hard, but is dragging himself back to his feet almost immediately, without a sound or a wince.
“You’ve been awfully quiet, hero,” Toshinori observes. “Nothing to say?”
Midoriya smiles, all teeth, no joy, and holds up a single finger. The middle one. It is so out of
character that Toshinori actually laughs, if only for half a second before his lungs protest
against the dirty air.
One of the boy’s famous clones, then. To think that Toshinori had been underwhelmed by
Midoriya’s strategy, all the while oblivious to where the boys even were.
What to do with them, then? Assuming that both iterations of Midoriya that Toshinori’s faced
so far were, in fact, clones, he can conclude that they’re no where near as formidable as
Midoriya himself, but their persistence poses a problem. Toshinori has seen the footage from
Hosu. The clone that was captured by Shigaraki Tomura had still been moving with his hands
halfway through its head.
Toshinori grins around the grim feeling in his chest and reminds himself of the character he is
meant to be playing. The crack of his knuckles echoes through the room. “Excellent. If
you’re not alive, then I don’t need to worry about killing you.”
Defensive flames flicker to life along the clone’s left side only to gutter out a second later,
when Toshinori collides with it. He punches it in the stomach, hard enough to fold it in half
over his fist. Midoriya is small compared to many of his classmates; compared to Toshinori,

he’s tiny. The clone is smashed right off its feet, through the tunnel Toshinori had blasted
through the walls, back into the street.
Toshinori catches it from behind before it can hit the ground, spinning in place and gaining
speed with each turn as the clone struggles against the centrifugal force. Another Midoriya
sprints to meet them, too slow to be the genuine article, and certainly too slow to make a
difference.
Toshinori releases the clone, passing on all the momentum he’s built up to fling it back
towards the same building they just left, the one Toshinori had shot through like a bullet. The
clone crashes into it like a wrecking ball.
From the point of impact, the exterior wall begins to fall inwards in great chunks. Fissures
spread ever faster through the concrete and brick as the integrity of the structure, already
compromised, starts to decay exponentially. Glass rains into the street as windows shatter in
their frames. Stone grinds, metal groans, and the second floor collapses into the first.
Spires of ice sprout through the fractures in the building’s crumbling facade, an effort to
prevent the building from coming down, or else protect the clone beneath. But the clone lacks
experience with the quirk delegated to it, and ice is brittle. It buckles under the weight of the
collapse faster than the clone can fortify it.
And then, everything is still, only dust left to settle.
Something does not need to be alive, Toshinori finds, for its destruction to feel like a death. It
is probably for the best that the second clone doesn’t give him time to dwell on what he has
done for the first.

Playing god is a curious turn of phrase. It’s employed almost exclusively in regards to
megalomaniacal acts of destruction, which implies rather interesting things about humanity’s
idea of divinity. To equate destructive capability to godliness is to look in a mirror and
worship the reflection. Creation is godly; destruction is only human.
Nedzu is not human, nor does he fancy himself a god, but he has done his fair share of each.
He’s come to the private conclusion that humans’ destructive nature is yet another symptom
of their mortality — it takes a fraction of the time to tear something down as it does to build
it up, after all.
From concept to execution, Nedzu invested nearly a decade into Ground Beta’s construction.
In eight seconds, he demolishes three buildings, two cars, five street lights, several blocks of
roadway, and innumerous miscellania. Rubble forms a high ridge in front of the escape gate,
simultaneously destroying any hope Shinsou and Kaminari had of making a clean escape. A

robot patrolling the area — discarded at the end of the entrance exam and revived at the start
of the practical — loses an already-damaged arm to a flying slab of rooftop.
Knowing exactly where his students intend to go makes it far too easy to prevent them from
getting there. The boys had scurried inside at the start of the exam, which does complicate
Nedzu’s job somewhat, given that he’d rather avoid knocking a building down on top of
them, but the challenge isn’t insurmountable. Taking into account how much time has elapsed
and the infrastructure of this sector, Nedzu can predict their position and accommodate
appropriately. The margin of error in such calculations is unfortunately wide — there’s no
way to know for certain where the boys are, only where they may be, and where they
definitely aren’t — which precludes Nedzu from chasing them as he had intended.
How disappointing. In Nedzu’s head, Shinsou and Kaminari’s frantic flight from the city
collapsing at their heels had been quite the entertaining spectacle. He’ll have to settle for
cutting off routes and herding them towards obstacles, instead. His teacup rattles against its
saucer as he pivots the crane towards his next target.
A strategy as paltry as this wouldn’t even have been worth attempting against Izuku. Placing
the boy in a brawl is truly a waste. Strength on the level of Memorial is rare enough to be
remarkable, and Nedzu will confess that he’s eager to review Izuku’s battle against Yagi, but
there will be no shortage of opportunities to gauge Izuku’s strength. His intelligence, on the
other hand, is rare enough to be unrecognizable. Few other than Nedzu will be able to see that
gift for what it is, much less hone it. Nedzu feels the limits of time keenly — it takes far
longer to build something up than to tear it down, after all, and Izuku is putting himself back
together from scratch.
Shinsou, at least, is a promising consolation prize. He’s intelligent enough in his own right,
and in many ways, he resembles Nedzu more than any student since Shouta — Izuku
included. While Shinsou’s physical abilities have seen impressive improvement since the
sports festival, he will never have enough raw power to fall back on it in times of crisis. Like
Nedzu, Shinsou weaponizes his enemies’ weaknesses more than his own strength. Whatever
the boy comes up with is sure to be interesting, if not effective.
As if to prove the point, Nedzu’s phone rings. He pulls it free from the pocket of his slacks
and stares at the screen for a delighted moment before answering.
“Hello, Shinsou,” Nedzu says down the line. He pours himself another cup of tea as he talks
— only half-full, so the liquid can slosh with the vibrations of the crane without escaping
over the cup’s rim. “I wasn’t expecting your call. You’re not meant to have your phone on
your person during school hours, you know.”
“I consider it part of my gear,” Shinsou counters immediately. “Aren’t these exams meant to
be realistic? Realistically, I would bring my phone to a fight.” From the deliberate way he
emphasizes the word realistically, Shinsou will be milking this justification for all that it’s
worth. Exactly as he should.
“Would you also be calling your enemy in the middle of battle?”
“If I had their number, maybe.”

“And how did you get my number?”
“I could ask you the same thing. I’m sure it’s totally cool and fine for you to have a student’s
personal number saved to your phone when they’ve never disclosed that information to you.”
With Shinsou unwilling to disclaim his source, Nedzu makes the safe assumption that Izuku
shared it with him. A phone number is least among the things Izuku would hand over if
Shinsou asked.
Nedzu doesn’t have so handy or politically correct an explanation. He had acquired Shinsou’s
phone number out of curiosity and a vague sense that he may want it some day. Rather than
waiting for that day to come, Nedzu had taken the initiative. Some people would say that this
was an abuse of power and many more would consider it inappropriate. Nedzu considers it
the most efficient path to an inevitable outcome. Humans give external variables too much
restrictive influence over the dynamics of their social networks, in his opinion. But there are
some things one must resign themself to when one is a singular being living among a species
that numbers in the billions.
“Fair enough,” Nedzu acquiesces. “To what do I owe your call?”
“I was wondering if you’d be interested in an experiment,” Shinsou proposes. Experiment, in
this context, is a deliberately chosen buzz-word, but Nedzu’s curiosity propels him forward,
all the same.
“What did you have in mind?”
“I have no idea if my quirk works over the phone. I’ve been meaning to test it, except phone
calls are horrible and I hate them.”
“My physiology and psychology are entirely unlike yours,” Nedzu points out. Humans have a
subconscious tendency to make sense of him through the same lens through which they view
people with extreme mutation quirks: differently shaped, but fundamentally the same. In
actuality, the fundamental differences between them are vast enough that Nedzu does not
identify as a person at all. “You can’t be sure that your quirk would affect me to begin with.
You’re conflating variables.”
“Further testing may be required,” Shinsou acknowledges shortly, growing impatient with
their game. “Look — are you in or out?”
Shinsou’s question is pointed and transparent. He doesn’t bother making even a cursory
attempt to obfuscate his intentions. Why bother, when Nedzu’s own fatal flaw eliminates any
need for deception? He will walk knowingly into a trap, just to see what happens when it
springs.
“In, of course,” Nedzu replies without hesitation.
“Surrender,” Shinsou orders blandly.
“And put an end to the fun?” Nedzu swings the crane around, knocking the top half of an
apartment building onto the neighboring shopping complex. “I think not.”

Shinsou sighs. “How anticlimactic.”
“Don’t let it discourage you. The vast majority of scientific discoveries are simply that one
thing or another doesn’t work.”
“Actually,” Shinsou drawls, “it worked kind of perfectly. Other than—”
Nedzu hangs up.
He is uninterested in Kaminari Denki. The boy will make a fine hero someday, but Nedzu has
seen hundreds of fine heroes, and very few have given him reason to truly care about them as
individuals. Generally speaking, he focuses on the bigger picture, and only concerns himself
with people insofar as they are important pieces of that picture.
There are exceptions, of course — people whose value doesn’t come from their usefulness.
People whose mere existence is enough to capture Nedzu’s attention. Shuzenji Chiyo.
Aizawa Shouta. Izuku. To name a few. Shinsou Hitoshi is on the cusp of joining that list.
Kaminari Denki most certainly is not.
Shinsou has twisted this disparity to his benefit, as well. The trap he set up so clearly was
only bait for another.
Nedzu hadn’t forgotten about Kaminari, exactly, but he had invested more of his attention
into Shinsou than he should have, giving Kaminari time to act unhindered. He has not
approached the escape gate — he wouldn’t have been able to avoid engaging with the robots,
and Nedzu would never be so negligent as to miss the light show that confrontation would
cause. The boys have opted to make a move against Nedzu directly, then, and Kaminari is
already in position to do so.
Nedzu has miscalculated. How embarrassing. How interesting.
Ground Beta is, in theory, a fully functional city — there is even an extensive plan in place to
make it just that, should there ever be an attack or catastrophe on such a scale to warrant its
use as an evacuation site. But the fact remains that Ground Beta rarely needs to function. As
a result, machines such as the one Nedzu is currently piloting are essentially decorative props
for the majority of the year. Keeping equipment that is rarely used in perfect repair is a waste
of resources.
All this to say, there’s an 83% chance that an electrical surge will cause the crane’s cabin to
combust. Nedzu says farewell to his tea and launches himself from his seat, jumping the long
way down to the churned dirt of the construction site.

The moment of Erasure’s activation is immediately obvious to anyone who is using their
quirk. Constant low-level quirk use can, therefore, function like a canary in a coal mine. In

theory, it makes for a sound early-warning system. In practice, it’s only a waste of energy.
Tying Erasure’s activation to Shouta’s presence is a logical fallacy — he has no intention of
giving his students any warning at all.
Yaoyorozu’s eyes dart around with nervous vigilance, every way but up. Looking up is a
lesson that most people need to learn the hard way. It’s a fun one to teach.
“Stop with those stupid fucking dolls!” Bakugou snaps, the sparks in his palm crackling
louder in his agitation. He glares pointedly at one of several dolls that have fallen free from
Yaoyorozu’s belt. “He’ll follow that shit straight to us!”
Yaoyorozu holds the doll she has just pulled from her arm in front of her chest, fingers lacing
together around its small body. That both she and Bakugou are using their quirks is a
redundancy that exemplifies their complete failure to coordinate.
“If you didn’t want to be found,” Yaoyorozu says, tone mild but challenging by virtue of the
fact that she’s speaking up at all, “you wouldn’t be yelling.”
Bakugou squints at her, sneers, and seems for a long moment to be considering retaliation.
“Well, he’s going to fucking find us, one way or another,” he scoffs in the end. Yaoyorozu’s
distaste for his language shows on her face, but she nods. They’re both smart enough to
realize that much, if not that they’ve already been found. “Figure the sooner he does, the
more time we have to grind his ass into the dirt. Not that it’ll take long, but I want to get this
shit over with.”
We, Bakugou says. That’s curious. He’s made absolutely no attempts to work with
Yaoyorozu, but he hasn’t completely excluded her, either.
Shouta takes note of that development as pulls his goggles over his eyes and slips silently
from the rooftop to a fourth-floor balcony below. It’s the stupidest balcony he’s ever seen,
jutting out over the alley between two buildings that are so close together he could touch the
neighboring wall if he leaned over the railing. The tight space serves his purposes, though,
and the railing will be useful.
Walking a short distance behind Shouta, Bakugou and Yaoyorozu should be passing the alley
any moment. If Shouta were to wait until he saw them, he would be too late, but Bakugou’s
quirk is just loud enough for him to track them by sound. His students and his capture
weapon reach the mouth of the alley simultaneously.
Bakugou and Yaoyorozu are wise enough to walk in the middle of the street, as far from any
blind corners as possible. Watchful as she is, Yaoyorozu has about two seconds to spot the
attack and finally look up, following the line of Shouta’s capture weapon to where he
crouches on the balcony rail. The doll she is crafting tumbles past her fingers to the ground,
where it bounces into Bakugou’s heel. His head whips to the side, teeth already bared, but not
at Yaoyorozu; his instincts are good enough to lead him right to Shouta.
All in, Bakugou has just under a second of warning. His reflexes are good, as well, enough so
that a single second is time enough for him to react, though not quite time enough to evade.

With a flick of Shouta’s wrist, two loops of his weapon snap tight around Bakugou’s wrist.
After that, it’s easy. The first strike is always the hardest part of wielding Shouta’s weapon,
but once someone is caught, he has the advantage.
Shouta secures his end of the weapon around his forearm and jumps from the balcony.
Threaded through the railing, his capture weapon acts as a pulley, dragging Bakugou upwards
and forwards until his feet leave the ground. He kicks fiercely at the air while Shouta winches
him higher. When Bakugou’s about two and a half stories above the ground, Shouta ties his
capture weapon off to let the boy dangle, bouncing and swaying from his own flailing,
cursing himself blue in the face. Ideally, Shouta would have bound the boy’s mouth closed,
but leaving him here with his breathing obstructed, even partially, isn’t something Shouta is
willing to do.
“What the fuck kind of bullshit is this?! You said you wouldn’t fucking go easy on me, you
half-dead hobo-ass bastard!” Shouta raises his eyebrows minutely and wonders how Bakugou
rationalizes his own contradictions. In his head, he is stronger than Shouta and yet Shouta can
incapacitate him while holding back. Thin streams of smoke curl through the gaps in the
wrap of the binding cloth. “I can blast myself out of this shit in a second, and when I do,
you’re fucking dead! You’ll use your fucking quirk if you want to keep your head on your
shoulders!”
Shouta sighs and turns to his other student. He watches Yaoyorozu pick herself up from the
ground while he digs through his costume for the cubes he brought along. Patches of road
rash paint her left elbow and outer thigh pink and red. She had been dragged a few feet across
the road when Bakugou was pulled off his feet. He had grabbed her, in that second he had to
react to Shouta's attack.
As for why, Shouta can think of more reasons that Bakugou wouldn’t do such a thing than
reasons he would. He wouldn’t have needed to steady himself. He wouldn’t have reached out
for assurance. He wouldn’t have tried to use her as a shield.
Would he have tried to protect her? Shouta wouldn’t expect it of him, but… maybe.
Ultimately, it’s irrelevant. If Bakugou had acted in any way out of concern or consideration
for his partner, none of that motivation has survived his ire over having been bested. He
doesn’t spare Yaoyorozu a word in his infuriated rambling.
Shouta sighs again, pulling the cubes he was looking for from his pocket. About a dozen of
them fit into his palm, small enough that he can easily squeeze his hand closed around them
before he tosses them up into the air. They scatter wide and high, breaking into halves that
are propelled in opposite directions. Where they hit the alley walls, they stick, each anchor
connected to its counterpart by a thin wire, near-invisible in the well of shadow that settles
between the buildings.
“Try not to cut yourself in half when you get free,” Shouta warns Bakugou. In the intervening
moments, Yaoyorozu has recovered and fled. Shouta noticed her escape, of course, but he’s
still mildly surprised that she’s gone. Running now may be the most decisive action he has
ever witnessed her take. “She abandoned you so easily. Then again, you didn’t give her much
reason to stay.”

“Like I need help from some fucking coward—”
“Implying that you do need help,” Shouta interrupts. At this point, it’s unclear to him how
much of Bakugou’s attitude is genuine and how much is reflexive posturing, but neither
possibility increases the amount of patience Shouta has for it. “You excel in your strengths,
Bakugou, but as long as you refuse to let others cover for your weaknesses, those will be
what defines you. Think about that.”
Bakugou doesn’t argue. He’s certainly gotten better at listening, even if his glower says that
he resents every word he’s hearing. All he has to say, as Shouta turns to pursue Yaoyorozu, is
a muttered complaint: “Like I need more things to fucking think about.”
Any lead Yaoyorozu has is negated by the experience gap between them; Shouta is far better
at chasing people down than she is at running away. It doesn’t help that she has already
sabotaged any chance of hiding that she may have had. Bakugou was antagonistic just for the
sake of it, but he was also correct — the dolls were a conspicuous and unwise choice.
The bright red paint makes the dolls easy to spot, even if the trail is thin, but ultimately it
leads him to a dead-end. Four of Yaoyorozu’s matryoshka dolls have been haphazardly
discarded in the narrow space between the back of a house and the hedge that separates it
from its neighbor. Either she has intentionally led Shouta on a wild goose chase — she’s
clever enough — or she finally realized that she was toting around a liability for no reason.
Regardless, she’s bought herself a few minutes, at most.
In no hurry, Shouta crouches to pick up one one of the dolls, examining the surprisingly
intricate paintwork. What’s the point? Creating various pigments in addition to the base
structure must expend more effort and energy. Yaoyorozu might be due for a conversation on
the importance of practicality. Not even a limelight hero needs to make a spectacle of every
little thing they do — though watching some of them at work would give the opposite
impression.
The doll is heftier than Shouta would have expected, as well. He weighs it in his hand, then
taps a knuckle against its head. Yaoyorozu’s choice of construct indicates practice and
familiarity with the design — apparently so much so that she has defaulted to creating entire
sets. The damned thing isn’t hollow.
“Really?” Shouta mutters, and splits the doll open.
Because he is a fucking fool.
Pressurized gas hisses like a testy cobra when its released, and some ancient instinct has
Shouta freezing for just a second before he chucks the doll away. The tight confines between
the house and the hedge brings his throw up short, the doll’s body glancing off the wall and
into the ground less than ten feet away, where it splits fully open.
For the first time, the weights around Shouta’s wrists and ankles pose an actual problem
rather than a mild inconvenience. Jumping blind for with his center of balance disrupted,
Shouta barely manages to get a grip on the house’s eaves to pull himself up onto the roof. He
bites curses through his teeth as pushes his goggles up and off. Goddamned fucking slotted

design disguises his sight-line, but it doesn’t do shit to stop Yaoyorozu from fucking gassing
him.
It’s about time the most promising member of his class stopped tip-toeing around her own
potential, like she’s as afraid of being remarkable as she is of failing. Later, when Shouta isn't
contemplating all the ways he could make the girl's death look like an accident, he will be
proud.

Chapter End Notes

Izuku: My clone has something to say to you…
All Might: Oh? I’m sorry, but I don’t know sign language
Clone: *flips him off*
All Might: …
Izuku: …do you need me to translate?
All Might: No, I think I got it
Nedzu: How did you get my number?
Hitoshi: Uno reverse. Checkmate.
Nedzu: I’m unsure how to feel about your mixed use of metaphors, but I concede defeat.
Nedzu: Unfortunately, I have to exercise caution to ensure that I don’t knock a building
down on top of one of my students
All Might: Haha, yeah, that would be bad
Yaoyorozu: I don’t want to hurt Aizawa-Sensei, but I’m sure he’ll be fine if I only
pepper-spray him a little…
Katsuki: Fuck yeah
Yaoyorozu: …your approval is making me second-guess myself
—————
Next part: One for All - Part XII

Chapter 54: One for All - Part XII
Chapter Notes

Hello, sorry it’s been a while again. I finally stopped rewriting the first three chapters of
my novel over and over again — which is to say that I’ve been making actual forward
progress instead, so I’m trying to only work on IGG in bits in pieces. This chapter also
did just take forever for me to write for some reason (the reason is Momo, sorry Momo).

See the end of the chapter for more notes

For all that Shouto hates his quirk, losing it casts light on just how much he has allowed it to
define him. Part of him has always been certain that he would be a fundamentally better
person without his father’s flames. That part of him is thoroughly disappointed to find that he
feels exactly the same. He inspects his hands for any evidence of a transformation. His nails
are longer than usual, but that’s been true for a couple of days. He needs to trim them.
“A-are you alright?” Izuku asks, clearly on edge. Probably because Shouto is scowling.
“Shouldn’t I feel different?”
“No.”
Shouto scowls a bit harder. Of course he’d never miss his quirk, but that’s not the point. He’d
hardly miss his scar if it were to disappear, but his reflection would still look strange to him
in its absence. When something important changes, for better or for worse, that’s supposed to
make a difference. If everything feels the same, that must mean nothing important has
changed.
“I thought something would happen,” he says.
Izuku blinks. “Something has happened. I stole your quirk.”
“I thought something note-worthy would happen,” Shouto clarifies. He drops his hands back
to his sides. “I don’t like this.”
Izuku winces. “I’ll g-give it b-back as s-s-soon as—”
“Not that,” Shouto interrupts. Thinking of his quirk as unimportant is deeply uncomfortable,
in the same way that visiting his mother for the first time was uncomfortable — but that has
very little to do with Izuku. “I mean that I don’t see why I should run when I can fight.”
“If we fight, then there’s a chance we lose.”

“You’re fighting,” Shouto points out tautly. Already, the sound of combat drifts from the
direction Izuku sent his clones — and Izuku can’t argue that it’s just the clones fighting when
he’s planning to join them.
“That’s not a fight,” Izuku says. A reverberating boom immediately contradicts his claim.
“That’s a distraction. It’s— You r-really should get going. I don’t know how much time we
have. Remember—”
“Stay away from the main road,” Shouto recites flatly. Disliking the plan as much as he does
makes it hard to forget. “Approach the gate from an angle. Making too much noise or
disturbing the environment can cancel out the quirk, so don’t do that. How do I know if it’s
working, anyway?”
Izuku blinks again. “R-right! You just— well, it… uh. You know, I— I’ve never a-actually
had to explain this before?” His brows pull together as he covers his mouth, mumbling his
thoughts into his palm. Finally, he snaps his fingers. “Ah! You know that feeling where you
want to disappear completely?”
Shouto makes sure he blinks while he stares. Shinsou has told him that he doesn’t blink
enough.
“No,” he replies. “Are you okay?”
The abrupt reddening of Izuku’s face doubles Shouto’s concerns for his health. “W-what?”
Izuku asks, voice squeaking through the higher end of his register. “Yes! It’s— I— I’m f-fine.
It’s not th-that— what? You’ve n-never wanted to be inv-visible?”
Disappearing completely and being invisible are entirely different things. Not to mention that
Izuku has repeatedly emphasized that the quirk he calls Wallflower is not invisibility. Calling
Izuku out on the contradiction would — allegedly, reportedly — make Shouto a pedantic
bastard, so he doesn’t do that.
“Oh,” he says simply. Vibrations from the battle shake the ground beneath his feet. “I have
wanted that, yes.”
“Okay then!” Izuku’s relief as he regains his composure makes it clear that Shouto has done
something right. “It’s— It’s like that. Focusing on n-not wanting to be seen should do the ttrick. Stick to the plan and you might not even need it.”
“I hate the plan,” Shouto says plainly.
Izuku grimaces. “I— I know. I’m sorry. It’s all I could think of.” Fingers tapering to long
black points, he jumps up to scale the building beside them, boring hand-holds directly into
the brick. Chewing his lip, he glances down to Shouto one last time and says, “I’m ccounting on you.”
Izuku slips onto the rooftops as silent as a shadow. Left in the alley alone, Shouto frowns to
himself. This plan that he hates is all Izuku could think of, but it’s not all Shouto could think

of. From someone who usually listens so well, Izuku’s oddly uncompromising stance is as
insulting as it is frustrating.
Out of all his father’s expectations, Shouto has always resented obedience the most.
A building collapses in a catastrophic rain of ice and stone just as Shouto reaches the main
street. Mindful of Izuku’s warnings, he silently hurdles any loose debris in his path. Some
distance away, at the center of the action, All Might is taken to the ground with enough force
to crack it beneath him. That Izuku’s knocked the number one hero off his feet comes as no
surprise — it’s the main reason Shouto wants to badly to fight; he’s sure they can win.
Over All Might’s prone form, Izuku catches sight of him. Their eyes meet for only a moment
before a second Izuku falls between them. He lands heel-first on the back of All Might’s
skull, driving the hero’s face back into the dust.
This Izuku, Shouto realizes, is the real one. No wide-eyed, smiling clone could replicate that
glare. Shouto chafes under the look but refuses to let it shake him. When they win, Izuku will
see that they’re stronger together. He won’t be upset, then.
In the meantime, there’s nothing he can do. Anything that could be done to get rid of Shouto
would also risk exposing him. Izuku’s best option is to cooperate, whether he likes it or not.
Maybe Shouto should feel bad for essentially backing his friend into a corner — but then
again, Izuku started it.
“A third?” All Might asks as he staggers to his feet, spitting into the cracks of the street that
spiderweb around him. Fully upright, he eclipses Izuku almost entirely from Shouto’s view.
“I’m already tired of dealing with you zygotes.”
“It’s not like they’re hard to kill,” Izuku dismisses. As he speaks, he strafes slowly to the
side, his clone moving in the opposite direction. From this new angle, Shouto can see Izuku’s
face. His smile is as deadly as his glare.
Déjà vu prickles across the back of Shouto’s neck like gathering frost.
In his memories, Shigaraki is nothing but corpse-stiff fingers and casual cruelty. Izuku may
consider the man a brother, but brotherhood is ultimately an alien concept to Shouto. His own
siblings are little more than strangers who share his blood. Izuku and Shigaraki don’t even
share that much, Shouto thought.
He realizes now that this is what they share instead: smiles that are threats and taunts that are
barbed to stick under skin.
“What’s the problem?” Izuku goads. All Might follows him as he turns. “You’ve hurt plenty
of people, but my clones make you hesitate? Even if they could feel pain, it’s not like they
can scream.”
The clone lunges at All Might’s exposed back. He catches it by the wrists and tosses it to the
side without a glance. It hits the side of a car, shattering the window and denting the door.

“That’s the spirit,” Izuku praises. “You really don’t know how to hold back, do you?”
“You’ve gotten reckless, showing your hand so early.”
“Don’t worry, my deck is loaded.”
Already, the clone is back on its feet. All Might pays it no mind as it grabs its own arm,
jostling its shoulder with a gruesome crack that renders the limb unresponsive.
“And what of your partner?” All Might questions. “I’d say that I’m surprised young Todoroki
hasn’t made an appearance, but then, you’ve left him defenseless, haven’t you?”
“He’s not defenseless,” Izuku argues, irritation bleeding into his airy affect. His eyes don’t so
much as flicker in Shouto’s direction. “He has me to defend him.”
Close enough to the pair that any sound might give away his position, Shouto traps his scoff
in his throat. He’s hardly helpless. He’s the one that’s going to end this fight. He just needs an
opening.
“You’re so confident in your ability to protect him?” All Might challenges. “Well, let this be
a lesson to you. Overestimating yourself is just as dangerous as underestimating your
opponent.”
Stance wide, All Might reels an arm back. Izuku drops to the ground, rolling to the side just
as All Might unleashes a massive attack. Wind strong enough to wrench sign posts from the
sidewalk howls down the street, scouring a direct path to the escape gate.
Even from his position mostly behind All Might, Shouto’s hair whips stinging lines across his
eyes. Crouched low, face sheltered against his shoulder and hands anchored in the ground,
Izuku can’t evade the elbow that All Might slams into his temple. He crumples sideways, the
sharp points of his fingers gouging furrows into the asphalt as the wind rips him a few feet
down the street before finally dying down.
With a toe, All Might flips Izuku onto his back. Izuku’s arm sways as he lashes out, head
injury obvious in his lack of coordination. All Might plucks the twisted remnants of what
might have been a bike rack from concrete as easily as a flower from the grass. The metal
splits stone with a noise like the crack of a gun, stapling Izuku down.
Teeth grit, Shouto shifts and then forces himself still. Without his ice, it is more important
than ever that he choose his moments carefully.
“Well?” All Might says, bracing his foot atop the restraint to press it further down. He grins,
his signature smile distorted like an ill-fitting mask as he holds his fist up. “Did that hit him,
do you think?”
Had Shouto followed the plan, it would have.
The first capture cuff locks into place around All Might’s wrist with a damning click. Izuku’s
laugh bubbles into a wet cough.

“You missed,” Shouto says.

Eyes softly unfocused, Denki crouches with his chin propped on the edge of the huge tablething full of all the buttons and switches that control the surveillance system in this area of
Ground Beta. Shinsou stands next to him, focus flickering between several monitors like he
can actually make sense of what he’s seeing. Thank god one of them can. Denki’ll look at
once screen, get distracted by movement on another, and then immediately forget what he
saw on both. It makes his head hurt.
“I have a stupid idea,” Shinsou announces just as the boredom is reaching critical levels.
Denki perks up, headache leaving his list of priorities so quickly that he forgets the pain.
“Love those,” he says without pause. “They’re, like, the only kind I have. Hit me.”
“There’s a swarm of robots at the escape gate, and—”
“Leave the robots to me,” Denki says, hooking a proud thumb at his chest.
“—and Nedzu’s already blocking off the path there. So. I was thinking.” Shinsou’s mouth
twists into a grimace before smoothing flat. He rolls his eyes up and stares disinterestedly at
the ceiling.
Denki gives Shinsou a moment to continue and nudges when he doesn’t, “Dude, I’m all ears.
For real.”
Shinsou narrows his eyes like Denki’s playing a nasty joke or something. Denki gives his
best non-nasty not-joking grin but that only makes Shinsou squint more. Maybe he needs
glasses, actually.
Finally, he says, “No one ever said we have to escape through the gate.”
“Huh.” Blinking, Denki falls back from his crouch to his butt, crossing his legs. “I don’t get
it. What else are we supposed to do?”
“We go over.”
“As in over… the wall?”
“No,” Shinsou sneers, the constant edge to his voice growing downright nasty, “as in over the
rainbow. Yes, over the wall. I already acknowledged that it was a stupid idea. Do you have a
better one?”
Wow, okay. Denki knows insecurity when he sees it, but Shinsou must have attended the
Bakugou School of Self-Expression.

“No,” Denki admits easily, because if he can spend every day with the OG asshole, he can
handle Shinsou. Shinsou didn’t even call him stupid to his face; Denki can work with this.
All things considered, he thinks they’ve been getting along pretty well, actually. “I mean, I
don’t think it’s a bad idea, it’s just— is that allowed?”
“No one said it isn’t,” Shinsou shrugs, picking at the bandages wrapped around his arms.
Leaning back against the control panel, he crosses his ankles over each other, shifting
restlessly.
Thinking back, Denki finds that he can’t remember one way or another. “Good enough for
me!” he decides.
“What, really?” Shinsou asks, looking unimpressed with Denki’s cooperation. "Just like
that?”
“I mean, why not?” Denki grins. “So how are we doing this?”
“I haven’t figured that part out yet,” Shinsou admits, voice flat, ears red in the light of the
monitors. His feet slide across the ground as he leans more heavily against the control panel.
Denki kind of wonders if he’s got bones.
“That’s cool,” Denki assures. Closing his eyes, he presses his fingers to his temples and puts
his all into brainstorming. “We’ll come up with something.”
Over the wall. It’s a pretty tall wall. Climbing’s an obvious no-go. They could—
A sneeze derails Denki’s train of thought before it can even leave the station. He opens his
eyes to level an accusatory glare at the ceiling. Dust drifts down as another demolition
somewhere in the city shakes the building above them.
Seriously? Another one? What’s even the point? The escape gate is already totally blocked
off. Denki’s starting to suspect that the principal is knocking buildings down for fun rather
than profit.
Denki jolts upright. “Hold on,” he says, splaying his hands in the air in front of him. “Give
me a second—”
“Are you—”
“Shut up, man, I’m having an idea!”
Normally, Denki wouldn’t tell someone like Shinsou to shut up — that kind of thing always
backfires with Bakugou, anyway. But considering that a sneeze is enough to scatter Denki’s
thoughts, he clearly can’t afford any distractions.
Once again proving himself at least somewhat more reasonable than Bakugou, Shinsou shuts
up. Pulling himself to his knees, Denki shuffles to his side. The light of the monitors still
shoots through his eyeballs like a laser beam made of demons, but Denki powers through. No
pain no gain, as they say.

“The crane,” he says, pointing to the screen where the machine slowly lumbers towards its
next target. “Screw over, what if we go through?”
“Give Nedzu a taste of his own medicine,” Shinsou says thoughtfully, rubbing the bridge of
his nose.
“Yes!” Denki cheers.
“But even if we get him out of the crane, he’ll know what we’re doing right away. We won’t
be able to knock a hole into the wall and climb through the rubble before he starts causing
problems.”
“Nooo,” Denki groans.
“But I think you might be on to something.”
“Really?” Revitalized, Denki springs to his feet. “Could you, uh— let me in on what,
exactly? Just so we’re on the same page.”
“The crane is pretty tall,” Shinsou says simply. Denki nods. Tallness is basically a crane’s
whole deal. Everyone knows that. “I think it’s taller than the wall.”
The moment Denki realizes what Shinsou is getting at, he stops nodding and starts laughing
nervously. “So what? It’s not like we can climb it or anything.”
A smile splits Shinsou’s face. It’s an absolutely god-awful smile. “Says who?”
“I don’t know, man. Says me, maybe? Sorry, but I just— I don’t think I can do that?”
Shinsou rolls both his neck and his eyes at once. “Relax. You just need to drive the crane.”
“I don’t know if I can do that, either,” Denki admits.
“How hard can it be?”
Maybe that’s not a great argument, and maybe it’s not a great plan, but it’ll definitely make a
great story. So Denki accepts the comm unit Shinsou offers, and next thing he knows, he’s on
his way to possibly-hopefully-not electrocute the principal.
“Kaminari,” Shinsou says, the first thing he’s said since telling Denki off for chatter basically
as soon as they split up, “he’s caught on. Where are you?”
“Exactly where I’m supposed to be,” Denki replies. He shades his eyes with his hand as he
looks up at the crane. Grinning, he watches as a small black and white figure hurtles from the
machine’s cabin. “He bailed.”
“Told you he wouldn’t let you close enough to electrocute him.”
Denki is totally chill with admitting when he’s wrong, but before he can give Shinsou any
credit, Principal Nedzu lands cat-like on all fours. Pressed close to the ground, he runs in

long, bouncing leaps, heading straight for Denki — definitely within the shock zone. Half of
a garbled yelp makes its way into the comm before Denki’s finger flies off the button keeping
the line open.
Static builds up on his skin, crackling through his hair, but Denki really can’t bring himself to
electrocute the principal. Reflexively, he raises his fists to his chest, only to realize that none
of the defensive stances he knows protect his shins. Squeezing his eyes shut, he braces
himself to punt the little guy into next week. Air brushes past his ankles. Denki lashes out,
kicks more air, and falls on his ass with a screech.
Nedzu disappears into stacks of construction material, un-electrocuted, un-punted. A zigzagging trail of paw prints and sneaker tracks marks his path through the dirt.
“Kaminari. What happened.”
Blinking, Denki presses a finger back to the comm, feeling like he has been cursed with
forbidden knowledge. “Dude. You ever seen the principal run?”
“Are you in the crane yet? It won’t take him long to send those robots your way, and who
knows what he’ll do next. You need to move.”
Denki shakes his head and claps his face between his hands. Now’s not the time. Later, he
will spread the tale of their quadrupedal principal far and wide — Sero will say he’s making
it up, but Kirishima and Ashido will definitely believe him. Bakugou will tell him to shut up.
“Kaminari!”
Right. Not the time.
In a bit of a daze, Denki picks himself up and climbs into the crane’s cabin, electricity
popping from his hands the instant they touch metal. He has next to no clue what the inside is
supposed to look like, but he doesn’t think the tea set balanced on the dash is standard issue.
There’s a bunch of other stuff, too — so many things that a yellow warning light for overstimulation flashes on in Denki’s mind.
He has no idea what he’s looking at. Someone could hold a gun to his head, and he wouldn’t
be able to come up with words more specific than stuff and things.
“Alright,” Denki says, setting his hands on the wheel in front of him. Odds seem good that
it’s a steering wheel. How many different kinds of wheels can there be? “Driving’s not hard! I
do this in the arcade all the time. A ten-year-old kicked my butt at a racing game, once.
Driving can’t be hard if a ten-year-old can do it.”
Actually— what does it say that a ten-year-old kicked Denki’s butt? Was the ten-year-old
really good? Or was Denki just that bad?
Banishing his nagging concerns to the back of his head right along side his impulse control,
Denki pulls a lever that might be a break and slams his foot down on a pedal that might be

the gas. The crane lurches drunkenly forward, the awful creaking of it a horrible reminder
that actions have consequences.
Denki immediately removes his foot from the pedal that was indeed the gas. Pressing it back
down in fractions, he guides the crane closer to the wall at a much more manageable crawl.
“Stop there,” Shinsou orders as the crane draws level with his position. From where Denki’s
sitting, the gap between the roof Shinsou’s on and the arm of the crane still seems pretty
wide, and the arm itself seems taller than ever. Tracing the line of it up into the sky is enough
to make Denki’s stomach swoop.
“Are you sure about this?” he asks, one last time.
“I’m sure as hell giving it a shot. I’m going to leave this line open to keep my hands free.
Don’t make me regret it.”
“Aye aye, captain,” Denki replies dutifully. He leans out of the cabin’s open side just in time
to see Shinsou jump off the roof at a dead sprint.
Obviously Denki has been at least vaguely aware of Shinsou since the sports festival, but the
guy’s unexpected win had kind of been overshadowed by Midoriya’s transfer and everything
that followed. And Denki has known since internships that Shinsou’s been training with
Aizawa, but that hadn’t really struck him as anything special. Like, Aizawa is their teacher —
all of 1-A gets training from him on a regular basis.
The difference between a teacher and a mentor only clicks when Denki sees it in action.
Shinsou uses his capture weapon a lot like Sero uses his tape, but there’s a sort of
ruthlessness to the way he moves that’s all Aizawa. Shinsou catches himself just as he start to
fall, capture weapon plenty long enough to wrap around one of the arm’s struts. He swings
around beneath it, arcing high, and uses the weapon’s second half to whip himself around to
the top. As instable as the machine seemed while it was moving, the metal doesn’t so much
as shudder under Shinsou’s weight.
“Jesus,” Shinsou hisses, faint even through the clear mic of the comm. “Everything looks so
easy when Izuku does it.”
Denki bites his lip. Shinsou’s definitely talking to himself; he seems like the type to prefer
that over talking to other people. He also seems like the type to declare a blood feud against
anyone who pries into his business, so Denki isn’t going to do that. But man, the temptation
is real.
“How’s it going up there?” Denki asks, very normally and not at all like he’s literally dying to
know the deal between Midoriya and Shinsou. He’ll have to settle for squeezing gossip out of
Aoyama, second-hand.
“Fantastic,” Shinsou grunts. “Think you can turn this thing? We’re about to have company.”
Denki laughs nervously, eying the joystick-looking-thing that hopefully does what he thinks
it does. “No way to know but to try,” he jokes weakly. “You’re not going to, like, go flying or

anything, right?”
“My seatbelt’s on,” Shinsou replies dryly.
“Okay, funny bit, but is it just a bit, or are you actually—”
“Kaminari. In a hurry, here.”
“Haha, right. Sorry. I’ll just—”
Having learned his lesson from the full-speed-ahead gas pedal incident, Denki tries to use a
light touch with the joystick. Still, he’s surprised by the crane’s quick rotation. It’s not fast
fast — maybe it’s even kind of slow — but it’s so big that it any kind of movement seems
like too much.
“Wait,” Shinsou says abruptly. “Wait, Kaminari. Wait, wait, stop!”
Panic sounds all wrong in Shinsou’s monotone. Flustered, Denki maybe does the opposite of
what he’s told, pressing the joystick far to the right in the middle of a startled spasm. He
snatches his hands away from the crane’s controls all together, ensuring that he can’t make
anything worse the best way he knows how — by touching absolutely nothing.
“What’s going on?” Denki asks, holding his hands in the air like he is awaiting arrest for
classroom crimes. A spark bounces between his fingers before jumping free and dying in his
hair. “It’s kind of too late to back out now!”
“We forgot about the wrecking ball!”
Denki very nearly asks what wrecking ball? That’s how thoroughly he’s forgotten.
In his defense, they had decided not to knock a hole through the wall. If the wrecking ball
wasn’t relevant to the plan, Denki wasn’t supposed to need to think about it. Object
permanence has failed him once again.
He grips his hair by the roots, tugging like he could pull his brain out and shake it.
Denki has just enough time to shriek, “How did we forget about the wrecking ball?!” before
the crash.

Bakugou hangs exactly where Aizawa-Sensei left him. Somehow he’s gotten a length of
capture scarf between his teeth, gnawing at it like an animal at the bars of a cage. Momo
looks up at him and wonders if he ever gets tired of struggling. She is tired, just watching.
“What the fuck are you doing here?” he snaps around the fabric in his mouth.

“I’m here for you, obviously,” she says primly.
“Who the hell asked for that, huh? Get lost!”
Pain alone isn’t going to stop Aizawa-Sensei; he doesn’t need to fully recover, only adapt.
Anxiety is a ticking clock in the back of Momo’s head.
“No,” she says. Resolute, she ducks a wire to begin working on the knot keeping Bakugou
suspended. Her hands are stiff, but steady. “I refuse to waste time pandering to your
superiority complex. You may think you’re too good to work with me, but as long as you’re
hanging here, you’re— you’re useless.”
Momo had spent the whole run back to this alley preparing what to say, vacillating
uncertainly around the boundary between brutally honest and plainly cruel. Even carefully
chosen, her words leave a guilty aftertaste on her tongue, but if she sits idly by and says only
what others want to hear, Bakugou would have her say nothing at all.
“Wow,” he drawls, “did you practice that in front of the mirror this morning?”
Mortification heats Momo’s face. One final tug on the knot sends Bakugou plummeting headfirst towards the ground. Barely managing to get a grip on the fabric before it rushes out of
her hands, Momo throws her weight backwards just in time to stop his skull from cracking on
the pavement. He lands in a graceless, cursing heap.
“We need to work together if we want to pass,” Momo says while Bakugou unravels the
capture weapon from his body.
“You think I don’t know that?” he scoffs, bundling the scarf up in his hands to throw on the
ground. He kicks at it like a toddler. “I know! I could have ditched your ass the second we
started, but I didn’t, did I? So shove your sanctimonious bullshit back up your ass. I don’t
want to hear it.”
A flare of frustration lights in Momo’s chest. She is so sick of asking to speak.
But she is a nice young woman, and nice young women don’t demand to be heard. Nice
young women are beautiful and smart and kind. If they fail to be any of those things, then
they are nothing at all.
Momo’s fists clench against her ribs. Even with her arms folded over her stomach, the
shrewdness of Bakugou’s glare makes her feel cheap and exposed.
“Am I supposed to thank you for letting me follow you around while you pretended I didn’t
exist?”
A long silence follows. More than ever, Momo feels like one of her dolls — like a perfect
shell wrapped around a pressurized core of something volatile and burning. Do all nice young
women feel like toys and time bombs? Momo wonders. She swallows her apology.
“God damn it,” Bakugou sighs, rough as a growl. He can be as ugly and stupid and cruel as
he wants, and he doesn't even realize it's a privilege. “Fine. Say your fucking piece. I’m

listening.”
Of course it’s the selfish spark of Momo’s temper that finally makes him look at her like
she’s worth his time. As angry as he always is, it shouldn’t come as a surprise.
“Well? I’m not going to wait all goddamned day.”
Momo’s plan spills out in a rush, as if to make the most of a rare opportunity. Arms crossed,
fingers tapping loudly against his gauntlets, Bakugou listens. Every twitch of his lips makes
her brace herself for a dismissal that never comes.
“Not bad, Ponytail,” he grants when she has finished.
His acknowledgment is worth far less than he thinks, but Momo is slightly ashamed to admit
that it’s not worth nothing. It’s possible that she has grown too dependent on external
validation. Maybe that’s just what happens when you define yourself by other’s expectations:
the people around you all become yardsticks that only measure how far you are falling short.
“My name,” Momo asserts, “is Yaoyorozu Momo. If that’s too many syllables for you, you
may call me Creati.”
Bakugou squints at her, lips curling into a lopsided sneer. “Because you create shit, right?” he
asks, voice surprisingly neutral despite the foul look on his face. “Yeah, whatever, I can do
that.”
If Bakugou were on his own, Momo reminds herself, he would have already failed. He is
stronger than her, but she is smarter than him — and in the end, they are equals.

Chapter End Notes

Kaminari can operate a massive yet mobile crane with literally no experience, while also
somehow not noticing the wrecking ball attached to said crane. No one tell me that
cranes don’t work like this (they don’t). If I’m wrong (I already know I am), then I don’t
wanna be right (I make the rules, and I say we’re being SILLY today)
—————
All Might: I destroyed a building and this red flag fell out
Shouto: I’ve been looking for that…
Hitoshi: Nedzu is super smart, so the best way to counter him is to do something
incredibly stupid
Kaminari: I think this is the start of a beautiful friendship
Hitoshi: What? No
Kaminari: Sorry bro, I wasn’t asking
Hitoshi: Why does this keep happening to me??

Bakugou: You’re not half bad
Yaoyorozu: Neither are you
Bakugou: Duh. I’m the best—
Yaoyorozu: You’re at least three-quarters bad
Aoyama, in the distance: Get him! Drag his ass!
—————
Next chapter: One for All - Part XIII
(Also the last part of the exams. Not to be confused with the last part of OfA. As we all
know, OfA is never-ending.)

Works inspired by this one
Silent Comfort by lemon_pilled
Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

