Isekai Theater
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at http://archiveofourown.org/works/56664550.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Categories:
Fandoms:

Relationships:

Characters:

Additional Tags:

Language:
Stats:

Teen And Up Audiences
Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
F/M, Gen, Multi
転生したらスライムだった件 - 伏瀬 | Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken | That
Time I Got Reincarnated as a Slime - Fuse, Re:ゼロから始める異世界生活 |
Re:Zero Starting Life in Another World (Anime), 無職転生 ～異世界行ったら本
気だす～ - 理不尽な孫の手 | Mushoku Tensei: Isekai Ittara Honki Dasu - Rifujin
na Magonote, オーバーロード - 丸山くがね | Overlord - Maruyama Kugane, 異世
界はスマートフォンとともに | Isekai wa Smartphone to Tomo ni | In Another
World With My Smartphone (Anime), 現実主義勇者の王国再建記 | How a Realist
Hero Rebuilt the Kingdom (Anime), 転生したら剣でした - 棚架ユウ | Tensei
Shitara Ken Deshita | Reincarnated as a Sword - Tanaka Yuu, 精霊幻想記 | Seirei
Gensouki (Anime), 世界最高の暗殺者異世界貴族に転生する | World's Finest
Assassin Reincarnated in Another World as an Aristocrat (Anime), Overlord
(MADHOUSE Anime)
Rimuru Tempest & Veldora Tempest, Emilia/Natsuki Subaru, Natsuki Subaru/Rem,
Rudeus Greyrat/Sylphiette, Eris Greyrat/Rudeus Greyrat, Rudeus Greyrat/Roxy
Migurdia, Ainz Ooal Gown | Momonga & NPCs of Nazarick, Liscia
Elfrieden/Souma Kazuya, Juna Doma/Souma Kazuya, Souma Kazuya/Aisha Udgard,
Roroa Amidonia/Souma Kazuya, Souma Kazuya/Naden Delal, Amakawa Haruto |
Rio Karasuki & Aishia, Ainz Ooal Gown | Momonga/Albedo
Rimuru Tempest, Natsuki Subaru, Ainz Ooal Gown | Momonga, Rudeus Greyrat,
Mochizuki Touya, Souma Kazuya, Fran (Tensei Shitara Ken Deshita), Teacher
(Tensei Shitara Ken Deshita), Amakawa Haruto | Rio Karasuki, Lugh Tuatha Dé,
There's more characters but I'll reach the tag limit, Like seriously there is a lot
Reaction, Watching the Show, Character Study, Characters React, Comedy, Dark
Comedy, Romance, Drama, Fluff and Angst, Angst and Hurt/Comfort, Character
Death, Fluff, Everyone Needs A Hug, Cross-Posted on Wattpad, Rimuru is
everyone's uncle, Subaru is an unhinged mf who will both brag and cry about his
deaths, Rudeus really wants to crawl in a hole in embarrassment, Ainz is an
unabashed gaming nerd, Touya is so basic bro, Souma really needs a break, Fran is
everyone's little sister, Teacher is Fran's dad and no one can say otherwise, Rio
becomes so done with all of the heroes' bullshit, Lugh is the protagonists' collective
brain cell, The protagonists has a harem problem except for Fran and Teacher, Fran
and Teacher makes fun of everyone's harem problems, no beta we die like subaru
English
Published: 2024-06-22 Updated: 2025-12-02 Words: 193,709 Chapters: 25/?

Isekai Theater
by NullSage975
Summary

Various characters from different isekai stories get transported by a bored god to watch moments of their
show! Truths are revealed, moments are shared, laughs are heard, and tears are shed! It's time for the
Isekai Theater to start playing!
All of the characters and shows here belong to their respective authors. Only the OCs of this fanfic
belong to the author.

Chapter 1: Prologue: The Theater Where The Transmigrators Gather!
Chapter Summary

The isekai protagonists and their allies have now been transported into the theater, and introductions
are made!

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Third Person PO V
"Hmm, I'm bored."
In a realm outside the bounds of the laws of nature and reality, there lives a being with unprecedented
power. A god, so to speak. They call themselves Everlasting.
And right now, they are so incredibly bored.
The god only lives for their entertainment. While they aren't cruel by any means and does enjoy helping
and saving mortals, they aren't doing it out of the goodness of their hearts, but simply because he finds it
entertaining.
"It's only been a decade since I messed around in a world, and it's boring if I do the same thing again...
Hm, I wonder what I should do..."
They began to think of a way to satisfy his boredom. Maybe they can help out a world again? Or maybe
they'll reincarnate as an individual and live a full mortal life? As he began to ponder his options, he
thought of a brilliant idea.
"What if I summon people here to react to their loved one's lives? That would be fun! Yes, that's how I'll
do it. But what kind of people...?"
They began to think about who to pick for this particular endeavor, and when they finally chose who to
make them watch, they grinned.
"This is going to be sooooo much fun! Though I may need to come and convince the concerned parties,
though! Consent is important!"
With that he teleported himself to the worlds he was involving.
How truly riveting!
Demon Lord Rimuru Tempest was tired and exhausted. After the meeting with his fellow demon lord
Luminous Valentine as well as Hinata, he really just wanted to be left alone to rest and slumber.
Not that he could actually sleep, but hey, to him it was the thought that counts. Thankfully, Veldora was
simply keeping quiet on the other room, probably reading his manga.

"Ahh, such a relaxing life..."
"I truly envy you, Demon Lord Rimuru. If only I can find my entertainment in simple things like this."
In one swift motion, Rimuru transformed into his human form and instinctively put himself on guard
against the intruder, who turned out to be... him.
The person was lounging casually on the floor eating a biscuit, and they look exactly like him on his
human form.
"This isn't my actual appearance. I merely take the appearance of whoever I was talking with. My real
appearance is beyond mortal comprehension, though. And yes, dear Raphael actually knows what I look
like."
"Wha-" Rimuru was stunned that such a deeply hidden secret is known by this complete stranger.
However, he sensed that they didn't have any hostile intent, so he didn't attack them, and simply stayed
on guard.
"Raphael-sensei, are they telling the truth?"
<Answer. Yes, I do know what they look like. They are a formless mass of energy and information. The
being is telling the truth when they said that their real appearance can induce insanity to a mortal
mind.>
"I see."
"Done checking in, hm? Well then, I would like for you to listen to my request." the being said. Rimuru
raised his eyebrows, but nodded to the being, indicating that he is listening.
"I am a god from another world simply named Everlasting. Because of my boredom, I decided to
summon people from different universe and have you all react to your adventures! You are one of them!"
"What the hell?! Isn't that a massive invasion of privacy?" Rimuru said.
"That's why I'm here. To ask you for permission. Besides, you'll also be watching the future as well."
Rimuru's eyes widened at this. The future... while he hasn't really given it much thought, he would still
like to know what the future holds. He knows that he has enemies, and that if he wasn't careful, they
could very well defeat him and destroy those he holds dear. Knowing knowledge of the future will
certainly be beneficial for him.
"Who will be viewing it with me?"
"Your present and future allies and subordinates, well, the important ones, I guess."
With that answer, Rimuru felt silent. He didn't miss the detail about future allies and subordinates, and it
made him excited to see who his allies are going to be in the future. And he also thinks that it would be
fun seeing the adventures of other people. At least he doesn't need to work!
"Oh yeah, what about..."
"You will be transported to a place outside the flow of time and space. Once you get back, not a single
second would have passed in the present."
"I see." Rimuru nodded his head. "Deal, then!"

"You have my gratitude!" the being said. "Now then, all you have to do now is wait!"
After that, the being disappeared, leaving Rimuru alone.
I guess I should prepare myself.
Rudeus Greyrat, for a lack of a better word, felt relaxed.
After talking to Orsted about the diary along with Eris, he felt liberated. He had betrayed Man-God, and
is now willing to fight side-by-side with Orsted to destroy him. Right now, though, he just wanted to take
a break and rest. After he wrote on his diary, he returned to his room to sleep, but...
"I see you are in a good mood, Rudeus Greyrat."
Rudeus was startled by the voice inside his room. When he turned to look, he saw... himself. A person
that looked identical to him in every way. It was jarring.
"W-Who are you?" Rudeus asked while preparing to cast his magic.
"Calm down. I mean you no harm." they said while raising his hands in surrender.
"Sure, as if teleporting into a stranger's room isn't a cause for concern. How did you do it anyway?
There's no teleportation circle here."
"A teleportation circle? Psshh, as if I need such things to teleport." they scoffed. Rudeus narrowed his
eyes at the stranger. He knew it wasn't him from another universe or something like that, it was someone
taking his appearance.
"Who are you anyway? Why do you look like me?"
"Well..."
"Rudy! What's going... on...?" The white-haired wife of Rudeus, Sylphie, went to check what was going
on as she heard voices inside of her husband's room. When she did arrive, she saw the strangest thing.
She saw her husband, talking to someone that looks exactly like her.
"This isn't my actual appearance. I merely take the appearance of whoever I was talking with. My real
appearance is beyond mortal comprehension. As for the first question, Rudeus, I am a god from another
world simply named Everlasting. Because of my boredom, I decided to summon people from different
universe and have you all react to your adventures, including the future! You are one of them!"
The couple's eyes widened at this. Before Sylphie could say anything, Rudeus held up his hand.
"Let me... handle this, Sylphie." Rudeus said as he stepped towards the being. "Are you related to..."
"That cruel bastard Man-God? Hell no." they shook their head in disgust. "I'm someone completely
different. As I said, I'm bored."
"So you decide to invade my privacy?"
"I mean, with your permission."
Rudeus felt conflicted. On one hand, he knew that he wasn't the nicest person in the past. He was foolish
and scummy, and he is sure that he would be insulted heavily by the strangers that are going to be

watching with him. On the other hand, he would be able to see the future, which is incredibly appealing
for the mage. He doesn't want to screw up against the Man-God, so seeing what's going to happen in the
future is something that he really wants.
"Rudy?" Sylphie turned to look at her husband. She figured out what was going on and was now
deferring to her husband to make a decision.
"What's going to happen to our lives here if we go with you?"
"The place I'm taking you to exists outside of the flow of time and space. Once you return here, not even
a second will pass."
Rudeus nodded, and made his decision.
"Sure, let's do it."
"Are you sure about this, Rudy?" Sylphie asked him.
"Yes." Rudeus nodded. "I just hope that you won't hate me after seeing me at my worst..."
"Come on, Rudy, do you really have so little faith on me?" Sylphie said. "If I did hate you after that, then
I wouldn't deserve to be your wife."
Besides, I'm sure that cheating on me was the worst thing you've done, Rudy, and I've forgiven you a long
time ago for that.
The two then smiled at each other, only being interrupted by the Everlasting clearing their throat.
"I'll leave you guys here for now. All you have to do is wait here for a bit, then you'll be transported to
the theater."
Both of them nodded, and the Everlasting disappeared.
Mochizuki Touya, the Grand Duke of Brunhild, had a very busy day. After revealing his otherworlder
status to his fiances and to the newly reawakened Babylon, he just wanted to go to sleep. He was
planning on mass producing the phones to give to the world leaders later, but for now, all he wanted was
some much-needed rest...
He was about to fall asleep, but suddenly, his phone rang.
"God?"
"Ah, Touya , how are you, my boy?"
"I'm fine. Just exhausted."
"I see! Well, I called you because I wanted to inform you that there is a god coming there!"
"Another one, like Karen and Moroha?"
"Well, not exactly. Their name is Everlasting, and they're a god outside of the Pantheon."
Their? So this person's genderless then.
"Outside of the Pantheon?"

"Well, you see, the gods of the Pantheon aren't the only gods to exist out there, you see. The
Everlasting is one of them. They are a god who prioritizes their entertainment, though they aren't
cruel."
"So why are they going to visit here?"
"They probably want to do something to entertain themselves that involves you, so be prepared for
anything, young man."
"Thanks, God."
He then hung up the phone and got up from his bed, preparing to meet this guest.
"So the old man already called you, huh? Well, nice to meet you, Mochizuki Touya."
"W-Whoa!" The boy was startled by the sudden appearance of the Everlasting. He was confused by the
fact that the Everlasting looked like him, but he figured that it was just something this god does.
"S-So, why are you here?" Touya asked them.
"I am a god from another world simply named Everlasting. Because of my boredom, I decided to
summon people from different universes and have you all react to your adventures, including the future!
You are one of them! So I would like to ask you for permission!"
"What the hell?" Touya said. This was not what he was expecting at all. "You mean we're going to watch
my past and future adventures like a movie?"
"Yep!"
"Ugh, they're going to see what I did with the gynoids..." he whined.
"That's what you're worried about? It's not like you're the one who initiated."
"Still!" he sighed. "Well, it would be appealing to see the future."
Touya was reminded a lot of the crystal that Babylon used to spy on him, even though she was about
5000 years from the past. Seeing his future adventures would help the boy immensely, and he knew this.
"I guess you have my permission, then, Everlasting-san."
"Great! Now then, wait here and you and your allies will be transported shortly."
With that, he disappeared, and Touya simply waited.
Souma Kazuya, the provisional king of Elfrieden, is currently relaxing.
After his trip to the Union of Eastern Nations, he wanted to relax on his own bed by himself. While he
wanted nothing more than to create plans regarding the emergence of Fuuga Haan, his exhaustion made it
so that he wanted nothing more than to lay on his bed and sleep.
"Uneasy is the head that wears the crown, hm?"
Souma suddenly got on guard as he looked towards the intruder, which turned out to be... him? Or is it
someone trying to impersonate as him?

"I mean you no harm, so make sure that the tiger doesn't do anything... hasty." the being said.
The provisional king glanced at the window and saw his agent Kagetora poised to strike. He made a
gesture to stop him from doing any action for now.
"So? Who are you and what do you want?" Souma asked.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, Souma Kazuya! I am a god from another world simply named Everlasting.
Because of my boredom, I decided to summon people from different universes and have you all react to
your adventures, including the future! You are one of them! So I would like to ask you for permission!"
"Huh...?" Souma was understandably bewildered. While he was already used to unnatural things given
the world he was in, this was on a different level.
"You said we're going to see the future right?"
"Yes, indeed." the god nodded.
Souma began to ponder. This was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to gaze into the future and see what's
coming ahead. It would allow him to better strategize his movements in the future. With the threat of
Fuuga Haan on the horizon, he knew that there are going to be turbulent times ahead. In that case, this
was a favorable deal to take.
"I just hope that nothing embarrassing is going to be shown."
The being smirked at that sentence, making the provisional king feel uneasy.
"Fine then, I'll take it. Who are going to be watching with me?"
"Your allies, present and future, as well as subordinates! Fuuga Haan and his associates wouldn't be
included, don't you worry. Just wait a bit then you'll be teleported! Oh, and if you're worried, the place
you'll be transported to is outside the flow of time and space, so once you return back here, it's like no
time has passed at all."
Souma nodded, and the being disappeared, leaving Souma alone for now. He then gestured towards his
clandestine agent.
"Kagetora! We're going to be teleported to another place. Prepare yourselves!"
Fran and Teacher were in a good mood.
Right now, they were currently heading for the city of Ulmutt to visit its famous dungeon to get stronger.
After the battle against Linford in Bulbola, the two were very glad to get some much-needed rest.
As they were chowing down on some delicious curry, all three of them were alerted by a nearby
presence.
Teacher.
Someone's coming, be careful.
They all prepared for a battle, with Jet growling at the coming visitor. When they did appear, all three
were shocked.
It was a near-identical clone of Fran.

"Nice to meet you, Black Cat Fran and Teacher." the being said, shocking both of them immensely.
How did he know about me?!
"Oh come on, Teacher, did you really you can hide yourself from me?"
"Who are you and what do you want?" Fran went straight to the point.
"Hello, I'm a god from another world named the Everlasting. Because of my boredom, I decided to
summon people from different universes and have you all react to your adventures, including the future!
You are one of them! So I would like to ask you for permission!"
What the hell?!
Neither of them expected this outcome at all.
You mean, like a movie or something?!
"Yep, you're going to watch your adventures, both past and future, on a movie alongside people from
other universes! Of course, I need your permission to do such a thing first."
I see. What do you think, Fran? Do you think we should do it?
Mm. We may find out how Black Cats evolve if we agree to this.
Teacher nodded internally at what Fran said. The sword also thought that this will be a great opportunity
for them to potentially avoid any mistakes that they will do in the future, as well as gather information on
who will become their enemy in the future. To Teacher, it never hurt to be careful, especially after what
happened with the Lich.
So we agree to what he wants, Fran?
Mm.
I just hope this guy isn't tricking us somehow. Essence of Falsehood is being blocked.
Mm?
It's not working on them. To be fair, this person claims to be a god.
"So, have you made your choice?" the Author asked.
"We accept." Fran said briefly.
"Great! The friends you have made along the way as well as the friends you will make in the future will
also be watching with you, so look forward to it!"
We'll see Garrus again.
Sellimea too, and Amanda!
The two talked excitedly about their friends, while the Everlasting smiled subtly in the background.
"Okay then, just wait here and prepare yourselves! You'll be teleported soon!"
With that, the god disappeared. Leaving the two alone to do just that.

"I guess I should start with you, first." the Everlasting sighed as he stepped into a dark and shadowy
realm. "After all, it would be quite troublesome if you tried to interfere with me, Witch of Envy."
In front of the god was a silver haired half elf clad in dark clothing. She was staring at the god with an
intense gaze, but she didn't say or do anything.
"So, you probably already know why I'm here." the god said casually.
"You're not taking away my Subaru.... You're not. You're not. You're not. You're not. You're
notYou'renotYou'renotYou'renotYou'renot...!" the witch all but screeched.
"Jeez, lady, you need to calm down." Everlasting approached the witch. "I guess I should talk to Satella
instead."
With that, the intense gaze the half elf was giving him softened a little, but she was still in a bad mood.
"I don't like this." Satella bluntly said, though she was more displeased if anything.
"I'm sure, but do you really want Subaru to die more than he already has?" Everlasting said.
"I..."
"Come on, we both don't want such a thing, so why not let me do what I came here to do?"
"One condition." Satella said curtly. "I want to at least be nearby to watch over my beloved."
Her words gave Everlasting an idea.
"I'll do you one better. You'll be watching with them. I'll make sure to suppress Envy too."
Satella's eyes widened at this.
"A-Are you sure that's a good idea?"
"Well, sometimes a fun idea isn't a good idea!" Everlasting joyfully said.
Satella fell quiet, mulling these terms. Eventually, she nodded.
"Then, I'll agree with your terms."
"Good! Then wait here! Oh yeah, you will still have chains on you when you get to the theater, because I
don't want to break that seal, you know?"
"I don't mind."
After that, Everlasting disappeared, leaving Satella all alone once more.
Subaru groaned as he fell on to the floor with a thud.
"Hah, I'm so tired."
"Here's your towel, I suppose."
His contracted spirit, Beatrice, came to approach him.

"Thanks, Beako!" Subaru exclaimed as he took the towel from her and began wiping the sweat off his
body.
It has been six months ever since the incident in the Sanctuary. After that particular debacle, the nastyeyed boy began to train himself in parkour as well as to how to use a whip. Right now, he had just
finished his daily parkour training for the day.
"Urgh, I'm so tired... I need to get my daily dose of Beakoooo..." Subaru said as he began to hug his
contracted spirit.
"Why are you doing something so embarrassing, I suppose?!" Beatrice asked shyly while having her
head patted by Subaru
(A/N: I honestly have no idea how to write Beatrice with the "I suppose" and "in fact", so if I
placed them wrong, my apologies.)
"Because I want to spoil my adorable Beako!" Subaru shouted, patting Beatrice's head even more.
The two continued to bond until they heard footsteps from behind them. Turning around, the two saw
someone shocking.
A person was there behind them. They were an identical copy to Natsuki Subaru. To Beatrice though,
they were an identical version to herself.
"Who are you, I suppose?! " Beatrice immediately prepared herself, while Subaru was still shocked, but
then got on guard as well.
"Relax, I mean no harm. I simply look like whoever is viewing me from their perspective." the being
said.
"You didn't answer my question, in fact."
"Hello, I'm a god from another world named the Everlasting. Because of my boredom, I decided to
summon people from different universes and have you all react to your adventures, including the future!
You are one of them! So I would like to ask you for permission!"
Subaru immediately became horrified at what he said.
"Y-You mean, all my adventures?"
"Yes! Everything! Don't worry, I already took precautions to make sure nobody would interfere."
"What are we going to do, I suppose?" Beatrice was still on guard, and asked Subaru for guidance.
Subaru began to mull over what the person said. If he was being honest, he both didn't want and wanted
everyone he cares about to know about his horrible, horrible journey. Still, if he was to make his life in
this world easier for himself, he wants to let the people he trusts the most to know everything. However,
the horrors he faced... Subaru is afraid that everything he experienced will break some of his friends.
There's also the fact that he was going to watch them with strangers. They were all going to see him
pathetically struggle against threats way outside of his league. Subaru wondered how many of them will
scorn him for his pathetic self.
He closed his eyes as he began to ruminate about his decision. Eventually...
"I agree to this arrangement." Subaru said.

"Are you..."
"I am sure about this, Beako. This is an opportunity too good to miss." Subaru answered. The great spirit
sighed.
"Then I'll defer to my contractor's decision, I suppose."
"Great, now wait here and you'll be teleported to the theater shortly!"
With that, the god warped out of there, leaving the two to prepare themselves.
Ainz Ooal Gown, the supreme leader of the Great Tomb of Nazarick, is currently sitting on his bed
impassively.
He had just taken over the village of the lizardmen and his group was about to continue their operations
within the Re-Estize Kingdom.
I know undead doesn't get tired, but I sure feel like I do.
Just as he was about to stand up to do more of his business, a figure suddenly teleported into his room.
A figure that looked exactly like him.
"Pandora's Actor?" Ainz asked, referring to the NPC he created.
"Not exactly." the figure said. "Hello, I'm a god from another world named the Everlasting. Because of
my boredom, I decided to summon people from different universes and have you all react to all of your
adventures, including the future! You are one of them! So I would like to ask you for permission!"
"Wha-" This did not go as Ainz expected it to be. "And what about–"
"You're going to be transported to a space outside of the flow of time, so when you return back, not a
second will pass."
Ainz began to ponder this. While he would normally be questioning this situation, he was somehow
being prevented from questioning the situation further. It was like someone was subtly influencing him to
not question anything.
Is it this being who's inserting mental influence on me? If that's the case, then they may be who they
claim they are.
Ainz knew that there were still a lot of unanswered questions during his time here in the new world,
including the people who brainwashed Shalltear.
"If I agree with this, will I be able to get the answers that I seek?"
"Of course!"
That was all the answer the overlord needed.
"I accept."
"Good! Then wait here and prepare!"

Rio, or as he is commonly known in the world, Haruto, was currently in a tense mood. After the events of
the banquet just earlier, King Francois of Galarc had asked to reward him for his efforts. Naturally, he
couldn't exactly refuse, considering that it was the king of the country offering him a reward.
Of course, he was also tense because he was about to make a decision that he couldn't exactly turn back
from now.
That's right. After tomorrow, things will change.
Haruto.
The voice of his contracted spirit, Aishia, pulled him out of his stupor.
What is it, Aishia?
Someone's coming.
Who is it?
A god.
Rio suddenly got up, startled by this sudden message.
What do you mean, Aishia?!
"Exactly what she meant. A god." A voice called out from behind Rio. He instantly got on guard as a
being who looked exactly like him appeared right in front of him. Aishia also chose to appear right at that
moment, also on guard.
"Who are you?" Rio asked. He was surprised that the entity sighed at his question.
"I wonder how many times I've said this introduction already... Oh well, this is the second to last
introduction anyway..." they cleared their throat before answering. "Hello! I'm a god from another world
named the Everlasting. Because of my boredom, I decided to summon people from different universes
and have you all react to all of your adventures, including the future! You are one of them! So I would
like to ask you for permission!"
Rio was stunned by this turn of events to the point that he fell silent.
After processing what the being in front of him just said, he sighed.
"I don't know if this can be considered good luck or not..."
"Whatever could you mean?"
"I am about to reveal one of my biggest secrets to Miharu and the others tomorrow..."
"And you're going to reveal it at roughly the exact same time, I don't see the problem here."
"Well, after preparing all this time to reveal it, having it be revealed this way would be..."
"Disorienting?"
"Y-Yes, that's exactly it." Rio replied. Meanwhile, Aishia simply went behind Rio, ready to protect him at
a moment's notice.

"So, do I have your permission?" the being asked.
Rio began to think. To be honest, the only knowledge he'd really want right at the moment is knowledge
of Lucius's whereabouts, as well as what he was currently capable of after he defeated him.
However, with how his life has been, he knew that things could become really unpredictable really fast,
so knowing of what is to come in the future would be helpful to him.
"I agree to your request, then."
"Great! Please wait here and you will be teleported soon."
The being then disappeared, leaving both Rio and Aishia behind.
Lugh Tuatha De was currently feeling alert.
After the battle with the orcs, the Academy temporarily closed in order to allow the school to rebuild
after the damage it incurred in the battle.
This resulted in Lugh having to come back to the Tuatha De domain, and right now, he was hunting down
the Alvanian Rabbits that littered the forests in their territory.
While he was currently trekking around the forest, he sensed something that made him momentarily
freeze.
Who... is this...? Whoever this person is, the amount of power of they have is insane. It even surpasses
that of the hero's.
He got on guard, and when the figure he was sensing appeared, he was shocked.
Shocked at seeing a carbon copy version of him.
"Who are you?"
He was even more stunned to see this entity sigh at this question.
"Honestly, you have no idea how many times I got asked that question already... Anyway, you're the last
one, so I won't need to this any longer... Okay, here it is!" the entity said. "Hello! I'm a god from another
world named the Everlasting. Because of my boredom, I decided to summon people from different
universes and have you all react to all of your adventures, including the future! You are one of them! So I
would like to ask you for permission!"
Lugh was surprised that a god was contacting him so easily, considering that the goddess he knew
wouldn't be able to do such a thing so easily.
Also, he was a little hesitant about the proposition. Watching the future was nice and all, but he was sure
that the viewing will reveal all of his secrets in this world.
Specifically, he was worried about Epona. He didn't know how she would react once she finds out his
mission to kill her, as well as the fact that she goes insane and tries to destroy the world after she defeats
the demon lord. While her mental state was more stable than it was before, it was still pretty fragile.
He was also worried about his D-Rank skill getting revealed. It was his trump card, and it being revealed
will make it lose its effectiveness.

"So, do I have your permission?" the god asked.
Lugh began to think deeply about this. He considered all the possible factors that will either be a
detriment to him or will benefit him in this scenario. After running through all the possibilities in his
head, he gave his answer.
"I will agree to this deal, but make sure that the only people that will react with me are trustworthy
individuals."
"Of course, the reason why we are reacting to the future in the first place is because it is in your best
interests to begin with."
"Thank you."
"Well then, prepare yourself, Lugh Tuatha De. "
With that, the deity left.
After coming to everyone that they needed permission from, they appeared once again in the theater to
help prepare it for its guests. It didn't take long for that to end, and so he decided to finally teleport these
groups one by one.
Finally, he started teleporting them here.
First, Rimuru's group.
(A/N: The Tensura Group includes Rimuru, the Octagram Demon Lords, the Ogres, Gobta,
Gabiru, Geld, the Primordials, Veldora, Velzard, the kids Rimuru teaches, Zegion, Apito,
Adalman, Kumara, the Paladins, Gazel and his subordinate, Elmesia Sarion, and Erald Sarion.)
Instantly, a bunch of people appeared in the theater, and they all went on guard.
"Someone actually managed to teleport us unwillingly?" Guy Crimson said in an amused tone.
"Rimuru-sama!" Benimaru grabbed his blade and went on guard, as is all of his subordinates.
"Calm down everyone. I expected this to happen." Rimuru assured them.
"Ho? You knew?" Luminous looked at Rimuru with a curious look.
"Yeah. Why don't you ask that guy what's going on?" Rimuru said and pointed at the Everlasting. The
god explained everything, and while some of them grumbled, none of them expressed any meaningful
resistance.
"Who is that guy, anyway?" Jaune, the Yellow Primordial, asked aloud while pointing at Rimuru.
"He's a new Demon Lord named Rimuru Tempest if I recall correctly." Blanc, the White Primordial,
answered. "Noir-chan just wouldn't stop talking about him."
"The fact that we're here means that we are important to Demon Lord Rimuru's journey somehow, hm?"
Elmesia remarked.
"Correct! Before you can go introduce yourselves, I'll have to teleport the others in!" The Everlasting
snapped their finger and another group appeared.

Subaru's group.
(A/N: The Re:Zero Group are composed of Subaru, Emilia, Rem, Ram, Beatrice, Roswaal,
Garfiel, Otto, Petra, Frederica, Meili, Crusch, Felix, Wilhelm, Anastasia, Julius, Ricardo,
Mimi, Tivey, Hetaro, Felt, and Reinhard as well as the Witches of Sin.)
"Ow! What the heck! Why did you drop us like that!" Subaru loudly complained. Meanwhile, the others
shouted in confusion.
"Wha' the hell!" Garfiel exclaimed.
"Where are we?!" Ram shouted while cradling the unconscious body of Rem.
"Oh, it would be inconvenient if these guys stayed in the state they are now, don't they?" the Everlasting
commented, before snapping their fingers once more.
"Urghk!" Crusch suddenly clutched her head in pain, leaving both Felix and Wilhelm concerned.
"Lady Crusch!" Felix ran at her.
"It's okay, Felix, I'm... fine..." More light suddenly began filling Crusch's eyes. "I... remember everything
now."
"Y-You... remember?!" Felix exclaimed.
"Yes! I remember everything now! My memories are back!" the duchess answered.
Felix then hugged Crusch out of joy. Meanwhile, Subaru saw this and instinctively glance at where Ram
was, and saw that Rem was... slowly waking up.
Rem...!
The boy rushed over to where the blue-haired oni maid was, and she slowly opened her eyes.
"S-Subaru-kun...?"
Subaru had now heard the voice that he had been waiting for so long.
"REM!" Subaru hugged the maid, sobbing on her shoulders all the same.
"I'm sorry! I couldn't save you! I was too weak! If I was strong enough, or fast enough, or smart enough,
I could have saved you!"
One by one, all of the people who knew Rem before began to remember who she was and they all began
to tear up.
"Rem..."
"Holy shit, Rem...!"
Meanwhile, the poor maid could do nothing but look confused as her hero hugged her sobbing.
Eventually, she settled into comforting Subaru as he continued to cry. She did notice something
interesting, though.
Subaru-kun's witch scent... it's gone!
"S-Subaru-kun, you don't smell like the witch anymore..." Rem said, causing Subaru to be surprised.

"Wait, w-what? How?" he said in surprise as he released the hug and looked towards the Everlasting.
"What can I say, this place has good air conditioning." Everlasting said with a smirk, confusing everyone
but Subaru, Rimuru, and Hinata.
"The witch's scent can't just be removed by air conditioning!" Subaru shouted.
"Not only did you manage to erase the effects of Gluttony so easily, but you also removed the miasma of
the witch. How curious." a voice said, startling everyone. Meanwhile, Subaru, Beatrice, and Roswaal all
recognized that voice.
"Echidna!" Subaru said as he looked towards the face of the Witch of Greed, smiling calmly. He then
noticed that the other witches are here as well. Everyone, including...
Subaru's breath hitched as he saw a familiar figure, though her face was covered with a veil and she was
tied up with chains, she'd recognize that figure anywhere.
"Why are you also here...? Witch of Envy!" Subaru exclaimed, much to the horror of everyone in his
group.
Instantly, they all prepared themselves and went on guard. Crusch, Julius, Ricardo, Wilhelm, Rem, and
Reinhard all pulled out their respective weapons, with the Sword Saint even being capable of pulling out
the Dragon Sword Reid, obviously seeing the foe as worthy, while Garfiel, Frederica, Beatrice, Emilia,
Ram and Roswaal all prepared themselves for a fight. The others simply cowered in fear, not wanting to
attract the attention of the feared Witch of Envy.
However, they realized that they couldn't move.
"No fighting in the theater, okay?" the Everlasting said as they held out their hand. Everyone then
realized that the reason for their paralysis was him.
"But that's..."
"Those chains are not just for show, you know. I basically just materialized her seals. The only things she
can do right now is walk and talk, that's it." they said, calming down everybody.
Meanwhile, the Tensura group just looked confused.
"That girl must be dangerous if these otherworlders are so worried about her." Luminous said. "Well,
with Guy and Milim here, she probably won't be able to do much against us."
Immediately, the Re:Zero group noticed them and all raised their eyebrows.
"Who might you individuals be?" Crusch asked.
"People who are in the same situation as you are." Hinata responded. "Though considering Rimuru knew
what was going on, I assume that you also have someone with you who is aware of all of this."
"I guess I am that one, though I'm annoyed that they made us drop like that." Subaru said. "So... this is
what's going on."
Subaru then explained what was happening, and everyone just nodded.
"I'm looking forward to seeing your adventures, Subaru-kun!" Rem said, making Subaru nervous.
I'm not really sure if you will enjoy them, Rem.

"So... should we introduce ourselves to one another?" Emilia said.
"Not just yet!" the Everlasting told them. "We'll have to wait until everyone is here! After all, there's still
so many others left to teleport here."
Everyone simply nodded to this and waited in anticipation at the other guests at the theater.
Next, Rudeus's group.
(A/N: The Mushoku Tensei Group consists of Rudeus, Sylphie, Roxy, Eris, Zenith, Paul, Lilia,
Norn, Aisha, Ariel, Luke, Orsted, Nanahoshi, Zanoba, Cliff, and Elinalise)
"Where are we?!" Eris shouted as she pulled out her sword.
"W-Wait, Eris, calm down!" Rudeus immediately moved in to calm her down. Meanwhile, the other
simply looked around them in alarm.
"It seems we have been teleported to somewhere unfamiliar." Ariel noted, while Luke moved to protect
her.
"Rudy, are you okay?!" A voice called out to them. Rudeus and Norn were both stunned as they turned to
where the voice came from.
"M-Mom?" they said as they beheld the sight of Zenith acting normally. "Mom, you're alright!"
Rudeus charged at her and hug-tackled her, forgetting everything else. Norn also followed suit, hugging
her mother tightly as well.
"I'm sorry for worrying you both, Rudy and Norn." Zenith said as she hugged both of her kids back. "I
assure you that I'm alright now."
"I'm... really glad, Mom." Rudeus said. However, he noticed that Zenith's hug was getting tighter, and she
began to glare at her son.
"Now then, Rudy... why don't we talk about your three wives, hm?"
Oh no...
"Mom, l-let me explain..."
"Oh you'll explain yourself, alright."
Meanwhile, the three aforementioned wives of Rudeus all backed away at the pissed off mother, not
wanting to get on her bad side.
"Come on, Zenith, don't be too hard on Rudy now. It can't be helped that he inherited my charming good
looks and had more than one woman fall for him." Another voice called out, and Zenith glared at the
source of the voice.
"You're one to talk, Paul." she replied. Instantly, Rudeus processed the situation, and looked tearfully at
his father.
"D-Dad..."
"Yep, it's me, temporarily back from the dead." Paul said casually, earning a smack from his wife.

"Don't be so casual about it, Paul! Do you have any idea how sad Rudy got when you died?!"
"I know, I know, I was just lightening the mood." he said. He then felt Rudeus hug-tackling him as well.
"You didn't do a good job at all, Dad." Rudeus said.
"Come on now, no respect for your old man, really?" Paul said lightheartedly.
"I'm... sorry. It was my weakness that caused you... to die..." Rudeus began crying softly, while Paul
patted him in the head.
"Don't worry, Rudy. It was my fault for being a show-off." he replied.
Meanwhile, Subaru, who like the rest of the theater was just watching silently, flinched at what Rudeus
said about his weakness. The sentiment hit close to home for him, remembering what happened with
Rem.
"Dad!" Norn practically charged at her father, sobbing uncontrollably. "You're here! You're alive!"
"Yes, I'm here, Norn. I'm sorry for leaving you alone like that."
She continued to sob while hugging Paul even tighter, while the rest of the cast simply stared solemnly at
the scene.
After the Greyrat family calmed down, Orsted spoke up.
"Rudeus, I assume that you are aware of what is happening here?" he addressed him. "You and Sylphiette
did not look surprised at being transported here."
"U-Uh, y-yes, we are aware, sir." Rudeus replied. Sylphie also nodded at Orsted, but then she noticed
something strange.
"I'm not scared of him..." Sylphie said, much to the surprise of Rudeus.
"Wait, you aren't?! Does that mean..."
"I removed his curse for the time being." The Everlasting explained. "Every single negative influence
that you are all being affected by are now gone, and that applies to the other guests that are going to
arrive here later! Please wait for the introductions until everyone else has arrived!"
The rest of the audience understood, then the Everlasting snapped their fingers again.
Ainz's group.
(A/N: The Overlord group consists of Ainz, the Floor guardians, Pandora's Actor and the Pleiades
Maids. That's it)
As the group was teleported, all of them went on guard.
"Calm down. " Ainz immediately pacified his subordinates. "We have been teleported here willingly."
"We have, Ainz-sama?" Albedo asked.
"Indeed. I will explain what has transpired."

Ainz then explained what was going on to the denizens of Nazarick. By the end, they would simply nod
at this information.
"I see, so we will be witnessing Ainz-sama's grand plans in action!" Demiurge said.
Ainz had a realization as he said this.
Oh no, they're going to see what I actually think all the time! This is not good. Will they stay loyal to me
if I didn't meet their expectations?
He didn't think about this eventuality when he agreed to the deal, but he realized that it's too late and
decided to simply hope for the best and prepare for the worst.
If the best-case scenario does happen, then a huge burden will be relieved off my shoulders.
The others in the theater simply watched in interest, though some were terrified by their inhuman
appearances.
"You shall introduce yourselves once everyone else has appeared!"
With that, a new group teleported into the theater.
Touya's group.
(A/N: The Smartphone Group consists of Touya, Yumina, Elze, Linze, Yae, Lucia, Leen, Hildegard,
Sakura, Sue, Babylon and the Gynoids, and the Brunhild Gods.)
As they appeared in the theater, it was Mochizuki Karen, the Goddess of Love, who spoke up first.
"What kind of scheme are you up to this time?" she said with an annoyed expression.
"Come on, Karen-san. We are simply going to watch the adventures of some of these fellows like a
movie! No need to be so upset." the Everlasting said.
"What's going on, Touya?" Elze asked the obvious.
"Well..." Touya, like those before him, explained the situation to his companions. After his explanation,
everyone either just sighed or fell into a contemplative look.
"The future, hm?" Leen said. "I suppose it would be useful."
"We'll be able to see just how much trouble Touya will get into in the future." Yumina said, causing
Touya to adopt an offended expression.
"That's rude, Yumina." he said.
"But that's just how you are, Touya-dono." Yae chimed in, causing Touya to blush in embarrassment.
"It would be interesting to see the heroic adventures of these other fellows." Hilde remarked, only for the
aforementioned fellows to scoff at her.
"Me? No, I'm not a hero at all." Rimuru denied her claim.
"Yeah, no, I'm not heroic. Far from it." Subaru also refuted her claim.
"Psh. Me? Heroic? If you call me heroic, there is something wrong with you." Rudeus also said.

Meanwhile, Ainz simply just pointed at himself silently, as if asking her what part of him looks heroic.
"Oh wow, all of you instantly denied it..." Touya said.
"You'll see why I did, and probably for the others as well." Rimuru responded.
"Anyway, next group!" the Author snapped their fingers once more.
Souma's group.
(A/N: The Realist Hero group consists of Souma, Liscia, Aisha, Juna, Roroa, Naden, Tomoe,
Ichiha, Yuriga, Halbert, Kaede, Ruby, Hakuya, Kagetora, Excel, Maria, Jeanne, Julius, Kuu
Taisei, and Shabon.)
As they teleported in, both Liscia and Aisha instinctively stood in front of Souma.
"Souma!"
"Your Majesty!"
"It's fine, you two. We're not in any danger." Souma assured them.
"What is happening here, Your Majesty?" Hakuya asked.
Souma then proceeded to explain what was going on, and everyone nodded in understanding.
"That would be very useful indeed." Excel nodded as she processed the information.
"You are King Souma, correct?" another girl approached Souma. When they turned to see who it was, it
was someone Souma was not familiar with.
"Yes. Who might you be?" Souma answered.
"I am Shabon, the daughter of King Shana of the Nine-Headed Dragon Archipelago Union." she said,
causing Souma to raise his eyebrows in surprise.
She's from that country, huh? From what I can remember, the Everlasting told me that future allies will
be here with me as well. The fact that she's here is... interesting. How would she become an ally of mine?
Is it something that involves Fuuga?
"I see. It is a pleasure to meet you, then." Souma greeted his fellow royal.
"It is a pleasure for me as well. I would like to ask, then, what is my purpose here?" she asked.
"From what the Everlasting had told me, my future allies will be included here as well, so I assume that
you are one such person." he guessed.
"I see... then it would be an honor for me working with you, King Souma." Shabon said.
"Y-Yeah." he replied, not really being sure on how to react.
"It is a pleasure to meet you in person, King Souma." it was then that Empress Maria approached Souma,
being accompanied by her younger sister, Jeanne.
"Yes, it is a pleasure meeting you in person as well, Empress Maria." he responded pleasantly. "The
circumstances of us meeting in person are a bit strange, though. I didn't expect it to be this way."

"Hee hee, I didn't expect it to be this way either, King Souma. However, the situation is extremely
beneficial to me as well. I would be able to learn about the future, and I would be able to learn from your
example as well!" Maria cheerfully replied.
"I don't think I can be considered a good role model, though..." Souma sheepishly said.
Eventually, as they ended their small talk, they all sat down, prompting the Everlasting to teleport the
next group in.
Teacher 's group.
(A/N: The Reincarnated as a Sword group consists of Fran, Teacher, Amanda, Garrus, Sellimea,
Miriam, Forlund, Lumina, Kiara, Rigdith, Mea, Quina, Gaudartha, Rosch, and Alistaire.)
"Fran-chan!" Amanda immediately went to approach Fran. "Are you alright?"
"I'm fine, Amanda. Don't worry about me." Fran assured her.
"Yeah, she's right, Amanda. We're both fine." Teacher chimed in, using Telepathy to converse with
Amanda privately.
"I see. You're both calm about this. Did you know this was going to happen?" she asked.
"Yes." Teacher answered. "Fran, why don't you try to explain what's going on to everyone?"
Fran, however, was paying attention to someone else.
"An evolved... Black Cat..." she muttered in shock as she beheld the regal figure of Lumina, then she
turned to Kiara. "And that one is really strong."
"Really?" Teacher looked at Lumina. "You can tell she's evolved?"
"Beastmen have an instinctual feel for these things." she explained.
"Fran, we need to explain things to everyone." Teacher said once more. "I'll tell you what you need to
say."
"Hm." Fran nods. She then proceeds to explain what was happening to the people she was teleported
with. All of them were intrigued, but some were more excited than others.
"Watching all these battles and fights will be fun!" Princess Nemea of the Beast Kingdom excitedly said.
"You must calm yourself, Princess." Quina admonished the young princess, causing her to blush in
embarrassment.
"Of course, you would say that you battle hungry daughter." the Beast King Rigdith chimed in.
"Like you're any better, idiot father!" she replied scathingly.
"Please don't make a scene here, Your Majesty..." one of his bodyguards, Rosch, said.
"I am glad for the fact that we're cut off from the flow of time..." Sellimea said. "Considering the
situation of our country..."
"It would be great seeing all of Fran's adventures, though." Miriam said.

"You're right."
"Next group!" After the conversations died down, the next group got teleported in.
Rio's group
(A/N: The Seirei Gensouki group consists of Rio, Aisha, Celia, Miharu, Latifa, Sara, Orphia,
Alma, King Francois, Princess Charlotte, Masato , Aki, Princess Christina, Princess Flora, and the
six heroes. Yes, all six, including Renji and Erika. Erika here is still sane, and not the Saint Erika
we get introduced to.)
"What's going on?" It was Hiroaki who was the first to speak.
"This is... a movie theater?" Satsuki said as she looked around.
"A movie theater?" Charlotte asked.
"It's a place that exists in our world. I don't know why we're in one, though." Satsuki answered her. "Does
anyone here actually know?"
Most of the cast shook their heads except for Rio, who raised his hand.
"You know?"
"Yes. I would like to explain to everyone what is happening."
And so, he did. By the end of it, reactions were mixed.
"This is quite intriguing." Charlotte commented.
"Why do we have to watch him..." Hiroaki grumbled quietly, but unfortunately for him, someone heard
him.
"Why are you complaining? Do you want people to watch you instead?" Satsuki said. "Do you want
people to watch your memories, your thoughts, and your insecurities? Honestly, it's impressive that
Haruto is so calm about this."
"I've just resigned to my fate." Rio said calmly, then turned to Renji and Erika.
"Can I ask who the two of you are? Out of everyone here, you are the only two I don't recognize." he
asked politely.
"I'm Kikuchi Renji." the boy said.
"My name is Sakuraba Erika." the woman said.
"Your names..." Rio quickly figured out who they are. "Are you two summoned heroes?"
"Yes." Erika nodded calmly while Renji simply nodded.
"All six heroes are here, then!" Hiroaki exclaimed in shock.
"It's a pleasure to meet all of my fellow heroes." Shigekura Rui said.
"Indeed, it does." Erika said.

Rio simply observed the situation with interest. He was frankly looking forward to the viewings in this
theater.
The Author then called in the last group.
Lugh's group.
(A/N: The World's Finest Assassin cast includes Lugh, Dia, Tarte, Maha, Cian, Esri, Naoise,
Epona, Nevan, and Duke Romalung.)
Lugh immediately observed the situation as he arrived in the theater. He also gestured both Dia and Tarte
to quiet down as they were about to panic.
"What's going on, Lugh?" Maha said, calling him by his first name instead of calling him her brother.
Lugh noticed this but figured that the reason why she did such a thing was because she was in front of
other people that did not know the connection between him and Illig Balor.
"I will explain."
He then explained everything that was going on to the people who came with him like the others before
him. After he was done with his explanation, everyone looked intrigued.
"Ahhhh, I'm going to see the adventures of my dear Lugh!" Esri excitedly said as she hugged her son.
While I'm concerned that our secret is going to be exposed here, at least it is going to be exposed only to
either strangers from other worlds or those who are at least close enough to Lugh. Besides, knowing
about the future will be incredibly important for us.
Cian thought this as he pondered the situation.
"Are you sure about this, Lugh? Your secret's going to be exposed." Dia said worriedly to Lugh.
"It's fine. Only Naoise is unaware of my life as an assassin, so it's not really a huge concern of mine."
Lugh whispered to her.
"Epona already knows?" Dia asked.
"Yes. Don't worry, she hasn't told anyone." Lugh assured her.
"Okay!" the Everlasting clapped their hands as everyone in the audience turned to look at them. "Now
that everyone is here, I would like to formally welcome you all to the Isekai Theater!"
"Isekai?" Emilia asked aloud.
"What is that word?" Princess Ariel also asked.
Meanwhile, those who knew what the word meant were shocked, now realizing why their adventures are
going to be told.
"Before I tell you all about the rules and how we're going to do things in the theater, why don't you
introduce yourselves to one another? After all, we're going to be in this theater for a while, after all!" the
Author said.
Everyone nodded at this.
"First, why don't the protagonists introduce themselves, first?"

"The protagonists?" Reinhard asked.
"The people who I informed ahead of time. Since it is their stories that we are going to watch, they are
the "protagonists". After all, that's the definition of what a protagonist is."
Some of them, like Rudeus and Subaru, didn't like being called the protagonist, even though they know
that the Author didn't mean it that way.
"Let's do the introductions in order of when they arrived in the theater." they said, gesturing to Rimuru.
He sighed and stood up.
"I guess, I'm the first one, huh?" he muttered before turning to the others. "Hello everyone! I am Demon
Lord Rimuru Tempest, the leader of the Jura Tempest Federation, and I'm not a bad slime!" With that, he
transformed back into his slime form.
The audience fell silent for a moment before they screamed in shock.
"DEMON LORD?!"
"W-Wait, you're a slime!" Rudeus exclaimed.
"We're starting off with something crazy already...?" Souma sighed, before turning to his subordinates
who went alert. "He's not the demon lord we're fighting, calm down."
"I know, Souma, but we're just surprised about this." Liscia answered him.
"A slime, hm?" Yumina said with a haunted look on her face. "Tell me, Demon Lord Rimuru, are you the
kind of slime that melts people's clothes?"
"No! What kind of slime do you think I am?!" Rimuru replied in outrage. "Besides, there's no such slime
that exists in my world!"
"I see..." she said before sitting down once more. Meanwhile, Touya looked at her with a pitying look.
She's still traumatized, huh?
"A slime that became a demon lord...? How the hell did that happen?" Subaru muttered.
"Subaru, what exactly is a demon lord?" Crusch asked the teen. He sighed and explained the term to the
people of his world.
"I can't really explain it properly... Basically, in fiction, they're the antithesis of the hero. They're the bad
guy or the villain that the hero vanquishes by the end of the story. You can think of the Witch of Envy as
our world's version of a demon lord. Of course, the way Rimuru says it, Demon Lord is probably a title
of sorts in their world."
Instinctively, they all looked alert at the slime as Subaru finished explaining. Even though he doesn't look
as evil as the Witch was, they still needed to be wary of him.
Meanwhile, Lugh was doing his best to restrain Epona, calming her down and telling her that Rimuru
was not the person she was supposed to slay.
The others did not have any significant reactions to his introduction.
"Okay, I'm next!" Subaru said. "My name is Natsuki Subaru, a spirit knight to the beautiful Emilia-tan! I
am hopeless and broke beyond compare!"

"What kind of introduction is that?!" Rimuru stared incredulously at him.
"Subaru!" Emilia called out to him while blushing.
"Why the hell would you insult yourself like that?" Rudeus asked him.
"It's just how I introduce myself!"
"Spirit knight?" Rio asked. "What does that mean?"
"Oh, I'm a knight that's contracted to a spirit." Subaru explained before scooping up Beatrice in his arms.
"That's right! This is my beloved spirit Beako!"
"S-Subaru!" Beatrice said as she blushed at the attention given to her.
"I see." Rio said. He's someone similiar to me...
"Should you really refer to the person you serve so casually? I mean, Emilia-tan, really?" Souma asked
him.
"Because I hope to marry Emilia-tan one day!" Subaru declared, causing many of them to be taken aback
while Emilia blushed profusely.
"Good luck, man!" Touya said.
"I wish you good luck in your endeavors, Natsuki-san!" Satsuki said.
"Hm, good luck." Fran also encouraged him.
Many more empathetic individuals in the theater encouraged Subaru, which caused him to thank all of
them.
After the reactions to his introduction died down, Rudeus stood up.
"I'm next, then." he said. "Hello, my name is Rudeus Greyrat, the Right Hand of the Dragon God. He's
not actually a true god, though. It's just a title. He's actually a... demi-god, I think?"
"Why was his title Dragon God, though?" Subaru asked.
"Honestly, I have no idea. All I know is that he's the 100th Dragon God to exist. I don't know if he's
actually a dragon." Rudeus said.
"I am a Dragon-Human hybrid." Orsted said, surprising Rudeus.
"A-Ah, I see. Well, that answers my question." Rudeus said.
"He's just like Milim..." Rimuru remarked.
"Ho? Dragon God, hm?" Velzard muttered with interest as she looked at Orsted.
"Right Hand? So, you're his subordinate?" Lugh asked, and Rudeus nodded.
"No, Rudeus is my comrade." Orsted corrected him.
"I am your subordinate, Orsted-sama, even if you say otherwise."
"That's his superior? He definitely looks strong." Celia remarked from beside Rio.

Rudeus-san looks fine enough, but why does his soul look so pure yet impure at the same time?
Yumina observed as she looked at his soul with her Mystic Eyes. She has never seen something like this
before and was confused by the sight.
Ainz was the next one to introduce himself.
"I am Ainz Ooal Gown, and I rule over the Great Tomb of Nazarick!"
Everyone looked on in awe at his majestic figure. His figure just exuded so much danger and majesty.
Some of the more perceptive members of the audience, though, felt that something was off.
"His mannerisms and gestures look... rehearsed, somehow." Lugh whispered.
"It doesn't look very natural." Souma also made his observation.
Why do I feel a sense of kinship with this guy?
Teacher thought as he looked on at Ainz.
"Great Tomb of Nazarick sounds like a video game dungeon..." Subaru muttered.
"This guy definitely looks scary." Touya remarked.
Eventually, the chatter about him died down, and so Touya introduced himself next.
"Hello everyone, I am Mochizuki Touya and I am the Grand Duke of Brunhild." he said.
"Grand Duke?" Fran asked.
"What is the difference between a grand duke and a regular duke?" Subaru also inquired.
"One is given the grand duke title if they are an independent sovereign and not a vassal to any king."
Princess Christina, who hasn't spoken so far, answered his question.
"I see. Thanks for answering!"
"A fellow monarch, huh? Like Rimuru-san and Ainz-san." Souma remarked.
"For a supposed monarch, he looks... average." Rudeus whispered to himself as he looked at Touya. He
wasn't wearing anything that indicated he was a monarch, which somewhat confused Rudeus.
There was not much to say about Touya, so it became Souma's turn to introduce himself.
"It is a pleasure to meet you all. My name is Souma Kazuya, the provisional king of the United Kingdom
of Elfrieden and Amidonia, or just call it Kingdom of Friedonia."
"Another ruler?!" Subaru exclaimed.
"And this guy also looks so plain! I mean, come one, you look more like a college student than a king,
man!" Rudeus blurted out.
"It's just more comfortable wearing this. Besides, I do wear more formal outfits when necessary." Souma
cleared out.
"How interesting..." King Francois remarked. Being a monarch himself, he was fascinated by this
otherworlder who became a king.

"What does provisional king mean, anyway?" Elze asked.
"Provisonal king generally means that while a king is ruling the country, he has not been crowned yet.
That generally applies to when a crowned king abdicates his throne to someone else." Yumina answered.
"Yes, that's right." Souma confirmed her suspicions.
After a few moments of chatter, it was Fran's turn to introduce herself. Before that, though, it seems that
the Everlasting has something to say.
"You see, Fran's situation is a little unique. While we are undoubtedly following her story, it is not only
her story we have to watch. She's not the only protagonist." they said. "Why don't you two introduce
yourselves, then?"
Two?
The rest of the theater thought as Fran stood up.
"My name is Black Cat Fran. Adventurer."
She then held up her sword, and Teacher spoke.
"I am the sword named Teacher. I am Fran's weapon and companion!"
"Did the sword just speak?!" Subaru shouted in surprise.
"T-The s-sword actually spoke..." Hilde was startled.
"And here I thought Rimuru's situation was already ridiculous enough!" Souma chimed in.
"So you have an Intelligent Weapon, huh?" King Rigdith said. "Interesting!"
"A talking sword..." Rio muttered.
"I wish I also had a talking sword!" Eris loudly wished.
"I don't know if you'd actually want a sword like that, Eris..." Rudeus sweatdropped at her ridiculous
wish.
"I'm so excited to see the adventures of both you and Teacher, Fran-chan!" Amanda said giddily.
"I really want to research that sword..." Babylon took an interest with the blade.
"Don't you even think about it, Babylon!" Touya said.
"I want to know more about that sword!" Alistaire, the godsmith, excitedly said.
The others simply hummed in interest at the duo. It was then Rio's turn.
"How should I introduce myself?" he asked the Everlasting, which caused everyone to be confused.
"Use your actual name." Everlasting said with a smirk on his face.
"Is Haruto not your actual name?" Princess Charlotte asked.
"My apologies, Princess, but it is not. I have been using the name Haruto as an alias due to... extenuating
circumstances."

"I see, so what is your name, then?" King Francois asked.
"It is a pleasure to meet you, everyone. My name is Rio. Just Rio." he said, much to the shock of both
Princess Christina and Princess Flora.
"Rio, hm? Where did the name Haruto come from, then?"
"I am sure that this theater will show it."
"I see."
"Did you guys know about this?" Satsuki asked Miharu, who nodded.
"Yes, Haruto has informed us of his actual name. We just call him Haruto because we got used to saying
his name like that." she replied.
"Ahh."
Since Rio's introduction was short, it didn't take long for Lugh's turn to come at last.
"Greetings, my name is Lugh Tuatha De. I am the heir to the title of Baron Tuatha De household." he
introduced himself perfectly.
"Damn, that's an ikemen if I ever see one..." Subaru remarked.
"He probably has the most normal introduction out of all of us, bar Rio." Souma said.
I wonder how they're going to react to my actual occupation.
Lugh couldn't resist a small chuckle at this. He knew that he was going to be exposed here anyway, so he
didn't see the point in exposing himself.
"Okay!" the Everlasting clapped his hands to get everyone's attention. "Now that the protagonists have
finished with their introductions, I will now tell you the set up here in the theater!"
"Wait, the rest of us still haven't introduced ourselves!" Emilia said.
"Let me explain." the Everlasting began. "You guys will be watching their adventures through episodes,
since their journeys are quite long. With that being said, before the first episodes of each world, the
people from that world will be introducing themselves, so you'll just have to wait."
The audience nodded at this.
"Here's the fun part, though." the Everlasting smirked. "While the first episode will feature the
beginnings of each of the protagonist's journeys, the rest of the events that will be shown in the theater
will be shown in a random order! Not chronological!"
"Why? Wouldn't that just make things confusing for everyone?" Souma said.
"Don't worry, I will show every important event that happens in your journeys, but I wouldn't be
arranging them in chronological order. I will also give you hints when the episode happens! For example,
if the current episode shows future event A, then the next episode shows future event B, then I am going
to tell you whether future event B happens before or after future event A. If the episodes take place in the
past, though, then you can just clear up when it happens."
The audience, while grumbling, agree to these terms.

"Now then, let me establish the two ground rules in this theater." they raised up their hand to show two
fingers. "No fighting, and no spoilers!"
"Spoilers?" Felt asked.
"No fighting is self-explanatory. Don't fight here in the theater. While a lot of the events shown on screen
may show someone doing something that upsets you, don't start a fight over it. I can allow a punch or
two, but that's it. " they explained.
Everyone nodded in understanding.
"As for the spoilers, if you know what's going to happen in the event shown on screen, do not tell anyone
about it. If you try to, I will shut you up, and it's going to be much worse than getting your heart
squeezed."
While everyone was puzzled by the oddly specific wording, Subaru raised his eyebrows at the
Everlasting.
I can't believe he'll hint something like that.
Everyone simply nodded once more. Satisfied by their attitude, the Everlasting smiled.
"Now then, the Isekai Theater is now showing!"

Chapter End Notes

Oh boy, I already know that this is going to be a massive undertaking... Still, I've always wanted to
do this, so here we are.
This was an idea that has been on the back of my mind for some time, and after not having seen
enough isekai reaction fics, I decided to do it myself. This is also the reason why I have been slow at
uploading my other fanfics, unfortunately, besides being busy at college, because college is a lot of
work. Having to write this, as well as rereading all the light novels all of these series belong to is
why it would take me so long. Still, writing all of the possible character interactions in this
fanfiction will be immensely fun for me.
The reason why I chose these particular isekais, especially the ones that you may not even heard of,
is because of how different they are from one another. These will make the reactions of all of these
series more interesting to watch.
As for the reason why, I am doing the episodes in random order besides the beginning is because of
the fact that all of these series have wildly differing lengths, with some not even reaching Volume 10
yet while others exceed Volume 20. Because of this, doing these in chronological order will make
these messy.
So there we go, I hope you all enjoyed this.
Here is when each of the characters come from in their timelines:
Rimuru: During the middle of Volume 8, after the whole meeting with Luminous and her group
Rudeus: After Volume 15, but before Volume 16.

Touya: After Volume 10, just after the events of the Research Laboratory
Souma: After Volume 9
Lugh: After the Battle with the Orcs in Volume 2
Fran: After Volume 4
Ainz: Before Volume 5
Haruto: Before the End of Volume 9, the Reward Ceremony
Subaru: After Arc 4, Before Arc 5

Chapter 2: Teaser: Reactions To Come! (1)
Chapter Summary

These are snippets of the reactions to come in no particular order!

Teaser: Reactions To Come! (1)
"So, who here agrees that Rudeus is probably the most perverted out of all of the transmigrators here?"
Everyone raised their hands including Rudeus himself, which caused all of them to raise their eyebrows
at him.
"So you admit to being a pervert." Liscia narrowed her eyes at the mage.
"Come on, it's very obvious already."
"Were you seriously willing to exorcise a ghost just so you could buy a cheaper house?" Teacher asked.
"Of course, it was extremely cheap, you know? I couldn't pass on that deal just because it's haunted by a
ghost that I can just have exorcised." Rudeus replied.
"To think this is how Rudy bought this house..." Roxy remarked.
"And there I was, laying in my bed excited about the house..." Sylphie said.
"FRAN! FRAN! FRAN! FRAN! FRAN!"
"This is going to be a regular occurrence, isn't it?"
"To be fair, Fran is very easy to root for."

"I don't know if I should feel bad or be jealous that you became a sword, Teacher-san." Touya said.
"I don't know what to tell you." Teacher replied.
"You have nine wives-to-be?" Rimuru turned to Touya, who was blushing red. "Good luck, dude. You'll
need it."
"And here I thought five wives is too much..." Souma muttered, not wanting his own wives to hear him.
"Eh, I'm just satisfied with three." Rudeus chimed in.
"I'm pretty sure Zenith-san would kick your ass if you took any more wives." Satsuki said as Zenith
looked at her son with a murderous gaze.

"D-Don't worry, Mom. Three is enough for me..."
"I sure hope so, Rudy."
"That's just concerning." Souma said while shaking his head.
"There's no way in hell I'm letting Beako anywhere near you, you lolicon!" Subaru shouted.
"You shouldn't be calling people lolicon when you have a title like the "Lolimancer"."
"Shut up!"
"This is the first time I've ever seen someone get peer pressured into taking over the world." Rimuru
sighed.
"Heh, even as the great leader of a tomb of monsters, I still act like a tired salaryman." Ainz sighed.
"What an ambitious dream, Ainz Ooal Gown." Guy said while chuckling.
"Once I become queen, this is what will happen to Lugunica as well, though without the undead." Emilia
remarked.
"We are more similar than I thought, Ainz." Rimuru said.
"Okay, why is it a common thing for these protagonists to have loli teachers?! Rudeus has one, Lugh has
one, and now Rio has one too!" Subaru shouted.
"That's right, Haruto, I will not run away!" Miharu said determinedly.
"Should we really be seeing something so personal?" Rimuru said.
"We're really past all those concerns now when we first stepped into this theater." Rio said.
"Well, that was really blunt."
Rudeus chuckled as Lugh gave his warning on-screen.
"I'm sorry Naoise, but I was just keeping them safe."
"It is fine, Lugh, I understand your concerns."
"You're not going to be hurt, huh? It sounds like this hero has problems controlling her power." Luminous
remarked.
"Indeed. Sparring with her was unimaginably intense." Lugh nodded his head.
"Don't get any ideas, Eris." Rudeus stared at his wife, who averted her eyes in return.

"I was really shocked back then. I did not expect to marry a king at all." Naden said.
"Well, life is full of surprises." Souma chuckled.
"Should I take notes from Souma-san on how to become an effective ruler?" Emilia asked Subaru.
"That would be a good idea, Emilia-tan!" Subaru answered her.
Man, I also want to take notes from Souma's leadership...
Ainz lamented on his mind as he looked at Emilia taking notes.
"You want Emilia to be Machiavellian...?" Souma said in bewilderment.
"Yep, Rimuru's a demon lord, alright." Subaru said. "Massacring an entire army..."
"They deserved it." Rimuru said simply.
"The way they all just drop dead like that is..." Liscia said as she shivered in fear.
"They have awoken a sleeping dragon." Crusch said grimly.
"Damn it, we have a war to prepare for now..." Rimuru muttered angrily.
"We need to take as much notes as we can about the Empire!" Benimaru said to his comrades.
"This is definitely going to be a mess for them..." Rudeus quietly said.
"I'll rip that little bastard to pieces!" Subaru screamed in indignant anger as he saw Lye Batenkaitos
imitate Rem.
"That's messed up." Souma shook his head in disgust.
"These guys are actually sick in the head!" Teacher commented.
"For the first time in my life, I agree with you, Barusu."
"The Witches' Tea Party, huh?"
"It was so horrible, yet so liberating at the same time.

Chapter 3: Beginnings Chapter 1: Slime Destined For Greatness
Chapter Summary

We shall first watch Rimuru's beginnings in the Cardinal World!
From the tsundere dragon, a fledgling nation, and the tragic story of a champion.
Oh, and they laugh about Rimuru's last request when he previously died! I mean seriously, what is in
that computer?

Chapter Notes

Before I begin the reaction fanfic, I would like to say a couple things regarding how this story will
be written.
The non-reaction parts will be written in my usual writing style. However, the reaction parts will be
written in a certain way. That is:
Reacted Part (Bold)
"Dialogue." - Speaker
Also, while there is a POV character for each chapter, the thoughts of other characters will also be
expressed, with:
Thoughts - Speaker. (Italic)
If the thought is expressed but there's no speaker mentioned, then it's the thoughts of the POV
character. Same can be applied to dialogue.
Also I will be writing the reacted part on my own instead of just copy-pasting the LNs, but I will be
taking excerpts.
This is the font of the ones I wrote on my own (Bold)
This is the font of the excerpt of the LNs (Bold and Italic)
I put this note to prevent any confusion with my dear readers.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Rimuru's POV
"So whose journey are we going to watch first?" I asked after the Everlasting's announcement.
"Glad you asked! Well, I'm going to show yours first!" they said, and I sighed.
"It's me, huh?"

I wonder how much he'll show for now. Maybe until I get out of the cave? Or maybe until Shizu?
As Rimuru pondered this information, everyone in the theater was intrigued by the slime demon lord.
"Rimuru-sama's story first..." Benimaru said.
"We're going to watch bestie first! This is going to be fun!" Milim shouted excitedly.
"Before that happens, I would like to do something first." the Everlasting said. Just then, each of us were
separated to a different part of the theater through teleportation and banners appeared right above them
all.
"You see, it would be pretty difficult to talk about these viewings without having a proper name for all of
these stories would be difficult, isn't it? While of course some of your worlds have names already, like
the Cardinal World or the Six-Faced World, we're not exactly talking about your worlds, aren't we?
We're talking about the stories of these individuals who have influenced their worlds in many different
ways. And so, I am going to give your stories a sort of a codename so that you would be able to refer to it
pretty easily."
"I see. That would make these stories easier to refer to, so are those codenames the one you wrote on
these banners?" the blond-haired girl from Souma's world who was wearing a dress, whom I think Souma
called Empress Maria, said as she pointed towards the banners above all of us.
"Of course." the Everlasting said. "Why don't you take a look at them?"
I took a look at ours, and just as I expected, the codename of our world is "Slime".
"We certainly should have expected that, given the "protagonist" in our world is Rimuru." Luminous
remarked.
"Yes, that's right." Guy agreed with her.
As I sighed at this, I took a look at the banners of the other worlds. I took a look at the ones on our right,
and on Subaru's world, the banner read "Return".
"What an odd name..." a purple-haired girl wearing a fur scarf said.
"Do you know what it means, Subaru?" the red-haired guy that looked like a handsome knight asked
Subaru, and he nodded.
"Yeah, I know, but I probably can't tell you just yet." he said. I did notice that he was shaking a lot. That
codename probably reminded him of something awful.
As for Rudeus's world, it read "Quagmire".
"My adventurer epithet, huh?" the guy said. "At least it isn't something embarrassing..."
"That is the name you're most known for, Rudeus." a short black-haired guy sitting beside an elf nodded
at the banner.
"Ours is 'Overlord', huh? Fitting." Ainz commented as he looked at his banner.
"There is no name more deserving than that." an insectoid with blue exoskeleton said.
When I took a look at the one from Touya's world, I raised my eyebrows at it.

"Smartphone?" I said.
"Haha, probably referring to this, huh?" Touya said as he held out his, well, smartphone.
"I'm betting money that thing is ridiculously overpowered." Rudeus remarked as he also saw the phone.
I then continued to look around the other banners, nodding along as I saw the one from Fran and Teacher
which had the codename "Sword" which was to be expected. I was a bit confused by the one with
Souma's though.
"Realist, huh?" the young king said as he gazed towards their own banner. "It's true."
"It's definitely true for you, Souma. In fact, you're too much of a realist." a blond-haired girl sitting beside
Souma said.
"So ours is 'Spirit'?" Rio said. "I see."
"It must be referring to Ai-chan..." a black-haired girl who looked startingly Japanese said.
"What the heck?!" a surprised shout came from Subaru as he looked at the banner on Lugh's world.
Needless to say, his reaction was warranted.
"Assassin?" Ainz said.
"That's ominous as hell! Do you know anything about this, Lugh?" Subaru asked.
"I do, but just like what you said earlier, I cannot explain this just yet." he said. He was right, so nobody
said anything more. I could see his companions looking at him with concern, though. They probably
knew what the codename meant.
"With that out of the way, it is time for the people from "Slime" introduce themselves!" the Everlasting
said.
"I shall begin then." Guy, still sitting comfortably on his seat, said. "I am Guy Crimson, the strongest
Demon Lord."
"The strongest Demon Lord?" Rudeus raised his eyebrows.
"T-The s-strongest?" the girl named Emilia reacted.
"The strongest, hm? To think someone so bold would say that in the presence of Ainz-sama..." a pale
looking girl in a gothic outfit sitting besides Ainz said, but Ainz simply calmed her down.
"Don't be upset, Shalltear. There are people from these other worlds who are obviously stronger than me.
Don't disrespect any of them, and this applies to everyone of my subordinates here!" he said. His
aforementioned subordinates bowed deeply at him.
"I wonder how powerful he is compared to you, Reinhard." a small blond-haired girl from the "Return"
world said to the red-haired knight, which I know now is named Reinhard.
"I have no idea, my lady, but he must be at least as strong or stronger than I am, given that the Dragon
Sword Reid is sliding out of its sheath easily." he said.
Dragon Sword Reid? Raphael, can you analyze that weapon?

<Answer. Understood. Based on the analysis of the "Dragon Sword Reid", it is a weapon equal to a
Legendary-Grade weapon.>
Legendary-Grade?! Man, that sword must be powerful then, though I doubt that can still scratch Guy.
"Hello everyone!" It was Milim next. "I'm Milim Nava and I'm also a demon lord!"
"WAIT, WHAT?!"
"That girl is also a demon lord?!" Touya shouted in shock.
"H-How?" the white haired elf besides Rudeus gasped in shock.
"Don't underestimate Milim, guys. Her epithet is "Destroyer" for a reason. " I said. "You should have
seen how she destroyed Eurazania. There was practically nothing left."
"Don't lie, Rimuru! You weren't even there when I did it!"
"Yet their refugees currently live in my country, and they already told me enough information to know
that you annihilated their country without a trace. "
"Hmph, meanie!" she pouted and looked away from me.
Meanwhile, I could see most of the audience turn from shocked to horrified at our conversation, which
revealed that Milim had the power of destroying an entire country.
"A-An entire country?!"
"You've gotta be kidding me!"
"S-Such power..."
"And she's not even considered the strongest demon lord in their world!" Souma said.
"To be fair, from what I know, these two are relatively close in strength, so it's not as if Guy is that much
stronger than Milim. Both of these guys are still far stronger than me, though." I said.
Everyone nodded at my statement, but most of them were still terrified by the immense power these two
hold.
"Then I'm next, I'm Ramiris, and I'm also a demon lord!"
Predictably, everyone was stunned once again by her introduction, though they were much less receptive
of the idea that she's a demon lord, which was understandable.
"Yes, she is a demon lord. Due to her unique circumstances, she constantly reincarnates, and given that
she has just recently reincarnated, she is still extremely weak at this point." I explained.
I initially didn't know this at first, but I asked Ramiris about this and this was what she said.
"I get that, but to think that little fairy is a demon lord..." Fran said.
"Urghk!" Ramiris winced. She didn't like being insulted, but given that it was a child who did insult her,
she couldn't bring herself to try and fight back.
"I'm next then. I am Dagruel. The leader of the giants and I am also a demon lord."

"Finally, someone who looks like a demon lord!" Subaru shouted.
"Giants, huh? He certainly looks like one..."
"I want to fight him..." Fran stared.
"Fran, no! That guy is terrifyingly strong! You'll lose!" Teacher said.
"He certainly looks imposing enough..."
"I shall be the next one, then. I am Luminous Valentine, a demon lord and the leader of the vampires."
"A vampire, huh? That explains the fangs." Rudeus remarked.
"Do you think I can win against these demon lords, Lugh?" I heard this blonde haired girl ask Lugh.
"No, you'll lose against them." he said, and she nodded.
There was a momentary silence as everyone waited for the next person who introduce themselves, and as
I expected, Dino was fast asleep.
"Hey, Dino, wake up! You're the next one!"
"D-Do I really have to?" he said as he woke up. "F-Fine, I'm Dino, and I'm also a demon lord. Okay, I'm
going back to sleep now..."
And he did, much to the bewilderment of everyone else.
"I-Is that guy really a demon lord?" the red-haired girl sitting near Rudeus who I heard was called Eris,
asked.
"Yes, yes he is. He is just that lazy." Luminous said.
"Lazy is an understatement." Guy just shook his head in resignation.
"H-He is certainly a unique character..." the blond-haired girl sitting near Touya who had called us
"heroic" earlier said.
"How the hell did that guy even become a demon lord?" Touya asked.
"I honestly ask that question myself." I said.
It was Leon who introduced himself next.
"My name is Leon Cromwell. I am also a demon lord, and the sovereign of El Dorado."
Unlike the previous demon lords, there was no significant reaction to him, given that there was nothing
unique setting him apart from the other demon lords. The guy didn't like social interaction anyway, so it
was probably a fortunate outcome for him.
"Wahahahahaha! It is my turn, then. I am Veldora Tempest. I am the majestic Storm Dragon, one of the
four True Dragons that exist and sworn brother to Rimuru!"
"True Dragon?" a green-haired girl who I think was named Crusch from the "Return" world said. "Is
there a difference between a True Dragon and a regular dragon?"

"Of course, there is!" Veldora said, looking offended. "I shall tell you all about the history of our world,
then, is the Author will allow me."
Oh wow, Veldora's actually speaking formally. I wonder where that came from.
<Answer. It was the manga.>
Of course it was the manga...
"You see, our world, which is named the Cardinal World, was created by the Star King Dragon,
Veldanava. He, along with my older sisters Velzard and Velrgynd, along with me, are the only four True
Dragons to exist. We are spiritual immortal beings. In our world, dragons are simply created from my
older brother's likeness. They're basically diluted forms of him. Comparing True Dragons to dragons, at
least in our world, is like comparing humans to a monkey."
I was a bit stunned that Veldora could be so serious, but then again, he isn't always such an idiot. When
we first met, he was able to explain the concept of otherworlders pretty seriously to me, so I guess this is
not that new.
"I... see." the woman simply responded.
"So where is this Veldanava?" Ainz asked.
"We do not know. He has disappeared for more than 2000 years now with no signs of reincarnating, so
we assume he's dead, even though it shouldn't have been possible given that we, True Dragons, are
undying."
It wasn't Veldora who answered, but instead, it was a young-looking white-haired girl with blue eyes who
was accompanying Guy.
"Are you a True Dragon as well?" It was Lugh who asked.
"Indeed. I am the Frost Dragon Velzard. I am also one of the four True Dragons. It is a pleasure to meet
you all."
"S-Sister? Y-You're here?" Veldora said, and this time, he looked terrified.
"Of course I am, Veldora. It hurts me to know that you haven't even noticed me until now." she
responded though she didn't really look that hurt from what I can tell. She was more amused with
Veldora's reaction, if anything.
So this is Veldora's older sister. I wonder what she did to warrant this reaction from Veldora himself.
I didn't want to think any further, not wanting to trigger any sort of "women's intuition" or anything like
that, considering Hinata was also here.
"Rimuru, were you thinking anything weird just now?"
Speak of the devil.
After that, it looked like my subordinates were next to go.
"My name is Benimaru. I am the one in charge of Tempest's military."
The military men in the audience, or I think they're military men, nodded in approval at Benimaru.

"Uhm... excuse me?" It was the blue-haired maid from the "Return" world who spoke. "Can I ask what
race you are?"
"Ah, we and some of my comrades here..." Benimaru responded as he gestured towards the oni. "...are
oni."
Both the pink-haired and blue-haired maid gasped at this, their faces filled with surprise and melancholy,
while Subaru looked at them with a face filled with emotion.
"Why did you two ask?" Shuna asked, sensing that there is something more in their expressions.
"We... are also oni as well. The last of our kind in our world." the pink-haired maid answered, prompting
gasps of shock from everyone else, while me and my oni subordinates simply looked at the two maids
with sympathy.
"I see. Me and my comrades here are also the last of the oni in our world as well." Benimaru said,
making the two maids look at them with sympathy as well.
Once the mood lifted again, my other subordinates introduced themselves.
"I am Shion! I am Rimuru-sama's secretary and bodyguard!"
"My name is Shuna. I am a loyal servant to Rimuru-sama."
"My name is Souei. I am Tempest's chief intelligence officer."
"I am Hakurou. I am Tempest's military advisor and instructor."
"Ah, my name's Kurobe. I am the chief craftsman in Tempest along with Kaijin."
There were no significant reactions to their introductions besides nodding, so they continued on.
"I am Rimuru-sama's most faithful servant and secretary, Diablo."
While his introduction was very polite, I noticed a lot of people being scared by his appearance as well as
his presence. I mean, I can't blame them, Diablo does look scary.
From my shadow, Ranga came out, surprising everyone in the room.
"I am Ranga! Rimuru-sama's faithful pet."
"He's just like Jet, Teacher."
You're right, Fran.
Many people cooed at the sight of Ranga. but besides that, no one had any reaction.
"Name's Gobta! I'm a general in Tempest. Nice to meet you all!"
"I am Gabiru! I am also one of Rimuru-sama's loyal subordinates!"
"My name is Geld, and I am in charge of all of the construction in Tempest."
"I am a faithful follower of Rimuru-sama, Adalman."
(A/N: Yeah, there's no reaction from the Overlord crew here. From their perspective, this is just
another subordinate of Rimuru who just so happened to be a lich, and so they wouldn't care too

much about him.)
"I am a disciple of Veldora-sama. My name is Zegion."
"Oh! You're also here, Zegion and Apito! Nice to see you guys again!" I greeted the two, who bowed
slightly.
"It is also a pleasure seeing you again, Rimuru-sama." Zegion replied.
"You have a disciple, Veldora? What a surprise." Velzard remarked.
"Haha! I am proud to have Zegion as my disciple." Veldora said.
"Thank you, Veldora-sama."
"I guess I am next. I am a companion to Zegion, Apito."
"I am also one of Rimuru-sama's subordinates, my name is Kumara!"
"I'm Kenya Misaki, a proud student of Rimuru-sensei!"
"You have students? But aren't you the ruler of a country?" Souma asked me.
"Frankly, it's a long story, and I'm pretty sure they're going to show what happened anyway." I said,
causing everyone else to nod.
"I-I'm Sekiguchi Ryota, another student of Rimuru-sensei..."
"My name is Gale Gibson, another of Rimuru-sensei's students."
"I'm Alice Rondo, a student of Rimuru-sensei!"
"I'm Chloe Aubert, another proud student of Rimuru-sensei!"
I could distinctly see Leon flinch at the sight of her but didn't say anything. I found the reaction odd, but I
decided to file it away in my mind for now.
"My name is Hinata Sakaguchi, the leader of the Paladins of the Holy Church, and a subordinate to Lady
Luminous."
"A subordinate to the vampire lady, huh?" Rudeus whispered.
"Ironic that a paladin is serving a demon lord." Ainz said.
"It is, huh?" Hinata chuckled at this.
Many of the protagonists wanted to ask whether Hinata was an otherworlder, but a look from the
Everlasting told them to be quiet.
Is that really that much of a spoiler? Or maybe the concept of otherworlders is the spoiler here?
With that, the white-haired lady came next.
"I am the White Primordial, known as Blanc."
"Primordial?" Subaru asked.

"Let me answer that question." It was Guy who answered. "During the creation of the world, Veldanavasama created the Seven Primordial Angels who were tasked with serving him. However, either by sheer
accident or due to some cause and effect, we, the Primordial Demons, are born. The Priomordial Demons
are the oldest and most powerful demons that exists in the world. We are mostly referred to by our colors
until we are named, such as me who was originally referred to as Rouge, the Red Primordial, and Diablo
over there, who was Noir, the Black Primordial."
"Wait, you're a primordial?!" I asked, incredulous. Many of the people in my world looked at me with
wide eyes.
"You... didn't know?" Luminous asked.
"How should I know? I was trying to summon a greater demon and he came out instead! Then he looked
really sad when I was about to send him home, so I took him as a subordinate. I didn't think Diablo
would be such a big deal!" I defended myself.
Why didn't you tell me, Raphael?
<Answer. You did not ask.>
I guess that's true.
"So that means that those two maids of yours are Green and Blue, then that's White, Yellow, and Purple?"
I said as I pointed towards them, and all of them nodded.
"Indeed. I am the Purple Primordial, Violet."
"Yeah! I am Jaune, the Yellow Primordial!"
"I am Misery, formerly the Green Primordial, and a maid to Guy-sama."
"I am Rain, formerly the Blue Primordial, and I am also a maid to Guy-sama."
"I am Gazel Dwargo, sovereign ruler of Dwargon."
Everyone else looked in awe of Gazel, which is understandable considering that he was one of the only
monarchs here who actually looks like one. Touya and Souma did not exactly look like monarchs
themselves.
"I am Elmesia El Ru Sarion, the Emperor of the Sorcerous Dynasty of Sarion."
So this woman is Archduke Erald's superior. She definitely looks beautiful.
"I am Erald Sarion, an Archduke of the Sorcerous Dynasty of Sarion."
Now that everyone in my world is introduced, the Everlasting clapped their hands.
"Since we're all done now, let us begin Rimuru's tale in the Isekai Theater!"
Everyone else looked forward, clearly looking forward to what we are about to watch.
It's time.
The story begins with a middle-aged man, named Satoru Mikami, walking through the streets of a
city in modern-day Japan. He detailed his life so far, which was ordinary yet successful. He

graduated from a nice college, landed a job as a general contract, and was currently enjoying his
life. The only thing he didn't get was a significant other. He did say his reasoning as to why he
didn't get a girlfriend.
"Wait, I thought we're watching Rimuru-san?" - Emilia
"Yeah, why are we watching this random guy?!" - Eris
"Who even is he?" - Amanda
"I can't believe we're watching this random fellow..." - Naoise
"Yeah! We should be watching my bestie!" - Milim
Many more expressed their disbelief. Meanwhile, my fellow protagonists, and some other people in the
audience knew exactly who this person might be.
Ah, he got reincarnated, huh? - Subaru
So he's just like me, but he got reincarnated as a monster instead. - Teacher
I wonder which one of us will be reincarnated as well. - Rio
"Heh, at least only a girlfriend is the only thing you didn't get..." - Rudeus
The bitterness in his voice was obvious, but none of us commented on it.
"So that's Rimuru-sama when he was human..." - Benimaru
"Yes, brother, he looked... normal." - Shuna
"A normal human before becoming a slime... It sounds much like the fairy tales and myths we hear in the
past..." - Hakurou
"Interesting." - Gazel
Plus, it wasn't like I was gonna die without one.... I'm not making excuses, all right? It's just that I
started thinking...
"Oh yeah, you're a bald-faced liar, Rimuru. You told me you were popular with girls in the past." - Hinata
I winced, not expecting her to call out the lie. To be fair, from our perspective, all of that happened
yesterday.
"That really doesn't matter now, right?"
"I know, but I wanted to tease you over it." - Hinata
Damn you.
It was then that he was greeted by one of his colleagues, named Tamura, as well as a woman
working in the same company, named Sawatari, as the both of them greeted him. Tamura was
taking the girl out on a date and was going to ask Satoru on advice now that they were getting
married. The girl remarked that this was the first time they met and that she was nervous.

I'm the one who should be nervous, lady! my mind griped to itself. It's not like I'm any good at
speaking to women. How about a little sympathy here?
Many of the protagonists in the audience gazed at him with sympathy.
I feel your pain. - Rudeus
Ah, I see a comrade-in-arms! - Subaru
"See, a liar." - Hinata
"Will you shut up about that, Hinata?!"
"No can do." - Hinata
"Is it reeeaaally that hard to talk to girls?" - Emilia
"It depends on who it is." - Crusch
"I cannot believe I see a man who's just as pathetic as Barusu is." - Ram
I was startled by the mouth on the pink-haired maid, while the subordinates who knew who I was subtly
glared at her, not wanting to spoil anything as per the rules of the theater.
Damn it, Ram, please watch your mouth in this theater! I don't want you offending these ridiculously
powerful beings because of your mouth, the Everlasting may not protect you from that! Is this the reason
why Priscilla isn't here?! Because her attitude will put her in danger?! - Subaru
Eventually, they began talking to one another amicably, but then screams were heard.
It turns out, there was a robber who had just stolen someone's backpack and was running in their
direction with a knife. When Satoru saw Tamura about to be hit by the robber, he pushed him out
of the way, and he was the one stabbed instead.
"Oh no!" - Celia
"Satoru-san!" - Satsuki
"Shit, he got stabbed!" - Garfiel
"If he gets to someone that can heal him, he can still..." - Linze
"He's..." - Zenith
"No!" - Shuna
I see, so this is how he dies, huh? I guess I prefer how I died. - Rudeus
Yeah, a stab wound, that's going to hurt. - Subaru
"Heh, no, he'll die."
Everyone was shocked by my callous words.
"H-How can you say that?!" - Sylphiette
"That's right, there's still hope for him!" - Rem

"Of course I can say it. That guy... is me."
Needless to say, the revelation shocked everyone who didn't know and hasn't figured out the truth.
"W-Wait, how?!" - Otto
"How can that guy be you? You look different from him!" - Halbert
I see. Reincarnation, hm? Fascinating - Ainz
He's like Rudeus, then. - Nanahoshi
"How can you be that person?" - Lucia
"Hahahahaha, I see. You really are very interesting, Rimuru Tempest!" - Guy
"I've never seen an otherworlder like this before..." - Elmesia
Naturally, Satoru was in pain.
What's up with that? It's too hot... Gimme a break.
Confirmed. Heat Resistance...successfully acquired.
"Wait, what is that?" - Souma
"That voice sounds odd." - Roxy
"I see. Voice of the World." - Velzard
"Voice of the World?" - Subaru
"In our world, the Voice of the World announces is a natural phenomenon in our world. It speaks
whenever something important happens, like acquisition of skills, racial evolution, or the acquirement of
the hero's egg or demon lord seed. What that man is hearing right now is our Voice of the World." Velzard
"So is he acquiring skills right at that moment? I wonder what skills he'll acquire." - Ainz
Did I... Did I just get stabbed? So I'm gonna die from a stabbing? Holy crap...
"Yep, being stabbed hurts a lot. That's gotta be painful." - Subaru
"Have you been stabbed before?" - Crusch
"Yeah, but I managed to live, don't worry. Damn cultists..." - Subaru
Confirmed. Piercing Weapon Resistance...successfully acquired. Following up with Melee Attack
Resistance... Successfully acquired.
"M-Mr. Mikami, you're bleeding... You won't stop bleeding!"
I really didn't need to hear that right now. Was that Tamura? I thought I heard some kind of weird
voice. If it was Tamura, then so be it. I'm bleeding? Well, duh. I'm only human. If you stab me, I'll
probably bleed all over you, yes. Damn, this was starting to hurt, though...
Confirmed. Pain Nullification...successfully acquired.

"Wait, is he acquiring his skills based on his dying thoughts?" - Rudeus
"Yes, he is." - Luminous
Considering how incoherent dying thoughts can be, I have no idea whether that is a good thing or a bad
thing. - Subaru
"His dying thoughts, hm?" - Lugh
I wish I had something like this when I died... - Rudeus
"I feel bad for him. He'll lose this life and his friends that he cared about..." - Rem
I really do feel bad for Tamura. I hope he and Sawatari are happy now.
Um... Well, shit. All this pain and panic was starting to screw around with my consciousness.
"T-Tamura... Shut up. It... It's nothing big, all right? Quit worrying..."
"Mr. Mikami, you're... The blood..."
Tamura tried to hold me up, face drained of color and looking about ready to break into sobs. So much
for that bravado from two minutes ago. I tried to see how Sawatari was doing, but my vision was too
fogged up to manage it.
Now the burning feeling on my back was starting to fizzle out. Instead, an intense, frigid cold was
attacking me from head to toe. That... That's probably bad... People die once they bleed too much,
don't they?
Confirmed. Constructing a blood-free body... Successful.
"Wait, is that how you became a slime?" - Souma
"Yeah, that's probably it. I didn't like bleeding, so Voice of the World made it so that I won't bleed
anymore by giving me a slime body."
"That makes sense." - Touya
Hey, what're you talking about? I can't hear you too well...I tried to speak. And failed. Shit. I think
this might really be it... Like, the pain and the heat were pretty well gone by now. It was just cold. Cold
as hell. I felt as if I was gonna freeze in place. Who knew dying could keep you so damn busy?
Confirmed. Cold Resistance...successfully acquired. Combined with the previously acquired Heat
Resistance, the skill has progressed to Thermal Fluctuation Resistance.
Just then, what remained of my increasingly oxygen-deprived brain cells chanced upon a flash of
brilliance.
Oh, craaaaap, the files on my hard drive!
Many of the protagonists in the theater perked up, while Rimuru was waiting for the embarrassment to
come.
I summoned up my remaining wells of strength, striving to relay the final regret I had left in life.

"Tamuraaa! If... If anything bad happens to me...take my computer, okay? Put it in the bathtub, turn it
on, and just fry everything on the disk form, man..."
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!!" - Subaru, Rudeus, Touya
"I wonder what's in those hard drives, Rimuru?" - Subaru
"Yeah, I wonder what dirty, naughty stuff you have in there?" - Rudeus
"The fact that that is your last request is mighty suspicious now." - Touya
"Shut up you three."
They weren't the only ones. Souma was looking at me with narrowed eyes, while the rest were either
confused or suspicious as well.
"Oh! I know what's in the hard drives! You see-" - Veldora
"Veldora, if you tell them anything, then I will ban you from ever reading any manga permanently. No
takebacks."
Veldora turned to me with the most horrified expression I have ever seen on his face, and he immediately
approached me.
"NO, RIMURU! DON'T DO IT, I BEG YOU! I STILL WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS TO
ICHIGO AFTER HE TRAINED IN THE DANGAI!" - Veldora
"Good, then shut up. I mean it."
Knowing that the grip I had on Veldora was strong, the others gave up on interrogating him, but the
teasing grins on their faces did not let up.
Confirmed. Electricity-based deletion of data... Cannot execute. More information required.
Substituting with Electricity Resistance ...Successfully acquired.
After that, he lamented on how he was a virgin when he died, remarking that his manhood must be
grieving right now.
Sorry I couldn't make you a real grown-up. If there's such a thing as reincarnation, I'm gonna go on
the attack next time—I promise. I'll hit up everyone I see, stalking my prey before I go in for the kill...
Okay, not like that, but...
Confirmed. Unique skill "Predator"...successfully acquired.
"Ugh, I forgot how I got Predator...!"
I looked down in embarrassment at my thoughts, while the rest of the theater looked at me strangely.
"Considering what actually happened in our world, you sure didn't do as you promised." - Hinata
"Please don't say that..."
I just sighed and continued on with the viewing.
I mean, here I was, lookin' at forty without ever losing my virginity. Like an old sage meditating in the
mountains. Another few years, and I probably could've been the great sage of celibacy. Not the road I

wanted to take in life, but there you go.
Confirmed. Extra skill "Sage"...successfully acquired. Evolving extra skill "Sage" into unique skill
"Great Sage"... Successful.
Ah, how nostalgic. To think I'll hear that name again.
"Two unique skills? Incredible." - Velzard
"What exactly are unique skills?" - Rio
"Unique skills are powerful abilities that are different for each person, hence the word "unique".
Normally, a person only gets one unique skill, so for Rimuru Tempest to acquire two at the very
beginning indicates that he has a very powerful soul." - Velzard
So they're something like Divine Protections, huh? - Subaru
Hoh? Two unique skills? How interesting, Rimuru Tempest. - Blanc
Predator, huh? Considering that skill is related to Gluttony and he ate the orc lord... Interesting, so you
have Gluttony. - Guy
...Hey, someone mind telling me who's talking? What do you mean, "unique skill 'Great Sage'"?
Someone tryin' to start something with me? There's nothing "unique" about that! If you think I'm
finding that funny, I'm not! That's just mean, man...
Before I could continue down that train of thought, however, I fell asleep.
Weird how death's nowhere near as lonely as I thought it'd be.
And with those words being his last thoughts, Satoru Mikami had died.
A moment of silence permeated throughout the theater. Considering that I'm still here, it felt really weird,
but I guess they were just paying respects to someone who had died.
When he woke up once more, all he saw was darkness. He couldn't sense anything at all, and found
that he couldn't open his eyes nor feel his limbs. Despite that, his body felt fine, not feeling cold or
hot. At first, he thought that he was in a coma after being stabbed, but then he felt his body move
and feel something.
The protagonists in the theater all watched in fascination as I described what it was like to wake up in my
world.
Those times feel so long ago now.
To think this is how a fellow non-human reincarnator felt when he first woke up, huh? - Teacher
I guess I should be thankful that, at the very least, I reincarnated as a human instead of a monster. Rudeus
He then wondered what was going on, as he felt that his body felt like a certain fantasy monster he
knew but dismissed it as impossible. He tried to use his mouth as a final test, but then he heard a
voice.

Use Unique Skill "Predator"?
Yes
No
"Huh?" - Elmesia
"Why is the Voice of the World speaking to you?" - Leon
I wondered whether I can tell them, but a look from the Everlasting convinced me otherwise.
"I can't tell you. You'll find out later."
The rest of the people in my world looked confused, but decided not to say anything.
"So you already had an idea that you were a slime, back then?" - Rudeus
"Yes."
"I wonder how it feels like being a slime..." - Fran
"It's probably going to be strange feeling like a blob, Fran." - Teacher
He was startled by the voice that spoke to him, wondering who it was and waited for the next voice,
but none came. He answered with a "no" and decided to further investigate. After experimenting
and finding out that the plants melt into his body and that it had no taste, a conclusion ran into his
mind.
This conclusion was solidified further by how his body felt soft, springy, and fluid.
The conclusion that he had arrived to was the fact that he had been reincarnated as a monster.
Not just any monster. He had been reincarnated as a slime .
"That must have felt strange for you." - Rio
"It really did. I could still move despite having no limbs at all. I just felt like this flowing, bouncy... thing.
It didn't feel bad, but it really did feel strange."
Everyone nodded at my description and continued watching.
A few days passed since that realization, and he simply wandered alone while munching on grass,
since he had nothing better to do. He had no idea how many days had passed since he was
reincarnated, but he simply consumed plants as he continued his wandering. He even felt lonely, as
he hadn't even heard the voice that spoke to him before.
Eventually, he realized that he needed to do something else, or he'll lose his mind, but then he
began to wonder where all of the stuff he consumes comes to.
The voice that spoke to him initially in his first day had spoken to him again, telling him that those
things he was consuming all arrived at his "Stomach", a part of his unique skill, Predator.
"We'll get an explanation about how Predator works, then." - Ainz
"This will be interesting..." - Guy

I don't think you should be too interested, given that I don't have the skill anymore. To be fair, Beelzebub
works similarly to this one.
"Yeah, I really wonder what kind of power Predator is!" - Touya
"Yes, it will be fascinating." - Leen
Sator u had been confused, saying that he had denied using the skill, but the voice replied that he
wasn't using the skill, and that this was all happening automatically. When Satoru asked what
would happen, the voice answered this:
Answer. The unique skill "Predator" chiefly comprises the following five effects:
Predation: Takes the target into your body. Lesser chance of success if the target has its own
consciousness. Can be targeted on organic and inorganic objects, as well as skills and magic.
Analysis: Analyzes and researches targets taken into your body. Lets you create craftable items. If the
required materials are present, allows you to make a copy of the item. Successful Analysis of the
casting method allows you to learn the target's skills and magic.
Stomach: Stores the Predated target. Can also store materials created via Analysis. Items stored in
your stomach are unaffected by time.
Mimicry: Reproduces the form and skills of absorbed targets. Only available once the target has been
Analyzed.
Isolate: Stores harmful effects incapable of being analyzed, neutralizing them and breaking them
down into magical force.
"That skill is ridiculously broken!" - Subaru
"Yeah, it is seriously very powerful." - Souma
"It can give you the appearance and the power of anything you eat, in addition to being able to copy any
object, and store things in a storage that is unaffected by time. This "Predator" skill is indeed
formidable." - Reinhard
He has very similar powers to me, huh? Though he eats them instead of cutting them. - Teacher
Satoru was taken aback by how powerful the skill was, but then questioned who the voice was, the
voice answered that it was his other unique skill, "Great Sage". He was fine with the voice, given
that it had finally freed him from the endless solitude he thought he was going to suffer to.
"Wait, your skill Great Sage, talks?!" - Ramiris
Well, I knew this was going to happen sooner or later.
"Yeah. It's my skill and companion."
Of course, I didn't reveal that it had evolved to Raphael now. It's a spoiler, after all.
<Answer. I am born from Master's wishes, and my purpose is to serve Master.>
Of course, Raphael, you are my one true companion.
"Your skill actually talks?!" - Guy

"Wow, to think Sensei has a talking skill!" - Kenya
"That's... incredible." - Elmesia
"How is that even possible?!" - Gazel
"My lord is truly amazing." - Diablo
"As expected of you, Rimuru-sama." - Shuna
"Hehe, my bestie is really cool!" - Milim
"Oh? You are very interesting, Rimuru Tempest!" - Jaune
I see now why Noir-chan, no, Diablo serves you. To think such you have achieved such an absurdity... If I
did come to serve you somehow, it would be my utmost honor... - Blanc
"Damn, he has a talking skill, huh?" - Subaru
"That's crazy..." - Touya
"To think he has a power that talks..." - Roxy
"Unbelievable..." - Ainz
"Fascinating..." - Echidna
After that encounter, 90 days pass uneventfully.
"90 days? So you've been in the cave for more than 3 months?" - Lugh
"Yeah. Great Sage helped me with most of it, even if they were speaking so robotically."
Yeah, being alone for 90 days while being incapable of seeing anything will definitely suck. I'm glad I
never experienced anything like that, at the very least. - Subaru
This was something that Satoru had learned from the Great Sage
According to this Sage, it took ninety days for the skill to fully fuse itself with my soul. Normally, it
would be unable to provide responses in the form of conversation, but in order to answer my questions,
it apparently revamped itself, diverting part of its "Voice of the World" powers to assist me. That's how
it was explained to me, at least. This useful ability—relaying words into my mind—isn't normally
possible. As it explained to me, this "Voice of the World" was heard only when there were great
changes to the world or when you either earned or upgraded a skill—something that normally didn't
happen all that often. These skills were obtained only rarely, when the world recognized that you had
grown in one way or another.
"How truly absurd." - Luminous
Heh, with this, I'll now have a powerful pawn against Rudra. Great, this is fantastic! - Guy
The Great Sage then explained its abilities:
Thought Acceleration: Boosts perception speed by a thousand times.
Analyze and Assess: Analyzes and assesses the target.

Parallel Operation: Operates on any matter you wish to analyze, separating it from the regular
thought process.
Cast Cancel: Annuls the casting period required when using magic, et cetera.
All of Creation: Provides full coverage of all unsuppressed matter and phenomena in this world.
"Again, another broken skill!" - Subaru
"It also complements well with his "Predator" skill. - Lugh
"Yeah, it does." - Rudeus
Satoru was happy with the skill, and after linking Parallel Operation with Analysis, he managed to
analyze his surroundings faster. He then found out that the plants he had been eating were
hipokute herbs, which are the main ingredients in healing potions. He decided to craft these potions
upon hearing this, and he created multiple of these potions.
"You know, Rimuru, have you ever ran out of those things? The herbs and the ore?" - Hinata
"Not really. It's easy to mass-produce the hipokute herbs in the cave given the amount of magicules still
in there from Veldora."
So these magicules are basically what they consider the mana in their world. - Rudeus
His adventures continued, with Satoru falling into a lake of water and lamenting about how short
his life was until Great Sage informed him that he does not need to breathe, so he will not suffocate
in water. After propelling himself out of there using his Predator skill, he was then spoken to by
someone.
"You are a slime. Did you really think you would suffocate?" - Touya
"I know, it's embarrassing!" - Rimuru
"Cut him some slack. He had just been reincarnated as a slime, after all." - Subaru
This someone called out to Satoru. At first, he unknowingly insulted him, but after clearing up the
misunderstanding, he then expressed his curiosity of the slime itself, calling him a unique monster.
This someone was Veldora, the Storm Dragon.
"Hahahahahaha! Here it is, my first ever appearance!" - Veldora
"Tch, damn lizard..." - Luminous
After introducing himself, the Storm Dragon asked the slime about his origins, and sensing that
lying will do him no good, Rimuru explained himself truthfully.
Veldora was surprised by his origins, and explained that, despite otherworlders not being an
unheard-of occurrence here, people who are reincarnated here are rare, which explained Veldora's
surprise. He then explained how otherworlders actually end up in the world, either through
accidental migration or summoning. He explained the tragic circumstances of summoned people in
this world .
"How sad..." - Emilia

"That's really unfair." - Rudeus
"Imagine being summoned into a world and automatically becoming someone's slave. That's..." - Souma
"...Unforgivable." - Fran
Fran definitely sympathizes with them, given that she also became a slave for most of her life. - Teacher
This could have been us had Haruto no rescued us... - Miharu
"Why is it that reincarnators are rare in that world, Rimuru-san?" - Rudeus
"It's because of the soul. It must take an exceptionally strong soul for them to cross over without a
physical body, so in all honesty, it wasn't at all surprising that Rimuru Tempest had two unique skills in
his disposal." - Velzard
Is that why I also have four ultimate skills, Raphael?
<Answer. Indeed, that is the cause.>
I see.
After this, Veldora offered to teach Satoru the extra skill "Magic Sense" in order to deal with his
problem of not being able to sense anything, in exchange for the slime not being afraid of him and
coming back to the cave to talk to him. Noting how lonely the dragon was, he accepts.
"How sweet..." - Miharu
"Now Rimuru-san will be able to see his surroundings for the first time!"- Satsuki
"I wonder what sights he will see first!" - Mea
"After 3 months of complete darkness, that must have felt good." - Rio
"It felt incredible, really."
Once he learned the skill, Satoru became in awe of how beautiful everything is, as well as remarked
to himself about how much of a cheat Great Sage was.
"Woah..."
Many in the audience felt in awe of what I saw at the time after learning Magic Sense. It was really
beautiful though, so I can't really blame them.
"It's so pretty..." - Petra
"It all looks so pretty!" - Yumina
"They're beautiful." - Sylphiette
"Is that how you see the world all the time, Rimuru-dono?" - Wilhelm
"Not exactly. It only looks like that because of the abundance of magicules in the surrounding area."
"Still, for that to be the first time you see after being blind for a long time? That's awesome." - Touya
"I agree. It all looks so amazing!" - Eris

He turns around and finally meets the true face of Veldora. Needless to say, Satoru was scared at
first, but managed to calm himself down. He then began to ponder about Veldora's situation as well
as his seal and asked him about it.
Veldora narrated that a hero sealed him, and said hero was an otherworlder like Satoru is. They
then have a conversation about otherworlders, and how they normally appear in the world. Satoru
also learned the foremost way of the world he now lives in.
Survival of the fittest.
"Tooooo think that this wooooorld has such a simplistic miiiiiindset." - Roswaal
"Survival of the fittest, huh?" - Souma
"I'm honestly glad I didn't get summoned in that world instead. I probably wouldn't have survived for so
long." - Souma
"You guys should really remember that principle of the world. It's very important."
A hero, huh? I wonder what they're like compared to me... - Epona
"Being stuck in the same location for the next 300 years must feel horrible..." - Rio
I could see that little girl besides Subaru look at Veldora with sympathy. She must have gone through
something similar.
He then continued to describe the hero who sealed him, noting the unique skills that she used,
Absolute Severance and Unlimited Imprisonment, to fight and overwhelm him.
Satoru asked why they had to do that, and Veldora said that it was because he was riled up and
decided to destroy an entire human city. He emphasized that this was just one time , and that
normally, he loves humans and would never hurt them intentionally.
"Are you really going to say that after destroying my city, you damn lizard?!" - Luminous
"But I already apologized..." - Veldora
"And that apology is not enough, you bastard." - Luminous
"Luminous, if you're going to punish Veldora, do it later."
"Very well." - Luminous
"Rimuru, you betrayed me again!" - Veldora
"That's what you get for destroying cities, Veldora. Just sit down and accept your punishment. At least it's
only Luminous punishing you."
I noticed Veldora slightly glancing at his older sister and shuddered. Now I know that Velzard also had a
habit of punishing Veldora, and that was why he's so scared of her.
Meanwhile, I also noticed that everyone else was horrified by the sudden revelation of Veldora
destroying an entire city.
"H-He destroyed an entire city?!" - Souna

"Yes, he did. Don't worry, he's been suitably punished for it."
Due to the conversation, Rimuru decided that he and Veldora are now friends.
"Just like that, Rimuru?" - Ramiris
"I thought Veldora was lonely, so I wanted to be his friend, you know?"
"How kind of you. My rambunctious little brother has been always so lonely, so I'm not glad that
someone like you is glad to be his friend." - Velzard.
"Please don't embarrass me like that, sister! Besides, I was not lonely at all!" - Veldora
He looked away as he said that.
Wh-what? A mere slime, daring to seek the friendship of the mighty beast feared worldwide as Veldora
the Storm Dragon?!
Oh, um, you don't have to if you don't want, but...
You fool! You foolish fool!! Who said anything about not wishing it?!
Oh, no? Okay, so, um...now what?
—Mmm, indeed... If you insist...I suppose I could consider it...
"Tsundere Dragon!" - Rudeus
Imagine if Orsted acted like that. Tsundere Orsted... Urgh, just thinking about it is enough to make me
nauseous. May I never think of that ever again. - Rudeus
"Man, you're seriously not that cute to say things like that!" - Subaru
"Hmph, to think that he would act similar to Betty is just unforgivable!" - Beatrice
"Is that dragon seriously acting like a tsundere? Come on, man!" - Touya
"How cute!" - Yumina
"Hehe, how adorable..." - Rem
"So cute!" - Tarte
"How mean!" - Veldora
"There, there, Veldora..."
After this, Veldora offered to name him, explaining the concept of naming in the Cardinal World.
After some discussion, they named themselves Tempest, while Veldora granted him the name
Rimuru. And so, Rimuru Tempest was born.
"Naming monsters can make them more powerful?" - Lugh
"Yeah. Naming any non-human being will grant them power. It does consume magicules though, so one
must be careful of that." - Velzard

Rimuru, wanting to free his newfound friend and sworn brother from imprisonment, asked about
what he could do to remove his seal. At first, he tried to consume the seal with Predator, but it
failed. With some thought, Rimuru decided to consume Veldora himself and analyze his seal on
Rimuru's stomach, with both of them analyzing the barrier from the inside and the outside.
"So that's how you disappeared, Veldora." - Velzard.
"Y-Yes, sister." - Veldora
"That's a brilliant idea." - Ainz
"Yes. If they both analyzed the seal from different part, that will speed up the process." - Demiurge
These two analyzing the seal together, hm? Considering that both people have unique skill, he should not
have been freed from his seal that early. It should have taken centuries, at least. The only way for this to
happen is if Rimuru has.... Heh, Wonderful. Rimuru has ultimate skills, I see! He will definitely be a
useful pawn for me against Rudra! - Guy
As both beings came into agreement, Veldora expressing his full trust in Rimuru, and both of them
sharing a promise that they will see each other again, Rimuru consumed Veldora and his seal, and
Rimuru continued on his journey to escape the cave, hoping to see his new friend again in the
future.
Meanwhile, the world was shaken by the disappearance of Veldora. Many nations that surround
the Great Forest of Jura were stricken with panic over the news. In the Kingdom of Blumund, a
minister of the kingdom, Baron Veryard, as well as the guildmaster of the Free Guild branch of
Blumund, Fuze, spoke about his disappearance. They discussed the potential ramifications of
Veldora disappearing from the Great Forest of Jura, including the Empire potentially moving to
conquer the Western Nations if they manage to navigate the Forest, with them believing that the
Western Holy Church will not provide any support. The discussion ends with Fuze being tasked to
gather information regarding Veldora's disappearance.
I was not at all surprised by this information. While this interaction was new to me, all the information
mentioned in it was not. This was probably why Elen and the others was seen in the forest at that time
along with Shizu.
Meanwhile, the others were either curious or disinterested, but all of us remained silent.
We go back to Rimuru, and it has been thirty days since he had consumed Veldora, and he had
been traveling around the cave, thinking of a way to protect himself. After some experimentation,
he got the idea of sending a fast high-pressure water jet-cutter to slice through his enemies, giving
him the extra skill Control Water in the process.
"At this point in time, it has been four months since you were reincarnated?" - Rio
"Yeah, it is."
He then continued on his way, expressing his enthusiasm about the outside world, meeting
otherworlders just like him, and learning magic. He then remembered Veldora, and swore that he
would have a lot of stories to tell Veldora when the two of them reunite.
"You know that I was watching the whole time, right, Rimuru?" - Veldora
"I didn't know that at the time!"

He sounded excited, huh? Considering how broken his skills are, he probably would be very excited to
explore the world. He was just like me when I first arrived in Lugunica as well. Ugh, just remembering
how I acted at the time is just embarrassing... - Subaru
With an internal sigh, I traveled down the lone path upward from the broad underground cavern I had
grown used to, my mind on the wide world to come. Who knew what would be awaiting me? I hardly
knew what to expect, but I knew I wanted it.
I can't help but be disappointed at how naive I was at this point. If only I was more prepared at how
harsh this world could get. After all, the principle of the world was survival of the fittest.
Rimuru's journey in the cave was not a safe one. During his wandering over the cave, he found a
lot of monsters, including a Black Serpent, Evil Centipede, Black Spider, Giant Bat, and
Armorsaurus. He thought about how strong they are, even if Rimuru managed to finish the fight
easily, and how disgusted he was at some of them, like the spider and the centipede. He of course
consumed all of them, and too their skills, even if the bug monsters made Rimuru pause.
"A demonstration regarding how truly powerful Predator is." - Lugh
"Damn, he took out all of those monsters so easily..." Touya
"So strong..." - Fran
We began our journeys very similarly, huh, Rimuru? We both hunted down monsters so that we can get
stronger, then had a fateful encounter with someone that will become our precious loved one. - Teacher
Here are the skills that Rimuru managed to take from the monsters using Predator.
Black snake: Poisonous Breath, Sense Heat Source
Centipede: Paralyzing Breath
Big spider: Sticky Thread, Steel Thread
Vampire bat: Drain, Ultrasonic Wave
Armorsaurus : Body Armor
"So many skills..." - Fran
"There is a lot." - Rudeus
"It really shows how powerful Rimuru is even this early..." - Ramiris
"Yeah, you were scared of me when I was just a demon lord seed and you were a full-fledged demon
lord. So much for being an ancient demon lord..."
"Shut up, Rimuru! If I had been at my full strength, I would have beaten you with one hit!" - Ramiris
"Sure, you do."
Rimuru further experimented with these skills, and he especially enjoyed both Steel Thread and
Ultrasonic Wave. The latter skill allowed him to finally get a voice for himself without using
Telepathy.

Eventually, Rimuru had reached the door to the cave and encountered his first humans. It was
three adventurers trying to enter the cave where Veldora was. They talked to each other as they
opened the door, with Rimuru doing his best to avoid them and finally, Rimuru had reached the
outside world.
"Wait, Elen-chan was the first human you've met?" - Erald
"Yes, they are. They were investigating Veldora's disappearance on behalf of the Guild of Blumund."
"I see." - Erald
It turns out that the cave where Rimuru was born in was inside this massive forest known as the
Great Forest of Jura. It is a massive forest filled with monsters and is said to impossible to pass
through. When Rimuru began to travel through the forest, the monsters were scared off by him for
a reason unknown to Rimuru, but he continued wandering as he didn't mind at all that he was
being avoided. Rimuru also wondered why the forest felt... restless, at least in his opinion.
"You weren't concealing your aura, were you?" - Luminous
"I didn't even know such a thing existed at this point!"
"Because of course Veldora will never explain it to you, considering he never concealed his own until
much recently." - Velzard
Veldora just looked embarrassed at not explaining aura to me, though with the fact that I didn't pay
attention to his explanation of names, I knew that I may not have even listened to him about this.
It wasn't until a bunch of goblins showed up and asked him what his business are that the reason
became clear to him. He was exuding an extraordinary aura that was making other monsters
tremble in fear of him. Learning of this, Rimuru decided to conceal his aura and magicules.
"Heh, Great Sage is really helping you, huh? Concealing your magicules like that is not that easy, you
know?" - Guy
"I know. Besides, I probably didn't have that much compared to you guys at that point, so there's that."
"Are there any negative effects to magicules leaking out?" - Echidna
"Magicules are actively harmful to humans. Any human that isn't powerful enough will instantly
disintegrate when exposed to high concentration of magicules." - Blanc
The humans in the audience all collectively shuddered at the explanation.
Yep, I'm glad I didn't get summoned there... - Souma
Disintegration, huh? I kinda want to know what that feels like. Considering how cruel my world can get,
I wouldn't be surprised if I get disintegrated at some point. - Subaru
They had also asked for his help in dealing with the invasion of the direwolves and becoming a
guardian for that goblin village. The goblins had also explained that Veldora's disappearance has
caused the monsters in the forest to vie for dominance as the strongest denizens of Jura, and that
was why the direwolves attacked the goblins.
"Seeing how Tempest began is... fascinating." - Elmesia
"This all feels so nostalgic..."

"It does indeed, Master." - Ranga
Feeling responsible for this, Rimuru decided to help the goblins in their battle against the
direwolves.
"Finally, a fight." - Fran
Everyone felt a bit startled, including me, that Fran wanted to see a fight.
"Of course, you're going to look for a fight, Fran..." - Teacher
"Yeah! This is exciting!" - Eris
"Yes, my amazin' self is going to witness a badass fight!" - Garfiel
"Go, slime boss!" - Mimi
Slime boss, really?
"We will see an exciting spectacle, we will." - Yae
"Let's see how Rimuru handles this!" - Ramiris
"To think that the direwolves and goblins were once enemies. You all seem to have such an unbreakable
bond together." - Benimaru
"It's all Rimuru-sama's doing, you know?" - Gobta
That night, the direwolves marched into the goblin village, prepared to subjugate them. Rimuru
came out and made a speech to the direwolves as intimidation. It was ignored and they all charged.
Due to the fortifications the goblins made, they managed to drive off the invading direwolves. The
alpha, feeling angry, decided to attack himself to show his might, but Rimuru simply took him
down with one Water Blade straight to the neck, killing him instantly. He then consumed his
corpse, gaining the skills "Keen Smell", "Thought Communication", and "Coercion".
Seeing the defeat of their leader, the direwolves pledged their allegiance to Rimuru, ending the
battle between the goblins and direwolves.
"That was quick!" - Subaru
"He just cut that wolf's head off just like that!" - Otto
"Hell yeah!" - Garfiel
"Hm. Cool, but a bit too short." - Fran
"Sir Rimuru truly is powerful." - Crusch
"You're embracing the survival of the fittest mindset easily, huh?" - Souma
"I guess I did, since I'm a monster now."
"These direwolves seemed really eager to serve Rimuru..." - Liscia
"These are monsters. Of course they'll follow the strongest one they see around." - Jaune
"What a splendid victory, my lord." - Diablo

"Of course, Rimuru-sama will win!" - Shion
Rimuru then complained about the cleanup process.
"Cleanup is always the worst." - Rudeus
"Hm, it's always so hard." - Fran
"It's so tedious!" - Subaru
"Like you ever join in any cleanup, Barusu." - Ram
"That's just not true, nee-sama!" - Subaru
"Cleanup is a difficult process." - Souma
Who's the idiot that ordered them to destroy their own homes? What're we gonna do about those? And
where're all these goblins gonna sleep tonight? And what am I supposed to do with all these dogs? I
mean, sure, we killed off a fair number of them, but that's still, like, eighty more mouths to feed.
"No wonder you recruited us, Boss." - Kaijin
"Yeah. It was really hard not having you guys at first, what with all the flimsy homes the goblins
originally had."
I, um... Ah, screw it. That's all for today, people! I'll think about it tomorrow, once everyone wakes up.
"Mood." - Rudeus
"Mood." - Subaru
"Mood." - Souma
"Mood." - Fran
"Mood." - Teacher
"Mood." - Rio
"Mood." - Lugh
Mood. - Ainz
(A/N: I don't care if some of these guys wouldn't really know about the slang, I'm doing it anyway.)
"They're all getting along already..." - Liscia
"It's strangely cute!" - Yumina
"You're right." - Sylphiette
The next day, the goblins and direwolves came together, and Rimuru announced that he was going
to name them all, much to the shock of the monsters. Rimuru was confused as to why they looked
so shock and happy, but decided not to pay it any mind, and instead moved forward with naming
them. He named the goblin chief Rigurd after his son Rigur that had died, while the brother of
Rigur inherited his name and became Rigur himself. Many other goblins were named as well, like
Gobta, Gobuemon, Gobzo, and Haruna.

"Clearly, Rimuru is not the most... creative of individuals." - Hinata
"Oh come on, Hinata, try naming like a hundred people by yourself and let's see how creative you get!"
"Did you not listen to anything that Veldora told you about naming people?" - Velzard
"I didn't pay attention..."
"But seriously, Gobta for a goblin..." - Subaru
Rimuru then moved on to naming the direwolves, but just as the slime named the new alpha of the
direwolves, Ranga, he began to enter what Great Sage called "sleep mode" due to him running out
of magicules. It turned out, naming monsters consumed magicules, and that the sheer amount of
monsters Rimuru had to name caused him to run out.
"As expected, Rimuru faced the consequences of being too carefree." - Hinata
And it's not going to be the last.
I was honestly still reeling from the revelation that Diablo was a Primordial Demon. I didn't expect such
a big figure to serve me, a fledgling demon lord. It sounds like a bad joke. Just thinking about what
would have happened if I didn't find out that he was a Primordial gives me a headache already.
"Maybe you should cut him some slack, Hinata-san. Rimuru is still very new to the world at this point,
after all." - Touya
After three days, Rimuru woke up from his slumber, and noticed that the goblins had changed
appearance. The goblin chief, Rigurd, had changed from a fragile old man to a muscle-bound
adult. The other goblins also became more human-like too.
"WHAT THE HELL?!" - Subaru
"That's certainly a drastic change." - Leen
"Yeah, naming is that effective in strengthening monsters."
This is one of the reasons why Rimuru and his country will be one of my biggest assets in a game against
Rudra. Every one of his subordinates are extremely powerful. - Guy
They explained that after they had been named by Rimuru, they had all been evolved, the males
evolving to hobgoblins and the females evolving to goblinas. The direwolves had also transformed
into tempest wolves.
Seeing that the settlement between the two races was going well, Rimuru decided to address a few
of their problems: food, clothing, and shelter.
"The needs of any settlement just starting out." - Souma
"Considering that they're in a forest, the food will be easy to access. Only the clothing and shelter are an
issue." - Lugh
This is why Rimuru came to Dwargon. - Gazel
The food was easy enough, but they ran into issues with the clothing and shelter. Before they
tackled that, though, Rimuru wanted to lay down some rules for the village. The next day, he
gathered the entire village population, and announced his rules.

1. Do not attack human beings.
"Ugh."
"I-Is there any problem with that rule, Rimuru-san?" - Satsuki
"Not exactly. There's nothing wrong with the rule itself, but... it has caused me some problems in the
past."
I could see my subordinates, especially Shion, look down sadly at the reminder of the Farmus Invasion.
2. Do not fight among your friends.
3. Do not look down upon other species
"Why write this rule?" - Luminous
"I didn't want them growing arrogant since I evolved and named them."
When asked about the first rule, Rimuru stated that it was just because he liked humans, which the
goblins accepted easily.
Without knowing it at the time, Rimuru Tempest has established the beginnings of the Jura
Tempest Federation.
"Yes, it is incredibly fascinating seeing the beginnings of such a great nation." - Elmesia
"To me, it's more nostalgia than anything."
After he had divided up the roles, with Rigurd serving as the leader, Rimuru asked how they were
going to tackle the problem with the clothes and the shelter. Rigurd stated that they needed to ask
the dwarves for help regarding such matters. After collecting an expedition force, including Rigur
and Ranga, they all began to depart for the Dwarven Kingdom.
The travel to the Dwarven Kingdom went smoothly, and Rimuru gained information regarding a
certain majin that named the original Rigur named Gelmud. He was said to be the subordinate of a
demon lord, and feeling concerned, Rimuru took note of him, deciding to remember him.
Ah, this really was so long ago. To think there was a period in which I was concerned over Clayman
really speaks volumes on how far I've come now.
"You are right, Emperor Elmesia, this is truly interesting to see." - Gazel
Rimuru then asked about Dwargon, and it was Gobta who answered.
According to Gobta's account, the current king was Gazel Dwargo, third in his line from the original.
A great hero, one whose might and presencemade the elder dwarves recall his grandfather in his
younger years, but also an intelligent one who ruled his realm with a steady, even hand. A living hero,
in a way. It had been a thousand years since Guran Dwargo, the first Heroic King ofthe dwarves,
established this kingdom. Since then, his descendants hadcarried on his will, preserving and
developing his people's history, culture,and technical skill. In a nutshell, that was Dwargon. Given
how long its kings apparentlylived, it must have been a hell of a place. Hearing about it got me excited.
"Did it live up to your expectations, Rimuru?" - Gazel

"It was great! Definitely lived up to my expectations as a country, Gazel! My first visit was definitely
spoiled by someone though, but I don't have to worry about that now."
That guy was a dwarf? I couldn't tell at all! He looks just like a human! - Subaru
In the span of only three days, they reached the Kingdom of Dwargon. Their entrance didn't go
smoothly, with Rimuru having to transform into a monster to scare off adventurers who were
bothering him, then being put into custody by the guards and being incarcerated. Fortunately, he
managed to get into the good graces of the soldiers by providing healing potions to the wounded
miners. Eventually, he was freed and was even allowed to be referred to a smith that would help
him with his troubles.
"Rimuru is definitely lucky and unlucky at the same time. He had to experience things like this because
he is a monster, yet he also had the capability to make things so easy for him." - Rio
"Are those potions the ones you made inside yourself with the hipokute herbs?" - Lugh
"Yeah."
Those potions are definitely extremely useful for how potent they are. - Lugh
He then reached a certain smithy, where a dwarf named Kaijin, as well as the miners Rimuru
saved, Garm, Dold, and Myrd, where having a dilemma. It turned out that a minister named
Vester had a grudge against them, and is using that to pressure them into jobs that are almost
impossible. Right now, Kaijin was being pressured to produce twenty magisteel swords for the
King within two weeks, something that was impossible according to Kaijin.
Rimuru, knowing that he can help, decided to strike a deal with Kaijin. In exchange for producing
the twenty magisteel swords for him, he would help Rimuru with his problem with the goblin
village. Kaijin agreed, and Rimuru went to work. After Kaijin produced a singular magisteel
sword, Rimuru consumed it, then used his unique skill to analyze the weapon and copied it using
his own supply of magisteel in his Stomach. This resulted in the twenty swords being finished
within the span of a single day, much to the celebration of the dwarves.
"Yep, another example of why both of his unique skills in tandem are so incredibly powerful..." - Subaru
"He just completed a supposedly impossible task with such ease..." - Souma
"He's insane..." - Touya
"Do you think you can do something like that with Legendary-Grade and Mythical-Grade weapons?" Hinata
"I don't really know, I never tried."
Could I, Raphael-sensei?
<Answer. It is possible for Legendary-Grade weapons, but Mythical-Grade weapons are unlikely to be
copied so easily, but not impossible.>
I see.
To celebrate their success, they went to a night club named the "Night Butterfly". When they
arrived there, they were greeted by beautiful elves, and Rimuru is immediately smitten, given that
elves were his type. The celebration then began in earnest.

"How the hell did you manage to enjoy a night club as a slime?" - Subaru
"Just seeing the beautiful elves was enough for me!"
"Yes, you get me! Elves are really beautiful!" - Subaru
I could see the girl who was named Emilia blush and be flustered by what he said.
As they were in the middle of drinking, Rimuru was approached by one of the elves, claiming that
the elf was a fortune-teller, and told him that he will receive a fortune regarding his "destined
one".
Curious, Rimuru agreed, and the fortune-telling began. As the crystal ball swirled to life, it
produced an image of a woman surrounded by kids. He had never seen the woman before, but she
looked like a Japanese woman, and she a had a gentle and beautiful expression. Satisfied, Rimuru
thanked the elf woman, and the celebration continued.
"Destined one, huh?" - Hinata
There was a nostalgic expression on her face, and there was one in mine too. It has been a long time since
I've seen her, despite having her appearance, and I still miss her a lot.
"She looks like an older version of you but with black eyes and hair, Rimuru-san." - Sylphiette
"You'll see why."
I seeeeee, so Rimuru consuuuuuumed her and took her appearance. How inteeeeeresting. - Roswaal
Demon Lord Rimuru most certainly consumed her, though with the expression he's making, it was
probably out of good faith. - Excel
Rimuru definitely consumed her, but the circumstances around it must be complicated - Lugh
(A/N: I know that this is an anime addition, but I liked it, so I kept it.)
Unfortunately, things took an abrupt end as the minister that had a grudge on them, Vester, had
arrived at the Night Butterfly to harass them. One thing led to another, and Kaijin punched Vester
in the face, leading to them being arrested.
"Ugh, stupid nobles." - Fran
"Yeah, stuck-up nobles are always the worst!" - Teacher
"You know there are probably like, multiple nobles in this room, right?" - Subaru
"We don't mind, Mr. Subaru." - Sellimea
"Yes, we don't mind. We know how many nobles are extremely corrupt, we experienced it ourselves." Excel
"Yeah, I experienced some shitty ones myself." - Touya
"Indeed. Nobles are vain creatures, after all." - Lugh
"No offense taken." - Crusch

Rimuru asked Kaijin and the brothers why Vester had a grudge on them as they were being held in
prison, and he answered.
The "magic-armor affair."
At the time, the engineering corps was seen as the lowest of the army'sseven departments—barely
producing any new technology for itself. Vester believed a kingdom rich in technology should have an
appropriately famous corps of engineers, while Kaijin was more of a status-quo man when it cameto
research and development. Despite how intense their arguments got, they never managed to reach an
agreement during their countless garrison meetings. Along the way, the corps launched a so-called
magic-armor soldier project with a team of elf engineers. Vester was hell-bent on making this project
asuccess and boosting the corps's position in the military pecking order. Kaijin warned him that he
was proceeding too quickly with it, but even then, Vester had little time for the advice of a commonborn man.
In the end, thanks to Vester's arbitrary whims, an experiment went awry and led to a spirit-magic core
running out of control—a very public failure and a bad setback for the project at an early stage. Thus,
despite some of the greatest minds of the world working on it, themagic-armor project ground to a
halt. As head of the engineering corps, Kaijin wound up taking the heat for it, resigning from his
position in the army. Not only did Vester make Kaijin the scapegoat; he even convinced his friends
among the higher-ranked leaders to give false testimony against him. That, according to Kaijin at
least, was the truth.
"Wait, you guys also attempted that? It isn't that hard to achieve, you know?" - Ramiris
"Oh yeah, you did, didn't you?"
"You managed to succeed on it, Demon Lord Ramiris?" - Kaijin
"Yes, I did! Though I can't really say how I did it here. Maybe once we take a break!" - Ramiris
A trial was then held a few days later in front of the Dwarven King, and unfortunately, they were
almost sentenced to a much more harsher punishment due to Vester bribing Kaijin's
representative, but due to the fairness of the King, Kaijin and the others were simple sentenced to
an exile, something that Kaijin had no complaints about.
"Did you read our minds in order to find out who's telling the truth, Gazel?"
"Yes, I did. It's a useful trick, and it has worked for me splendidly so far." - Gazel
Wait, he can read minds?! I hope he hasn't been reading mine... - Subaru
When the trial ended, Rimuru and the others left Dwargon almost immediately, having offered
their services to Rimuru and his village. Rimuru was happy about this, and so they all departed to
return to Rimuru's village.
"At least you succeeded in what you set out to do, Sir Rimuru." - Maria
"Yeah, it's always great when things go well."
Meanwhile, in the trial room, Gazel talked to Vester about what he had done. He showed him the
full potion that Rimuru provided as well as the magisteel sword and said that the slime had been
the one to provide them with these wondrous items. Because of Vester's malice, the slime had been
driven off of Dwargon, and all connections to him had been severed. Vester realized this as well,

and also realized that now, he will also be punished by the King. He was stripped of his position
and was driven away from the palace.
"Good riddance." - Liscia
"King Gazel, what happened to him afterwards?" - Souma
"He is now..." - Gazel
The king of the dwarves look at the Everlasting for confirmation, and he nodded.
"...exiled and under the employment of Rimuru." - Gazel
"He has atoned for all of his sins for us and is a useful part of our country."
"I see. Well, all's well that ends well, I guess." - Souma
Meanwhile, Gazel pondered on the existence of Rimuru, and wondered what kind of monster he
was. After ordering an agent to keep an eye on him, he retreated to his chambers.
"To think that the same slime will eventually become an ally of mine, life is very strange." - Gazel
"Yeah, it is indeed."
Going back to Rimuru, he began more experimentation regarding his power. Specifically, his
transformation as a tempest starwolf. After testing its physical abilities, he tested his magical ones.
He fired of a "Dark Lightning" spell, and it caused a riverside boulder to be shattered, practically
decimated by the spell. Rimuru then swore to himself that he'll never use the spell so casually
again. He then continued on his journey towards the village with the dwarves.
"Well, damn!" - Ricardo
"Calm down, Rimuru!" - Subaru
"It's just like that King-tier Lightning spell..." - Rudeus
"How powerful..." - Julius
"Have you ever used that spell on anyone?" - Hinata
"I honestly do not remember. Maybe against that guy?"
I was referring to the orc lord, but well, Everlasting will show it, and that will definitely constitute as
spoilers.
Rimuru then asked whether Kaijin was alright following him. The dwarf laughed and gave his
answer.
"Gah-hah-hah-hah! Well! A lot more sensitive than I thought, eh, Rimuru? I did it because it looked
like fun. It was just instinct, you know? Like, 'Hey, this guy's gonna go out and do something!' That's
all the reason I needed, y'know?"
Satisfied by the answer, they continued on their journey.
"And I was right, Rimuru, you definitely became something great!" - Kaijin

"I'm glad I didn't disappoint you at all, Kaijin."
Two days later, they returned back to the village. After introducing them to the villagers, they
began teaching them their craft. Meanwhile, Rigurd introduced Rimuru to more goblins who
wanted to come under Rimuru's wing. Despite his apprehension, Rimuru took them in, promising
that if they ever betrayed them, he would kill them all.
"Definitely adapting to that mindset quickly." - Souma
"I didn't think you had it in you to be so brutal." - Hinata
"I didn't want to take any chances at all."
That didn't stop me from being naive with humans, though. Haaaah...
That's definitely a good trait when becoming a ruler." - Souma
The dwarves then continued teaching the goblins basic skills, like reading and carpentry. Rimuru
felt proud at his village developing, hoping that one day, this will all turn into a full-blown nation.
Meanwhile, in the Blumund Free Guild branch, Fuze was currently receiving a report from the
three adventurers Rimuru initially saw. They were named Elen, Kaval, and Gido. They reported all
about Veldora's disappearance in the cave as well as their experiences. After their report, Fuze told
them to rest for three days, then continue their investigation of the surrounding forest. They
groaned and complained but knew that they couldn't do anything about it, so they accepted. Later,
they are found on the streets of the city, discussing the mission. As this was happening, they saw a
woman walking towards them wearing a mask. She asked them whether they were going towards
the forest and requested that she accompany them. They accepted, and they all went on their way.
I hope you had a pleasant adventure with them, Shizu.
I looked on sadly at the screen, seeing Shizu once again after so long.
We go back to Rimuru once more, and we see him building the goblin village along with the
dwarves. He observed their progress, smiling internally as he did so. A few minutes later, a goblin
began approaching him, and told him that they had captured some humans who were doing
investigations in the forest. Puzzled by this, Rimuru checked on who they were.
It was the adventurer trio, plus the black-haired masked woman. They were all eating meals
happily, not at all looking like they were captured. They introduced themselves as Elen, Gido, and
Kaval. The masked woman introduced herself as Shizu, who was eating while keeping her mask on,
much to the confusion of Rimuru.
"How is she doing that?" - Rudeus
"I honestly never found out how."
Rimuru then introduced himself, stating that he was not a bad slime, causing Shizu to chuckle.
They then told him what they were investigating, and Rimuru nodded, thinking about how much
Veldora's disappearance affected the human nations.
"Is it really that concerning?" - Yumina
"Try imagining one of the world's worst disasters in the form of a living being, the one being that most
people fear and dread every day. Suddenly, that thing disappears from its seal, without a trace. Everyone

would be concerned." - Hinata
"I understand." - Yumina
Veldora pouted at being called on of the world's worst disasters, but the guy definitely deserves it.
"Ah, it's like if the Witch of Envy in our world suddenly disappeared, huh?" - Subaru
The people from the Return world visibly shuddered at Subaru's statement.
"Really, though, Rimuru? You referenced that game?" - Subaru
"Hey, it fit the moment!"
Some of them who also got the reference snickered, while the rest were, understandably, confused.
After this conversation, they all went to rest with the lodgings the goblins provided them. However,
Shizu walked away, causing Rimuru to feel curious and approach her. He then saw her looking
towards the sunset as she took off her mask. Rimuru was startled as he saw that the woman was
the same woman he saw on the crystal ball. His supposed "destined one".
Everyone was visibly surprised by Shizu appearing this early, not having connected the dots that she was
the same one I saw at the crystal balls until right that moment. All of them began watching intently,
wanting to know what comes next.
Shizu greeted him, calling him "Slime-san". They then engaged in small talk with one another, then
Rimuru asked whether she was an otherworlder. He was interrupted by Shizu asking whether he
referenced a game earlier with his introduction. She clarified that she did not play the game, but
her student did. They then told each other how they were transported into the world.
"Oh, she's an otherworlder as well? What's her actual name?" - Rio
"Shizue Izawa. As you guys may have noticed, she's Japanese."
Rio nodded, and we all continued watching.
With Rimuru, he said that he was stabbed and reincarnated as a slime, and with Shizu, she said
that she was summoned by someone. Rimuru, remembering his conversation with Veldora about
otherworlders, felt sad about Shizu. She then continued, saying that there were bombs falling on
the sky before she was summoned.
"Bombs falling from the sky? Don't tell me..." - Touya
"World War 2. The air raids." - Souma
"She got summoned from that far back?!" - Rudeus
"That must have been rough for her..." - Nanahoshi
"World...War 2?" - Emilia
"It's a conflict that happened in our world around 80 years ago. It was a war between world powers that
lasted for 6 years, and 60 million people died in it."
Many people in the audience couldn't help but gasp in shock. I'm sure their worlds must not have faced
conflicts that big if their expressions were any indication.

I see. His Majesty's world has definitely faced some deadly conflicts before, which explains his
familiarity with treachery. - Excel
To think Touya's world have experienced such horrors... - Yumina
The conflict killed even more than the entirety of our world's population combined! - Crusch
To think that the world the heroes came from had experienced such a horrible war... - Princess Charlotte
Rimuru knew what she was referring to, and he offered to tell her everything that happened in
Japan afterwards. Using "Thought Communication", Rimuru provided her his memories of what
happened to Japan, causing Shizu to tear up in happiness. However, she then clutched her chest in
pain, causing Rimuru to ask if she was alright. She said that she was just fine, thanked Rimuru for
the memories, and continued staring at the sunset, before Kaijin called him over.
"Thank you for showing all that to Shizu-sensei, Rimuru." - Hinata
"You're welcome. She needed it, after all."
"I'm glad she managed to see all of that." - Nanahoshi
"She looks so happy..." - Emilia
Everyone else looked happy about Shizu as well, which soothed my soul.
The next day is when disaster struck.
A sense of foreboding washed over everyone while I grit my teeth silently at what was coming next.
It was an easy fight, but the consequences were anything but easy.
The village was continuing to progress steadily, building more houses for the goblins, when they
heard a bloodcurdling scream from Shizu's tent.
Before they can approach her, they saw the tent burst into flames, before revealing the girl, whose
mask were nearly broken. The mask was then removed and Shizu began to transform. All of a
sudden, a massive, towering figure wreathed in flames appeared right in front of them.
Elen gasped in shock, exclaiming that this was the Great Fire Spirit Ifrit, and that Shizu was
actually the champion, Conqueror of Flames, Shizue Izawa. Rimuru immediately ordered the
goblins to retreat, while he, Ranga, and the three adventurers deal with Ifrit.
"Another fight." - Fran
Unlike earlier, the girl simply whispered it instead of shouting. While she sounded excited at the prospect
of a fight, I am glad that she was sensitive enough to not be too excited especially when Shizu was
suffering.
The rest of the battle junkies earlier also looked excited, but they, like Fran, were silent about it.
The battle was intense. Ifrit summoned salamanders to fight them, and they all made a concerted
effort to kill them using Elen's magic. After that, Rimuru faced Ifrit, swearing to defeat him.
"That was a brilliant move, swallowing the ice lance then using it for yourself." - Lugh

"Also smart to use steam explosions. Maybe I should also take advantage of that when I can as well..." Rudeus
The battle began anew. Rimuru and Ifrit fought fiercely, with the slime sending ice attacks that he
swallowed from Elen earlier to fight the Fire Spirit, trying to get close. Unfortunately, he fell into a
trap and was surrounded by a pillar of flame, threatening to burn him.
"Oh no!"
Many in the audience showed concern for my safety, which I was definitely touched by. I remembered
how embarrassed I was in this fight though.
Rimuru will be safe. He has that Thermal Fluctuation Resistance, which will probably prevent him from
being burned to death. - Ainz
At first, he resigned to death, but was suddenly confused when he didn't feel anything. It was
"Great Sage" who gave him the answer.
"How is he still alive?" - Sylphiette
"Probably his Thermal Fluctuation Resistance." - Rudeus
Answer. The effects of "Thermal Fluctuation Resistance" have successfully canceled flame-based
attacks automatically.
"See?" - Rudeus
Everyone else sighed in relief at my survival, while the battle junkies were probably grumbling at the
easy fight.
Rimuru completely forgot that he had it, and sweatdropped at being so forgetful. With this, he
finished the fight and used "Predator" on the spirit, Ifrit, leaving Shizu behind.
"I'm glad all of that is over..." - Miharu
"I hope Miss Shizu is safe..." - Dia
A week after the battle, Rimuru visited Shizu as she lay on her bed. He knew that she wasn't long
for this world, and so wanted to help her in her final moments.
Everyone's eyes widened as she revealed this information, and some of them started tearing up. I even
spotted Hinata tearing up as well, though I didn't point it out, lest she actually tries killing me.
"No!"
"Shizu-san!"
"She's..."
Many of the protagonists looked somber at this revelation, especially Subaru. Though I'm not really so
experienced in such things, the look on his eyes showed familiarity and pain. The guy had definitely seen
loved ones die before, and he was being reminded of those sad memories.
When he visited, Shizu was awake, melancholy awash on her face. She noticed Rimuru, and
greeted him. After a moment of silence, she asked what his name is.

At first, he introduced himself as Rimuru, but Shizu denied it and asked for his name in his
previous life. He said it to her, Satoru Mikami. She smiled and asked something of Rimuru. She
wanted him to consume her.
"So that's why you look like her!" - Subaru
Everyone else also began to realize why my appearance was identical to Shizu.
"Destined one, huh? That was more literal than I expected." - Echidna
"They will definitely be together forever." - Souma
"You consumed the curse...that was placed on me, did you not...? I'm so glad to be rid of it..." Her
voice grew quiet. "I wish I had the chance—I doubt I could've ever done it, but I wish I could've had
the chance to confront the person who placed it on me, one more time... So I have just one request for
you—would you let me sleep inside you?"
I know this is a serious moment, but my dirty mind just can't help but feel that what she said was just
wrong. - Rudeus
"Were you thinking of something weird, Rudy?" - Sylphie
"N-No, I wasn't thinking of anything!" - Rudeus
I saw Leon's face contort ever so slightly. It turned out that the guy also had complicated feelings for
Shizu as well. I had always pegged him to be an unfeeling bastard until very recently.
Hinata also looked similar, having conflicting feelings about the situation as well. The first time we met,
she attacked me partly to avenge Shizu for killing her. While I didn't deny it, seeing what actually
happened between us definitely made her embarrassed for coming to such a wild conclusion on her own.
Her voice was filled with resolve. She described how much grief Ifrit caused her and how much
lives she's unintentionally taken because he went out of control. The mask that she had was the
only thing stopping him, but it cracked, which led to the incident.
"I have to tell you—I have nothing but spite for this world. But I couldn't bring myself to hate it, still.
It's the same as how I feel toward that man...Perhaps I can't help but think of him when I look around
me. That's why I...I don't want to be taken into the earth here. So please... I was hoping you could eat
me instead..."
Please stop, you dirty mind! - Rudeus
"Shizu-sensei..." - Hinata
To think I'll manage to relate to a person so deeply, huh? From one person who hates the other world to
another, may you rest in peace, Shizue Izawa. - Nanahoshi
I see. She had Rimuru consume her so that she wouldn't be buried on the world she hates so much, but by
someone she liked instead. - Lugh
Rimuru, knowing that he would be inheriting her despair and hatred, but resolving himself to do it,
agreed to Shizu's request with no hesitation.
The slime then asked about the man who hurt her. Shizu said his name.
Leon Cromwell.

Immediately, everyone turned to the demon lord with shock and, with some, anger in their eyes.
"I've already promised to settle things with him, so don't worry, guys."
They all turned away from him, but their emotions towards Leon had not been abated at all.
Rimuru promised to give Leon a piece of his mind when he meets him, and Shizu expressed her
gratitude. She also told him to express her thanks to the last adventurer group that she traveled
with.
Use unique skill "Predator"?
Yes
No
—Here's hoping you'll find some peace inside me, then. Yes, I thought to myself, in a sort of prayer to
her—a hope that her dreams inside would remain happy forever. With no more rude awakenings.
"Thank you, Rimuru. Truly. You let Shizu-sensei rest in peace, after all." - Hinata
"It's what she wanted, and I also wanted to grant it for her."
After eating Shizu, Rimuru gained a few gifts, that is her unique skill, "Degenerate" and the extra
skill "Control Flame". However, there was an even more important gift she's given him.
He transformed once more. This time, he transformed into a human being, and when he did, he
transformed into a copy of a younger version of Shizu, with blue hair and golden eyes.
"And that's how Rimuru got his human form..." - Souma
The rest of the theater also nodded in understanding at the revelation.
Rigurd, Ranga, and the adventurer trio entered the tent, concerned for both Rimuru and Shizu,
only to see Rimuru in his human form, with tears flowing from his eyes as she looks back at them.
He then explained everything to them and told them all about what Shizu said about them. They all
cried and thanked Rimuru in Shizu's place. The dwarves gave these three gifts in form of weapons
and armor to keep them safe, then they thanked Rimuru for everything he did, and departed.
"Thank you for helping keep Elen-chan safe, Demon Lord Rimuru." - Erald
"Of course I will! She is a friend, after all."
Rimuru then went back to the village, Shizu's will weighing heavily on his mind.
And so, Satoru Mikami, an average middle-aged man living a perfectly unexceptional life, came to
enjoy his unexpected reincarnation as a slime. After acquiring the form and the emotions of a certain
woman, he also gained a mission in his new life. And before long, this single slime named Rimuru
would play a central role in some of the most tumultuous times this world had ever seen.

"That was great!" Milim said as the viewing finished.
"You had quite the colorful start, Rimuru Tempest." a small white-haired girl accompanying Touya said.
"The fights were anti-climactic, though." Fran said.

"Come on, Fran, stop pouting." Teacher said.
"And those are the beginnings of Rimuru's story in his world! Next, Natsuki Subaru!"
Subaru flinched at this.
"Well, this is not going to be fun." he said.

Chapter End Notes

THIS TOOK SOOOOO LONG!
Well, that's what I get for trying to cover all of Tensura Volume 1 in one chapter!
To be fair, I didn't cover all of it, given that I skipped through Shizu's backstory. Let me know if you
want it covered in a separate chapter or not!
Still, this is a gargantuan amount of effort, I sure hope the next one isn't going to be lo(glances at the next chapter, and sees that it's Re:Zero and I may have to cover all of Arc 1 in 1
chapter)
...Hehe, I'm in danger!
Anyway, I hope you all enjoyed this chapter! I'm sorry for taking so long, I had my finals week last
week, so I was incredibly busy. What did you all think about the chapter? What did you think of my
format for the reacted part?
As for the codenames:
Slime: That Time I Got Reincarnated As A Slime
Return: Re: Starting In A Different World From Zero
Quagmire: Mushoku Tensei
Overlord: Overlord
Smartphone: In Another World With My Smartphone
Realist: How A Realist Hero Rebuilt The Kingdom
Sword: Reincarnated As A Sword
Spirit: Seirei Gensouki
Assassin: The World's Finest Assassin Gets Reincarnated In Another World As An Aristocrat

Chapter 4: Beginnings Chapter 2: Tormented Hero
Chapter Summary

The next beginning we're going to watch is that of Natsuki Subaru! Watch as he experiences his first
day in Lugunica four times!
Everyone already knows that his adventures are going to suck.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Subaru's POV
"Subaru...?"
Emilia showed her concern as I gave my remark towards my own adventure being shown.
"It's too late to show your embarrassment now, you know?" Rimuru said.
"Hahahaha, it's not embarrassment at all that's the problem!" I said, much to confusion of everyone.
"Hey, Everlasting, are we going to go to sleep or eat any meals in this theater!"
"Of course!" the Everlasting replied. "While some of you may not need any form of sustenance nor sleep,
most of you do, so there will be meals provided here, since you'll be here for a long time!"
The rest of the theater nodded.
"Can you make sure that when we watch my adventures, we won't watch it just before or after we eat as
well just before sleeping? I don't want some of these guys to lose their appetite, their lunch, or their sleep,
after all!"
"Okay, that's just ominous, man!" Rimuru said.
"I said what I said."
The rest of the people in my world felt concerned
about what I said, but before they can say anything, Echidna spoke first.
"I am quite curious, though, Natsuki Subaru." she said. "What does "Isekai" mean?"
I felt annoyed having to see this witch again, but I'll have to bear with it, given we're staying here for a
long time.
"Isekai means another world." I answered. "It generally refers to a genre of stories where a person gets
transported to a strange new world unfamiliar to them. All of the "protagonists" in this theater, I suspect,
has been transported from one world to another, or in Rimuru's case, reincarnated."
"So you're from beyond the great waterfall, Subaru?" Julius asked.

"Yes." I said, shocking everyone in my world.
"That's amazing..." Rem whispered in awe.
"No wonder Barusu says bizarre things everytime." Ram said.
Some worlds in the theater also felt immense surprise as well, while looking towards their fellow
protagonists.
=In the "Quagmire" World=
Rudeus's POV
"So you're from another world too, Rudy..." Sylphie said. "I thought you didn't come from the same
homeland as Nanahoshi did?"
"We're sorry for lying like that, Sylphie..." I said.
"But I gave birth to you?" Mom said.
"I got reincarnated like Rimuru-san did." I explained simply.
"So... you died?" Mom looked sad at the implication, but I simply reassured her.
"It's fine, Mom. It didn't hurt at all." I said, making her smile once more.
I really missed my Mom smiling...
=In the "Overlord" World=
Ainz's POV
"So you are from another world, Ainz-sama." Demiurge said.
"Yes. The emergency I spoke to you about was Nazarick being transported to another world." I explained.
"No wonder Helheim disappeared, then." Sebas remarked.
The other guardians nodded with him, while I became really nervous about how they would react when
they realized I was formerly human.
=In the "Sword" World=
Teacher's POV
"So were you once human, Teacher?" Amanda asked me.
"Yeah." I said.
"A human soul was put into a sword? How is that possible...?" A white haired girl from our world asked.
"I wonder how the two of them met!" A lion beastwoman from our world said.
"I believe we will be seeing it later."
=In the "Spirit" World=

Rio's POV
"Wait, so you were transported just like us?!" Hiroaki asked me.
"I was reincarnated. I died from a bus accident." I answered.
"So your name Haruto is..." Takahisa said.
"My name in my past life."
I noticed Miharu looking melancholic about the name, which made me nervous.
Does she know...?
=In the "Assassin" World=
Lugh's POV
"So you're from another world, Lugh?" Dia asked.
"Yes. I was reincarnated just like Rimuru Tempest is." I nodded.
"I wonder what you were like in your past life, Lord Lugh!" Tarte asked me.
"You'll see."
Subaru's POV
"Now, is there anyone who wants to discuss about the previous viewing?" The Everlasting asked as the
revelations about where we came from set in to the rest.
"There's not much to really discuss, is there? Rimuru's story was surprisingly straightforward." Demon
Lord Luminous said.
"I am quite curious regarding this "Great Sage" of yours, Demon Lord Rimuru." Echidnas suddenly
spoke up. "Is there any limit to its capabilities?"
"There was. I can't really analyze anyone stronger than me." he answered.
"Was? Do you not have it anymore?" Ainz was the one who asked this time.
"Let's just say I don't have it anymore." Rimuru said.
"I see. What a pity." Echidna sounded genuinely sad, but knowing who this woman actually was, I was
very certain that she was lying.
"In any case, there really isn't much to talk about with Demon Lord Rimuru's initial adventures, is there?"
Empress Elmesia remarked.
"We can all make fun of how carefree Rimuru is." Hinata suggested.
"Shut up, Hinata." Rimuru said.
"You know, what you saw on the screen wasn't even the worst part..." Veldora said.
"Ugh..." Rimuru groaned at probably remembering some of his more embarrassing actions.

"Since you guys are not going to discuss anything, why don't you guys introduce yourselves?" the
Everlasting said to the people in our world. "Oh, but before that, let me summon one more person here."
They then snapped their fingers, and one more person appeared, a knight-looking fellow with only one
arm.
"Al!" I exclaimed, while the guy looked confused.
"Uh, hello, pal. Why the hell are we in a movie theater?"
Before he can say anything more, the Everlasting snapped their fingers, causing Al to be stunned for a
moment before nodding.
"This is weird." he said.
"I showed him everything that has happened so far in an instant." they said.
"You can do that?! Then what's the point of these viewings then?" Souma asked.
"This god said he's doing it for his own entertainment. How can he be entertained if he shows everything
in an instant?" Rimuru answered.
"That's true..." Souma said.
"I know, Al, but we must deal with it for now." I said, causing him to nod and take his seat beside
Anastasia's mercenaries.
"Okay then, start the introductions!" the Everlasting said. Emilia decided to start first.
"It's a pleasure to meet you, everyone. I am Emilia, one of the royal candidates for the throne of
Lugunica."
Ah, Emilia-tan is always so adorable when she speaks!
"Royal candidates?" Rimuru asked.
"Due to an unfortunate, incident, the royal family of Lugunica, the country we came from, were all wiped
out. Because of this, the Divine Dragon Volcanica decided to choose five candidates for the throne of
Lugunica. Emilia-sama is one of them." Julius explained to everyone.
"Oh speaking of the royal candidates, why is Princess not here?" Al asked, referring to Priscilla.
"Oh her? Look, there's a bunch of trigger-happy people here who's more than happy to kill her when she
says anything disrespectful towards them or their master." the Everlasting explained. "Considering her
personality, she'll definitely try to disrespect anyone here. I'm all for chaos, but I can't keep protecting her
from being killed. Besides, she probably wouldn't be too interested in her future, given her wholehearted
belief that "the world turns in her favor"."
"Wait, what? Does she actually believe that?" Touya asked.
"Yep, that sounds like Princess." Al agreed.
"Oof, that ego is going to rub a lot of people here the wrong way." Rimuru winced, while glancing at Guy
Crimson and Diablo.

"Besides, her being here would spoil my entertainment, so no, she won't be here." the Everlasting added
with a sense of finality, leading to Al reluctantly nodding his head. "Next, then!"
"I am Roswaal L. Mathers, Lugunica's court maaaaaagician and the spooooonsor to Emilia-sama."
"Sponsor, huh? Emilia-san is not originally a noble, then?" Souma asked.
"Noooo. I found her in Elior Forest, and after discovering that she was chooooosen by the dragon, we had
a deal, and now I'm her sponsoooor to the throne of Lugunica." he answered.
Everyone nodded at his answer.
"I am Ram, loyal maid to Roswaal-sama."
"My name is Rem, maid to Roswaal-sama."
Ah, I really missed hearing that voice.
"I'm Frederica Baumann, the head maid of Margrave Roswaal."
"I'm Petra Leyte, trainee maid to Lord Roswaal!"
"Aw, what a cute girl!" one of the blonde girls besides Touya said, the one who had different-colored
eyes.
"She is!"
"I am Beatrice, Great Spirit of Yin and contracted spirit to Subaru, in fact."
"So she's like Ai-chan..." the black-haired girl besides Rio whispered, with Rio nodding with her.
"I'm Garfiel Tinsel! My amazin' self is the Shield of the Sanctuary!"
"My name is Otto Suwen, the internal affairs minister of the Emilia camp."
"You know, why do I have the strangest feeling that this guy is the sanest person in their group?" I heard
Rimuru comment.
"I do have that feeling as well." Rudeus chimed in.
Yeah, I agree with them. Otto is definitely the sanest. I kinda feel bad for him sometimes.
"I'm Meili Portroute! Wait, how should I introduce myself, onii-san?" she asked me.
"There are witches here, you can just introduce yourself as normal." I said.
"Okay, I'm Meili Portroute, and I'm a mabeast assassin!"
"And why do you have an assassin in your camp, Subaru?" Julius asked.
"It's a long story!"
Everyone outside of our camp looked at me dubiously, but just kept quiet, knowing that they'll get their
answers in the theater.
"I presume that's everyone from the Emilia camp. Then I shall be next. I am Duchess Crusch Karsten,
and I am also one of the royal candidates."

Everyone was quietly impressed by Crusch and his dignified behavior, which was to be expected. I also
saw Felix looking at the Duchess with nostalgia, probably missing her just as much as I missed Rem.
"I'm Felix Argyle, and I am Crusch-sama's knyight!"
"My apologies, but I want to ask. Are you a boy or a girl?" the white-haired girl sitting near Rio asked.
"I'm a boy!" Felix said, causing some of the protagonists to sigh heavily.
"It is a pleasure to meet you everyone. I am Wilhelm van Astrea, a butler for Crusch-sama."
As he said this, I saw him make eye contact with this old scary dude who also looked like a butler sitting
near Ainz. They nodded at each other silently, as if a kinship was born between them.
"I'm Anastasia Hoshin, one of the royal candidates and leader of the Hoshin Company!"
"Ohhh, a merchant!" a girl near Souma, who also had a Kansai accent, remarked quietly. "We'll get along
very well..."
"My name is Julius Juukulius. I am a spirit knight in service of Lugunica and Anastasia-sama."
"Well, that guy's definitely an ikemen." Rudeus whispered.
"I'm Ricardo, leader of the Iron Fang and a subordinate to Anastasia-sama!"
"My name is Mimi, and these are my brothers Tivey and Hetaro! We're members of Iron Fang!"
"I am Felt, a royal candidate!"
"My name is Reinhard van Astrea, a swordsman of the Astrea family."
"Never mind, this guy's the ikemen." Rudeus said, referring to what he said about Julius earlier.
Yeah, Rein's definitely the true embodiment of an ikemen.
"I'm Aldebaran, a follower of Priscilla Barielle, the royal candidate who isn't here. Please just call me Al
instead. Also, like pal over there, I'm also an otherworlder."
"Interesting, another otherworlder that isn't a "protagonist", huh?" Hinata remarked.
"It's nice to meet someone like that." the black-haired girl who looks suspiciously Japanese in the
Quagmire world said.
As Al finished his introduction, everyone suddenly felt silent as it became the witches' turn to introduce
themselves. The tension suddenly rose up, especially in the presence of the infamous Witch of Envy.
When I see her behavior, though...
Is it perhaps Satella?
"I guess I should begin then. I am Echidna, the Witch of Greed."
I could see both Roswaal and Beatrice look at her wistfully, while Ram stared at her with disdain.
"Witch?" Rimuru asked.
"In our world, it's a title given to individuals who possesses a Witch Factor, which gives them
Authorities. These gives them extraordinary abilities that are the antithesis of Od Laguna, the heart of our

world." Julius explained.
Everyone once again nodded at the explanation, while the people of my world still looked apprehensive
at the witches.
"I'm Typhon, the Witch of Pride!"
"Daphne, the Witch of Gluttony..."
"I am Minerva, Witch of Wrath!"
It was subtle, really subtle, but I somehow noticed Emilia looking fondly at Minerva somehow. I didn't
know why, but she was. Maybe these two had history together that I didn't know.
"Sekhmet... Witch of Sloth."
"I'm Carmilla, the Witch of Lust..."
They all then looked at the veiled figure of Satella, and the tension continued to rise even though she was
just sitting there... menacingly.
"I'm Satella."
While everyone else were still either angry or scared at her, I simply breathed a sigh of relief, something
that my friends noticed.
"Why do you sound so relieved, Natsuki-san?! That's the Witch of Envy!" Otto told me in shock.
I was about to tell them why I was so relieved, but before I was able to do so, I felt heavy. Really heavy.
It was as if there was a planet bearing down on my shoulders. I couldn't breathe properly, let alone speak.
I struggled to look up and saw the Everlasting staring at me with my own evil-looking eyes.
"I can't... say it... huh?"
"No spoilers, Natsuki Subaru." they said. With that, the pressure was released, and I managed to breathe
normally again.
"I guess you'll find out later in the viewings..." I said, still recovering from the godly pressure I felt
earlier.
While still baffled, the others simply nodded along and stopped asking for now, still looking terrified of
the Witches, something that I can definitely understand.
"Since everyone is finished with their introductions, it's time to begin our viewing of Natsuki Subaru's
first day in Lugunica!"
Natsuki Subaru had just walked out of the convenience store, tired and lethargic after shopping for
food. He walked the empty streets of his neighborhood at night, aiming to go home and rest after a
long day. It was a peaceful night, devoid of any trouble, and it was going to be a turning point in his
life.
"Ah, I really missed that place."
"So that's Subaru's world..." - Emilia

"Hey, Natsuki-kun, what is that establishment you just came out of?" - Anastasia
"It's called a convenience store. It's a store that sells food and supplies for a low price. You can buy cheap
supplies there if you can't reach the proper marketplace."
"I see, maybe we should implement something like that in our world, too..." - Anastasia
"A tracksuit, he's buying some instant ramen... plus he's up in the middle of the night... I see. You're a
shut-in, aren't you?" - Rudeus
"I guess I was..."
"It's nice to meet a fellow comrade!" - Rudeus
"Why do you sound so proud of that?" - Nanahoshi
As he rubbed his eyes and blinked, he saw his surroundings change in an instant. Instead of the
quiet suburban street at night, he was now in a bustling street in the daytime filled with noise and
people, walking around doing their business. Not only that, but there was also a plethora of bizarre
creatures as well as fantastical demi-humans walking around without anyone even taking a glance
at them. Met with this sight, Subaru can only come up with one conclusion.
He had been transported into another world.
"That was quick!" - Rimuru
"You got transported just like that, huh?" - Souma
"You probably had the easiest time transporting into the other world unlike the rest of us." - Rudeus
Small comfort, given the amount of horrors I'll suffer in the world instead.
I instinctively touched my abdomen, remembering all the times Elsa had gutted me before. Knowing
exactly what was going to happen in my first day, I started remembering the unpleasant memories there,
and I hated it. Fortunately, no one else noticed what I did.
The boy was thrilled at this revelation and shouted in joy about him finally getting his moment,
becoming a chosen hero with a heroine by his side, defeating the evils of the world.
"Please shut the fuck up, my past self."
I groaned at the reminder of my flawed attitude, while everyone else stared at me with exasperation.
"That is not a good attitude to have after being transported into another world." - Rimuru
"Yep, not at all. You're going to get yourself killed with a mindset like that." - Rudeus
I almost burst out laughing at what Rudeus said but stopped myself. I am sure he was just worried about
me, but the irony of what he said honestly made me want to laugh more than it should have.
He then decided to walk around the streets, stopping by at certain stalls like an appa stand that he
was certain sells apples, and taking stock of his surroundings.
"That is a good idea, especially considering you got transported out of nowhere for no apparent reason." Lugh

"Honestly, I still didn't know why I was transported like that at this point."
I know it was Satella who gave me this ability, but I'm still doubtful that it was her who transported me
here. Anyway, here it comes.
Eventually, he ended up being cornered by a bunch of thugs looking to mug him, and at first, he
tried to fight them, declaring them to be mere fodder, but he ended up becoming outmatched by
them and beaten up by them. While this was happening, a blonde girl passed by them at incredible
speeds, holding something.
"Wait, this isn't right." - Reinhard
I tensed up, knowing that my secret was about to be unravelled slowly now.
"What do you mean, Reinhard?" - Julius
"Subaru didn't fight them. He called for help, and I appeared to drive off these thieves. He also wasn't
injured when I saw him, so he definitely didn't fight them." - Reinhard
"Also, I don't remember big bro when I was passing by that area!" - Felt
"But the Everlasting wouldn't be showing anything inaccurate, right?" - Anastasia
"No, everything he showed with my adventures were accurate, so why not this one?" - Rimuru
"Just so you all know, everything I will show you is accurate. This all actually happened." - Everlasting
"Then how is it possible that Reinhard-kyun remembers events differently? Do you know something
about this, Subaru-kyun?" - Felix
"I do, but I can't exactly say it with the spoiler restriction. Just continue watching."
Fortunately, Subaru was saved by a silver-haired girl with amethyst eyes as well as pointed ears
from being beaten to death by the thugs. Subaru instantly falls for her beauty and thanks her,
while falling unconscious from his injuries. They then debated on whether they should help him or
not.
"I... don't remember this! What's going on?" - Emilia
"You'll know soon, Emilia-tan. Just continue watching."
The confusion with the people in my world grew, but they just continued watching.
"...So, what should we do?"
"He has...nothing to do with us. That's not enough to kill him. We're going to leave him."
"Heh, Emilia-tan was trying way too hard to act selfish. That is the one thing she is not capable of doing
at all!"
Emilia, despite her confusion, blushed at my insinuation.
In the far reaches of his consciousness as it left him, Subaru could hear just a little of the pair's
conversation.

That's an otherworldly fantasy for you. Everyone has quite the severe view on the concept of
empathy.
Am I just going to be abandoned here in this alley? was the negative take.
Well, I suppose I was going to die, and now I'm not, so I should be super grateful , was a more
positive thought.
With those two views in mind, Subaru's consciousness drifted further and further ... further and
further away...
"Are you sure?"
"I'm sure!"
Right before the thread of Subaru's consciousness was cut for good, he was able to see that silverhaired girl, red in the face, turn around and shout. "There's no way! No way that I'm going to save
him, okay?! Okay?!"
"See, trying really hard. It was super adorable!"
"Only a pervert like you would find such a thing adorable, Barusu." - Ram
"Because Emilia-tan is always adorable!"
Emilia blushed at what I said, making her even cuter than before.
—Man, even when she's angry she's really cute. Go otherworldly fantasies .
With that last thought, really this time, once and for all, Subaru's consciousness fell into darkness.
Eventually, Subaru woke up once more, in the lap of what he believed to be the girl who saved him.
After marveling at being given a lap pillow, he was suddenly wondering why the girl's lap was so
hairy, but then he realized the answer immediately. It wasn't the girl at all, it was the girl's catlooking spirit.
"Pfftt...." - Rimuru
"E-Eh?! Puck did that to you?!" - Emilia
"Yeah."
"Wow... Beautiful girls are a lot hairier than I imagin —Hey, wait a minute !" sputtered Subaru as
he faced up, this time with his vision fully recovered , and took in what was happening. Right in front
of Subaru, in his upside-down vision, was the face of a giant cat.
"I thought that at least until you woke up, I'd make you feel comfortable . You can thank me later."
"First of all, I'd like you to stop with that terrible falsetto voice. There's no way I'd mistake a cat for
the heroine." Subaru had certainly never been in a situation before where he got to use a human-size
cat's lap for a pillow and, well, it wasn't like you get to experience this every day, so he decided to
make the best of it.
"Wow, this is actually really comfortable. Like, this is amazing. Now I understand why people want to
love their cats 'til they go bald."

"Well, if you're going to be this happy about it, I guess it was really worth super-sizing ... Don't you
think so, too?"
"You know, I'm just sad that Puck was the first person to give me a lap pillow instead of Emilia-tan..."
What is going on, really? This did not happen! I would have remembered it clearly! Especially such a
funny scene like this. This is so discombobulating. - Emilia
It was then that Subaru saw the silver-haired girl again, surrounded by bright lights looking
beautiful by Subaru's perspective. Those bright lights were actually lesser spirits, and she was
summoning them to help search for her insignia. He was then informed of the girl's situation, she
had her insignia stolen and she is now searching for it, but stumbled upon Subaru and decided to
save him, thinking that he had an idea on where her insignia was. He didn't know, which promptly
made her want to leave to go search for it.
"It really was so beautiful..."
I could see Emilia blushing again at my compliment.
Subaru, feeling bad for taking up the girl's time, decided to help her search for her insignia since
he felt bad about taking up her time nursing him. She insisted that she didn't do it out of the
goodness of her heart, but because she had something to get out of it. It was obvious to Subaru that
she was lying, though, but decided to play along and said that he wasn't helping her out of the
goodness of his heart, too, but simply because he wanted to do "one good deed a day". And so,
both of them went to search for the insignia.
"You two tried really hard to make it look like you're doing all of this for selfish reasons, huh?" - Souma
"Why would you do that anyway? Why avoid saying that you wanted to do good things?" - Dia
"I'm pretty sure Roswaal taught Emilia to be more selfish, given how harsh and cruel that world could
be."
I have a bad feeling about how Subaru said that. - Rimuru
They then proceeded to introduce themselves.
"My name is Natsuki Subaru, clueless and broke beyond compare! Nice to meet you!"
"So that's just how you introduce yourself to everyone?" - Teacher
"Yeah. It's a trademark Natsuki Subaru introduction!"
"Why do you sound so proud?" - Rimuru
"Well, that doesn't inspire a lot of confidence, does it? Anyway, I'm Puck . Nice to meet you, too."
The girl remarked that it was strange for Subaru to be casual with a spirit and asked him where he
came from. Subaru answered that he was from a small island nation to the east, but the girl said
that the kingdom they were on, Lugunica, was the most eastern kingdom in the world. The girl
concluded that Subaru was in a more precarious position than she was, having no money and no
idea where he was. Subaru then asked for her name.
"Were you telling the truth, Subaru?" - Emilia

"Yeah, my country of Japan was on the eastern side of our world. You know that's probably why I landed
in that part in Lugunica, huh?"
"I was just thinking... I know your cat's name now, but I don't think you ever told me your name, haha."
While Subaru thought that bringing this up now might have not been the best time, the girl's eyes
widened a bit in surprise. She then closed them, and after a few seconds of silence, said...
"...Satella."
"I still had no idea why Emilia-tan did that. I mean, I know the reason, but the fact that she did this was
unbelievable now that she said this. "
The shock from the people in my world was immense, with Emilia being the most shocked one of all.
Considering how much of a taboo Satella is, this was unthinkable for anyone to do.
There was one person who had something to say, however.
"Why would you put yourself in danger like that?" - Satella
Needless to say, everyone was absolutely surprised at not only her speaking, but her showing concern to
Emilia.
Rem was probably about to say something scathing to her, but Satella continued talking.
"You shouldn't do something that will put you in so much danger. You are suffering too much already
because of your resemblance to me." - Satella
Everyone else was just stunned at her attitude, finding it jarringly different from who they thought she
was.
"I really didn't think you would do something so foolish." - Echidna
"Why would you do something like that, Emilia-sama?!" - Otto
"Yeah, why would you do that, big sis?!" - Felt
This is so embarrassing! Why would I do something this stupid?! Even the Witch of Envy is reprimanding
me for it! Wait, but he asked for my name when we met! How could that have happened? - Emilia
"What is the big deal for her anyway?" - Fran
"Satella, the Witch of Envy, is a being of calamity who caused the Great Calamity 400 years ago in our
world, which destroyed half of our world. She is also the leader of the vile organization known as the
Witch's Cult, who had caused much despair and destruction in our world." - Rem
"I will claim responsibility for the Great Calamity, but please do not associate me with the Witch's Cult. I
am not responsible for its creation, nor do I lead it." - Satella
"Don't lie, you vile witch!" - Rem
"Why would I lie to the likes of you?" - Satella
Rem flinched at Satella's harsh words. Seeing an opportunity, Anastasia decided to ask a question.

"Then... who is the leader of the Witch's Cult?" - Anastasia
Her shivering was incredibly obvious. She probably mustered all of the courage she had to ask the
question.
"It's..." - Satella
Before she was able to answer, though, she fell silent and noticeably winced. Despite a veil covering her
face, she turned to the Everlasting and glared at them.
"No spoilers now!" - Everlasting
"I guess we'll just have to continue watching, then." - Anastasia
Despite her initial expectations, Subaru complimented her name, calling it beautiful, leading to
Puck telling him that he has bad taste.
"Thank you." - Satella
Don't you dare talk to him! - Rem
"Shouldn't the fact that Puck was disgusted by the name already tip you off that she was using a fake
name?" - Rudeus
"Hey, I didn't notice, okay? I'm pretty sure most of you guys would think she said her real name, too!"
"He's not wrong." - Rimuru
"I probably would have thought it was her actual name, too." - Touya
They then continued their search for the insignia, only being derailed when they both tried to assist
a little girl who was looking for her parents. Subaru managed to comfort the girl well, leading to a
moment where Subaru miserably fails to flirt with Satella. They then managed to find the girl's
father, who turns out to be the appa merchant that Subaru met earlier. As a boon for saving the
girl, they were given the directions to the Loot House, where the thief that stole Satella's insignia
came to. After thanking him, they went on their way.
Everyone giggled at my failed attempt to flirt with her, while some of the protagonists looked at me with
sympathy.
"Uhh, I never thought I would have everyone see these moments again..."
It took them a few hours to finally reach the slums, and it was nearing nighttime. They had also
reached Puck's time limit of until 5pm , meaning that only Subaru and Satella can deal with the
situation now. They then talked about how they plan to deal with the thief, eventually ending with
Subaru coming in first to scout the situation before Satella enters. And so, Subaru entered the loot
house.
"Wait, isn't- " - Felt
"Shush!" - Everlasting
She fell quiet, but both her and Reinhard, as well as Emilia, knew about Elsa, and was suddenly scared
about what is going to happen.
No, is the activation trigger for his ability...? - Roswaal

Subaru began to search the place, finding it strangely quiet and dark. He browsed through the
place, going deeper into it and seeing many stolen items. Eventually, he tried to venture into the
cellar.
"Okay! Everyone here who are easily disturbed, prepare yourselves."
At my unusually serious tone, everyone tensed up.
Subaru... - Beatrice
"Something bad is going to happen." - Rio
"Yeah, my instincts are telling me something horrible is going to happen as well." - Lugh
Subaru ventured farther into the cellar, looking for Satella's badge. But just then...
"Hmm?" Subaru suddenly stopped, feeling something strange under the soles of his shoes . It didn't
feel like he had stepped on something hard; it was actually the opposite . Like the ground he had
stepped on was clinging to him; like there was something sticky on his shoes.
No, it can't be...! - Felt
He raised his foot and touched the bottom of his sneakers. He felt some sort of fluid, something
strangely sticky that clung to his fingers, stretching as he pulled them away. It was something that
instinctually made him feel uneasy .
"What is this...?" Subaru brought his fingers close to his nose and tried to smell it, but because of the
stagnant air inside the building mixing with it, he couldn't quite pin it down.
"It's blood." - Lugh
"What is happening?!" - Rudeus
Unsurprisingly, he didn't have the courage to try tasting it. After wiping the rest of the substance on
the nearest wall, Subaru, urged on by a feeling of unpleasant dread, put the lagmite out in front of
him and started forward. Then, he found the source of the slime.
"... Wha ?" Subaru unconsciously let out a foolish sound as he looked on.
In the small visible range of his light, what he first saw lying limp on the ground was an arm . Its
hand's fingers were reaching out as if to grab something, but the other end of the arm, at the elbow,
was missing the body it should have been connected to. Moving his light and following along the axis
of the arm, Subaru saw a leg farther on ahead—a leg attached to a body. With the exception of one
arm , that body had all of its other parts, though the throat area was cut wide open . It was the corpse
of a large old man.
"Old Man Rom!" - Felt
As I expected, this will definitely upset her. Everyone was also shocked.
"How could this be? He's alive! He was at the Royal Selection!" - Julius
"Thats right! He's not dead!" - Felt
Tears were forming in her eyes, the sight of the only family she has left being dead leaving+ her
despairing.

Subaru felt shock at seeing the dead man, and he started backing away. Unfortunately, it was too
late.
"...Well, you found it. That's just too bad. Now I have no choice, yes, no choice at all."
"The bitch in black!" - Garfiel
"The Bowel Hunter!" - Julius
"No! Subaru-kun! Run away from there!" - Rem
"Please, run away, please!" - Emilia
"W-Who is that?" - Yumina
"Elsa Granhiert. She's an infamous assassin known as the "Bowel Hunter" due to her tendency to
disembowel her victims." - Julius
As he said that, many in the theater began to panic.
"N-No!" - Sylphie
"Run, Subaru-san!" - Satsuki
They don't remember these events besides Subaru, and he is face to face with a deadly assassin without
any ability of his own. Based on these clues, I already have a conclusion as to what is happening here. Ainz
Raphael-sensei, am I right in assuming that...? - Rimuru
<Answer. Indeed, it is possible that the individual "Natsuki Subaru" has the ability to turn back time
when he dies.>
Just like in video games, huh? However, in real life, this ability is going to be terrible to have. - Rimuru
Before he could even react, Subaru was thrown to the side of the loot house with great force,
causing him immense pain. As he began to recover, a sensation overwhelmed his senses.
A heat assaulted Subaru Natsuki and completely overwhelmed him.
—This is really, really not good.
"NO!" - Emilia, Rem, Beatrice
"Damn it, captain!" - Garfiel
Feeling the hard texture of the ground against his face, he realized that he had fallen face down on
the ground. He couldn't move, even when he tried, and he already couldn't feel his fingers. What he
did feel was heat, and it overwhelmed his entire body.
He coughed and vomited the blood he felt rising in his throat—the source of his waning life. So much
came out that it frothed at the edges of his mouth. With his hazy vision, he could see the ground in
front of him stained red.
"He's..." - Roxy

"No way..." - Mea
"This is bad!" - Souma
"I'm still there... I can still heal him..." - Emilia
—You've...got to be kidding me... All of this is mine?
Feeling as though all of the blood in his body had spilled out of him, he reached a shaking hand to try
to find the source of the heat that was burning through his body.
As his fingertips reached the large cut in his stomach, he understood. No wonder it felt so hot. His
brain must have been mistaking pain for heat . The clean cut that ran through his torso was so deep it
had almost cut him in half. Only bits of skin were still holding him together. In other words, he had
run right into a checkmate in the chess game of his life .
Everyone in my world was either crying now or showing anger. I also didn't like remembering these
scenes, especially since I'm going to see Emilia die again.
Damn it! I'm going to see her die again!
As soon as he realized that, his consciousness immediately began to fall away from him. Now, even
the heat that had been ravaging him disappeared, and the unpleasant feeling of touching his own
blood and organs vanished as his consciousness continued to fade. The only thing left behind was his
body, which refused to follow his soul.
Right before his eyes, he saw a black boot step down and make ripples in the red carpet of his fresh
blood. Someone was there, and that someone...was probably the one who killed him. But he didn't
even think to look that person in the face. It didn't matter anymore .
—The only thing he did wish for was that she, at least, she would be safe.
"No... Emilia wouldn't be safe... Damn it! She's... going to..."
My voice startled everyone, and the tension in the theater grew even more.
"— baru ?" He felt as if he heard a voice that rang like bells. That he heard that voice, that he could
hear that voice, felt like salvation to him more than anything else , so...
—"!" With a short scream, someone else fell upon the carpet of blood. She fell right beside him. There
he was, weakly attempting to reach her. Her white hand fell, powerless. He lightly grasped it in his
own bloodstained grip. He felt the fingers of her hand move slightly to grasp his own.
"No! I don't want to see this again...! I don't want to see Emilia-tan die again...!"
I began to cry as I saw this again. The pain of my death didn't matter at all at that moment. Seeing
Emilia's corpse was the only thing that did. I began shivering, both in fear and in anger. Despite the pain I
felt, this just hardened my resolve again.
"Just you wait..."
"Just you wait..."
He seized his fading consciousness, pulling it desperately back around to buy a bit more time.
"I'm going to..."

"I'm going to..."
—find a way to save you.
"... make sure that you'll never die again!"
I bellowed, startling everyone from their grief and anger.
In the next instant, he—Subaru Natsuki—lost his life.
"Subaru!" - Emilia
"Subaru-kun!" - Rem
"Subaru!" - Beatrice
All three of them brought me into a crushing hug after I made my declaration. Meanwhile, everyone else
was just stunned.
"H-He died..." - Crusch
"Natsuki-san...!" - Otto
"How could this..." - Felix
"Subaru..." - Reinhard
You had it rough too, huh, pal? - Al
Your ability... has such a hideous activation?! W-What have I done to you, Natsuki Subaru...? - Roswaal
"But he's right there! How could he have died?!" - Touya
"I knew it... Your ability... is truly terrible." - Ainz
"Why the hell is that your ability?! Why couldn't it be something less horrible?!" - Rimuru
I didn't think his desire for him to be transported in a video game will be granted in such a twisted way! Rudeus
"Subaru, do you have the ability to turn back time every time you die?" - Lugh
My breath hitched. Everyone else in my world looked at him in horror.
"Satella... the taboo isn't here, right?"
Everyone was shocked once more by the fact that I was talking to her so casually.
"You can say it." - Satella
I took a deep breath, and finally, said the words I was waiting to say for so long.
"I can... Return by Death!"
No purple hands. No hearts being crushed. The penalty is truly gone.
"I can... Return... by Death! Time rewinds when I die! It felt so... painful... I was so scared!"

I cried hard, not caring at all about everyone else in the theater. I felt the warm hands of both Emilia and
Beatrice patting and caressing my head, sobbing as well.
"Subaru's adventure... is going to suck." - Rudeus
"H-Hehe, you g-got that right."
Once I've calmed down, Lugh asked me again about the specifics of my ability.
"It's pretty simple, actually. When I die, I go back to a random point in time. It could be anywhere from a
few hours to a few days, but I don't have a choice as to when I go back. I call it Return by Death."
"Is there a limit to how much you can die?" - Lugh
"No, it's endless."
"It's a powerful ability, that's for sure, but in the hands of someone like Subaru, who is just a normal
human..." - Rimuru
"It's going to make him suffer." - Souma
"How... many times have you died, Subaru?" - Emilia
Should I answer this question?
Before I can answer, though, I noticed the Everlasting staring at me, which was more than enough to
discourage me.
"It seems I can't tell you, Emilia-tan."
With that, we continued watching.
The next thing Subaru knew, he was back at the appa stand in front of the appa merchant,
looking dazed and confused about the situation. Suddenly, he remembered about Satella, and about
her situation.
"Wait, you didn't figure it out right then and there about your ability?" - Rudeus
"I was terribly confused at the time. I didn't know what was going on at first."
"Given his circumstances, we can cut him some slack about that." - Rimuru
"Wait, since Emilia-sama hasn't corrected Subaru-kun on her fake name, that means..." - Rem
"He's going to get in trouble with Emilia-sama when they meet, especially if Subaru is careless enough to
refer to her in that name since Subaru is so ignorant." - Julius
"Why did my past self there have to tell that fake name to Subaru? Why couldn't she just correct him
from the beginning?!" - Emilia
It was the first time Emilia be so utterly hysterical about anything.
"To be completely honest, it was probably the fact that the two of us were ignorant. I was ignorant of
what the big deal was with Witch of Envy, while you were ignorant about how much the world is truly
afraid of the Witch of Envy. If you weren't so ignorant of that, you probably would have found it

suspicious that I didn't care about the Witch of Envy at all. So let's just chalk this up as this being both
our fault, yeah?"
Wanting to help her, he decided to go straight to the loot house in order to barter for the insignia.
Once he arrived there, he saw an old man there, who was named Rom , and Subaru then asked
about the insignia.
"Okay, so even at this point, where you saw this old man that was dead, suddenly be alive again, you still
didn't know you were returning by death?" - Rudeus
"As I said, I was so confused! It didn't even register to me at first that the old man that I saw and the
corpse I saw were the same people." - Subaru
"It was night when you last remembered, and the sun was high in the sky when you went back to your
save point. And then, there's also the fact that the appa merchant did not know you when he should have
remembered you as one of the people who saved his own child! It was so clear! I'm sorry for being so
insensitive, but this is frustrating to watch." - Rudeus
"Trust me, I'm just as frustrated as you are watching my stupidity on screen. No harm done."
Meanwhile, Reinhard's expression shifted into that of despair once more as he didn't remember this
timeline, meaning that I was going to die again.
Rom told him that the insignia is going to arrive there via a girl named Felt, and that he should
wait for her. When she did arrive, Subaru proposed to barter for the insignia with his flip phone,
which Rom judged as valuable. Subaru had also been informed of Felt's situation, that she's been
hired by a client to steal the insignia for a handsome amount of money, which she needs to get out
of the slums and live a better life. Knowing this, Subaru begins to barter.
"Shit! I don't remember this!" - Felt
"N-No!" - Rem
"S-Subaru's going to die again!" - Emilia
"Considering that Subaru didn't even know he was looping back in time at this point, we'll have to be
patient about this, even if we are going to see him die again." - Rudeus
All of the protagonists, well except for Teacher since he's a sword and Ainz because he's a skeleton, had a
look of disgust and bitterness in their faces.
"I hope that Subaru-san doesn't die too many times here..." - Lucia
Before the transaction is completed though, a woman entered the loot house and introduced herself
as Elsa. At first, Elsa and Subaru began a bidding war with the insignia, with Subaru winning the
bid. However, when Subaru revealed that he was going to return the insignia to its owner, all hell
broke loose.
"Now that I see this again, Elsa was going to attack us regardless, even if she won that bidding war, and
even if she didn't know that I was going to return that insignia to Emilia."
"Wait, she was?" - Touya
"On the first loop, Rom was dead before Subaru and Emilia came there. This meant that Elsa was going
to kill them to shut down any potential witness, or maybe because she was just that sadistic." - Rimuru

"Both is possible considering who that bitch is."
She instantly attacked the three of them. A fight occurs, with Rom and the serial killer trading
blows, but unfortunately, Rom managed to kill Rom , and soon, when Felt tried to fight against
Elsa, she also died in her hands, leaving Subaru as the only one left.
Felt looked terrified at seeing her own dead body, while Reinhard had an angry look on his face,
something I didn't think was possible.
"Felt-chan!" - Emilia
"No...! Subaru-kun is going to die again...!" - Rem
I decided to hug Rem to assure her I was here.
"I'm here, okay, Rem? I'm here with you, right now."
"S-Subaru-kun..." - Rem
Shit, I'm dreading seeing the loop where Rem kills me appear in this theater...
Meanwhile, everyone else simply tensed up at what was going to be my second death in the world.
Subaru also tried to fight back against Elsa stubbornly, but he stood no chance. Eventually, Elsa
managed to cut up Subaru's abdomen, causing him to bleed out in pain.
Elsa approached Subaru, who was unable to say anything but gurgle outcries of pain, and stared at
his bloody, blackish innards with a look of ecstasy on her face.
"Ah...just as I hoped. Your intestines have such a beautiful color to them ."
This woman was out of her mind.
"Yep, this woman is fucking crazy."
"I-Is that why she always..." - Celia
"She guts her targets because of that, yeah."
I could see the majority of the people in the audience shudder at Elsa's craziness.
At the pain that even his endorphins could not negate, Subaru's consciousness started to fade. He
realized that he seemed to have fallen on his side. With shaking fingertips, he weakly touched Elsa's
foot.
" Uu ...ugh..."
"Are you in pain? Does it hurt? Are you sad? Do you want to die?"
"Fuck you, you bitch in black! Don't you dare touch captain with your filthy hands!" - Garfiel
"This woman is going to make me sick!" - Rudeus
With his hand still grabbing at her ankle, Elsa knelt down beside Subaru and looked him in the eyes.
Elsa's eyes were filled with ecstasy. She had absolutely no qualms about taking another human life.
Instead...she seemed to be incredibly happy, filled with bliss.

"Slowly, slowly, slowly, ever so slowly your body will lose its heat and you will go cold."
"I really want to cut her up, Teacher." - Fran
"Her blood would be disgusting on me, but it would be all worth it." - Teacher
"Let's see if she says that once I cut her up!" - Eris
This is the kind of assassin I hate the most. - Lugh
"You know, this woman deserves to be put in my dead slime prison..." - Touya
Subaru could feel Elsa's voice vibrating his eardrums, torturing him, savoring him, pitying him,
affectionate for him, loving him.
Before he knew it, Subaru couldn't see anymore. His loss of blood was too great, and bit by bit he was
dying. Now, he couldn't hear anything. He couldn't smell anything. He couldn't see anything. He
could only feel his body growing colder, his body dying, and the fear that came with it.
Remembering all this really brought back a lot of unpleasant memories in me, but at the same time, this
doesn't even come close to the worst death I've felt.
"You know, the fact that this isn't even the worst death I've felt in the world just makes me sick more than
this death itself."
"What...?" - Souma
"You... don't want to know."
In this space, not knowing exactly when the light of his life would be extinguished , Subaru could not
separate himself from the fear of death.
When will I die? When will I die? Am I still alive? Am I not already dead? How do you define life?
Can you even say that I'm alive in this state, lesser than any insect? What is life? What is death? Why
is dying so frightening? Isit really necessary to live? No?
I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm
scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared . I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared. I'm scared.
I'm scared.
I feel really pathetic right now. I shut myself in my room and got depressed when Eris left me, while this
guy died two times in such a horrific fashion in his first day, and he's mosty fine, I think. I guess I'll just
have to try harder so that I wouldn't feel bad about myself. - Rudeus
After having such an easy time in my world, I feel really guilty now seeing all of this. - Touya
As an absolute and unconditional death grew ever closer, Subaru's mind instinctively rejected it. At
the end, that rejection filled everything that Subaru was, and as his vision whited out, he thought...
Ah...I'm dead.
And with that very last thought, Subaru Natsuki's life flickered out.
Unlike the last time I died, everyone else was just silent seeing my corpse.

Natsuki Subaru woke up once more on the appa stand, confused more than ever since he knew
that he had just died. Before he was able to think about anything, he was able to see Satella and
apologizes for what had happened. Instead of what he expected, the girl, who was actually not
named Satella, angrily rebuked him for calling him the name of the Witch of Envy, much to
Subaru's confusion.
"I knew it." - Julius
"Subaru has faced the consequences of Emilia's foolish decision." - Ainz
"I don't... remember this happening..." - Emilia
Everyone's eyes widened at Emilia's admission, and dread began to fill them once more.
"H-He's going to die again?! For the third time?!" - Felt
"Give him a goddamn break, man!" - Touya
"This is... too much! How long are you going to make this poor man suffer?!" - Yumina
Felt then appeared, stealthily stealing the girl's insignia again then ran away, causing the girl to
run after her. With that, Subaru was left aimlessly wandering around, trying to make sense of
everything.
Before he could, though, he encountered the three thugs again, but decided to avoid them this time.
Unfortunately, one of them had accidentally stabbed him, and in a panic, they all left him.
Eventually, Natsuki Subaru died once more, bleeding out from his wounds.
"What the fuck!" - Souma
"He died to those three this time?!" - Rimuru
"At least he didn't die to that sadistic woman again..." - Hinata
"Please... just let this end..." - Tarte
Waking up to the appa stand for the fourth time, Subaru decided to walk away and organize his
thoughts.
After collecting his thoughts, he began to think about his ability. He realized that he has the ability
to rewind time every time he dies to a specific point in time. He named this ability Return By
Death. When Elsa had killed him those two previous loops, he went back in time to the appa
merchant. He had realized that his obligation to the girl ended on the first loop, but he didn't want
to leave a kind-hearted girl to die, so he resolved to save her.
"Finally!" - Rudeus
"Let's hope Subaru survives here..." - Rimuru
Even after my foolish mistakes has caused you so much suffering... you really are a dunderhead, my
knight. - Emilia
What a troublesome contractor I have. Betty will make sure to keep you safe, I suppose. - Beatrice
You really are a hero, Subaru-kun. Rem's hero. If anyone deserves that title, it is you. - Rem

"Let's hope captain doesn't die this time!" - Garfiel
"Go, miniboss!" - Mimi
He once again ran into the three thugs, but instead of fighting them, he asked for help instead,
screaming at the top of his lungs in an increasingly feminine tone, causing the thugs to panic.
Someone arrived to save Subaru, a red-haired man with a gentle disposition and a powerful aura.
"I remember this! This is what happened!" - Reinhard
The mood immediately lifted at Reinhard's declaration.
"Yes! He won't die this time!" - Souma
"I'm glad!" - Liscia
"He wouldn't have to suffer against that woman any longer!" - Sylphie
Not quite, miss elf.
He was named Reinhard and was referred to as a "master swordsman" by the thugs. After driving
them off, Subaru thanked Reinhard for his help. Reinhard, being the kind soul that he is, asked
Subaru if he needs any more help. Subaru, at first, wanted to bring him to the loot house, and even
tried to suggest it, but he decided against it in the end. He did ask Reinhard to send a message to a
silver-haired girl to not go to the loot house as he will bring her what she is looking for.
"That is the first time I've ever seen someone worried about Reinhard-kyun!" - Felix
"It's... honestly refreshing to see." - Julius
You have always been such a kind individual, Reinhard. Why... did you have to suffer like that...? Wilhelm
Along the way there, Subaru ran into Elsa, and they had a tense confrontation. Fortunately for
him, Elsa didn't want to cause a scene then and decided to let him escape for now.
"What kind of bad luck do you have, man?" - Rimuru
"The worst kind."
"This is just messed up..." - Touya
Once he arrives at the slums, he meets Felt once more, and Subaru tells her that he will haggle for
the insignia she just stole using his flip phone, citing the price that Rom appraised on it in the
previous loop. Skeptical, Felt decided to bring him to the loot house in case she was getting
scammed. They then negotiated once more until they heard a sound coming from the door. Subaru
thought it was Elsa at first, but then it turned out to be the silver-haired girl, seeking her stolen
insignia.
"You know, I couldn't say this earlier, but what the hell is up with that flip phone?! That's so outdated." Rudeus
"It's the only one I had, okay? Besides, this flip phone had helped me more than you realize. I'm kinda
glad I didn't sell it here."

The girl demanded Felt that she returns what she stole, causing a heated argument to erupt
between them. This was interrupted by Elsa trying to attack them from behind, having decided to
kill everyone since the owner was already there, and they were only forewarned by Subaru
shouting Puck's name to defend the girl. Puck appears and a battle between the Bowel Hunter and
the great spirit commenced.
"At least there's a proper fight this time." - Fran
Fran is probably enjoying this since Subaru wouldn't die here anymore. - Teacher
"Go little kitty!" - Sue
"Kick her ass, great spirit!" - Eris
It was a fierce battle, with magic and blades clashing furiously. Puck decided to trap her in a
devastating magical attack due to the fact that he was running out of time. Unfortunately, Elsa
survived the blow, and Puck ran out of time, leading him to sleep in the girl's crystal, telling her
that if she's ever in danger, he will do everything in his power to fulfill the contract even when he
has to use his Od to do so.
Shit, if Emilia had died here, Puck would have definitely gone berserk! Thankfully Reinhard showed up
there when he had.
"Now it's only Emilia and Subaru left here with Rom and Felt." - Rio
"Relax, Haruto, Subaru-san's going to survive here, right?" - Satsuki
"I know, but I'm still worried about him." - Rio
The advantage turned to Elsa, as she knocked out Rom and began desperately fighting with the
silver-haired girl. Subaru saw Felt in danger, and instantly tried to save her, then he encouraged
Felt to run away and get some help. After some objection, Felt ran away, while Subaru blocked
Elsa's attacks, causing her to feel angered.
"She's going to fight seriously, now." - Julius
"Yeah, she did."
The battle continued once more, with both the girl and Subaru talking. Subaru asked the girl if she
had a trump card, and the girl says that she has but it will take out everyone including Subaru, and
that was not an option for her. Seeing her determination lit a fire in Subaru, and he becomes
motivated as well.
"I didn't see anything right now."
"...What?"
"This conversation we just had, it didn't happen! I just remembered the reason I'm here. Just leave it
to me, damn it! I'm going to make sure you never have to use that final option of yours!!"
Subaru pointed at Not-Satella and then at Elsa and made his declaration. He spit as he did, stomped
on the ground, and let all of his emotions howl out from his soul.
"I'm going to blow you away and we're going to have ourselves a happy ending . You don't belong
here, so scram!"

"HELL YES!" - Rimuru
"GO, SUBARU!" - Souma
"YOU CAN DO IT, SUBARU-KUN!" - Rem
The battle then continued in its intensity. Ice and blade clashed once more, with both Subaru and
the silver-haired girl struggling to fight Elsa. Unfortunately, Subaru made a mistake, leaving him
open to an attack from Elsa. Before he was injured once again by the Bowel Hunter, though,
someone came to save Subaru.
"That's enough."
Entering the loot house from the roof, a majestic figure appeared, wearing a knightly uniform and
emitting a silent pressure on the battle. His red hair was easily noticeable, and his blue eyes
contained an unwavering will.
"Reinhard's here!"
"Heh, that assassin has no chance now, nyah!" - Felix
"I'm looking forward to seeing Rein kick her ass again!" - Felt
Reinhard smiled at the praise, but I noticed that he looked a little sad.
In the end, despite my strength, I couldn't finish her off... - Reinhard
Reinhard has entered the battlefield. After apologizing for being late, he faced down the assassin,
who was looking at him with ecstasy.
The knight immediately figured out that his opponent was Elsa, who was known as the Bowel
Hunter due to her tendency to cut people up by their guts.
Reinhard, sensing a battle, warns Subaru to move away to prevent them from being harmed.
"Understood. ...That woman's quite the monster, so don't let your guard down , all right?"
"Fortunately, you could say that fighting monsters is my specialty," said Reinhard confidently, and
walked forward without any sign that he was preparing himself for battle.
"I want to fight him!" - Fran
"Damn, he dropped a badass line." - Rimuru
"Holy shit, that was cool!" - Touya
"Everyone, we're about to witness a fine bit of ass-kicking!"
The battle commences, and it was clear that Reinhard is dominating the fight. His power and skills
were far beyond Elsa's, and he wasn't even scratched by anything Elsa does. He was completely
overpowering her, and Subaru was simply awestruck by Reinhard's legendary power.
"She couldn't even scratch him..." - Roxy
"What power..." - Aisha

"Teacher, I really want to fight him now..." - Fran
I wonder if I would be able to fight him... - Rio
Have I finally met someone like Lugh who can fight against me and survive? - Epona
"Man, he looks so cool." - Touya
Meanwhile, the girl healed the injured Rom , stating that he needed to recover because she needs
information from him. She also informed Subaru that Reinhard was holding back because him
fighting seriously will cause the energy that Emilia should use for healing to be absorbed by
Reinhard. Once she was done, Subaru shouted for Reinhard to stop holding back. He did, and
using his power and a temporary sword he has since he couldn't draw his actual sword, he
launched a massive blast towards Elsa, causing the loot house to be destroyed utterly. Once again,
Subaru stands in awe of Reinhard's strength, as he was able to cause this much destruction with
one swing of his blade.
"Holy shit!"
That pretty much summed up everyone's reaction to the spectacle.
"Damn, that's ridiculous..." - Rudeus
"Reinhard is so cool!"
Subaru then turned to the girl, as she was leaning on him for support because of the massive attack
that had just happened.
"Is it over...?" she asked weakly.
"Yeah... In the true sense of the word, it looks like it is," Subaru said, helping her stand.
Not-Satella ran her fingers through her own hair, and with still uncertain steps , let go of Subaru,
while Subaru stared.
"Why are you staring at me like that? That's very rude of you," she said.
"Your limbs and head are all still attached to your body, right?"
"...Why wouldn't they be? Could you please not say something so ominous?" replied Not-Satella, not
understanding what Subaru was trying to say.
As Not-Satella stared back at Subaru with an annoyed look in her eyes, Subaru gave her a thumbs-up
and smiled. "That's right. I mean, that makes perfect sense. I, myself, have all my limbs; I don't have
a knife stuck in my back or a huge hole in my stomach!"
"Subaru, you are not okay! Not at all!" - Rimuru
"That's disturbing..." - Rudeus
"That was not very appropriate..." - Rio
"Don't say things like that ever again, Subaru!" - Emilia
"Yeah, I'll make sure I won't!"

"The way you say that, it sounds like you had experienced all of that atone time."
Subaru thanked Reinhard for his help, and they began cleaning up the scene. Somehow, Elsa was
able to survive the attack, though, and she tried to attack the silver-haired girl, only being blocked
by Subaru holding Rom's club. After trying one more time to attack Reinhard and failing, she then
retreated the scene.
"How the hell did she survive that?!" - Rimuru
"She has regenerative capabilities. If you want to put her down, make sure she stays down."
"Why the hell is she your first enemy in this world, Subaru...?" - Souma
"I have rotten luck, that's why. Difficulty curves does not exist in this world whatsoever."
Subaru then decided to talk to Emilia about a reward.
"I'm the person who saved your life! Your rescuer! Now you are the heroine I rescued. Don't you
think that I should get some kind of reward? Don't you think so?!"
"...I understand. Only if it's something I'm able to do, though."
"As long as you understand! Now I only have one, just one request of you!" Subaru put his finger out
in front of him to emphasize this point. While the girl looked a bit worried in response, she seemed to
find her determination and nodded firmly.
"So my wish is..."
"Go on."
Subaru smiled, showing his teeth, then snapped his fingers and then gave a thumbs-up, striking a
pose.
"...I want you to tell me your name."
"After all of that, you just asked for her name?!" - Anastasia
"Heehee, how romantic of you, Subaru." - Sylphie
"It's like those fairy tales!" - Petra
I didn't notice her speak until now, then I realized that she was simply quietly crying at all of the scenes. I
really hope she's okay after this.
"Haha, if anyone deserves the title of a hero, it's him." - Rui
"It doesn't really matter how powerful we are, he's a true hero." - Satsuki
"Smooth!" - Rudeus
The girl giggled at the unexpectedly simple request and introduced herself as Emilia.
"My name is Emilia. Just Emilia. Thank you, Subaru. Thank you for saving me," Emilia said,
holding out her hand.

Looking down at that hand, Subaru hesitantly took it in his. Her fingers and wrist were slender and
her palm was small, and her hand was very warm.
It was a living hand, with blood running through it.
—Thank you for saving me. Subaru wanted to say the same to her. She was the one who had saved
him first.
That's what he meant back then, huh? Subaru, you nincompoop...! - Emilia
With this, he had finally repaid her, after dying three times from blade wounds to get here. After all
of that pain and suffering, after all that fighting with everything he had, his reward was her name and
a smile.
Ahh...
"Man, that wasn't worth it at all," said Subaru, smiling as he gripped Emilia's hand.
"You really dare lie to our faces right now?" - Rimuru
"Haha, yeah, it really was all worth it."
Reinhard had been impressed that Subaru had survived Elsa's attack, and Subaru laughed it off,
saying that it was the club that protected him. Unfortunately, it wasn't enough, and Subaru had
still been wounded, causing him to lose consciousness. His last thoughts before falling unconscious
were him thinking of how cute Emilia was even when panicking.
"Let the poor man catch a break, sheesh." - Rimuru
I don't think that's possible at all, Rimuru-san.
Fortunately, Subaru was able to be healed by Emilia, and both of them pondered about his
situation. Reinhard offered to take Subaru with him, but after some deliberation, Emilia decided to
take Subaru with her, in order to understand what was going on with him.
"While it would have been fun going with Reinhard, I'm satisfied with how things turned out."
"I'm glad, Subaru." - Reinhard
Meanwhile, they both thought about what to do with Felt and Old Man Rom . Reinhard said that
he would have arrested them, but since he was off-duty, he'll let them off the hook.
Felt then apologized to Emilia for stealing her insignia and decided to give it back to her. Seeing the
insignia glow in her hands, Reinhard's attitude changed, and demanded Felt to come with him
immediately, even resorting to putting her to sleep when she refused. Emilia questioned him on the
drastic action, and Reinhard told her that it would be a great crime ignoring what had just
happened and decided to take her with him, asking Emilia to take care of Subaru.
"And that's how the last royal candidate was found." - Crusch
"Did you really have to do that, Rein? You could have just told me that I was a potential royal
candidate!" - Felt
"My apologies, but it was the only option available to me at the time." - Reinhard

"Besides, weren't you against running for the throne before? I'm pretty sure you would have rejected him,
and he would have knocked you out regardless."
"It's the thought that counts, big bro!" - Felt
Feeling Felt's light weight in his arms, Reinhard brushed her blond hair away from her forehead.
When she was unconscious like this and didn't have to be so on guard, her white face looked both
innocent and charming. If she were given a change of clothes and a bath, surely, she would shine.
A strong wind blew, and Reinhard's bangs danced in front of his face.Through those bangs Reinhard
looked up at the sky and saw floating in the twilight above the capital, the moon.
It was a full moon that shone with a bluish white light, and its beauty was both alluring and
bewitching.
"This may be the last time I can look up at the moon and feel at ease..." muttered Reinhard, his words
only reaching the moon that looked down upon them.

"That was horrible yet enjoyable at the same time..." Rudeus remarked as the viewing ended.
"What an interesting individual he is." Demon Lord Luminous expressed her opinion as she stared at me
with interest.
"You have my respect, Natsuki Subaru." Ainz said.
"You know what, cap'n, you are really awesome!" Garfiel patted me on the back.
"That's right, Subaru-kun truly felt like a hero in that moment!" Rem expressed her support for me as
well.
Meanwhile, Emilia held my hands tightly yet gently as she looked into my eyes.
"I will make sure that I won't burden you like this again, my dear knight."
"Okay!" the Everlasting spoke once more. "Since that is finished now, it's time for Rudeus Greyrat to
take the spotlight now!"
I saw Rudeus's eyes widen at this, before finally showing his reaction.
"Well, this will be... embarrassing."
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

Is it bad that I kind of enjoyed writing this chapter?
Also, rereading Arc 1 made me remember just how messed up Elsa was. Arc 4 made her slightly
more sympathetic that I kinda forgot just how much of a menace she was when she was first
introduced.

In any case, now everyone in theater has their first taste of trauma, and there are more to come!
Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter! It was a lot of fun for me to write, so I hope this was
a lot of fun for you guys to read! Next, we're going to see the beginnings of another broken
individual, which is thankfully more peaceful this time.

Chapter 5: Beginnings Chapter 3: A Failure's Second Chance
Chapter Summary

This next one is going to be Rudeus Greyrat! His start is relatively peaceful, all things considered.
If you ignored all the pervertedness, of course.
Watch as Rudeus gets embarrassed by how ridiculously perverted he was in the beginning compared
to now.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Rudeus's POV
"Are you going to be alright, Rudy?" Sylphie asked me.
"I don't know. It depends on how much the Everlasting is going to show."
That also roughly translates to how much am I going to need a shovel to dig a hole to avoid any
embarrassment.
"You know that the Everlasting probably wouldn't show any mercy and show everything, right?" Subaru
said.
"That wouldn't stop me from hoping for the best, though." I said with a sigh.
While I still think that the viewing would benefit me, remembering all of the messed up things I had done
before just made me wish to hide in a hole somewhere and never appear again. I remembered what
happened on the day I died like it was yesterday. While my actions were great in the end, as I tried to
save Nanahoshi and her friends, there was still what happened before that. My shameful actions that
resulted in me getting kicked out of the house for good.
I was a failure. A no-good scum who was only a waste of space, and everyone is going to see that. Not
just my family, but also the acquaintances in the theater. All my failures would be there for everyone to
see...
"Calm down, Rudy." The voice of Sylphie caught my attention as she began holding my shoulders. It
turns out, I was shaking from all the negative thoughts swirling in my head.
"I'm... I'm calm now. Thanks, Sylphie." I said. Everyone took notice of my behavior, but didn't say
anything.
"So, uhh, are you guys going to discuss what happened?" Subaru asked, making many people flinch at
the memory of the previous episode.
"Do you want us to discuss it?" Rio asked in consideration of him. Subaru simply chuckled.
"It's fine. Compared to what happened later, this is nothing." Subaru replied.

"That just makes everything more ominous, but I guess we won't question it." Rimuru remarked.
"Anyway, I guess we have a few things we want to ask."
"First, I want to ask. How many times have you died, Subaru-san?" Souma asked.
"I can't answer that." he said, while glancing at the smiling Everlasting.
"What happened to that woman Elsa?" Ainz asked.
"She caused a lot of trouble for us later on, but it's fine now." he said with a tired look.
"What about the person who hired her? She's an assassin, right?" Lugh asked.
"Don't worry, that's been taken care of as well." he said. His voice had this grimness to it that made me
think that Subaru had struggled a lot fighting Elsa's employer.
I don't even want to think about how many times he died in that struggle.
I clenched my fists involuntarily at remembering all of Subaru's deaths so far. The fact that he said that
his experiences got worse is...
...cruel, and unfair.
"How powerful is Reinhard?" It was Rimuru who asked the question this time.
"He is considered one of the most powerful individuals in the world. He is capable of casually destroying
cities when he goes all-out." It was Julius who answered the question.
"With or without that sword?" he pointed at the sheathed sword that Reinhard was carrying. Most of the
people from the Return world was surprised at Rimuru pointing out the blade.
"You can tell that the sword is special?" Duchess Crusch asked.
"It is very powerful, that sword. It's definitely on the level of a Legendary-Grade weapon." Rimuru said,
causing many in the Slime world to be shocked.
"Haha! Is that so? Interesting." Demon Lord Guy said with an amused smirk on his face.
"Legendary-Grade, huh? Do you think it's more powerful than Hinata's Moonlight Rapier?" Demon Lord
Luminous asked Rimuru.
"I can't tell. From my analysis, I'd say Moonlight Rapier is more powerful." Rimuru remarked.
"A weapon more powerful than the Dragon Sword Reid...?" Reinhard muttered in shock, as if what he
had just said was incomprehensible to him.
"No way..." Julius was shocked as well.
"Hmmm..." Both of them hummed as they looked at each other with curiosity.
"I kinda want to see the two of them fight now, but we're in a theater..." Subaru said, leading to the
Everlasting chuckling.
"I feel the same." Rimuru said.
"Did you really think that I can't conjure up an arena for you?" they said, much to the shock of everyone.

"You can?!" Subaru asked.
"Of course I can! It's not even going to be difficult for me!" they explained. "Of course, if you're going to
do something like that, do it later once these set of films end!"
"You mean... once we finish with the beginnings of each of the protagonists?" Rimuru said.
"Yep. Of course, you'll still need the approval of the fighters themselves."
"While I think it's troublesome, I guess I'll do it. Since we're staying in this theater for a while, I don't
want to get rusty." Hinata said.
"It would be an interesting match, and I also want to face someone that is equal or more powerful than
me. I hope we can have a good duel, Sakaguchi Hinata."
"You as well, Reinhard van Astrea."
(A/N: Here it is, folks! Place your bets now! Who would win between Hinata and Reinhard? Note
that this is Volume 8 Hinata and not current LN Hinata. Current LN Hinata will stomp Reinhard
any day of the week.)
"With that out of the way, are there any more questions?" the Everlasting asked.
"What was up with the taboo? The one you asked that girl earlier?" Rimuru spoke up while pointing at
Satella.
"Ah, that. It's simple, really. There is a taboo around Return By Death. I can't intentionally talk about my
ability. When I do, I get my heart squeezed, and time stops." Subaru answered, shocking everyone.
"S-So that's... why..." Emilia whispered in shock.
"...Subaru-kun wasn't able to tell us..." Rem said.
"The Witch made sure that Subaru is forbidden from telling anyone about his ability, I suppose." Beatrice
said.
"I do not want people taking advantage of him." Satella said. "I do not want people using him and his
ability to further their own goals!"
Her statement silenced everyone from the Return world. Her statement made sense. If anyone selfish or
unsavory finds out about Subaru's ability, it would cause a lot more suffering to Subaru, who may use
him for their own selfish agenda.
"We won't do that to Subaru-kun!" Rem insisted.
"Are you sure about that?" Satella gazed at them intensely causing them to flinch. "While I am sure that
you wouldn't do anything to him, there are many more people who will take advantage of him and his
ability. I refuse to let that happen."
Her resolve was palpable, to the point that none of them can say anything more.
"Once they show the scene where I first discover the taboo, we can talk more about this." Subaru said,
wanting to placate everyone. He succeeded, and everyone else eventually settled down.
"Okay! Since there's nothing else to talk about for now, why don't the residents of the Quagmire world
introduce themselves?" the Everlasting said. Now, it was time for my loved ones to introduce themselves.

"My name is Sylphiette Greyrat. I am a former guardian mage and I am Rudy's wife."
"Oh, congratulations, man!" Subaru said to me.
"Well, someone managed to achieve success in their life. Congratulations, Rudeus." Rimuru said with a
smile.
Everyone else did congratulate me, as if me and Sylphie just got married. To be fair, considering we just
watched Subaru's... suffering earlier, seeing one of the protagonists get success in life is worthy of being
celebrated like that.
"I am Roxy M. Greyrat. I am an adventurer, professor, and also Rudy's wife."
"Eh?"
Everyone fell silent for a moment, before Rimuru bursted out in laughter.
"So it's like that, huh? Well, well, well!" he said.
"T-T-Two wives?!" the black haired girl besides Rio blushed heavily.
"Congratulations, you lucky bastard..." Subaru said, but much quieter this time.
Meanwhile, both Souma and Touya had a grimaced at the surprised reactions of the audience. From what
I can tell, these guys also had multiple spouses of their own, so they were probably dreading the reactions
of the audience to their... harems, I guess.
"I am Eris Greyrat! I am a Sword King and I am the last of Rudeus's wives!"
"There's three?!"
The audience shouted in disbelief.
"Well damn, you are one lucky guy, Rudeus. Good luck." Teacher said, and although he didn't have an
expression on his face, since he's a sword, I can tell the guy was grinning.
"Woah..." Subaru just stared at me in awe, as if seeing me as something amazing.
"I'm Zenith Greyrat, a former adventurer and Rudy's mother!"
"I'm Paul Greyrat, a knight of Asura Kingdom and, of course, father to Rudeus Greyrat!"
"I am Lilia Greyrat, maid to the Greyrat family and Paul's second wife."
"Pffttt..." Rimuru almost burst out laughing. "Turns out, the womanizing is genetic."
"At least Rudy's womanizing was less messy than Paul's." Mom said. "Though the reason for that is
because Sylphie-chan is too kind."
"Don't tell us something I already know, Mom. I'm grateful to Sylphie every single day." I said, making
her blush. "Besides, when I introduced Eris to you, you slapped me in the face."
"Because you were being naughty, Rudy! Three wives! Three! I cannot believe you had the gall to do
something like that when your father didn't!"

"At least I don't touch every pretty girl that I encounter like a feral animal like Dad did when he was
young." I said.
"Ouch! You didn't have to do that, Rudy! Are you really going to insult your old man even when he's
dead?" Paul said.
"Yeah." I said.
This caused a smattering of chuckling in my world. Eventually, Norn got her turn.
"I'm Norn Greyrat, Rudeus's younger sister."
"I'm Aisha Greyrat, Rudeus's younger half-sister and personal maid!"
"Before you guys say anything, being my personal maid is what she wants. Unfortunately, I can't really
do anything to persuade her otherwise." I said, since everyone gave me strange looks immediately after
she said it.
"Still, that is... questionable." Rio said, while glancing at the fox-eared girl sitting near him.
"It is, but as I said, I can't do anything about it."
With that, it was Princess Ariel's turn next.
"My name is Ariel Anemoi Asura, the second princess of the Asura Kingdom."
The reaction was pretty minimal. Considering that there are quite a lot of monarchs here, there probably
wasn't going to be much of a reaction to her now.
"I am Luke Notos Greyrat, knight to Princess Ariel."
"100th Dragon God, Orsted."
I didn't think he really needed the introduction since the people here already know him, but I guess it's
more courtesy than anything.
His appearance still made people terrified though, but I can't really blame them.
"My name is Nanahoshi Shizuka, a Japanese girl unwillingly transported into the Six-Faced World."
"Six-Faced World?" Touya asked.
"That's the name of our world, which is divided into seven parts. The Dragon World, the Demon World,
the Beast World, the Ocean World, the Sky World, the Human World, and finally, the Void World in the
center, which contains nothingness." Orsted explained, which was met with nods by everyone.
"Transported? Not reincarnated, like Rudeus is?" Lugh asked.
"No, I was transported in the middle of a field, and now I'm researching ways to go back home." she said.
"I see. Well, we wish you good luck, Nanahoshi." Rimuru said.
"Yeah, good luck!" Touya said.
"I wish you good luck as well, Nanahoshi." Ainz said.
"I'm sure you'll be able to do it!" Subaru said with a thumbs up.

"Good luck." Rio said.
"I hope you will be able to go back to your family." Souma said.
"Good luck, Nanahoshi Shizuka." Lugh said.
"Yeah, I hope you can go back home!" Teacher spoke.
"Thank you, everyone." Nanahoshi said.
"I am Zanoba Shirone, an exiled prince of the Shirone Kingdom and a disciple to Rudeus Greyrat."
"Disciple?" Hinata asked.
"It's... complicated." I answered
"I am Cliff Grimoire, the grandson of the Pope of Millis."
"My name is Elinalise Grimoire, a former adventurer and wife to Cliff Grimoire."
"Why do I feel that something is off with that girl...?" Subaru muttered.
Oh, you'll see soon enough, Subaru.
"Okay, since we're finished with the introductions, let us begin Rudeus's beginnings in the world!"
*****
In a rainy, dreary night on the streets of Japan, a lone man is seen walking the streets. He was, by
all intents and purposes, fat and ugly. His clothing, composed of a track suit and a shirt, were
tattered and worn down. His face was contorted into an expression of despair and hopelessness, one
worn by those who had lost everything. As he walked aimlessly down the street, he began to think
about his life so far.
"Wait, what?" - Souma
"Is that... your former self, Rudeus?" - Rimuru
"...Yeah."
"Sorry to be rude, but you look like shit." - Subaru
"That looks obvious now, is it?"
As I expected, my family and friends looked shocked at seeing what my former self looked like.
Why does that... look so familiar? - Nanahoshi
"I need to thank whoever reincarnated our son, because he inherited my naturally handsome looks!" Paul
Yeah, you really need to be more thankful, Dad.
In short, he had been a failure. After making a wrong decision during high school, he experienced
intense bullying, and soon, his life spiraled downwards. He shut himself in his room, and begun to
delve into anime and games, to the point that it became an obsession. In short, he had lost his will
to live and stagnated.

"Guh! Well, that hit closer to home than I expected..." - Subaru
Many looked at Subaru with understandable concern. Even I, who knew how messed up my life got,
dreaded whatever happened to Subaru for him to say that.
Is that why... you said those things to Julie? Because she reminded him of you? - Sylphie
"That is... really concerning..." - Roxy
Eventually, his behavior became unbearable, and it reached a breaking point. In his parent's
funeral, he simply stayed in his room and pleasured himself with adult games involving lolis. The
behavior was deemed outrageous by the family, and he was thrown out of the house after some
scathing words. The man was simply bewildered, as he didn't think he had done anything wrong.
And so, that was what had happened to him.
"WHAT THE FUCK!" - Rimuru
Rimuru's voice echoed around the entire room. Meanwhile, I began to slowly retreat myself to whatever
corner I could.
"Rimuru-sama actually cursed..." - Shuna
"Oh hell no!" - Teacher
"This guy..." - Souma
"What the hell, man!" - Subaru
"Ugh... Damn it, of course he shows my dark past like this..."
"To skip out your parent's funeral for such a disgusting reason..." - Rimuru
As expected, most of the girls were looking at me with abject disgust. Only my wives looked at me
with... wonder?
"Really, Rudeus? No wonder..." - Nanahoshi
...No wonder you called yourself trash. You weren't exaggerating at all. - Nanahoshi
"Disgusting." - Hinata
"Rudy..." - Sylphie
"I didn't think you had such... tastes, Sir Rudeus." - Ariel
"I don't have it anymore. Well, I don't have it too severely anymore. Even I am disgusted by this now. I
have changed."
The girls in the theater who understood what I did glared at me dubiously, but shockingly, my Dad came
to my rescue.
"You got that right. Honestly, not only did you not skip out my funeral for such a stupid reason, you even
had that fancy speech you said right in front of my grave. It was touching, honestly." - Paul
"W-Wait, how did you know that?!"

"Why don't you ask that guy?" - Paul
He then pointed towards the Everlasting, who seemed to simply smile innocently. Meanwhile, the girls
stopped staring at me, but the discomfort caused by my decision remains.
As he continued walking down the street, he saw a few highschoolers, two boys and a girl, arguing
about something in the middle of the road. He then also saw a truck speeding down the road about
to run over them. The man wanted to save them, so he immediately ran towards them in order to
save them. He managed to succeed, but he was hit by that truck in the process, and so, he had died.
"Wait, that's Nanahoshi!" - Sylphie
"That's why you looked so familiar! You saved me back then!" - Nanahoshi
"Yes, I did. Imagine my surprise when I saw the girl that I saved back then in the same world as me. It
was really weird."
"So saving their lives is what caused you to die and get reincarnated, hm?" - Ariel
"I didn't regret it at all. Though I am curious, Nanahoshi. How long was the time between me saving you
and you being teleported?"
"Not long at all. Maybe a few days?" - Nanahoshi
"I guess the timelines between the two worlds are kinda messed up, huh?"
I guess underneath all of the filthiness, Rudeus has a good heart. I see. This is a story of redemption, it
seems. - Lugh
When he opened his eyes, he saw himself being cradled by a young woman with blonde hair and
blue eyes. Beside her, a man with brown hair and green eyes began to carry him as well. He
concluded that his life will be difficult from here on.
"It was hard becoming a baby again."
"It was very difficult, especially having been used to free and flexible movement." - Lugh
"Oh yeah, I think you guys are probably the only ones that have been reincarnated as humans here."Subaru
He did comment on how he was going to enjoy sucking a beautiful girl's boobs for free.
"That's your mother, you perverted dipshit! The mother we worked so hard to save! That's our family!
Ugh!"
I sincerely forgot that I ever made this comment, and I was genuinely appalled that I ever made such a
comment.
"Oh wow, even Rudy's mad." - Sylphie
"If he hadn't done so, I would have punished him." - Zenith
"I sincerely apologize, Mom. I would never think like this ever again."
"You better." - Zenith

"Ugh, my past self really sucked."
"Most definitely." - Nanahoshi
"Damn, he was ridiculously perverted, huh?" - Rimuru
"It's both impressive and fucked up at this point." - Subaru.
A month passed since then, and he had realized that he had actually been reborn as a baby. A baby
named Rudeus Greyrat born to Paul Greyrat and Zenith Greyrat, with Lilia being the maid. He
was jealous of the couple at first for having a baby in their early twenties, but it went away quickly.
He had also judged that he was not in Japan anymore, based on his surroundings and his parents,
but was frustrated by the apparent lack of modern luxury in the house. He wanted to do something
besides exploring the house, so he was feeling frustrated at having nothing to do.
"Now that I see it, yeah, being a human baby again would suck." - Rimuru
"Hey! How dare you try to criticize me for not figuring out Return By Death when you didn't even figure
out that you were transported in another world?!" - Subaru
"I... honestly forgot that it took me a long time to figure it out. I'm sorry for saying that, I guess."
One day, though, that would change.
That time, he was watching his father practice with a wooden sword. He was stunned at such a
behavior and thought that there was something wrong with him because nobody should be doing
that in modern times. In his daze, he slipped and fell down the chair he was standing on.
He was then seen by his mother, who understandably fussed over him. After checking him for
injuries, she then chanted something, and the pain from his head injury suddenly disappeared and
were healed. It was then that he had finally realized that he was now in another world.
A world of swords and sorcery.
"With the information that Rudeus was presented, however, we can't really blame him for not realizing it
immediately, just like how we can't blame Subaru for not figuring out Return By Death early." - Rimuru
Me, Mom, Dad, and Lilia all had nostalgic looks at seeing all of this again.
"Those were simpler times, eh?" - Paul
"Yes, it was." - Zenith
Eventually, two years had passed ever since he was reincarnated into the world. In that time, he
had finally managed to learn how to walk, as well as read and communicate with the world's
language.
"Considering his environment, it's impressive that he learned all of that within two years only." - Lugh
"When trying to learn is all that you can do, it becomes really easy to do so."
"Yeah, he literally had nothing to do besides study." - Souma
At this time, he had decided to study and exercise to gain the skills he'd need to live a proper life.
After experiencing his previously horrible life, he wanted to change, become a better person, and
lead a fulfilling life without regrets. Because of this, he decided to study first, given that he does not

have the physical capabilities to train his body just yet. He then worked hard to learn the language
of the worl d.
Everyone nodded in approval at the steps I took initially and it kinda warned my heart.
There were only five books in the house, and they were:
Wandering the World, a reference guide to all of the countries of the world and their unique
characteristics.
The Ecology and Weaknesses of Fittoan Monsters, which detailed the various monstrous creatures
in the Fittoa Region, where they lived, and how to deal with them.
A Textbook of Magic, a wizard's manual of attack spells, ranging from Beginner to Advanced
Spells.
"I'm guessing you're going to be focusing on that, in particular." - Rimuru
"Yeah.*
The Legend of Perugius, a fairytale about a summoner named Perugius and his companions, who
battle a demon and save the world.
"It's weird seeing that when I know Perugius now personally."
"How did that happen?!" - Paul.
"You'll see.. It's a long story, actually.
The Three Swordsmen and the Labyrinth, a tale of adventure where three master swordsmen of
different styles head into the depths of the titular labyrinth.
Rudeus loved reading these books, especially the book about magic. After all, magic was something
that did not exist in his original world, so he was eager to learn all about it.
"Yep, we're focusing on the magic.l alright." - Rimuru
The book taught him the fundamentals of magic in the world. First, there are three types of magic
in the world: attack magic, healing magic, and summoning magic.
"Nothing about utility?" - Leen
"Yeah, our magic is mostly used in combat."
Second, one can only use magic through drawing from magical power, either through one's innate
magical power or through a magical instrument.
Third, there are two ways to use magic, incantations and magic circles.
"All of that's pretty basic so far." - Souma
"Yeah, all of that are just how most magic works!" - Subaru
"It is all pretty basic, now that I really think of it."

And finally, the amount of magic power that a person has is fixed since birth, and almost everyone
is stuck where they are in terms of magical capacity.
"Hahahahahahahahaha! How wrong that was..."
Many were bewildered by my sudden laughter and denial, but just continued to focus on the screen.
For the time being, Rudeus decided to study the basics of magic, because he was so fascinated by it.
He then conjured up a Waterball spell with an incantation, but in his second try, after focusing his
magical power internally, he managed to conjure a Waterball without an incantation, much to his
shock. He then began to theorize that incantations are an automatic trigger for magic, which is
much easier to teach and learn than the silent spellcasting he just did.
"To think that you broke such a fundamental component of magic so easily, Rudy..." - Roxy
"I guess it's because I'm from another world with no initial preconceptions on what magic is. Besides,
Sylphie was way more talented than me in silent spell-casting."
"E-Eh?! I was?!" - Sylphie
"Yeah, when we get to that part, you'll see."
"Is silent spell-casting really that impressive?" - Rio
"Indeed. It is exceptionally rare, with only few of the most powerful mages in the world being capable of
doing it. When combined with Rudeus's monstrous magical reserves, he can be considered one of, if not,
the most powerful mage in the world currently." - Orsted
I kinda blushed at him praising me like that, because praise from him is nothing to scoff at. Meanwhile,
the others simply looked at me with awe.
"Monstrous magical reserves? For you to say something like that..." - Ariel
"You will see." - Orsted
He had maybe theorized that he had a special talent, but denied it instantly, thinking that silent
spellcasting was just something that can be done with practice.
"That is a good mindset to have." - Rimuru
"Yeah. Believing that you have some special talent and that you are special because of that will bring you
to ruin." - Subaru
I know that very well... - Subaru
The bitter words of Subaru reminded us of how he acted in the beginning, and what happened to him as a
result. All of us became bitter as well at the reminder.
After this, though, he became incredibly lethargic, and concluded that he must have run out of
magical power and concluded that it was his limit. He then tried to cast one after that, but he
passed out after that.
"So that's why you said the fact about magical reserves being fixed at birth was a lie?" - Crusch
"To be honest, that whole thing was misleading in the first place. Magical reserves do grow naturally
without practice, but they only grow naturally in childhood. Once a person reaches ten years old, their

magical reserves stops growing, and they will never grow despite how much you train them once you get
to that point. The reason why there is this misunderstanding is because no child would actually train with
their magic at such a young age, and no one will actually train a child to practice their magic, so everyone
just interpreted that as just everyone having a fixed amount of magical reserves at birth."
Everyone simply nodded at my explanation.
After that though, the amount of Waterball that he can cast increased to double the amount he
could last time, then it increased even more after that. His questions about magic increased with
this outcome, as now he realized that the amount of magical power a person could have isn't fixed
at birth at all.
With this in mind, he decided to increase his magical power by continuously casting Waterball
every single day, as well as teaching himself more beginner spells.
Little did I know, this practice was a lot more significant than I thought.
In this world, spells are ranked into seven levels of difficulty: Beginner, Intermediate, Advanced,
Saint, King, Imperial, and Divine levels. Rudeus hopes that he could at least reach Saint level.
"And you reached farther than that." - Roxy
"Yes, and it's all thanks to you."
"D-Don't flatter me, Rudy!" - Roxy
"Oh, but I'm not flattering you! I'm only giving you the respect you deserve!"
With that dream in mind, he decided to buckle down and practice using Waterball every single day
to the point of exhaustion to further increase his magic power.
"That must have been exhausting and boring. Just casting the same spell over and over again." - Subaru
"Yeah, it was, but I can't deny the results were excellent."
It was when Rudeus turned three years old that his magic training progressed.
At first, he kept his magic training a secret from his family, given that he had no idea what
everyone thought of a kid learning magic, so he didn't tell anyone about his magic training for now.
"The fact that they didn't complain at all about you lugging that book around was all the answer you
needed." - Rimuru
"Look, I was just being cautious, okay?"
"Being cautious is important, but too much caution is a bad thing." - Lugh
Why do I feel attacked by that statement? - Ainz
At this point, his room was now filled with buckets of water formed from Rudeus's continuous
casting of Waterball. Because his magical reserves had increased a decent amount in his own
estimate, he decided to move on to Intermediate spells. Specifically, he decided to cast a basic
Water Cannon spell, thinking that it wouldn't have much of a difference to a Waterball. He was
quickly proven wrong when his spell launched an impressive amount of water that blew a massive
hole into the wall.

"Way to keep the magic a secret..." - Touya
"What happened to those buckets of water, anyway?" - Subaru
"Well, we used them, of course! I was wondering where all the buckets of water where coming from, but
I guess I didn't have to complain about not having to get some from the well..." - Zenith
"You were all way too clueless..." - Rimuru
"Yeah, they should have been more suspicious." - Nanahoshi
"They only noticed when he had already blown an entire hole in the house." - Hinata
"That spell shouldn't have been that powerful." - Cliff
"Obviously, his spell went out of control, or maybe it's because it was just Rudeus casting it." Nanahoshi
Obviously, his entire family took notice, and Rudeus adopted an apologetic behavior in case he had
done something wrong. Instead, Zenith was overjoyed, thought that her son was a genius, and
immediately told Paul that they should hire a magical tutor. They had an argument with this, given
that they had a prior agreement that if they had a son, they should teach him to use the sword, and
if they had a daughter, they'll teach her magic.
"That's kinda arbitrary, don't you think? Women can be swordsmen too, look at Hinata over there. Plus,
men can be mages too." - Rimuru
"It really was just a silly agreement." - Zenith
"Knowing what I know now, I was always going to be a mage no matter what you two agreed upon."
"Why do you say that, Rudy?" - Paul
"I can't use Touki."
"You can't?!" - Paul
"Yeah, no matter how hard I try, I can't. It's impossible for me. Even Orsted said so."
"What is Touki?" - Celia
"It's a technique used to increase one's physical capabilities. Basically, it's what powers up physical
warriors to keep up with mages. I can't use it, so I can't be a powerful swordsman."
"Do you know why that is?" - Lugh
"That's a spoiler, so I can't."
Eventually, the fight was broken up by Lilia telling them to teach him magic in the morning and
swordplay in the afternoons.
"So Lilia-san is basically the voice of reason..." - Satsuki
Unfortunately, no, she is not.

They did as Zenith said and hired a magic tutor for Rudeus. At first, Rudeus thought that it was
going to be some wise old man, but instead, it was a blue-haired girl wearing oversized robes and a
large hat who looked like a middle-schooler. In his mind, Rudeus immediately thought that she, a
gloomy-looking loli, was his type.
"Oh really?" - Rimuru
"Well, it's not my type anymore, but this just feels really nostalgic now."
Meanwhile, Roxy simply blushed and looked to the side. I wanted to tease her then, but decided not to.
"The gloomy looking girls, huh?" - Nanahoshi
Is that why this guy was looking at me strangely, at first? - Nanahoshi
"So what's your type now, Rudeus-san?" - Satsuki
"A girl who gets me out of trouble."
"That's strangely specific." - Subaru
"Oh, you'll see why."
"Anyway, to think that a girl who will eventually become one of your wives was your teacher, huh? What
a strange twist of fate." - Ariel
"And she is the best teacher there is, I tell you."
"Please stop embarrassing me like thag, Rudy..." - Roxy
So cute!
The girl, who introduced herself as Roxy Migurdia, asked who she was tutoring, and the parents
both pointed to Rudy. The girl complained under her breath, thinking that these were just parents
who got carried away thinking that their kid had a special talent in magic, but still agreed to teach
him.
"And I was proven so wrong." - Roxy
"Well, I'm glad I managed to exceed your expectations."
"You really did." - Roxy
For their first lesson, Roxy asks Rudeus to demonstrate how he uses his magic first, then
demonstrated her own magic by firing it off on a tree. Rudeus said that the tree was his mother's
and that she would be upset if it was broken, so Roxy hurriedly fixed the tree.
"I'm really glad you fixed that tree, Roxy." - Zenith
She was smiling, but her smile didn't reach her eyes. It was terrifying. Evidently, Roxy felt that way as
well, given that she hurriedly apologized to her even if it had happened so many years ago.
Then, it was Rudeus's turn, but he accidentally skipped the incantation of the spell, which led to
Roxy discovering that he can use spellcasting. This, of course, led to Roxy realizing that Rudy was
worth teaching, after all. Their lesson continued after that.

"It was so surprising seeing such talent. He really proved me wrong." - Roxy
I simply puffed out my chest in pride as my beloved teacher praised me.
I guess I'm finally getting the answer as to why Rudy respects Roxy so much. - Sylphie
On that night, the entire Greyrat household held a party to celebrate Roxy's first day in the house,
and in that instant, Rudeus made a pledge for himself.
My former self had died full of regret, died feeling frustrated at his powerlessness and how he'd never
accomplished anything. But now I knew all of my missteps. With all the knowledge and experience
from my past life, I could finally do it.
I could finally live life right.
*****
"That was... refreshing, to say the least." Rimuru remarked as the viewing ended.
"It was quite uneventful." - Rio
"I could do without being disgusted by Rudeus's pervertedness, though." Hinata scrunched up her face in
disgust.
Sorry, but that wish is not going to be granted at all.
"I would prefer this over seeing Subaru's suffering, that's for sure." Souma commented .
"Unfortunately, we're going to be seeing a lot of that in the future." Rio said.
"Now that we've seen Rudeus's beginnings, the next one is going to be Ainz Ooal Gown!" the Everlasting
announced.
When they said that, I could swear that the glowing red orbs in Ainz's eyeholes brightened considerably.
"Here it comes."
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

(A/N: It's jarring how short this one was compared to the last two, but considering this just covers
material for the first episode of the anime, I can understand why.

Also, I just realized how uneventful Rudy's beginnings in the world are compared to the others, so
that made this even more shorter.

Anyway, that's the reaction! I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, and now, Ainz Ooal Gown will be
shown in all of its terrific glory next time!

Oh, and speaking of, do you guys want me to include another isekai on the theater? If you want to,
tell me what I'll include here!

These are the isekais I will NOT consider:

Konosuba
Shield Hero
So I'm a Spider, So What? (I did include it originally, but decided not to)

Anyway, that's all! Feel free to comment if you want another isekai on the theater, and if you want
to, tell which isekai you want it to be!)

Chapter 6: Beginnings Chapter 4: Evil Has Arrived...?
Chapter Summary

This one is about the undead ruler, Ainz Ooal Gown! From a simple salaryman, he becomes the
ruler of the most powerful force in the new world. A den of monsters and fiends, ready to do their
lord's bidding.
Yet, it turns out that this guy is an actual dork.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ainz's POV
"Now we will see Ainz-sama in all his glory!" Albedo said proudly.
As I expected, my subordinates all cheered at the announcement that it would be my adventures coming
next. Meanwhile, I was growing ever nervous about their cheers, considering all of the secrets that will
be revealed soon in the theater.
"Wow, these guys sure are loyal to you." Rimuru remarked as he looked at everyone from my world.
"Of course! Ainz-sama is the greatest of all of the Supreme Beings!" Shalltear said. Strangely enough,
nobody got offended by her proclamation despite what I had thought. Maybe they were just intrigued at
what she meant by Supreme Beings.
"So, a discussion..." Rimuru said, referring to the previous viewing.
"There's not really that much to talk about, except..." Hinata Sakaguchi turned towards Sylphiette.
"...does Rudeus improve later on?"
She was most certainly referring to his perversion.
"Don't worry, he does." she replied with a smile on her face. "I won't say he loses it, but he certainly isn't
as bad as before."
"I see. Seeing his perversion was just incredibly unbearable. If I had to watch more of that in the future, I
would be extremely annoyed." she said.
"I really don't know what to say to that..." Rudeus muttered.
"Oh yeah, do you know what the cause of your reincarnation was, Rudeus?" Subaru suddenly asked, and
everyone else expressed surprise at the question.
"That's actually a good question. We know that being transported to the Cardinal World, where Rimuru
came from, is a common occurrence, while in Subaru's case, we can reasonably infer who brought him to
that world." Souma said while glancing at Satella. "What about you, Rudeus? What is the cause of your
reincarnation?"

"I have no idea. The foremost expert in summoning in our world considered summoning things from
another world as impossible. Nanahoshi only learned that it was possible through our constant research.
Still, we have no idea about what caused my reincarnation." he said. "Who knows, maybe we'll find our
answers in this theater."
"I see." Souma said.
"Do you... hate your family from your previous world, Rudy?" Roxy asked him.
"Nah. It was honestly all my fault that they acted that way. In fact, one of my brothers tried to save me
from being a shut-in. It's a shame I haven't thanked him for his efforts... I wish I could." he said with a
sad look on his face.
"If you really want to thank them, do it by living your life to the fullest without regrets." Subaru said with
a distant look on his face.
"That's the goal in the first place." Rudeus grinned, and Subaru grinned back.
These two... are getting along strangely well.
"If you were once Rudeus's teacher, how did you become his wife?" Rimuru asked.
"Ah, that is frankly a long and complicated story that I don't want to get into right now. Let's just say that
the process involved me committing a great sin." Rudeus replied, much to everyone's confusion.
What did he mean by that, I wonder?
"It is quite fascinating how different every protagonist has been so far." Echidna said. "Rimuru Tempest,
Natsuki Subaru, and Rudeus Greyrat. Each of them had a different beginning to their journey. That much
is obvious, but I still find it all extremely interesting."
"I think that goes to everyone here, really." Luminous said. "Every one of these individuals will have a
unique start to their adventures in their respective other worlds that will make them stand out for the
rest."
"I really don't know if that's a good thing in my case." Subaru scratched his head.
"You know, as horrible as your ability is, at the very least it allows you to get the best possible outcome.
That's a luxury none of us have." Rudeus said while staring sadly at the screen, as if remembering sad
memories of his life. "I wonder what I would have done if I had an ability like that..."
"Trust me, you don't want to have an ability like this." Subaru said grimly. "The torment is far too much
for anyone to bear..."
A silence then befell the theater, which led to the Everlasting speaking once more.
"Now that that brief discussion is over, it is now time for the beings from the Overlord world to introduce
themselves!" they said.
"My name is Albedo, the leader of the floor guardians of the Great Tomb of Nazarick and the one who
dearly loves Ainz-sama~"
"Don't say anything unnecessary, Albedo." I said almost instinctively, while everyone had their eyebrows
raised.

"M-My apologies, Ainz-sama." she said, and I felt slightly guilty at her sad expression, and decided to
address that later.
"That's right! I am the one who loves Ainz-sama the most!" Shalltear said, making the situation worse.
"As I said, don't say anything unnecessary." I said once more, causing her to apologize as well.
"I'm betting that this "Great Tomb of Nazarick" is some sort of video game location, I swear." Subaru
muttered.
"Even as an undead, the guy still has woman problems, huh? I kinda feel bad for him." Touya remarked.
"Ahem, Anyway, I am Shalltear Bloodfallen, the guardian of the first through third floors of the Great
Tomb of Nazarick."
"I-Isn't s-she way too big?!" the silver-haired girl sitting near Rio said while staring at Shalltear.
"Hah! Don't be fooled by her appearance! She merely stuffs her chest to make it appear big!" Albedo said
triumphantly, as if trying to take revenge for what happened earlier.
"Albedo! You...!" Shalltear replied, utterly enraged. Meanwhile, all the... petite girls in the theater had a
collective sigh of relief at this information.
"I see. I thought..." Roxy muttered while blushing.
"To think she would apply such trickery..." the petite girl with fairy wings near Touya also muttered.
"The hell...?" Souma said.
"That's just sad..." Subaru whispered.
"Floor guardians, huh? This is sounding more and more like a game dungeon." Rimuru muttered under
his breath.
"I AM COCYTUS, THE GUARDIAN OF THE FIFTH FLOOR OF NAZARICK!"
"My name is Aura Bella Fiora, one of the two guardians of the sixth floor of the Great Tomb of
Nazarick!"
"I-I am M-Mare Bello Fiore, one of the t-two guardians of the s-sixth floor of the Great Tomb of
Nazarick!"
"Why are they dressed the opposite of their gender?" Rimuru asked.
"Their creator dressed them that way... That is all I'm going to say for now." I said.
"It's a pleasure to meet everyone here. I am Demiurge, the floor guardian of the seventh floor of the Great
Tomb of Nazarick."
"I am Pandora's Actor! The guardian of the treasury of the Great Tomb of Nazarick and Ainz-sama is
mein schöpfer!"
"Wait, what?" Subaru said out loud.
"He said "my creator". So Ainz created you?" Lugh asked Pandora's Actor.

"Ja! Indeed!" he said.
"I am Sebas Tian, the butler of the Great Tomb of Nazarick."
"Someone was definitely very unoriginal with his name..." Rudeus whispered.
"You're not wrong, but to be fair, calling him anything else would have been a crime." Rimuru replied.
"A butler? Why?" Souma asked.
"You'll see in these viewings." I replied.
"I am Aureole Omega, area guardian of the Cherry Blossom Domain and the leader of the Pleiades Battle
Maids of the Great Tomb of Nazarick."
I'm quite surprised that she is here, but I guess as the leader of the Pleiades maids, she is quite needed as
well.
"Pleiades, huh? What a wild coincidence." Subaru said.
"Hm, yes, I forgot to comment on it. Quite the coincidence, indeed." I said as I realized what he was
talking about.
"Oh yeah, Subaru means Pleiades in our language, right?" Rimuru said.
"Is that so?" Anastasia Hoshin remarked. "Just like the Pleiades Watchtower in our world, huh?"
"Wait, there's something like that in our world?!" Subaru asked in shock.
"It's where I am currently sealed." Satella said, which caused discomfort in the people of the "Return"
world.
"Ah, I see." Subaru nodded.
"I am Yuri Alpha, member of the Pleiades Battle Maids."
"I'm Lupusregina Beta, member of the Pleiades Battle Maids!"
"I am Narberal Gamma, a member of the Pleiades Battle Maids."
"My name is CZ2128 Delta, a member of the Pleaides Battle Maids."
"What's with the weird numbers in her name?" Rimuru asked.
"Her race is an automaton." I answered his question.
"Ah, I see." Rimuru said.
"Races, huh?" Souma whispered.
"My name is Solution Epsilon, a member of the Pleiades Battle Maids."
"I am Entoma Vasilissa Zeta, a member of the Pleiades Battle Maids."
"Now that that is all over with, it's time for us to begin watching Ainz's beginning! Oh, but before that,
though..." they snapped their fingers. There was no noticeable change at first, but then I felt my

nervousness grow even further, to the point where I should have been forcibly calmed down, but I didn't.
I then realized what they did to me.
"That's right, I removed your emotional suppressor!" they said.
Many glanced at me, but decided not to ask anything, knowing that they'll get their answers in the theater
anyway, or maybe they figured out what it was. Meanwhile, I was quite interested to see where this goes.
"Before the viewing begins, I would like to give an order to my subordinates." I said, causing them to
tense up. "My dear subordinates, I would like all of you to exercise restraint. I will not allow you to
attack anyone who insults me in any way! Am I making myself clear?"
My voice was sterner than usual, prompting every one of them to flinch.
"I would like there to be discourse and discussion in the theater regarding our adventures. I do not care
for any insult coming my way, so if you try to stop any discourse happening simply because I was
insulted in some way, then I will punish you."
"Y-Yes, Ainz-sama!" Everyone said. I then nodded, and turned to the Everlasting.
"Now then, let's watch!"
*****
It was the year 2138. A man named Suzuki Satoru was seen walking in the darkened streets of
Japan, and it did not look good. The air looked obviously contaminated, the crowds that littered
the streets looked forlorn and downtrodden, and buildings belonging to megacorporations loomed
over them like an oppressive force. Satoru glanced at the sidewalk, and there were dead homeless
children around. Being used to the sight, he simply walked on, though looking bitter about what he
had just seen. Eventually, he reached his small apartment.
"Woah!" - Subaru
"2138, huh? That is way too far into the future." - Rimuru
"That's the future in your respective worlds?" - Yumina
"Yeah. I came from Japan around 2013, I guess?" - Touya
"I was summoned around 2014." - Subaru
"Oh, I was from 2014, too!" - Rudeus
I am 2014 as well, but I can't say that out loud. There will be too many questions from them. - Rio
"I'm from 2016." - Teacher.
"I was from 2017, if I recall correctly." - Rimuru
"I was from 2018." - Souma
"I'm the most recent, then. I'm from 2019." - Lugh
The non-otherworlders were fascinated by the years they had come from.
"Anyway, so that Suzuki Satoru is you, Ainz?" - Rimuru

"Yes."
Naturally, everyone from my world was shocked.
"A-Ainz-sama was once human..." - Shalltear
"That was surprising..." - Aureole Omega
"Hm. I wonder what happened to him." - Demiurge
Hm, the reaction was more subdued than I thought. Maybe they just didn't care too much about that?
When it came time for them to see my environment, as well as those dead homeless children on the road,
their expressions visibly darken.
"Is this some sort of dystopian society or something?!" - Subaru
"Damn, that sucks!" - Touya
"Those poor children..." - Celia
"I wonder what happened..." - Rudeus
"Nothing good, that's for sure." - Rimuru
"You know, the the saddest thing about this is that he's used to seeing them now. You don't want to be
used to seeing people like that." - Subaru
Something I can terribly relate to. - Subaru
Everyone from his world look at him with concern after that.
There was a VR machine strapped to a chair inside his bedroom, and after eating a small meal, he
strapped himself in the device and logged in to Yggdrasil .
In the year 2138, there exists something called a "DMMO-RPG."
This stands for "Dive Massively Multiplayer Online Role-Playing Game. "While connected via an
intracranial nanocomputer network called a "neuro-nano interface," which combines the best of
cyber- and nanotechnology, players experience physical sensations as if they were really inhabiting an
imaginary world.
In other words, you play as if you're actually in the world of the game.
And among all the various DMMO-RPGs that had been developed, one stood above the rest.
Yggdrasil.
"I knew it! You all came from some sort of video game!" - Subaru
"So it's one of those VR stuff, huh? Considering it's 2138, I can see it happening." - Rimuru
Meanwhile, I noticed many of the non-otherworlders look stumped at the concept of DMMO-RPGs, let
alone video games. This then led to the otherworlders explaining the concept the best they can to their
companions.

As they heard their explanations, the denizens of Nazarick was stunned. They could never fully
comprehend what they were saying, but the amount they could comprehend led to them becoming silent.
I really hope I could explain things clearly to them later.
It had been released twelve years earlier, in 2126, by a Japanese developer who had been waiting for
just the right moment. Compared to other DMMO-RPGs at the time, Yggdrasil gave players an
incredible amount of freedom.
For example, consider the class system, a fundamental element of character customization. Counting
the advanced classes as well as the base ones, there were well over two thousand. Since each class had
only 15 levels, players could have seven or more classes by the time they hit the overall level cap of
100. As long as they met the basic requirements, they could dabble as they pleased. Though it would be
inefficient, a player could acquire one hundred classes at level 1 if they wanted to.
In other words, the system was such that, unless they were deliberately created that way, no two
characters would ever be the same.
"That's incredible!" - Rimuru
"That's so cool!" - Touya
"A game like that wil definitely become popular." - Subaru
Then, by using the creator's tool kit—sold separately—players could edit the appearance of their
weapons and armor, as well as the advanced settings of their in-game residences.
The environment awaiting players who ventured into this world was enormous. In fact, there were
nine worlds: Asgard, Alfheim, Vanaheim,Nidavellir, Midgard, Jotunheim, Niflheim, Helheim, and
Muspelheim. A vast world, a staggering number of classes, and graphics that could be tweaked to
one's heart's content—it was precisely the amount of customization that poured nitroglycerin onto the
Japanese creative spirit and led to the game's explosive popularity. It got to the point where in Japan
the word DMMO-RPG was practically synonymous with Yggdrasil.
But that was all in the past now...
As Suzuki logged in to the game, he was met with a familiar sight. An extravagant room, and in the
center of it was an ornate table with an obsidian gleam, surrounded by forty-one seats. However,
most of them were empty except for two. One was Satoru, now Momonga, an overlord lich wearing
a raven-black robe with purple and gold trim and a black halo shining ominously beside him.
"Momonga? I thought your name is Ainz Ooal Gown?" - Lugh
"I changed my name. It will be explained later."
The other was an amorphous black blob that was constantly shifting surface. His name was
HeroHero.
"HeroHero-sama..." - Solution
It was the first time I saw such a melancholic expression on Solution's face. This was the first time she's
seen her creator in a while, so of course she would feel this way.
Man, I wish I had been more persuasive in letting him stay... He would have been able to escape his
horrible job if I had been better at convincing him to stay until the end...

Since it had been a long time since the two had met, they began to catch up on what the both of
them were doing since they last met. HeroHero casually explained about his job, which had been a
hazard to his health and sanity because of doing so much overtime. HeroHero complained about
everything in his job, and Momonga just listened.
I could see the expressions of many in the theater getting more bitter at what they are hearing from
HeroHero.
"The guy's working in a black company, huh? How unfortunate." - Rimuru
"Damn, the guy's life is horrible..." - Subaru
"I feel bad for him." - Rudeus
"To think he would work in such conditions..." - Crusch
"How terrible..." - Erika
To the denizens of Nazarick, I'm sure it must have been fascinating seeing the two of us talk like this.
Hearing about our lives outside of Yggdrasil must have been really fascinating for them.
Is this what happened to Ainz-sama, too? Is this why he decided to stay with us instead of staying as a
human? To think our Supreme Beings will be treated like this! Humans truly are lowly and disgusting. Albedo
Talking about one's real life in a fantasy world was frowned on by many. "Please keep your reality out
of my daydream" was certainly an understandable sentiment, but these two didn't feel that way.
There were two requirements that all the members of their guild, Ainz Ooal Gown, had to meet. One
was that members had to be working adults, and the other was that they had to play grotesques.
"That's interesting..." - Rimuru
"Ah, so Ainz Ooal Gown is the name of your guild in the game. Did you change your name to Ainz Ooal
Gown to bear the burdens and the name of the guild?" - Souma
"You are correct, but that is not the exact cause for me changing my name."
Since that's the type of guild it was, real-life work woes were a common topic of discussion, which was
fine with the members. The conversation these two were having was an everyday occurrence in Ainz
Ooal Gown.
HeroHero then apologized to Momonga for complaining, but the lich simply waved it off, telling
him that since he went out of his way to accept his invitation, he may as well listen to all of his
complaints as recompense.
The slime thanked him for his consideration, but after checking something, he decided to log out as
it was getting late and he still needed to work. Keeping his emotions steady, Momonga bid him
farewell, and thanked him for coming. HeroHero remarked that he was surprised that the guild
was still standing.
"No..." - Solution
Every one of the denizens in Nazarick looked at her with sympathy and sadness. Seeing her creator return
momentarily and leave left her feeling melancholic. It was enought to make me feel even more guilty
about this.

"My apologies, Solution. If only I had persuaded him to stay a little longer..."
"T-There is no need for you to apologize, Ainz-sama! This is not your fault!" - Solution
"As the guild master, you kept it going so we could come back anytime, didn't you? I really appreciate
that."
"Oh? You were the guild master, huh?" - Rimuru
"Yes, though that really didn't mean anything. The guild mostly decided things through majority votes, so
my guild master title only applies for administrative duties. Still though, I am the leader of the guild,
through and through."
"Well, we all built it together, you know? Making sure members can come back anytime is the guild
master's job!"
"I think having you as our guild master was what made this game so fun for us. I hope to see you
again...in Yggdrasil II !"
"I haven't heard any rumors about a sequel...but yeah, I hope so, too."
"If it happens, let's definitely play together! Anyhow, I'm falling asleep here, so I'm gonna log off. I'm
glad I got to see you at the end like this. It's been great playing with you."
"..."
Momonga choked up for just a moment. Then he managed his final good-bye .
"I'm glad I got to see you, too. Nice playing with you."
Ba-ding! A smiley emoticon appeared over HeroHero's head. In Yggdrasil, expressions didn't change,
so players used emoticons when they wanted to convey emotions. Momonga opened his menu and
picked the same emoticon. HeroHero got the last word in.
"See you again somewhere."
I was saddened again, seeing all of this again. I was filled with so much regret and longing, wishing that,
at the very least, they had managed to stay at the very end.
That is probably the last time Ainz ever saw him again, huh? That's really sad. - Subaru
I noticed that Solution was silently shedding tears. After momentarily wondering how a slime could ever
shed tears, I felt that I could relate to her, considering everything that had just happened.
With that, HeroHero left, leaving Momonga alone once more. Momonga tried to plead with him to
stay until the end, but it was too late. Enraged at the apparent abandonment of his friends, he
slammed the table of the conference room hard. However, he took his words back, as he knew
nobody had betrayed him at all.
"This is the Great Tomb of Nazarick! We built it together! How can you all abandon it so easily?"
After the intense anger came loneliness. "No...I know that's not right. I know it wasn't easy at all.
They were just forced to choose between reality and a daydream. It's not something they could help.
No one betrayed us at all. It was a hard decision for everybody..." Momonga muttered to himself as he
stood up.
"That's right. Nobody was abandoned, nobody was betrayed. What happened was simply a tragedy."

"Ainz-sama..." - Albedo
"I guess I should explain everything to you, then. To us, the members of Ainz Ooal Gown, Yggdrasil, the
Great Tomb of Nazarick, and all of you were not real. You were all simply a result of our fantasies, and
imaginations. That world you saw earlier were our reality. All of this were just a dream, a dream for us to
indulge in to escape our horrible reality. We all had fun, we made memories, and we all enjoyed being
with you. Eventually, everyone had to wake up from their dreams."
Everyone fell silent, listening to my explanation.
"They all chose their reality, because they knew that this dream, Yggdrasil, will not last forever. And it
didn't. It ended, and I was the only one left because I could cling to my dreams for as long as I could.
After all, my reality consisted of me eating, sleeping, and working. If only all of us knew that our dreams
would become reality, we would never have tried waking up. That's right. No one abandoned the guild. It
was simply unfortunate circumstance."
Needless to say, all of the denizens of Nazarick were stunned and saddened by the revelation. Somehow,
thought, I could feel that they all had burdens lifted off their shoulders.
Did they really believe that we abandoned them because they were incompetent? We would never do such
a thing!
He gazed at the Staff of Ainz Ooal Gown, the guild's very own Guild Weapon. In the game, Guild
Weapons are the symbols and the heart of a guild. If the Guild Weapon is destroyed, the guild
collapses, so it is put in a safe place, where its abilities remain untested.
He then reminisced about the glory days of Ainz Ooal Gown. Everyone was having fun, chatting,
doing quests, and almost getting killed by World Enemies. There were too many memories
engraved in the Staff, and he didn't want to tarnish them.
The protagonists in the theater all shared a look of sympathy with me. The feeling of having fun with
friends and making memories with them is something that everyone can relate to.
However, he had a rebellious feeling inside of him as well. After equipping himself with his items,
he decided to wield the Staff for the first time, planning to say his farewells to Yggdrasil with
dignity as the guildmaster of Ainz Ooal Gown.
He then began to roam the tomb, visiting the various locations inside it.
It was a majestic, ornate world reminiscent of Neuschwanstein Castle.
Chandeliers hung at regular intervals, shining warm light from the high ceilings. The polished floor
of the wide hallway reflected the light as marble would, gleaming as if it were full of stars. Upon
opening any of the doors to the right or left, the grandeur of the furnishings inside would take one's
breath away. If any nonmember came here, they'd be amazed—amazed that such luxury could exist in
this legendary place, the notorious Great Tomb of Nazarick, where the largest army in the game's
history (an alliance of eight guilds, plus other affiliated guilds, mercenary players, mercenary nonplayer characters (NPCs), and so on, for a total of 1,500 men) had once arrived on a punitive
expedition only to be completely wiped out.
"It's so beautiful..." - Petra
"So amazing..." - Sue
"I wish I could see all of that with my own eyes." - Celia

"That's impressive. You and your friends really did a good job with that place, Ainz." - Rimuru
"It is a beautiful place." - Souma
My heart swelled with pride seeing everyone praise the hard work of me and my friends. It filled me with
satisfaction and joy.
"Damn, 1500 players, and they failed?! You guys must be really strong, then!" - Touya
"Ainz Ooal Gown is one hell of an impressive guild." - Subaru
"We were one of the most infamous guilds in the game for a reason."
The Great Tomb of Nazarick was originally constructed with six levels, but after Ainz Ooal Gown
conquered it, it was dramatically transformed. At present, there were ten underground levels, each
with its own distinct features. Levels one through three made up the grave. The fourth was an
underground lake. Five was a glacier. Six was a jungle. Seven was lava. Eight was wilderness. Nine
and ten were a shrine. This was the headquarters of a guild that broke the top ten back in an era when
there were thousands, the guild of Ainz Ooal Gown.
"I really wish we could explore that guild ourselves!" - Rimuru
"I'm sure everything will look so beautiful." - Teacher
"You know, I could create a replica of Nazarick and have all of you explore it once these sets of episodes
end!" - Everlasting
"Really?!" - Lucia
"Yeah, though I still have to ask Ainz for his permission, of course." - Everlasting
"Let them. I want everyone to enjoy the hard work of me and my friends."
He then encountered the maids of Ainz Ooal Gown and admired their beauty. He reminisced about
the efforts the guild members made to the maids. After checking the time, he briefly thanked the
maids for their hard work and continued onwards.
It didn't take long for him to reach the final floor. Before he reached the throne room, he first saw
Sebas as well as the Pleiades Battle Maids. It was their job to stall the invaders before the members
waited in the throne room for their last stand. Knowing that it was the last day, and feeling bad
that they had nothing to do, decided to order them to accompany him to the throne room.
"Thank you for doing such a thing to us, Ainz-sama." - Sebas
"It is nothing, Sebas."
The Pleiades Maids there also expressed their gratitude at me.
He then passed another room, which was named the Lemegeton after the famous grimoire, the
Lesser Key of Solomon. This room was filled with monsters, meant to be Nazarick's last line of
defense. After that, he entered the throne room.
There, he was met with the sight of the Tomb's magnificent throne room. On the pillars on both
sides of the throne room hang the flags symbolizing the 41 members of the guild. After observing
them in nostalgia, he went straight to the throne and sat there, then he noticed the leader of the
NPC Floor Guardians, Albedo, standing idly at his side.

He scrutinized her, finding it strange that she had a World Item on hand but decided to respect the
wishes of the person giving it to her. After ordering Sebas and the maids to stand by, he began
reading through Albedo's backstory.
"A World Item?" - Rimuru
"These are the strongest items in the game of Yggdrasil. The one Albedo is holding is named the
Ginunggagap, which is capable of destroying large areas, and is useful against physical objects."
"Ah, I see." - Rimuru
What do you think, Raphael? - Rimuru
<Answer. Due to the certain limitations, it is difficult to analyze the item. With my current analysis, it
can safely be concluded that World Items are powerful enough to be at least considered LegendaryGrade items, or even Mythical-Grade.>
They must seriously be powerful, then. Thanks, Raphael-sensei. - Rimuru
It was extremely long. Momonga remembered that the one who created her was Tabula
Smaragdina, a player that was known for his habit of writing long backstories, being a fan of
anything eccentric and strange, as well as gap moe. The love for gap moe in particular was
highlighted in Albedo who was, while demure and gentle on the outside, was a bitch on the inside.
The guild master simply sighed at this, and after moments of deliberation and consideration,
decided to change it.
"That backstory is, uhh..." - Touya
"...questionable..." - Rimuru
"I kinda feel bad for Albedo-san..." - Rudeus
My embarrassment began creeping up to the surface, and this time, there was no emotional suppressor to
calm me back down.
This is so bad...
Why do I feel like something really embarrassing is going to happen? - Subaru
Momonga pointed his staff. Usually, one would need the creator's tool kit to edit bios, but he could
access them with his guild master privileges. Couple menu inputs later and the sentence about being a
"bitch" was gone. "I guess that'll do." Then, he thought for a moment and looked at the space he'd
opened up. Maybe I should put something in there...
"This is so stupid." Momonga winced at his own idea and input the characters via the menu keyboard.
It was a short sentence:
"And she's in love with Momonga."
"Wait, what?!" - Rudeus
"Hahahahahahahahahaha! So that's how it is, huh?" - Rimuru
"That's embarrassing!" - Subaru
"Oh no... This is just..." - Souma

I don't know how I can defend myself without hurting Albedo's feelings in the process...
"I'm really sorry about this, Albedo. I corrupted you..."
"I already told you that I am fine with it, Ainz-sama. I prefer this over what was written for me
originally." - Albedo
Her demeanor was a lot more serious here than last time. She was probably still recovering from the
truths she had encountered earlier.
"Ugh, how embarrassing." He put his hands over his face. He felt he might collapse due to sheer
mortification, as if he'd made up his own ideal lover and written a romance about it. He fidgeted. He
was so embarrassed he considered changing it again, but he decided it was okay.
After a few moments of sheer embarrassment, he observed the NPCs and found that their posture
was lacking, so he ordered them all to kneel to him. He then looked at all the flags of his guildmates
and listed off their names as he pointed to them one by one. He then began to reminisce once more,
as melancholy washed over him.
He then looked at the time and saw that it was nearly over. Yggdrasil was about to have its server
shutdown. His fantasy world, the one that represented all of the good times he had with his friends,
were about to disappear.
Considering how shitty his Japan was, I can't blame him for being sad about the game disappearing... Subaru
This is how he gets transported, huh? - Rudeus
I sincerely wish you had been with me, waiting in the throne room as well, my friends...
There was almost no time left. His fantasy world was ending, and soon all his days would be spent in
reality. It's only natural. Humans can't live in a daydream. That's why everyone left. Momonga
sighed.
As my thoughts there mirrored my words earlier, my subordinates all had expressions of melancholy at
the tragic circumstances that befell us.
He had to be up at four tomorrow morning. If he didn't go to bed as soon as the servers went down, it
would affect his work.
23:59:35, 36, 37...
Momonga counted down along with the numbers.
23:59:48, 49, 50...
He closed his eyes.
23:59:58, 59—
He counted the moments as they ticked off the clock...to the end of his fantasy... Here comes the
blackout—
0:00:00... One, two, three...

Naturally, Momonga was terribly confused by the fact that the game hadn't shut down yet. He
immediately tried to think of reasons why the game hadn't shut down at that point, and was
nervous when he realized that he had been locked out of the system. He felt irate, thinking that the
developers had pranked them or something. It wasn't until a female voice spoke out to him that he
became extremely shocked.
"Is something the matter, Lord Momonga?"
It was Albedo.
"That must have been really shocking, huh?" - Subaru
"The game character that was with you earlier suddenly became real. Yeah, that would be really
shocking." - Rudeus
"That was definitely similar to how Subaru was transported. They were both just transferred over to the
other world with no warning." - Rio
"This one would be more confusing that what happened to Subaru, though." - Lugh
Momonga, understandably, was extremely shocked by this. He didn't know what to say at first,
naturally, and he was ready to panic. However, after remembering an advice from their guild's
strategist, he calmed down and decided to assess the situation. He began conversing with the
Albedo and found it strange that they were having such a conversation. He then gave an order to
Sebas and the Pleiades to come at the foot of the throne.
He then noticed that their lips were moving, and found it impossible, given that technology isn't
that advanced. As he began panicking, an extreme calm washed over him. He then decided that he
needed information, so he ordered Sebas to take one of the maids with him and investigate the
outside of the Tomb. They followed the order without fail.
"He did a good job assessing the situation." - Lugh
"Gathering information when put in an unfamiliar situation should always be a priority." - Souma
"Extreme calm, huh? I assume that's the work of the emotional suppressor mentioned by the Everlasting
earlier?" - Rimuru
"Yes. It suppresses my emotions when they intensify to a certain extent."
He then pondered on his next moves. He wanted to test out his magic first, given that he was a
mage. He also began to think about how to maintain the loyalty of the denizens of the Tomb, given
that he had no idea if the NPCs will still be loyal to him or not.
"You needn't worry about such a thing, Ainz-sama. Everyone in Nazarick will always be loyal to you
unconditionally." - Albedo
"And I appreciate your loyalty, my dear guardians."
After deciding to think about it later, he gave more orders, commanding the rest of the Pleiades
maids to be on the lookout for any raiders coming down from the upper floors. The group then
departed to do their respective tasks, leaving only Momonga and Albedo behind.
"Now, then, Lord Momonga. What may I do for you?" she asked with a gentle smile.
"Oh, uh...right..." Momonga leaned out of the throne to pick up his staff. "Come here."

Oh no, I forgot about this one... Why do they have to show this?!
"Yes, sir!" She sounded overjoyed and sidled right up. Momonga worried about her wand and the
black sphere floating on the end of it for just a moment but decided to forget about it. She was closer
than last time, all but clinging to him.
Damn you, Albedo! I wish I can always get close to Ainz-sama like that! - Shalltear
She smells so good—but what am I thinking? The thought popped up again, but he promptly
dismissed it. He didn't have time for that sort of nonsense now.
Ah, to think I smell good to Ainz-sama... This is fantastic! - Albedo
Momonga reached out and touched her hand.
"...Ngh."
"Hm?"
The look on Albedo's face said she was in pain. He whipped his hand away as if he'd been
electrocuted.
I wonder what's wrong. Did I creep her out?
"You would never, Ainz-sama!" - Albedo
Mixed in with the numerous sad memories (like having cashiers drop change into his hand from
above to avoid accidentally touching him) flitting across his mind, he found the answer.
"...Ohhhh."
An overlord was a higher rank of elder lich, and one of the special abilities an elder lich could acquire
by leveling up was the dealing of damage by touch—normally as an attack. Maybe that's it?
But even if that was the case, there were still questions remaining.
In Yggdrasil, the system would judge mobs and NPCs within the Great Tomb of Nazarick as belonging
to Ainz Ooal Gown. Friendly fire for guildmembers was always off so allies couldn't harm one
another. So did that mean she didn't belong to the guild? Or that friendly fire had been turned on?
"Since everything is real now, of course there's going to be friendly fire." - Rimuru
"That is true."
"That could get inconvenient in Ainz's case, though, given that he got used to it not existing in the game."
- Rudeus
The latter is a distinct possibility, Momonga decided and said to Albedo, "Sorry, I forgot to turn off
Negative Touch."
"Never you mind, Lord Momonga. That level of damage wasn't even damage. Besides, I would suffer
any agony for you... Eek!"
"Oh, uh...huh... I see. But I'm sorry," Momonga stammered, not knowing how to act toward Albedo as
she made that cute little shriek and covered her blushing cheeks with her hands.

I really wish me and Ainz-sama can hold hands like that again! - Albedo
Ngghh..... - Shalltear
But it did seem like the issue had been damage from Negative Touch. Averting his eyes from Albedo,
who was going on about a virgin's pain, Momonga tried to think how to temporarily turn off a passive
power—and suddenly, it dawned on him: Using any of an overlord's various powers was now as
natural an act as breathing. He found himself laughing in spite of himself at what an extraordinary
situation he was in. After all the strange things that had happened so far, it didn't even surprise him.
Adaptability is a terrifying thing.
"I'm going to touch you."
"Oh...!"
After turning off the ability, he reached out and touched her hand. Countless thoughts came up—how
delicate it was, how white—but Momonga dismissed any that stemmed from his being male. What he
wanted to know was if she had a pulse.
She does.
"So she's still a living being even though she's a... succubus?" - Rimuru
"Yes. She is still considered a living thing."
"I guess that's reasonable." - Rimuru
The beat was a steady ba-bum, ba-bum. It would be only natural for a living thing.
Yeah, for a living thing...
Momonga took his hand away and looked at his own wrist. There was no skin, flesh, or anything
besides a pure white bone. He had no blood vessels, so of course he had no pulse. That's right, an
overlord was undead—a being who had transcended death. Of course he wouldn't have a pulse.
He looked up at Albedo. He could see himself in her glistening pupils. Her cheeks were awfully
flushed—her body temperature was probably skyrocketing. Noting these changes in her was enough to
shake him up.
"...What's going on?"
This is an NPC—just some data, right? What kind of AI can make data look like it's actually alive?
It's practically as if Yggdrasil has become reality...
That's impossible.
"We can't exactly blame Ainz for denial here. It is a ridiculous possibility for someone like him at the
moment." - Rimuru
"Yeah, that is true." - Rudeus
"Out of every one of us so far, Ainz probably had the most confusion when it comes to being transported
to another world." - Subaru
"Rudeus was also plenty confused as well." - Touya

"Yeah, that's right." - Rimuru
Momonga shook his head. It can't be anything as crazy as that. But once the idea had lodged in his
mind, it wouldn't come unstuck so easily. Feeling vaguely uncomfortable about the changes he was
noticing in Albedo, he hesitated about what to do next.
His next move would be his last. If I check this last thing, all of my hunches will turn to convictions.
The balance that shows whether this is reality or not will swing one way or the other. So I have to do
it! I wouldn't be surprised if she attacked me with that weapon she's holding...but even so...
"I would never attack you, Ainz-sama!" - Albedo
"What are you going to do, Ainz?" - Rimuru
"Why do I have a bad feeling...?" - Liscia
Why do I think that he's going to do something perverted...? - Rudeus
"Albedo... Can I touch your ch-chest?"
The theater went immediately silent with that statement, and for a few moments, it stayed that way, then
chaos erupted.
"Hey, what the hell?!" - Subaru
"Pfftt... Hahahahahahahaha!" - Rudeus
"This is just..." - Rimuru
"You've gotta be kidding me..." - Souma
"Well, that was really blunt." - Touya
"Pervert." - Fran
Meanwhile, most of the girls immediately tried to glare at me, the younger ones blushed, while Albedo
simply squirmed in her seat and Shalltear glared at her in anger.
"What could be the purpose of that...?" - Nanahoshi
"I want to have a few words with him..." - Liscia
"There is a perfectly good explanation to this."
"I really hope there is, Sir Ainz..." - Satsuki
"Damn you, Albedo! It should have been me, not you!" - Shalltear
"What are you talking about, Shalltear? You have no chest for Ainz-sama to touch." - Albedo
"You...!" - Shalltear
They were about ready to charge at each other, so I stopped them immediately.
"Stop, you two."
"Y-Yes, Ainz-sama!"

"Huh?"
The atmosphere froze solid. Albedo blinked, bewildered. The moment he said it, Momonga felt he
might die of embarrassment.
Sure, he'd had no choice, but what kind of thing was that to say to a lady? He had the urge to howl
that he was the worst person in existence. I've abused my power in order to sexually harass a woman
—I really am the worst.
"At least he feels bad about it..." - Liscia
But I can't help it. Yeah. It has to be done.
He forcefully talked himself down and regained his mental equilibrium rather quickly, then mustered
all of his coercive power as a superior. "You don't meow— Mind, do you?"
Utter failure.
"Pfftt...!" - Rudeus
"Why is this way too funny..." - Rimuru
"This is too weird!" - Touya
"This is hilarious!" - Subaru
Meanwhile, the NPCs were too shocked seeing me like that that they didn't even react to them laughing
at my actions.
His timid words caused Albedo to beam as if she were the sun making all the flowers bloom. "Of
course, Lord Momonga! Please have your way with me." She puffed out her chest and her substantial
breasts were thrust into Momonga's face. If he had had the ability to gulp, he would have surely done
so several times.
Her breasts were giving her dress great lift, and he was about to touch them.
On the one hand, Momonga was feeling oddly nervous and shaken, but some corner of his brain was
being calmly and objectively self-observant. He started to feel incredibly stupid. Why is this the test I
thought of, and why am I actually doing it?
"Seriously, what are you testing?" - Rimuru
"You'll see."
For some reason when he peeked at Albedo, she stuck her chest out even more as if to say, Go ahead,
her eyes twinkling.
I could hear Shalltear grumbling silently in the corner, while the younger members of the audience
averted their eyes on the screen, blushing all the same.
Was Momonga aroused or ashamed? He willed his hand to stop shaking, made up his mind, and
reached out.
Under the dress, he felt something a bit rigid, but beneath that he could feel something soft.
"Ahh... Ngh..." Amid Albedo's sticky moaning, Momonga got the information he was after.

(A/N: I did not want to put all of this in a summary, so I put this in as it is. It's funnier this way.)
Momonga had two hypotheses as to what is happening.
One, he was in a new game created by the developers by Yggdrasil that was somehow more
realistic than the previous game. However, due to the fact that he had just touched Albedo's chest,
which was an extremely forbidden thing to do in games like this, he found such a possibility as
unlikely, which led him to the second hypothesis.
Everyone then understood what I was going for.
"Ah, so if you did something that is usually banned in games and nothing happens, that will prove that
everything is real." - Rimuru
"Yes, that was my plan."
"Did you really have to go for that plan, though?" - Hinata
"It was the plan immediately available to me at the time."
That the fantasy game had become a reality somehow.
To him, it felt even more unlikely to downright impossible, but the more he thought about the
theory, the more it made sense. Many of the things he is experiencing right now would be explained
away by the theory that everything has become a reality.
After pondering this possibility, he let go of Albedo's chest, who he had been groping for longer
than necessary.
"Sorry, Albedo."
"Ahhh..." She exhaled hotly, and he could feel why her cheeks had turned so red. Then, she said,
looking slightly askance, "So here it is, my first time."
"Huh?!" Momonga let out a confused yelp in spite of himself. It took him a moment to understand
what she was saying. "First time"? For what? And what's with that look on her face?!
"What shall I do with my clothes?"
"...What?"
"Would you like me to take them off myself? Or did you want to do it? If I keep them on, um, they
might get dirty... Oh, but if my lord prefers it that way, I have no objections."
"Hey, there are kids here!" - Rimuru
He then immediately turned into a slime and tried to cover the eyes of the kids from his world.
"Oi, Oi, Oi, is this really going to happen?!" - Subaru
"But how is he going to do it? He's a skeleton!" - Rudeus
"Should you really be asking that question right now, Rudy...?" - Roxy
"No, no, he's got a point. How is this going to happen...?" - Touya

That question earned him a smack in the head from one of the girls near him.
"You guys are being stupid..." - Souma
Finally, her words sank in. Actually, Momonga wondered if he even had any brain left for them to
sink into. Once he understood where all this was coming from, it grated on him. "Stop. Stop it,
Albedo."
"Hm? Yes, sir."
"Right now, we can't... Er, we don't have time to be doing such things."
"You know, you can't be leaving a succubus out to dry like that." - Rimuru
"You'll have to find a way to do it soon, or else there are going to be consequences." - Rudeus
Ah, they're right. I have to find a way... How am I gonna do this...?
"M-my humble apologies! I shouldn't have prioritized desire when we're having some sort of
emergency." She jumped away from him and went to prostrate herself, but Momonga put out a hand
to stop her.
"You're fine. It was my fault. All is forgiven, Albedo. More importantly...I have orders for you."
"Anything you wish, my lord."
"Contact the floor guardians and tell them to gather at the Amphitheatrum in the sixth level one hour
from now. I will let Aura and Mare know myself, so there is no need to contact them."
"Understood. To repeat, you would like me to contact all the floor guardians besides those of the sixth
level and tell them to meet in the sixth level's Amphitheatrum one hour from now."
"Right. Now go."
"My lord." Albedo turned to leave the Throne Room with slightly quickened steps.
As she left, Momonga felt horribly guilty about what he did to Albedo. From his perspective, he
had basically defiled one of his friend's children in an irreversible way. However, he had decided to
simply file away that issue for now, as there were more important things to take care of.
"I told you, there is no need for you to feel guilty, Ainz-sama..." - Albedo
He walked out of the Throne Room, getting into the room where the Lemegeton were, and took a
look at one of his rings. The ring had the crest of the guild in it, and was called the Ring of Ainz
Ooal Gown. This ring allows the wearer to teleport around almost any named room in the Great
Tomb of Nazarick. It was useful in accessing the many places in Nazarick freely, and it even allows
the wearer to teleport from the outside. This is a necessity for Momonga to have.
"Quite the useful item to have." - Lugh
"Especially in his situation." - Rimuru
He then used the ring's abilities, and ended up teleporting to a corridor, leading to a massive
Collosseum in the center of a lush dense forest under a night sky. He was now in the sixth floor of
the Great Tomb of Nazarick.

As he inhaled the fresh air of the place, and internally question how he was able to do that in the
first place, he began to look around the place, looking for the guardians of the floor. As if on cue, he
heard an energetic voice coming from above. Soon after, a small figure hopped down from the VIP
seating and ran towards Momonga. The figure, a dark elf child, then stopped on front of him and
smiled happily.
This is one of the guardians of the sixth floor of the Great Tomb of Nazarick, Aura Bella Fiora, a
beast tamer-ranger than commands a multitude of fantastical creatures and monsters.
He greeted the girl, telling him that he will intrude for a bit. However, Aura simply said that, since
he is the ruler of Nazarick, he is free to go wherever he pleases in the entire Tomb. Momonga then
noticed that someone was missing there. Aura, annoyed, called on the other guardian of the sixth
floor, who jumped down from the same place as Aura, though incredibly clumsily. This was Aura's
younger brother, Mare Bello Fiore.
"T-They're so adorable..." - Emilia
"T-They are!" - Sylphiette
"I want to cuddle them so badly!" - Amanda
"So cute!" - Satsuki
"Why are they dressed like that?" - Rimuru
"Their creator dressed them that way."
"That's... a questionable decision..." - Rimuru
Due to Mare's hesitation to greet Momonga, he was reprimanded by Aura and scolded him about
the responsibilities of a guardian. Meanwhile, Momonga thought about the 1500 player raid that
happened in the past, and he asked himself whether the two remembered it or not, since they both
died in that raid.
Subaru immediately flinched at that, probably remembering his own experiences.
"We do remember, Ainz-sama. We apologize for failing..." - Aura
"No, you are not at fault. Remember that, okay?"
I did my best to reassure the two, and they both nodded.
"Yeah, remembering your death is not pleasant at all..." - Subaru
The people from his world looked at him with concern, remembering his deaths so far.
After a few minutes of pondering, Momonga told Aura to stop scolding Mare, and that he didn't
mind Mare's attitude. He then asked a few things to the dark elves, mostly about their thoughts
about raiders. Eventually, he decided to do a bunch of tests regarding their magic and abilities so
that he wouldn't be caught off-guard in this new reality he finds himself in.
First, he tested how friendly fire works by using Aura's breath, which induces status effects. He
summoned moon wolves in order to test the effects and found out that friendly fire does work, and
that he was simply immune to it due to his racial immunities as the highest class of undead,
Overlord.

"How fascinating..." - Echidna
Some of the other individuals in the theater with a fascination for magic were also intrigued.
He then pulled out the Staff of Ainz Ooal Gown and said to the two that he was going to practice.
The two asked about the staff.
"That's right. This is the Guild Weapon we all created together, the Staff of Ainz Ooal Gown." He
lifted it into the air and it sparkled beautifully in the light. It was such a gorgeous display it was almost
as if the staff was showing off—except it was still exuding that ominous black shimmer, so it was hard
to see it as anything but evil.
Momonga didn't have a body type that could burst with pride, so to speak,but the passion was clear in
his voice. "The jewels held in each of the seven snakes' mouths are all god artifacts. Since the items
are part of a series, collecting them all yields great power. Gathering them took serious effort and an
immense amount of time. In fact, there were many times we thought to quit. How many mobs did we
hunt for the drops...? Furthermore, the power contained within even just the staff itself surpasses god
tier and is on par with a World Item. Most impressive of all is its automatic intercept— Ahem..."
He looks so cute while speaking so passionately! - Albedo
"Man, it's really telling how long of a history your guild had, Ainz." - Subaru
"We had a lot of struggles, but it was all so fun."
"I wonder what would happen to your guild once that staff is destroyed considering it's all real now." Rimuru
"I do not know, and I am never going to try and find out."
...I'm totally rambling...
It was only natural to want to brag—he'd crafted it with his guildmates, but since he'd never been able
to take it anywhere, he'd never had the chance to show off. That was no excuse to gush right now,
though. He suppressed the urge to keep boasting.
It's pretty embarrassing actually...
"Well, yeah, that's about it..."
"W-wow!"
"That's amazing, Lord Momonga!"
The sparkles in the kids' eyes made him want to break into a huge grin. Trying to keep a straight face
—not that his expressions came through so well via his skull anyway—he continued speaking.
"Anyhow, I'd like to do some experiments. Can you get things ready for me?"
"I'm kind of jealous how much resources you have when being transported into the other world that you
can safely experiment like this." - Rudeus
"Same." - Subaru
"He definitely had a massive advantage compared to us at the beginning..." - Rudeus

"Yes, sir! Understood! I'll begin preparations right away. And then...is it okay if we watch?"
"Sure, I don't mind. I'm the only one who can hold it, so you should at least have a look."
After that, he informed them that all of the floor guardians were coming to their floor. After
clarifying that all of the guardians were coming, including Shalltear, she got disappointed unlike
Mare, which led to Ainz wondering what their relationship is.
He then began to test out his magic using straw figures as targets. He wanted to check whether his
spells worked or not, as well as use his power to hopefully make his subordinates submit to him via
a show of force.
"There was no need for such a thing, Ainz-sama. We will submit to you regardless." - Demiurge
He then fired off his powerful spells using his experiences in the game and destroyed the targets
with ease. Aura and Mare were extremely confused as to why he did such things, considering that
they already knew how powerful he is, and that was what Momonga his hoping for.
Next, he decided to cast a Message spell, first to the GMs, next to the guildmembers, and lastly at
Sebas. Only the one with Sebas had connected, much to Momonga's disappointment. He then asked
Sebas to report to him what he had see, and his report was shocking.
"My friends... really are not here now... It's only me remaining..."
Seeing all of this from an objective perspective, I have now resigned to my friends potentially not
showing up in the world. However, that doesn't mean that I will just give up.
In that case, I am going to make sure that the name Ainz Ooal Gown will carve itself in the history of the
world.
"Oh, uh, sorry. It seems I spaced out for a moment. By the way, what's it like out there?"
"We're on a grassy plain, and I haven't been able to confirm the existence of any intelligent life."
"A grassy plain... No bogs?"
The Great Tomb of Nazarick used to be located deep in a swamp inhabited by frog-like people known
as tsveiks. The whole area was covered by mist, and there were poisonous bogs here and there.
"No, just a grassy plain."
Momonga laughed in spite of himself. Who knows what the heck is going on now?
"So Nazarick as a whole has been teleported to some unknown location...? Sebas, is there anything up
in the sky? Any signs or signals?"
"No, nothing like that. Just the same night sky as the sixth level."
"What?! A night sky, huh? There's nothing else in the area that catches your eye?"
"No, not in particular. Aside from the Great Tomb of Nazarick , I don't even see any man-made
structures."
"I see, I see..."

"I wonder, was the entire structure teleported, or was Ainz the only one teleported, and Nazarick came
with him?" - Lugh
That is... actually an interesting question.
"I don't think we're going to find out the answer to that anytime soon." - Rudeus
After he made his report, Momonga ordered Sebas to come to the same place he ordered the floor
guardians to meet him in, and report what he had discovered to the rest of the floor guardians as
well. Sebas said that he will, and the communication ended.
After that, Momonga continued with his experiments, this time summoning a Primal Fire
Elemental using the Staff of Ainz Ooal Gown, then offered to have the twins fight them. Both of
them agreed, though Mare was more hesitant than Aura was, and they begun fighting the
elemental. Meanwhile, Momonga checked for his inventory to check for all of the items he has. He
was then relieved that all of his items and consumables were there, as he was slightly afraid that the
Tomb will turn on him, and that he will be forced to fight. With all of these items on him, he can
survive if such an event happens. He then summarized everything he has learned so far:
Are the NPCs I've met programs?
No. They were beings with consciousness just like humans. It was impossible to capture such subtle
emotions with code. He needed to assume that they were no longer programs but had somehow
become equivalent to humans.
"It seems that they still follow their backstories, though." - Rimuru
"That is true." - Rio
And what is this world?
That was unclear. Considering Yggdrasil's magic existed, it would be valid to suppose he was inside
the game, but taking into account the previous answer, that couldn't possibly be the case. That said, it
was either the game world or some other world, one of the two. Not that either made any sense.
"We know now that Nazarick has been transported into another world that somehow uses our magic,
probably from players that came here before us."
Everyone nodded at that information.
How should I conduct myself?
He'd confirmed that he could use his powers as he could in Yggdrasil. So, if all the NPCs and
monsters in the Great Tomb of Nazarick were also based on Yggdrasil data, he would have no enemies.
The problem would be if there were something not from Yggdrasil, but all he could do was cross that
bridge when he came to it. For now, he had to just act with the dignity of a ruler—assuming he could
muster such a thing.
"What do you mean, Ainz-sama? You have done a splendid job so far!" - Demiurge
"INDEED. AINZ-SAMA HAS BEEN A WONDERFUL RULER TO US." - Cocytus
"Thank you, my guardians."
What's the plan?
Work to gather information. He didn't know what this world was, and at the moment, he was like an
ignorant tourist. He needed to keep his wits about him and cautiously gather as much information as
he could.

"Definitely top priority here." - Lugh
"Gathering information is a must." - Souma
Say this is some other world—should I try to get back to mine?
Good question. If he'd had any friends, he'd probably try to go back. If his parents were still alive, he'd
risk his life to find a way back. If he'd had a family to take care of or a lover...But he had none of
those things.
He went to the office, worked, came home, and slept. Up until now, he'd log onto Yggdrasil and keep
things ready in case any of his guildmates wanted to come back, but he didn't even have that anymore.
Was there anypoint in going back to such a world? But, if he could get back, then he knew he should
put in the effort. One could never have too many options. The world outside the Tomb could very well
be hell.
"I now have no intentions of going back so you don't have to worry about that."
My subordinates breathed a sigh of relief at this, probably terrified that I'll abandon them as well.
"Okay, what do I do?" Momonga's lonely words to himself evaporated into the air.
Inevitably, the twins defeated the Primal Fire Elemental with ease. Momonga praised them for
their efforts, much to the delight of the twins. He pulled out an item from his inventory, Bottomless
Pitcher of Water, in order to provide refreshments for the twins. They were overwhelmed with joy
at their leader treating them so kindly and decided to enjoy the moment. Suddenly, they heard a
voice.
"Ainz-sama really had been so kind to us!" - Aura
"Y-Yeah, he really is..." - Mare
I-I wish Ainz-sama had also treated me like this... - Albedo
It was a girlish voice inquiring whether she had been the one there first.
She was wearing an elegant raven-black ball gown. The only part of her that wasn't exposed was
her hair and face. She had silver hair, pale skin, and crimson eyes. This was Shalltear Bloodfallen,
the guardian of the first through third floors of Nazarick.
As she entered, she immediately got all over Momonga and began flirting with him. He questioned
whether this was her personality, but then remembered that her creator was one of his best friends,
Peroroncino, who was extremely perverted and loved porn games. Shalltear's backstory was filled
to the brim with fetishes and preferences that Peroroncino had.
"How bad is he?" - Rimuru
"Worse than Rudeus."
"Really bad then." - Rimuru, Subaru, Touya, Teacher, Fran, Lugh, Rio, Souma
"H-Hey!" - Rudeus
You underestimate me, Ainz! - Rudeus
After this, Shalltear and Aura began bickering.

"I think that's enough..." Shalltear responded to the low, hard voice and sneered at Aura.
"Oh, hello, squirt. I didn't see you there."
Momonga didn't feel like bothering to point out that they'd just been talking a moment ago.
"Do they hate each other?" - Rimuru
"No, they just like bickering with one another."
Ignoring Aura and her twitching, irritated expression, Shalltear addressed Mare. "It must be hard for
you to have such an odd elder sister. You should get some distance from her as soon as possible. If you
don't, you might end up the same way!"
Mare's face went sickly pale—he knew she was using him to pick a fight with his sister.
But Aura smiled. "Shut up, Miss Fake Boobs."
She'd dropped a bomb.
The more... petite members of the audience also nodded at Aura's rebuke, probably feeling vindicated
after Shalltear's... deception of her body. Meanwhile, the girl in question glared at Aura this time.
"How'd you know?!"
"Ooh, she broke character," Momonga said to himself. There was no sign of her forced elegant cool.
"Ugh, to think I'll be humiliated in front of Ainz-sama like this....." - Shalltear
"Heh, that's what you get!" - Albedo
The two the continued bickering with one another.
"One glance is enough to tell! Look how bizarrely poofy they are. How many layers of padding did
you use?"
"Wahhh! Wahhh!" Shalltear flailed her hands as if to erase the words outof the air. Now she looked
her age. Meanwhile, Aura had an evil grin on her face.
"If you use that much padding...I bet they must shift around when you run, huh?!"
"That's why no girl should be stuffing their chest in the first place. Every chest is special whatever their
size is." - Rudeus
"I don't know how to feel about that, especially coming from that guy..." - Elze
"Me too..." - Naden
"Yeek!" Shalltear emitted a strange scream now that she was caught.
"Bull's-eye! Neh-heh-heh! Your boobs slip, so that's why you used a gate—so you could get here in a
hurry without having to run!"
"Shut it, pip-squeak! You don't have any! I at least have a litt— I mean, I'm pretty big!" Shalltear
frantically fired back, but Aura only grinned even more evilly. Shalltear took a step back as if she'd
been shoved. The fact that she was trying to inconspicuously shield her chest was kind of sad.

"Gah! To think Ainz-sama will think that way..." - Shalltear
"Hehehehehehe..." - Albedo
"I'm still only seventy-six! I've got plenty of time ahead of me! It must betough being undead with no
future. You don't grow!"
"That's right... I can still grow. Isn't that right, Sue?" - Yumina
"You're right, Yumina." - Sue
"Why the hell are you two making this about yourselves?!" - Touya
"Hm, that's right, I'm not that old yet! I can still grow!" - Dia
"I'm still young!" - Petra
"Why do I somehow feel offended by that line?" - Leen
"Me too..." - Naden
"I feel offended, too..." - Roxy
"Ugh," Shalltear groaned and retreated farther. She had no comeback for that, and it showed plainly
on her face. Aura noted this and stretched her slit-like grin even farther.
"You should be satisfied with what you got—pft!"
"Now that you said it you can't take it back!"
Before they were to come to blows, a deep, yet loud voice stopped them, reprimanding them for
their bickering in front of Momonga. It was a large, light-blue insectoid that had a chilling aura
around him. This is Cocytus, the guardian of the fifth floor of the Great Tomb of Nazarick.
"Now that I take a proper look at him, he does have an aura that screams coolness, no pun intended." Subaru
"Yeah, he definitely looks like one of those warrior types." - Rudeus
Momonga thanked the floor guardian for coming, but Cocytus simply said that he will come when
the Supreme One calls for him. They then talked about what Cocytus had been doing, which was
training to be of use to Momonga. Momonga gave him his gratitude, which Cocytus gracefully
thanked him for.
"Yeah, definitely one of those warrior types." - Rudeus
"These guys definitely look strong..." - Fran
It was then that two more beings arrived at the Collosseum. It was Albedo and the guardian of the
seventh floor, a demon named Demiurge.
"Why does he look so... unsettling?" - Souma
"He is definitely one of those individuals that just emits this aura of danger..." - Lugh

His bloodlust is definitely palpable. I could feel it in my bones and I'm sure he is isn't even directing it at
anyone. - Lugh
He aplogized for being late to the meeting, and asked questions regarding the other two floor
guardians. Momonga said that their presence was not necessary there, and that they are
prioritizing their own orders.
"Come to think of it, the other two guardians aren't here as well." - Rimuru
"Yes, they aren't. I assume that it is because they wouldn't be participating in our activities often and will
simply be staying in Nazarick to protect it, even in the future."
Momonga also ordered them to inform the rest of the domain guardians under their commands
about this meeting as well. After indicating their understanding of his orders, the floor guardians
decided to do their ritual of allegiance, much to Momonga's bewilderment and embarrassment.
The protagonists who are also rulers also felt a hint of embarrassment at the ritual of allegiance.
"So much ass-kissing..." - Rimuru
"Don't put it like that, Rimuru! But yes, this is way too much." - Souma
"Ugh, I would die of embarrassment if people did this to me..." - Touya
"Considering what you're going to become Touya, you better be prepared, you know?" - Karen
"Shut up, Karen!" - Touya
"Their loyalty is just incredible." - Rudeus
The guardians all felt proud at their loyalty being... praised, I guess?
He then began the meeting in earnest. He thanked them for coming here, then he began to ponder
about what to do next.
Momonga then felt indecisive, fearing that any of his decisions will result in the collapse of
Nazarick, but the guardians misinterpreted it as him being indecisive on whether he should ask for
their help or not. They then swore to dedicate their bodies and their souls to serve Momonga with
their utmost efforts.
"Please, Ainz-sama, do not doubt yourself! You are our wonderful and capable ruler! You shouldn't be
thinking like this!" - Albedo
Why does he doubt himself so? Is he not as capable as I thought him to be? If that is so, then that doesn't
matter. I will simply make sure to support him as best as I can. - Demiurge
"That's right, Ainz-sama. You have done an excellent job in leading us. It is simply our failures that
caused those events to happen..." - Shalltear
It was as if the darkness before his eyes had vanished in the morning light, and a shiver went through
him. He realized how wonderful the NPCs hisguildmates had made really were. The radiance of Ainz
Ooal Gown's glory days was here now. He was so happy to have the fruit of his guildmates' labor with
him that his dignified expression broke. Of course, there were no major changes to his bony face, but
the beautiful red spark in his eyes burned more brightly.

I noticed the guardians becoming noticeably happier at this. They're probably happy that their loyalty has
made me like that.
With that, Momonga began to explain the situation to them. He explained that Nazarick had been
plunged into an unknown situation, and thus were in an emergency. He then asked each guardian
whether they noticed anything strange on their respective floors, but they confirmed that nothing
strange had happened. He then confirmed that Sebas had been sent out to do reconnaissance. The
floor guardians except Albedo were shocked. After all, Sebas was one of the strongest NPCs in
Nazarick, so for him to be ordered to do something so simple as that indicated how serious the
situation is in Momonga's eyes. Right on cue, Sebas had arrived at the Ampitheatrum to report his
findings to Momonga.
"Wait, that guy is one of the strongest in Nazarick?!" - Subaru
"Yes, only a select few can defeat him in a one-on-one fight in Nazarick."
"No wonder he is one of the last lines of defense besides that Lemegeton..." - Rimuru
Sebas reported that instead of the swamps that Nazarick was originally surrounded by, Nazarick is
instead surrounded by grassy plains with only animals living nearby. There was nothing out of the
ordinary in their surroundings. Momonga thanked him for his report, then gave his subordinate
orders regarding the defense of Nazarick.
First, he ordered them to raise the alert level of Nazarick by one and to capture any raiders coming
to Nazarick for questioning. He asked Demiurge and Albedo regarding the security system of
Nazarick, and ordered them to create a better security and information sharing system.
Next, he forbade them from accessing the eighth level without his direct permission, leaving the
handling of the security system there to the guardian of the eighth floor, Victim. He then ordered to
cover the ninth and tenth levels with the overall security system of Nazarick as well.
"Is the eighth level important?" - Rimuru
"The eighth level houses the guild weapon, and it is also where the strongest NPC in Nazarick is
located."
"Ah, I see. Pretty important then." - Rimuru
"Wait, the 1500 player invasion never got past the eighth level, right?" - Rudeus
"Yes."
"That's crazy..." - Touya
"I-is that all right with you?" Albedo's astonishment was plain on herface.
Behind her, Demiurge's eyes opened wide, and he said what they were actually thinking. "You will
permit lowly minions to enter the domain of the Supreme Ones? Is the situation so serious as that?"
Minions were the monsters that members of Ainz Ooal Gown did notcreate, the mobs that spawned
automatically. Come to think of it, with very few exceptions, there were no minions in the ninth or
tenth levels. Momonga wasn't sure what to say.
Albedo seemed to think those areas were some kind of holy ground, but the truth couldn't have been
further from that. The reason there were no mobs assigned to the ninth level was simply that by the

time a group of raiders broke through the eighth level where all the strongest monsters were, they
figured they didn't have much chance of winning, so they decided they would just lurk in the Throne
Room like proper villains.
"So it was simply a matter of efficiency... I am ashamed to not have interpreted the intentions of the
Supreme Ones." - Demiurge
"I am very ashamed as well." - Albedo
"In an emergency situation like this, it's better to discard any notions of pride and tradition if it means
survival." - Lugh
"That is correct. You would do well to remember this, guardians!"
They bowed and promised to take heed of my words.
He then asked them about ways to conceal Nazarick to the outside world for now as another
defense measure. They had a slight debate over it, but they eventually decided to cover the Tomb
with mounds of dirt and pretend that it is a hill, then build some dummy hills in the area for
further concealment.
After this, the meeting ended, but not before Momonga decided to ask each of the floor guardians
about what they thought of him. The answers he got were overwhelmingly positive, much to his
continued bewilderment.
"A concentration of beauty. You are truly the most beautiful person in this world. Jewels don't hold a
candle to your fair body," Shalltear replied promptly. It was obvious from the unhesitating speed at
which she responded that what she said was what she really thought.
"Cocytus?"
"YOU ARE STRONGER THAN ALL THE GUARDIANS AND TRULY FIT TO BE ABSOLUTE
RULER OF THE GREAT TOMB OF NAZARICK."
"Aura?"
"You're merciful and exceedingly considerate."
"Mare?"
"I think you're s-super nice."
"Demiurge?"
"You are wise in judgment and always make use of your energy to get things done. And I think the
word inscrutable describes you well."
"Urgh..."
I groaned silently at this. While I think that my intelligence and capabilities wouldn't be put to question
much in this viewing, I'm still embarrassed hearing something like this from him.
"Sebas?"
"You were the leader of the Supreme Beings. And you are the merciful one who did not forsake us, but
stayed."
"Last but not least, Albedo."
"You are he who holds the highest position among the Supreme Beings and our exalted master, as well
as the man I love."
Momonga regarded their praises with gratitude, and immediately ended the meeting. He was
bewildered by their praises, and began to feel the weight and pressure of their expectations, but
resolved to meet them.

"Ainz-sama, we sincerely apologize if we had given you unnecessary burdens. We simply wanted to
show our undying loyalty to you." - Demiurge
"It is fine, Demiurge."
He didn't know this at the time, but this was the beginning of the era of Ainz Ooal Gown in this
new world.
*****
"Well, that was interesting." Rimuru said, still recovering from his laughter.
"I never thought I'd relate to an undead of all things..." Touya muttered.
"I cannot wait to see how this will go." Echidna said with a slight grin on her face.
"We are truly blessed to finally know how Ainz-sama truly feels." Demiurge remarked with an exalting
look on his face.
"Indeed, Demiurge. We, the guardians of Nazarick, will continue to swear our undying loyalty towards
the true master of Nazarick!" Albedo agreed with him.
"This we swear!"
"I truly appreciate it, my dear guardians." I said.
"Now that all of that is finished, it is time for Mochizuki Touya's adventures next!" the Everlasting
declared. The aforementioned individual simply grimaced.
"Here we go, I guess."
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

And that is the end of this chapter!
I really want to apologize to all of my readers for being late with this one. I was busy this past week
with enrolling to a new university, so I only had time to update this now. Let me tell you,
transferring universities in college is so ridiculously tedious and exhausting, and the amount of
paperwork I had to do was a lot. Thankfully, I have some free time now, so I managed to get this
chapter updated today!
I really hope I managed to get back into doing these chapters as fast as I possibly can, but that is still
up in the air, unfortunately.
Please just remember that I have no intentions of abandoning this fic, and I will announce it if I do
somehow. If updates take a long time, just assume that I am extremely busy with something, so
please wait patiently until the next chapter comes.
Another thing, please don't ask about when I will update this fic in the comments. I don't want to
treat this fic like a job or like homework. This is a project I am truly really passionate about, and I

want it to stay that way. Rest assured, my dear readers, I am just as excited for this fic as you are, so
no need to pressure me about when updates are coming.
Also, I would like to address something regarding the Hinata vs. Reinhard fight that I teased last
chapter because it is a genuinely interesting debate.
1. I find it kinda funny that in WP, people think Hinata is going to win from what I saw in the
comments, while here in AO3, people in the comments think Rein is going to win. Just something I
noticed.
2. Reinhard is NOT going to get any access to Od Laguna in the fight to provide him with DPs,
thought to be fair he is still going to be ridiculously busted regardless so this does not really matter.
Also, no VOTW for Hinata either.
3. Hinata has Dead End Rainbow and Melt Slash which can kill Reinhard. To be fair, though, I
doubt Reinhard's going to get hit by Dead End Rainbow.
4. There was a comment that bothered me regarding the fact that Hinata cannot use Usurper against
Reinhard because he has a DP which prevents him from being stolen from. This is information
provided by Isekai Quartet, a comedy spinoff that is NOT CANON MATERIAL. Sure, it is likely
that Reinhard does have such a DP in canon, but as far as I know, we never saw him use it in canon,
so I am not going to use that as evidence.
That is all for now, I guess! I really hope you enjoy this chapter and thank you very much for
reading this!

Chapter 7: Beginnings Chapter 5: First Day In The World With My
Smartphone!
Chapter Summary

It is Mochizuki Touya's turn next! Watch as he explores his new world, meets his companions, and
beats evil with his power and his smartphone.
Every protagonist in the theater also now thinks that Touya is probably the definition of a typical
isekai protagonist!

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Touya's POV
"It's gonna be you next, huh?" Babylon remarked while looking at me with smirk on her face. "This will
be interesting!"
"Of course, you of all people will be interested about this..." I sighed.
"I think seeing how Touya first started out in our world will be fascinating to see, though..." Yumina also
commented.
"I don't really think it's all that interesting, though." I said. "Plus, I kind of feel guilty about showing my
adventures now."
"What do you mean, Touya-dono?" Yae asked me.
"After seeing what happened to Subaru, it feels insensitive showing how I began my adventures. I mean,
I had it too easy." I said.
"Nah, it's fine, really. I don't really care." Subaru replied to my concerns. "Look, it would be really
immature for me to whine about how hard I had it compared to everyone else. We all have our different
adventures and experiences. Trying to complain about what we didn't get or experience in our adventures
would be so childish. Trying to wish that we had something like that is fine and all but complaining is
much more annoying to everyone."
Everyone stared at him solemnly, until Otto decided to break the silence.
"I didn't think you're capable of saying something so mature, Natsuki-san..." he said.
"Hey!"
"Who are you, and what did you do to Barusu?" Ram chimed in.
"Don't be so mean, nee-sama!" he said, while everyone else from his world chuckled.
He is right, though. We all have unique experiences from one another, experiences that we all treasure.
Trying to compare them to one another would be stupid.

I then remembered what happened with Ainz and his reminiscing of all of his friends.
That's right. We all have memories that we would treasure and cherish.
Speaking of Ainz, it looks like the discussion for what happened to him had begun now.
"Who or what do you think summoned you and Nazarick into the other world, Ainz?" Rimuru asked him.
Ainz shrugged.
"I do not know. I wasn't really that curious about it, so we never bothered researching it." he replied.
"Do you want us to investigate it, Ainz-sama?" Albedo asked.
"There is no need, Albedo." Ainz said, and she merely nodded in response.
Considering how bad his world was, I don't really think he wants to research how he got transported, or
if there is a way back for him. He probably just wants to stay in the new world, and I honestly don't
blame him.
"Are there any other players from Yggdrasil that got transported into that world?" Souma asked. Ainz put
his bony fingers on his chin.
"I do not know, but from the clues we've gathered so far, there had been players in the world that had
arrived before us." Ainz said.
"Wait, players arrived before you? Not at the same time?" Rudeus asked. "How did that go unnoticed
within the Yggdrasil community? People playing the game suddenly going missing?"
Ainz hummed in contemplation at this.
"I never really thought about that before. There are a couple of possible answers to that. One, they had
just gone unnoticed by the society at large. Considering how our society worked, people going missing
becoming unnoticed by everyone isn't strange, but the active Yggdrasil community should have made
that unlikely. It was one of the most popular games in Japan at the time, and it had an incredibly active
and vocal player base. People should have noticed it happening. Another theory, and one that I find
likely, is that everyone was transported once the game servers shut down, but they were all transported to
different periods in time in the new world, and that's why they only exist in history, at least in our time
period." Ainz explained.
"That's... honestly fascinating yet confusing at the same time." Rudeus remarked.
"I'm curious, Ainz. What is your character build?" Subaru asked. I distinctly saw Ainz's eyes glimmer
ominously at the question asked of him.
"Wait, Subaru, what is a "character build"?" Emilia asked him.
"Ah, well, it's basically what you call the spells, skills, and equipment a character has in his arsenal."
Subaru explained simply.
"I guess I should explain then." Ainz said.
"Ooohh! Let me show his character sheet on the screen as he explains it!" the Everlasting said
enthusiastically. Ainz then began his explanation as his character sheet was indeed shown on screen.

Once he was done explaining, many of us began discussing his build.
"A mage build, huh?" Subaru muttered.
"Is it just me, or is Ainz's build not very optimized?" Rudeus said.
"Yeah, his build is definitely geared more towards role-playing. It's not a very good build for PvPs, as it
will definitely be caught lacking towards the more optimally built characters in the game." Rimuru said.
Of course, we didn't know much about gameplay in Yggdrasil, but we knew enough from similar games
like these to make inferences.
"It is focused more on status effects than anything else. His spells and build are designed more for
stacking debuffs on top of one another and then using instant death spells to finish the job rather than

sheer firepower." Subaru remarked.
"There is one unexpected benefit from his build, though. In a real life setting, that build is going to be
immensely useful." Lugh said.
"Oh yeah! Most of his spells have more useful applications in real life than in a game!" I said.
"He also has an impressive number of spells in his disposal, too. Talk about overpowered." Souma
remarked.
Eventually, they all finished discussing about his build, but there are still more questions to be asked.
"Have you ever allowed humans in Nazarick before? Like in the game or in the new world so far?" I
asked.
"While we haven't exactly allowed humans before from the new world, we have allowed humans in
Nazarick before. One of the member's sisters played a human character, and she was allowed to visit the
tomb. Humans aren't really banned in Nazarick, they're just not allowed to join the guild. I mean, look,
Aureole Omega is a human."
"Oh, she is?" Rimuru asked, and she nodded. Everyone else looked at her with fascination, but didn't say
anything.
"Next question then, can you tell us about the strongest member of Nazarick?" Fran asked.
"Of course, you ask that question, Fran." Teacher sighed.
"That would be Albedo's little sister, Rubedo. She is the strongest NPC in Nazarick, being stronger than
even the members of the guild. This is why she's the one guarding the Guild Weapon." Ainz explained.
"How strong is she?"
"She's powerful enough to win against one of my guildmates, named Touch Me, who can cut through
space." he said.
"Wait, what?!" Subaru expressed his surprise.
"Damn, cut through space, huh?" Rimuru said.
"Impressive." Guy commented quietly.
"But that just speaks to how powerful this Rubedo is..." Rudeus said.
After that, nobody asked anything more, resulting in the Everlasting speaking once more.
"Anyway, now that that's all over with! Let's start with the introductions with the people from the
"Smartphone" world!" the Everlasting said. "Oh, but before that, I actually forgot some people!"
As he said that, two more people appeared in the theater. One was a familiar boy with white hair and a
black and white checkered outfit with a scarf, who was very light on his feet. This was Ende, a guy I've
seen a few times who was a staunch enemy of the Phrase after running away with the Sovereign Phrase.
The other one, though, was unfamiliar to me. At first, an icosahedron object appeared, but then it began
glowing and expanding, until it turned into a humanoid figure. It was a girl around my age who had
crystalline blue hair. Crystal material coated around her body in the form of a dress, then it sparkled a

dull white-blue light. It was definitely a Dominant Construct. As for who it was, I had a clue as to who it
was.
(A/N: I genuinely forgot to include these two, so here they are!)
"E-Endymion?" the girl spoke, staring at Ende with tears forming around her eyes. Ende reacted
identically to the girl.
"Melle!" Ende shouted, then they ran towards each other, hugging each other tightly. Honestly, it was a
real heartwarming moment.
The others in the theater, though they did not have context as to what's going on, still stared warmly at
what looked to be a reunion between two loved ones.
This girl is the Sovereign Phrase, huh?
Since it was a touching moment, I decided not to interrupt them for now. However, as it began to be
apparent that the two were not letting go of each anytime soon, I decided to consult Yumina on whether I
should interrupt them or not.
"Yumina, should I..." I turned towards her.
"Normally, I'd say not to, but given that there are other people here, it's best if you bring them up to speed
regarding the situation at hand." Yumina said.
Hearing the go-ahead from my fiancée, I unfortunately had to interrupt their reunion.
"Ahem! I'm really sorry to interrupt, but..." I said, causing the two to break their hug and look towards
me.
"Ah! Long time no see, Touya." Ende greeted me.
"Yeah, long time no see. I assume that this is..."
"Yes, it's her." he said.
"It's a pleasure to meet you." the girl, who I heard Ende refer to as Melle, said.
"Nice to meet you, too. I guess. Anyway, I'm sure you're confused about this situation." I said.
"Yeah, what is going on, Touya? Why are we in a theater and why is Melle here?" he asked. I then began
to introduce myself to the girl, then explain the situation to them, pointing towards the Everlasting who
just smiled at them. The two flinched as they glanced at him, probably startled at the Everlasting having
their face.
Since the two of them had been properly informed, it was time for the introductions to begin in earnest.
"It's nice to meet you all. My name is Yumina Ernea Belfast. I am a princess of the Kingdom of Belfast
and one of Touya's fiancees."
"Oh! Another lucky one, eh? Congratulations!" Rimuru said with a teasing smirk.
"Yeah, we wish you well!" Subaru said.
"Why do I feel that something crazy is going on here?" I heard Rudeus mutter.

"I'm Elze Silhoueska! A red-ranked adventurer and also one of Touya's fiancees."
"Of course, you have another one..." Subaru sighed.
"We have another protagonist with a harem..." Rimuru muttered.
"My name is Linze Silhoueska. I'm also an adventurer and one of Touya's fiancees."
"Okay, so three..." Rimuru muttered.
"I am Kokonoe Yae, I am. I'm a samurai from Eashen and I am also one of Touya's brides-to-be!"
"H-HUH?!"
"Wait, why are you all surprised by that?" I asked.
"Y-You have four?!" Subaru asked.
"N-Not exactly, haha..." I said hesitantly.
"A samurai, huh? So we have people equivalent to Japanese in his world, huh?" Souma remarked quietly.
"I'm Sushie Urnea Ortlinde, daughter of Duke Ortlinde and another one of Touya's fiancees!"
"Five?!" Many of them shouted.
"And she looks way too young!" Rimuru said.
"Dude, what the hell?" Subaru remarked.
"I assume there's a perfectly good explanation for this?" Hinata said with a glare, scaring the hell out of
me.
"Yes, there is!"
"Is it bad that I am engaged with Touya?" Sue asked innocently.
"Uhm... how old are you exactly?" the black-haired girl sitting near Rio asked.
"I'm twelve!" Sue cheerfully said.
"Wait, what?!"
"Why are you all reacting like that...?" Yumina asked, looking confused.
"How old are you, Touya?" Nanahoshi asked me.
"I'm sixteen, nearing seventeen." I answered honestly.
There was a tense moment of silence, before Rimuru spoke.
"I guess that's... acceptable. That's like four or five years difference." he said.
"Yeah." Souma said.
"Is there something wrong with the age...?" Yumina asked again.

"You see, Princess, back in our world, a person being engaged to someone of her age is considered
taboo." Rimuru explained.
"Yeah. If you do something like that, you'll be considered a creepy and dirty individual. In some
countries, especially the country they came from, Japan, it can land you in jail!" Al added.
"I-Is that true?!" Lu asked in shock.
"Y-Yeah." I answered her.
"So that's why Touya was so hesitant..." Yumina said.
"T-Touya, should I not be engaged with you?" Sue said.
"N-No, it's okay, it's fine, Sue!" I quickly reassured her.
"Well, in Touya's case, it's acceptable given that he's underage himself." Rimuru said.
"Still though, that is questionable..." Subaru muttered.
"It looks like someone's trying to take your title, Lolimancer!" Ricardo said to Subaru.
"Shut the hell up! Where did that nickname even come from?!" Subaru shouted indignantly.
Once they're done, the introductions continued.
"It's nice to meet all of you! I'm Lucia Leah Regulus, third princess of the Regulus Empire and I am also
Touya's fiancee."
"This is getting ridiculous! Another one?!" Rimuru shouted.
"This is getting out of hand..." Teacher commented.
"How many of you are there?!" Subaru said.
"My name is Leen. I am a former Clan Matriarch of the fairies, now serving as Brunhild's Court
Magician. I am also one of Touya's fiancees."
"Seriously..." Everyone was just speechless now.
I mean, if I was in their position, I'll react the same way. I can't exactly blame them.
"It's a pleasure to meet all of you. My name is Hildegard Minas Lestia, First Princess of the Knight
Kingdom Lestia and another one of Touya's brides-to-be."
"I'm Farnese Forneus, though I prefer to be called Sakura. I am the daughter of the Xenoahs Overlord,
and I am one of Touya's fiancees."
"You have nine wives-to-be?" Rimuru turned to Touya, who was blushing red. "Good luck, dude. You'll
need it."
"And here I thought five wives is too much..." Souma muttered, not wanting his own wives to hear him.
"Eh, I'm just satisfied with three." Rudeus chimed in.
"I'm pretty sure Zenith-san would kick your ass if you took any more wives." Satsuki said as Zenith
looked at her son with a murderous gaze.

"D-Don't worry, Mom. Three is enough for me..."
"I sure hope so, Rudy."
"This guy's charm is just impeccable! I am in great awe and admiration of your womanizing skills."
Subaru said.
"Don't call me a womanizer!" I shouted.
"Dude, you're not convincing anyone with that many women." he deadpanned at me.
Meanwhile, I could feel the hateful gaze of one particular person in the theater. The guy came from Rio's
world, and he was staring at me like I personally offended him.
What the hell is up with this guy?
(A/N: If you've read Seirei Gensouki, you know exactly who this guy is.)
"I am Doctor Regina Babylon! An ancient genius from the lost civilization of Partheno, and I am Touya's
mistre-"
"No, you're not. Stop deluding yourself." I said immediately, trying to stop her nonsense.
"An ancient genius?" Echidna asked.
"She's a genius from around 5000 years ago in my world and has invented a lot of magical artifacts and
gadgets. She even managed to build this giant floating island in the sky and divided into 9 parts for me to
find." I explained.
"Wait, if she's from 5000 years ago, how did she know about you?" Souma asked.
"Well, she had this artifact that allowed her to see the future of a person with a similar magical affinity as
her, which turned out to be me."
"That's... really impressive." Ainz said.
"Hah, as impressive as she is, she's also a massive pervert who's much worse than Rudeus is." I said.
"Surely she can't be that bad..." Rudeus said.
"Oh, she is that bad." I said with absolute certainty.
"Oh, Touya, you hurt the feelings of your mistre-"
"I said that you're not my mistress. Stop saying nonsense." I sighed in exasperation.
"Somehow, I feel really bad for him." Fran said.
"I feel bad for him, too." Teacher replied.
"I am Preliora, Airframe Serial Number 20. I am the Terminal Gynoid in charge of Babylon's Rampart."
"She's related to Babylon?" Rimuru asked.
"Yeah, she created these nine girls to take care of the nine parts of the floating island I was talking
about."

"I am Bell Flora, Airframe Serial Number 21. I'm in charge of Babylon's Alchemy Lab!"
"I'm Atlantica, Airframe Serial Number 22. I am the one responsible for Babylon's Research Lab."
"My name is Francesca, Airframe Serial Number 23. I am the one in charge of Babylon's Garden."
"I am Irisfam. Airframe Serial Number 24. I am the Gynoid in charge of Babylon's Library."
"I'm... Pamela Noel...(yawn)... Airframe Serial Number 25... I'm responsible for... Babylon's Tower..."
"My name's Lileleparshe, Airframe Serial Number 26. I'm the gynoid responsible for Babylon's
Storehouse!"
"I am High Rosetta, Airframe Serial Number 27! I am the one in charge of Babylon's Workshop!"
"I'm Fredmonica, Airframe Serial Number 28! I'm in charge of Babylon's Hangar!"
"I'm Mochizuki Karen! I'm the God of Love, now taking the role of Touya's big sister, you know!"
"Wait, wait, wait! God of Love?! Like, an actual god?!" Rimuru asked in disbelief.
"Yeah. In my world, she's a god, yeah. She's absolutely useless, though." I said.
"Hey! That's a mean thing to say to your big sister, you know?!"
"It's true, though." I said.
Everyone else was just astonished about the fact that there was an actual god here, and she's not the only
one.
"I'm Mochizuki Moroha. I'm the God of Swords, and I also take the role of Touya's older sister."
"God of Swords?!"
"I'm listening." Fran said.
"A god of swords, huh?" Eris said excitedly.
"Hoho, this is interesting..." Hakurou said.
"This is interesting, indeed." Wilhelm said.
Many of the swordsmen in the audience also expressed interest in Moroha.
"I'm the God of Agriculture."
"So what are you guys doing here?" I asked them.
"Well, the Everlasting 'ere said that we're involved in yar journey, so he invited us here!"
"Jeez, I wonder how..." I said, scratching my head.
"Touya, how are you involved with actual gods?" Yumina asked.
"You'll see."

"That guy's the God of Music." the God of Agriculture said, and the God of Music simply played a tune
in his guitar, as if introducing himself that way.
"I'm the God of Hunting!"
"I'm the God of Alcohol!" she said while taking a drink from her tankard.
"Why the hell do you look like a little girl?!" I asked.
"Eh? It doesn't really matter, isn't it? Come on, drink up! The booze here tastes great! I want to thank
Everlasting for this!"
"You're welcome." they said.
"That looks so weird." Rimuru said.
"Yeah, it does." Rudeus agreed with him.
"Hello! My name is Endymion, though you can all just call me Ende. I'm a part of a race of travelers that
travel from world to world!"
"So, you just go to different worlds all the time?" Subaru asked.
"Yes!"
Many were fascinated by him, but didn;t comment on anything as the Sovereign Phrase introduced
herself.
"It's a pleasure to meet you. I am Melle, the former sovereign of a far-off planet named Phrasia. I am a
part of the race known as a Phrase."
"She's an alien?" Rimuru asked.
"More like beings from another world, but I guess you can call them aliens."
"How are you involved in Touya's story, then?" Ainz asked.
"I honestly do not know. This is the first time I've met Mochizuki Touya." she said.
"Well..." I tried to explain myself briefly about her involvement, but then got silenced as this
overwhelming pressure took over me, and I was almost forced down to the ground. I saw Everlasting
stare at me with my own face.
I forgot about the spoilers! So that's how it is, huh? Considering this guy is a genuine god, I'm not
surprised he's able to do this to me even with my divinity.
"I guess you'll have to find that out later..." I said, causing everyone to nod as they had just all accepted
the spoiler restriction.
"With the introductions finished, it's time for us to see Touya's beginnings!"

The story begins in an unusual place. There were two figures, sitting on a small square of tatami
mats. It was furnished with a small tea table, a set of drawers, an old telephone, and an old-

fashioned TV. The two figures sitting there were an old man wearing a simple kimono, God
Almighty, and a young man named Mochizuki Touya.
"Huh. Well that explains all the gods." - Rimuru
"Yeah. So is that guy like the one in charge of all of them or something?" - Subaru
"Yes, he is. For simplicity's sake, just call him God Almighty."
"How fascinating." - Echidna
The two were discussing about what happened to the young man. Specifically, his death. God
apologized to Touya for being responsible for his death, claiming it to have been his mistake. Touya
then remembered that it began to rain just as he was going home from school, then he was struck
by lightning, which ended up being the cause of his death. Because of this, he was brought here so
that God can apologize to him.
"That's... nice of him." - Rio
"A god apologizing for making a mistake? How humble." - Souma
"He's really nice."
"When you're incredibly powerful, you can act however you want, huh?" - Guy
"You were hit by lightning? That's certainly a way to die." - Subaru
God remarked that Touya was far too calm for the situation. He responded by saying that since he
was dead, there was no use pointing fingers at anybody, and besides, he still had a hard time
processing that he was, in fact, dead.
"Very reasonable. It's really difficult to process the fact that you're dead, especially in situations like
these." - Subaru
"He is still very exceptionally calm, though, especially considering that the one responsible for his death
is right in front of him." - Lugh
"Yeah, Touya. For a guy who just died, you really are very calm." - Elze
"As I told God Almighty, there's really no use to panicking."
God then made him an offer. He is going to bring him back to life in a different world, since there
are rules against reviving him back in his old one. Touya accepted, stating that he was at least given
the chance to start anew.
"So even he has to follow some rules, huh?" - Rimuru
"Honestly, I don't really understand it too much. I guess God Almighty just wanted to restrain his
intervention when it comes to mortals, so he created a bunch of rules for the gods to follow, including
himself." - Touya
"Why doesn't he want to intervene with mortals?" - Lugh
"He believes that mortals should decide their own destiny, and that he doesn't want gods doing stuff for
them."

"Heh, I like this guy already." - Teacher
With this in mind, Touya asked about what kind of world he was going to be thrown into, and God
answered that it was a world where society was very similar to that of the Middle Ages. Touya
wondered whether he would be able to survive in such a situation, but then thought of an idea. He
requested for God to allow him to bring his smartphone with him.
"Why?" - Rimuru
"I'm really attached to it, and I honestly couldn't think of anything else to bring with me."
"How are you going to charge it? What about service?" - Rudeus
"Don't worry, we'll get to that."
God allowed it but gave him some restrictions. He can't use it to interact with his old world, either
through texting, calling, or posting on websites. He is just capable of using it to search or browse
through stuff. He is also going to be able to charge it using his magic, surprising Touya. God then
told him that he'll be able to use magic in due time. God also gave him a boost in all of his
capabilities, making him smarter, stronger, faster, and much more durable than the average
human.
"I guess that's the answer to my question, then." - Rudeus
"This guy is extremely nice, it's insane..." - Subaru
"Out of everyone of us so far, he's probably the luckiest one." - Rimuru
And I'm pretty sure, based on my own experience, he's definitely the luckiest one out of all of us. - Souma,
Teacher, Rio, Lugh
God also told him that he gave him his number, and that when he needs advice, Touya can just call
on God when necessary. After that, both of them said their farewells as Touya blacked out.
"So you can just call him whenever you want? That is one hell of a benefit..." - Subaru
"Imagine being able to call god like that..." - Roxy
"Wait, I have a question. Why isn't he here?"
"A couple of reasons. First, he's more powerful than me. I'm already having a slightly difficult time
containing all of you here. Putting him here may compromise the structure of the theater. Second, he
already knows what's happening here anyway. And finally, there's no point in him knowing anybody's
adventures, since he won't be intervening in any of it." - Everlasting
"You have a point..."
When he woke up, he was in the middle of a grassland. There was a road nearby, and he also saw a
large tree in the distance. He was, unmistakably, in another world.
"That looks pretty normal in our standards, though." - Subaru
"Oh right, Subaru. How did you know that you're in another world almost immediately after arriving?" Emilia

"The demi-humans just casually walking around. There were only humans back home, so it was really
easy to realize I was in another world." - Subaru
"Ah, I see." - Emilia
When he began to take note of his surroundings, he realized that he was practically in the middle of
nowhere. Before he was able to decide, he was called by God on his phone. After checking on him,
he then informed Touya that the map and compass feature on his phone has been adjusted to the
other world, so he is now capable of navigating his way throughout the world. After thanking him
for the information, he hung up. He then checked on his map, and saw the the nearest town was a
town named Reflet , so decided to walk towards there.
"Yep, I knew it. That phone is already helping him." - Rimuru
"A map feature, huh?" - Souma
"Touya was the only person so far that really needs such a thing, seeing as he basically got transported in
the middle of nowhere." - Rudeus
As he began to walk, he realized that he had no food nor water, and that finding money to spend on
such necessities will be difficult for him.
"That will be a problem for him indeed." - Leen
"Where did you get the money, Touya?" - Elze
"You'll see."
"Somehow, even in a situation like this, I feel like the guy will get lucky." - Subaru
Really, I believe that Touya had the exact opposite luck as I did. Not that I'm complaining, it's just
fascinating and a little annoying to see. - Subaru
Just as he began to think on what to do, he saw a carriage headed on the same direction as him.
Noticing how well the carriage looked, he thought it was some noble's carriage and decided to give
way as to not cause any trouble. Just as the carriage passed by him, it suddenly stopped. A welldressed man came out, and immediately asked him about his clothing.
"Oh, so he's the first person you met, Touya?" - Yumina
"Yeah. I'm really grateful for his help here."
"I don't think he's a noble. A merchant, perhaps?" - Lugh
"Yeah, a merchant."
Touya was naturally bewildered by this, but then he figured out from the man's musings that his
uniform was rare, which was why the man took interest in it. Touya, thinking quickly, decided to
offer him his clothing in exchange for money and a new set of clothing. The man obliged and
invited him to his carriage in order to take him into town for the transaction. And so, the two took
off.
Along the way, the gentleman introduced himself as Zanac, who works in the fashion industry as a
clothing merchant, which explained his reaction to the rare clothing. He then passed the time by
looking on at the scenery of the new world he was now going to call his new home.

"Well, this luck is ridiculous." - Subaru
"That is extremely lucky. Not only did the first person he met a kind individual, but he also met the one
of the few individuals that can provide you with the money you needed at this point as well as a free ride
to town." - Ainz
"Unless he scams him, but with Touya's luck, that is actually unlikely." - Roroa
"Did he scam you?" - Rimuru
"You'll see."
Eventually, they arrived at town, and Touya was immediately brought to Zanac's store. After being
brought there, he was asked to sell every clothing he had much to his exasperation. He did get
money out of it, though. Ten gold coins and a set of new clothes. Touya asked about the nearest inn,
and Zanac pointed him towards the Silver Moon Inn. Touya thanked him, then went on his way.
"So was that a scam? Did he rip you off?" - Rimuru
"1 gold coin is equal to 100,000 yen."
"So you got a million yen on your first day?! I'm just amazed at how much luck you have!" - Subaru
"I'm now questioning whether that god really didn't intervene with anything now." - Nanahoshi
Before I can respond to that, my phone suddenly started ringing, much to everyone's surprise. As I
suspected, God was calling me.
"My boy, put this on loudspeaker."
I did, and God Almighty talked to Nanahoshi-san.
"I assure you, young woman, I did not intervene at all with young Touya over there."
"He actually called, huh?" - Rimuru
"I... see." - Nanahoshi
"Oh, Nanahoshi is actually embarrassed. That's rare." - Rudeus
"Shut up, Rudeus." - Nanahoshi
"Oh, and young man, make sure to turn off your phone in the theater."
Oh right.
I then silenced my phone out of embarrassment, and we continued with the viewing.
Touya then located the inn, and asked the receptionist, who he learned later was named Micah,
about a room at the inn. Due to having more money than he originally expected, Touya decided to
pay for a month's worth of expenses at the inn. He then registered his name, and the innkeeper
commented that Touya was from Eashen due to his unique name, and Touya just went with it.
After checking out his room and eating some lunch at the inn, he decided to explore the town.
"Another lucky thing about Touya. There is a place in that world that can be used as a convenient cover
for him." - Ainz

And I didn't even use it. Oh well.
He was fascinated by how unusual the town was compared to what he is used to. He also noticed
the unusual amount of people wielding weapons in the town but thought nothing much of it. As he
is about to think of looking for a job, he heard an argument of sorts happening. He decided to
investigate it, seeing as he has nothing to do.
Once he reached the location, he saw who was arguing. It was between a group of rough-looking
men and two girls, who looked like twins. One had longer hair and had a brash personality, while
the other was a shotr-haired girl who was a lot more reserved. They were arguing about what
looked to be the antler of what was called a Crystal Deer. From the looks of it, the girls were being
scammed by the men. Touya, wanting to save the girls and resolve the situation peacefully, decided
to destroy the antler to remove the source of conflict. Unfortunately, that had been a poor choice on
his part, as that led to the men attacking him. Astonishingly enough for him, though, the men were
slow in Touya's perspective, and he beat them easily enough.
"So he met the twins first..." - Rudeus
"You know that God told you that he increased your overall capabilities, right?" - Subaru
"I didn't know by how much, though."
"Well, it was definitely a lot." - Rimuru
"Man, to think that our life changed from this one incident, huh?" - Elze
"You're right, Sis." - Linze
Touya concluded that this was all a result of God's blessing on him. Once he had defeated all of the
men, he paid the two a gold coin for their troubles. The two then thanked him, and introduced
themselves as a pair of twins, Elze and LInze Silhoueska. Both of them were new to town and told
Touya the story of how the whole argument happened, which simply boiled down to the two being
scammed by those men. The two then thought to register at the guild instead the next day, as it was
a lot more legitimate and safer than going through fellows like those.
"Honestly, why the hell would you accept such a shady request, anyway?"
"Uhhh..." - Elze
She couldn't defend her actions and simply scratched her head in embarrassment.
"It doesn't really matter anyway! I would have beaten them up instead!" - Elze
"Really? That's not a very good defense, you know?"
"Please leave Sis alone, Touya." - Linze
And so, I did.
Touya, seeing an opportunity to get a job, asked them if he could tag along with them. The two
agreed, and all of them headed to their rooms in order to get some rest for tomorrow.
The next day, the three headed towards the guild to register as adventurers. As they began the
process, Touya groaned at his inability to read and write in the world.

"Out of all the blessings He gave you, there's no automatic translation for reading and writing? That feels
like an oversight." - Rimuru
"Considering how hard it is to learn another language, even in just reading and writing, that is just
unfortunate." - Subaru
They were then given simple explanations about the guild's rules, and after they had registered
with the guild, they went straight to taking quests. After finding a decent enough quest, they then
headed to a weapons shop to get Touya a weapon, since he didn't have one. Once they arrived, they
began selecting weapons, until Touya found and acquired a katana from the weapons shop.
"Where did you put that katana, Touya-dono?" - Yae
"It's in my Storage. It's unfortunate that it doesn't come out much, but I really don't have much use for it
now."
"I see." - Yae
They then went to the location indicated for their quest, and it went smoothly for them. Touya and
Elze's physical prowess as well as Linze's magic settled the quest without much problem, though
Touya was a bit annoyed that he missed his opportunity to see magic properly for the first time.
After they had their quest officially completed and had gotten their reward, they treated
themselves to a meal. It was then that Touya asked to be taught how to read and write as well as
magic.
"Wait, you guys weren't confused that Touya doesn't know how to read and write when he can talk to you
just fine?" - Rimuru
"It's not really that confusing. After all, conversational language is much easier to learn than written
language." - Linze
"Ah, I guess you're right." - Rimuru
The twins were surprised about the request and asked about his attribute.
"Magic is highly influenced by the... aptitude that you're born with! People without the gift for it...
won't be able to use magic at all..."
Hmm... So, magic wasn't something that just anybody could use. Well, that made sense. After all, if
everyone could use magic, then civilization would have been far more based around it.
"I'm pretty sure most of our worlds besides, I think, the Slime and Overlord worlds, have this sort of
system with magics. I mean, that is similar to how ours work." - Souma
"It's very similar to ours, too." - Lugh
"The gift for it, huh... You know, I think I'll be fine on that front. Someone, uh, guaranteed that I'd be
able to use magic if I wanted to."
"Who told you that?"
"Oh uh... just a very, very important person." It was God, as a matter of fact. Hah. Yeah right. They'll
think I'm insane if I tell them that. I figured it'd be best to keep that part to myself.

"Yeah, we probably wouldn't have believed him. Hell, I can hardly believe it now, and I saw all of it
myself!" - Elze
"You were literally strangers to me at the time. Of course I wouldn't tell you such an unbelievable story."
"You're not wrong." - Elze
"I mean, is there any way to test whether someone has any aptitude for magic?"
At my question, Linze pulled out some translucent stones from the pouch around her waist. Red, blue,
yellow, and perfectly clear; they shone almost like they were made of glass. Each one was about one
centimeter around. Looking at them, I remembered that there was a similar one on Linze's silver
wand. The one on her wand was bigger than the pebbles she placed before me, though.
"Okay, so what are these?" I asked, clearly confused by her actions.
"They're, uhm, spellstones. They can be used to amplify, store, and release magical energy. We can
use these to test whether or not you have aptitude for magic. But it can only provide a rough estimate,
either way..." Linze whispered something like "I wonder if water would be the easiest to
demonstrate..." before picking up the blue stone.
"Okay, let's place bets! Who here thinks that Touya will have aptitude for all elements?" - Subaru
Instantly, every protagonist, as well as many in the audience, all raised their hands.
"Really?"
"With your luck, I don't doubt it." - Hinata
He's definitely a great example of one of those typical isekai protagonists. - Al
"I'm also going to add that his magical power capacity probably exceeds average capacity by a long
shot." - Rudeus
"That's definitely likely." - Subaru
S he held it over the cup that she'd finished drinking her tea out of.
"Come forth, Water!" At Linze's command, a small amount of water flowed from the spellstone and
into the teacup.
"Whoa."
"This is how you cast a spell. Just now, the spellstone responded to my magical energy and created
water."
"By the way..." Elze cut in, then took the spellstone from her sister. After that, she tried to cast the
same spell. "Come forth, Water!"
The spellstone refused to activate. Not even a droplet of water poured out.
"This is what happens when you have no aptitude for an element. See, this means I can't use Water
magic."
"You can't use it even though your twin sister can?"

"Man, you really don't think before you speak, huh? I mean, no offense taken, but still..."
"Bad habit there, buddy." - Subaru
"You're also a thoughtless fool, Barusu." - Ram
"And that's why I said it's a bad habit, Ram!" - Subaru
"I am glad that you at least recognize how pathetic you can be, Barusu." - Ram
"Urghk! That hurts my feelings!" - Subaru
"You need to be careful with what you say more, Touya-san." - Satsuki
"Yeah, I know."
"Do you now?" - Elze
"Of course I do!"
Whoops. That was a pretty poor slip of the tongue. It didn't seem like she was seriously angry at me,
though, more like sulking a little. I was just glad my thoughtless comment hadn't hurt her.
"Now I'm questioning how he got all those girls..." - Subaru (whispering)
"In exchange for not being able to use Water magic, Sis can use Fortification magic... I can't use that
type, personally... You need the proper aptitude to use Fortification magic, too."
Things suddenly made a lot more sense. I had been wondering where she was packing all that punch
in that slender frame of hers, but the mystery had been solved.
"Oh yeah, she does look slim for someone that strong." - Subaru
"Heh, I kinda want to fight 'er now!" - Garfiel
"I wonder what would happen if I fight her..." - Eris (whispering)
"Everyone has some magical energy inside them, but unless they have the aptitude to use it, they won't
be able to channel it into any spells."
Seemed like everything hinged on whether or not you had the gift for it. Those without talent were just
out of luck. It seemed that this world was just as unfair as the last.
"Just be glad that you didn't become a target of that unfairness, Touya." - Subaru
"Trust me, I'm thankful of that everyday."
"So, we'll be able to test my aptitude if I do the same?"
"Yes. Just take the stone in your hand and focus on it, then chant Come forth, Water! Then, if you
have the aptitude... water should come out." Elze handed me the blue spellstone as she said that.
I put a plate down under my hand to keep the table from getting wet, then held the stone above it and
began to concentrate. I cast the spell I had just been taught. "Come forth, Water!" Before I could even
blink, the spellstone started gushing out water like a broken faucet.

"Uh-oh-huh-wha-?!"I dropped the spellstone hurriedly, and the waterfall immediately ceased. Sadly,
though, it was too late. The table looked like it had just been soaked down with a hose, and the
tablecloth was drenched.
"Welp, I can't say I didn't expect that." - Rudeus
"...What the heck does this mean?" I looked at the two sisters sitting in front of me, seeking some kind
of explanation for the bizarre scene. Neither one answered me, though. They just sat there, looking on
in amazement at the spectacle before them. It honestly looked like the expressions on their faces had
been copied and pasted. In fact, it was all so silly that I almost found myself laughing.
"It is a funny image. You rarely see that with those two." - Yumina
The aforementioned twins just blushed in embarrassment. Honestly, the two really looked cute.
"W-W-W-What are you saying, Touya?!" - Linze
"C-C-Come on, T-T-T-Touya, you can't j-j-just say things like that all of a s-s-sudden!" - Elze
Ah, I said those things out loud.
Many in the theater chuckled at our display.
"Never mind, I can see it now." - Subaru
"Smooth bastard." - Rudeus
"...Touya, you have so much magical energy that it's almost overflowing... I think. To cause such a
strong reaction with such a tiny stone and only the fragment of a spell... and on your first attempt,
too... It's just...your magical energy seems to be obscenely potent... I can't believe my own eyes, even
though I just saw it."
"...You're really much more suited to being a mage, I think. Seriously, I've never seen anything like
this in my life."
"Well, when you're blessed by God itself, that's a natural outcome." - Roxy
"True enough." - Rudeus
Seemed I had the potential after all, just like God told me I would. My sheer talent in the field was
surely the work of God, too. It had to be. I mean, I wasn't about to complain about it, I was just glad to
know that I really could use magic.
They then left the cafe and began the magic training later. The next day, Linze and Touya began
their training and tested the other attributes and realized that he actually had affinity for all
elements, leading the girl being stunned by his incredible talent. Linze then explains the other
attributes to him. Specifically, light, dark, and null attributes.
"Yep, I knew it!" - Subaru
"Is there really any doubt?" - Souma
"No." - Rudeus, Rimuru, Teacher, Ainz
Why do I feel like something's off, though? Do you feel it too, Raphael? - Rimuru

<Answer. Indeed, The individual Mochizuki Touya is emitting a strange and powerful energy that is
fueling his power, including his magical ability.>
I see. Can you try to investigate it? - Rimuru.
<Answer. Yes, I can.>
Please do so. - Rimuru
Light attribute is essentially healing magic or anything connected to light, the dark attribute allows
him to summon magical beasts, while null spells are essentially personal spells that does not fit into
any other attribute.
Ah, it's different from ours. Personal magic in our world is called Dark magic instead of Null. - Liscia
"Null magic is essentially similar to our world's divine protections." - Julius
"Indeed." - Reinhard
After testing the other six attributes, Touya asked how he could test his attribute for Null magic.
Linze said that it only depends on whether he can cast any of the Null spells available, like Elze's
Boost, Power Rise, or rarer ones like Gate.
Touya decided to test it out by using Gate, and it worked as a portal appeared in front of them. The
portal actually transported them to the forest where they did their quest yesterday, and they were
seen by Elze who was doing her quest there. Gate was a spell that is used to get to places the caster
had already been in once, which is why the Gate led to that forest. The twins were amazed by
Touya's talent in magic and Touya can only offer a wry smile at this. With that, they finished his
magic training and they all went home.
"That's a useful spell to have." - Rimuru
"Yeah, imagine how easy it is to travel with that around." - Lugh
"I still feel that there is more to that Null affinity than we're shown, though." - Rimuru
They then continued doing quests until their ranks increased from Black to Purple, and now they
could the higher-ranked quests. After some deliberations, they picked a quest about delivering a
letter to the capital, requested by the clothing merchant Zanac Zenfield. After taking the quest and
receiving some money for traveling expenses, they then began traveling towards the capital.
They then stopped at a town along the way and stayed at an inn there. As their lodgings had been
settled, they began looking for a place to eat when they heard a scuffle going on somewhere. When
they checked it out, they saw a girl wearing a pink kimono wielding a katana being confronted by a
bunch of men.
"Ah, it's Yae this time!" - Lucia
"Let's see what happens here." - Rimuru
"Yeah, let's see how he adds another one to his collection." - Subaru
The grin on their faces were unmistakable. I just sighed at the attitude of my fellow protagonists.
The girl had actually turned over one of the thugs to the authorities, so the others tried to get their
revenge on her. A fight then ensued, with the battle first being in the girl's favor, but then she

staggered a little bit, leading to Touya intervening to save her life, and having both of the twins
intervene as well. In the end, they all defeated the thugs and handed them all over to the authorities
before leaving the area.
"Question, did you save the lives of every one of your fiances when you met them?" - Rudeus
"Not really."
When I met Yumina, I saved the king's life, not hers. As for Leen, we did meet under weird circumstances,
but her life wasn't in danger at the time. With that said, I saved most of them. I saved Sue from her
attackers, I saved Lu's life during the coup d'etat, I saved Sakura when she was almost dying, I also
saved Hilde's life from the Phrase attack. Rudeus's question wasn't exactly unfounded.
The girl introduced herself as Kokonoe Yae, a wandering samurai from Eashen. She thanked them
for intervening in the fight. After revealing to the group that he wasn't actually from Eashen, much
to the surprise of the twins, he asked what was going on with Yae and why she was unsteady on her
feet back at the fight. She revealed that she had just been starving, and so she joined Touya's party.
"Okay, you had a convenient cover story with Eashen and you just didn't use it?! I'm surprised nobody
asked you more questions!" - Subaru
"Yeah, you didn't ask more questions?"- Rio
"We had been hanging out with Touya for a while at that point. With his power, he could have done some
nasty things with us, but he didn't." - Elze
"I would never do something like that!"
"We know, and that's why we didn't really question your origins. Not like it nattered much, didn't it?" Elze
Yae then told her story to the group. She was from a family of warriors on a journey to get stronger
with the blade. She said that she was headed to the capital to meet someone that was important to
Yae's father. Given that they both had the same destination, Touya offered Yae to join their party,
in which she agreed.
They then asked where she was staying, and when they found out that she was going to sleep
outside, they offered her money to pay for her stay at the inn. Yae hesitated, and refused their offer
at first, but then, Touya offered to buy her hairpin as a sneaky way to give her money. With that
problem solved, they all stayed at the inn and prepared for tomorrow.
"His nice guy index is off the charts!" - Subaru
I smiled, considering that he said the same thing about Reinhard previously. Based on his grin, it was
intentional.
When tomorrow came, they all departed for the capital once more. As they traveled, Touya
continued studying for any Null spells that he could use, since he found out that he had the ability
to use any Null spell that he knows the name of.
Both Elze and Linze simply accepted it as one of Touya's eccentricities and simply went along with
it.
"There is something more about his Null magic capabilities. Just as I thought." - Rimuru
"Yeah, the guy is definitely similar to Reinhard." - Subaru

"How many Null spells do you have, Touya?" - Rio
"I honestly do not know. I lost count."
"That's nuts." - Subaru
"He must have a lot of them, then." - Teacher
Unfortunately for Touya, finding a useful Null spell was more difficult than he thought, given that
most Null spells are downright useless. Eventually, he found a useful one.
"A spell that allows the caster to retrieve small items from afar, eh... Wonder if I can use this one."
"Why not test it out?" Linze peeked over at the page. Good point, it seemed simple enough to test.
"[Apport]!" I exclaimed. However, nothing happened. Huh? I'd definitely felt the sensation of
something being drawn toward me... Elze called over to me when she noticed that the spell had failed
to activate properly.
"What'd you try to grab hold of?"
"Yae's katana. Figured I'd try giving her a bit of a small fight. Hmm... Oh, maybe it was too big? It
does say it only works on small items, after all." I tried once again with a clearer image in mind.
"[Apport]!"
"Fwah?!"
I heard Yae's startled voice coming from the driver's seat. In my hand was the cord she had been using
to tie her hair back.
"Ahh, so the spell allows you to grab things from afar that can fit in your hand." - Souma
"Yeah."
"Pretty useful." - Lugh
"Looks like it worked. Could be a fairly convenient spell, but it's also quite a fearsome thing as well,"
Linze warned.
"What's fearsome about me using that spell?"
"I mean, it grabs things without leaving a trace behind. With a skill like that, someone could
pickpocket all they wanted."
"I see... That's actually kinda scary, huh? You could use that power to freely steal all the money and
jewelry you wanted."
"That is... a possibility." - Sylphiette
"Well, I doubt he would do something like that." - Eris
" ...Don't you dare use it for that.""...Please don't use it for that..." Elze and Linze both met me with
scornful eyes. What a rude accusation.
"It was kind of a rude accusation, huh?" - Elze

"Considering how generous Touya had been earlier, it was a rude accusation, Sis." - Linze
"Don't be ridiculous, I'd never do that! Oh... I wonder if underwear's a valid target for this spell..."
Elze and Linze both bolted upright and moved a bit further away from me. Oh, come on, it was a joke!
"That's a lot worse than stealing money, dumbass!" - Subaru
"Not a good joke, Touya." - Hinata
"I know, I know."
"Whoever does anything like that is a filthy scumbag." - Shion
"I agree, Shion." - Shuna
"Imagine if there's someone like that in this theater. How repulsive." - Albedo
"The women here are definitely going to jump whoever that is." - Rimuru
"I'm going to cut their thing off." - Fran
"Wait, Fran! Where did you learn something like that?" - Teacher
Heh, he better be thankful I didn't include him in the theater. - Everlasting
=Meanwhile, in the town of Axel=
"Achoo!"
"What's wrong, Kazuma?"
"I think someone's talking about me... or maybe Megumin didn't take a bath again..."
"How dare you?! I took a bath together with Aqua earlier! Wait, why are you sniffing me?!"
=Back in the Isekai Theater=
Yeah, he really needs to be thankful. - Everlasting
(A/N: Yeah, this is the only time we'll see Konosuba in this fic. Savor it, Konosuba fans.)
"Uhm... my hair is kind of flying everywhere in the wind right now, it is..." Yae turned to face me,
quite clearly asking for me to return her cord so that she could tie her hair back up. Whoops, forgot
about that for a second there.
They then traveled through many towns, and three days have passed since they started their
journey. As they continued their travels, Touya began practicing a new Null spell he discovered,
Long Sense, that allowed him to extend his senses in long distances. Touya then noticed something
odd with his senses.
"You know, that spell can also be used for perverted purposes..." - Rudeus
"Of course, you of all people will say something like that." - Nanahoshi
I flinched, remembering that time I used Long Sense with my phone and saw something... that will
definitely get me in trouble here.

Oh, I really hope they don't show that...
The smell of blood.
He then immediately scanned his surroundings to look for the source of that smell, and he found it.
It was what looked to be a nobleman's carriage being attacked by a group of Lizardmen with a
man with black robes surrounding them.
"Ah!" - Sue
"Wait, what is it, Sue?" - Lucia
"Heh, you'll see." - Sue
A battle ensued, one that ended quite easily when they killed the Lizardmen's summoner. After
that the group assessed the situation, they heard a girl calling for help inside the carriage. When
they arrived there, they saw a little girl crying over an old man that was dying from an arrow
lodged at his chest.
Sue's smile turned into a frown as she remembered that Leim almost died in our first meeting.
"Touya, I know I already did this, but thank you for saving Gramps..." - Sue (whispering)
"I said it's fine, Sue. I'm just glad he's safe." (whispering)
"Oh no!" - Celia
"I-Is he going to be okay?!" - Sylphie
"Don't worry, he's going to be fine."
The girl cried, while the old man began to say his farewells to her. At first, Touya asked Linze if she
can heal him, and she said it was too risky to do it with the arrow stuck on the man's chest. Touya,
thinking quickly, decided to use Apport to retrieve the piece of the arrow from his chest before
healing him. This led to the man's life being saved, much to the relief of everyone involved.
Many in the theater sighed in relief as well.
"Thank goodness." - Emilia
"Nice thinking on your part, Touya." - Rimuru
"I'm glad I managed to think of that solution last minute."
After burying the corpses of the fallen, both the old man and young girl showed their gratitude to
Touya, who simply accepted them awkwardly. They introduced themselves to them as Leim, a
servant of the Ortlinde household, and the girl introduced herself as the daughter of Duke Alfred
Urnes Ortlinde, Sushie Urnea Ortlinde. While Touya just nodded, having already guessed that they
were nobles, his other three companions paled considerably.
When asked why, they explained that the Duke is the highest noble title, given only to relatives of
royalty, and they immediately prostrated themselves to her. Sushie, who asked them to call her Sue,
told them to rise and not to prostrate to her as they were not in a formal setting, and that because
she owes them her life, they don't need to be formal with her.
"I noticed that she speaks differently here than what is shown on the screen." - Crusch

"Well, yeah, it was my first time meeting them. I have to keep up appearances since I'm the daughter of a
duke, you know!" - Sue
"I see." - Crusch
The group asked them what they were doing in a place like this. Sue then stated that they were on
the way to return to the capital from their grandmother's place when they were attacked by that
cloaked figure. Due to the fact that he had been beheaded by Yae, they couldn't interrogate him on
who was behind this attack. Leim then gave the party a request to guard them on their way to the
capital since they were both on the way there. The group agreed, and so they both headed on their
way.
"Do you guys know who is responsible for this attack?" - Rimuru
"Yeah. We'll settle this mess soon after this."
Eventually, they reached the capital of Belfast, and Leim began to explain to them about some
things regarding the capital as they traveled there. Once they reached the duke's mansion in the
capital, they were treated to the unfamiliar sight of maids greeting them. Soon, the duke appeared,
hugging his daughter in relief as he saw her safe and sound. After their heartwarming reunion, he
gave his heartfelt gratitude towards them.
A conversation then began between them, discussing who was behind the attack on Sue. Later, Sue
arrived and mentioned her mother, Ellen. The duke then narrated the story of his wife and her
blindness, which was something that, even with all his resources, he couldn't cure no matter what.
This caused their family a lot of sorrow, and Sue actually travelled for the purpose of finding out
more about the spell, given that her grandfather had the ability to cure any ailment. They wanted
to search someone like that, though given that it was Null magic, they found it unlikely.
"Oh, that's bad. I sure hope there's someone there who can somehow use any and all Null spells!" Rimuru
"Touya is practically a walking deus ex machina, man." - Subaru
"Deus ex machina?" - Emilia
"Uhh, it's something that happens in stories where something good happens to the good guys without any
prior warning of it happening." - Subaru
"I see." - Emilia
The three members of Touya's party shouted loudly, startling everyone else. Touya was confused by
their reactions at first, but then they told him that he could potentially use that same spell given his
insane abilities. Touya understood, and immediately offered his help to Duke Ortlinde. The duke,
finally gaining hope about his wife, accepts it without hesitation.
"Oh my, do we have guests?" The lady sitting on the bed in the room we walked into strongly
resembled Sue. Looking at her almost made me believe I was glimpsing into Sue's future. The only
difference was that she had light brown hair in contrast to the blonde of her daughter.
Her white blouse and pastel blue skirt gave her an air of transience. To compare her to a flower, she
was less like a rose or a lily, and more like a baby's-breath. She was still young, too. Probably wasn't
even thirty yet. But I felt as though her youth only drew more attention to her blind eyes. Her eyes
were still open, but it felt like her gaze never quite settled on anything. It almost made one wonder
exactly where those eyes were gazing into.

"My name is Mochizuki Touya. It's a pleasure to meet you, Duchess Ellen."
"The pleasure is all mine. Darling, is this young man a friend of yours?"
"He is. He's someone that looked out for Sue while she was on her journey... and upon hearing about
your eyes, he said he would like to see what he could do."
"My eyes...?"
"Mother, please relax for a moment." Sue said. I quietly raised my hand and held it in front of
Duchess Ellen's eyes. My mind focused entirely on them as I cast the spell I had learned a moment
ago. Come on, please work...
"[Recovery]."
A soft light flowed from the palm of my hand into Duchess Ellen's eyes. When the light faded, I pulled
my hand away. Her gaze wandered for a moment before gradually settling down. After blinking her
eyelids a few times, she quietly turned to face in the direction of her husband and daughter.
"...I-I can... see? Darling...! I can see!" Tears began to flow from Duchess Ellen's eyes.
"Ellen...!"
"Mother!" The three of them clung to each other and started crying.
"I said what I said earlier, but when things like this happens, there's really nothing to complain about." Subaru
"I'm glad that your mother can see again, Sue-chan." - Amanda
"Thank you." - Sue
"You did good, Touya." - Souma
"He really did." - Ariel
"It's fascinating how much good he's doing, really." - Liscia
"You got that right." - Maria
Finally seeing her husband and daughter for the first time in half a decade, Duchess Ellen smiled
brightly through her tears. She simply continued gazing at their faces through tear-stained eyes. The
faces of her beloved family.
Leim, who had been quietly watching the scene from nearby, turned his face upwards and began
sniffling as well.
"Uwah... I'm so happy!" Elze choked out.
"I'm so glad for them as well..."
"I'm really pleased for them, I am...!"
Wait, why are you girls crying?! Huh? Hold on, does this make me a horrible person for being the
only one not to cry? I'm feeling pretty moved by this whole scene too, you know! It's just that I was

under so much pressure to make sure it worked that I'm more relieved than happy right now... Ah,
forget it.
"It is fine for you not to cry, Touya. You already helped enough by curing that woman." - Ainz
"Indeed. You saving her was more than enough." - Crusch
"You dummy. It's okay for you not to cry!" - Elze
"That's right. You saved Aunt Ellen, and that is more than enough." - Yumina
It's just really heartwarming to see ridiculously powerful individuals using their power to save as many
people as they can. - Rimuru
What a truly virtuous person. - Lugh
For the time being, we just warmly watched as the family rejoiced.
The duke became even more grateful to Touya after this, as not only did he save Sue, but he also
cured his wife as well. Touya said that he was just glad that everyone was alright, but Duke
Ortlinde refused to let him go without a reward. His reward was forty platinum coins, which
roughly equaled to forty million yen.
"What the hell!" - Subaru
"How much is that exactly?" - Anastasia
The protagonists and otherworlders in the audience then explained how much that is worth, which cause
much shock once they understood how much that is.
"That is... way too much." - Tarte
"To be fair, he did just save both his wife and daughter. I think that's a reasonable amount." - Lugh
Of course, Touya was shocked by this, and initially refused the reward, but the duke was insistent,
stating that he could probably use this money for later use. He also gave Touya and the others his
crest as a form of identification, granting him the ability to pass through any checkpoints with ease
as well as access facilities only accessible to nobles. After this, they all left the mansion, splitting the
money between the four of them, and giving most of it to the guild for savings.
"Good idea. Handling that much money all at once is not going to be easy. Better to stash it somewhere
safe for later use." - Souma
"Definitely a good idea." - Teacher
"Is there a storage null spell you can use for that?" - Rio
"There is, but at the time, I still haven't learnt it yet."
The four then went straight to the home of the receiver of Zanac's message, which turned out to be
the same person, Viscount Swordrick, which also turned out to be the same person that Yae wanted
to meet. In the end, after the quest had been accomplished, the viscount and Yae talked to one
another as he revealed that it was Yae's father, Jubei, who trained the viscount in swordsmanship.
The two ended up sparring after that. As the fight was about to begin, Touya pointed the back of
his smartphone at the two fighters, much to the twin's confusion.

"Oh, he's going to record it." - Rimuru
"I do wonder why you decided to record the match, Touya-dono?" - Yae
"Well, no offense, but I had a feeling that you would lose, Yae. I recorded it so that you'll be able to
review the match as much as possible."
"No offense taken, Touya-dono. I'm actually glad you recorded it. It allowed me to learn what the
viscount was trying to teach me much earlier that I could have been had you not recorded it." - Yae
Elze, serving as the referee, began the match. The duel was fierce, but unfortunately, it ended in
Yae's loss. When they left, Yae was shaken by the defeat that was handed to her by the viscount. It
left her feeling despairing and not knowing where to go next. Elze, seeing this, decided to invite her
to their party to continue adventuring and hone their skills further, something that Touya agreed
with.
"The world is a very big place, it is... I did not think I was facing someone that strong... I have a long
path ahead of me, I do..." Yae slowly muttered those words.
"I know that you are much stronger now, Yae-dono, but please let this old man give you some advice.
You are still young. You must not be discouraged by defeats, but instead use them to become better with
the blade." - Wilhelm
"Thank you for your advice, Wilhelm-dono." - Yae
What a pleasant old man that guy is. Seems like a great guy to hang out with.
So she was still hung up on that... Must've been quite a shock.
"The final strike especially... I do not understand how it happened, I don't. I thought I was going to
parry the sword as it came from above... but it somehow hit me on my side..."
"That was something! I was right next to you, but even I didn't see what happened! It was like I
blinked, and you were suddenly lying on the floor, y'know?" To help Yae process it, Elze started
excitedly explaining what she saw.
"It is such a shame... If only I could see that attack one more time, if only..."
"But you can," I explained.
"...Excuse me?" My nonchalant words made Yae put on a rather silly expression and blink repeatedly.
I took out my smartphone, brought up the match I just recorded, and played it for her.
"That recording will definitely help her learn much quicker than she should have had." - Lugh
"I'm sure that will shock her like crazy..." - Subaru
"Wh-What is this?! Ah! W-Wait! That is me! And Viscount-dono! Elze-dono, too, she is!"
"Whoa, what the hell's this?! It's moving! But I'm right here! Eh? Wait, is that actually Linze?! Sis?!
No, she's right here, too! What's going on?!"
"Calm down."
"Ow!" "Ouch...!" I dropped a light chop on the top of their panicked little heads. They really needed
to calm down. Not like it wasn't funny, though.

"Glad you're having fun at our expense..." - Elze
"To be fair to Touya, it was a funny sight." - Leen
"You're not helping, Leen-dono." - Yae
"This is... sort of like my personal Null magic that allows the recording of events so you can see them
again later. I used it to record your match."
"It's ridiculous how easy he can just explain this away as another Null magic." - Rudeus
" Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic, right?" - Lugh
"That's true." - Rimuru
"That magic is amazing, it is!"
"Eh? What's that spell called?"
"Ah... smartphone, I guess?"
"Smawtforn... never heard of that one before. Well, whatever. It is non-elemental magic after all."
Elze folded her arms and tilted her head. Yae, on the other hand, took my smartphone and intently
gazed at the screen. Soon enough, she got to the scene where she was defeated.
"Right here, yes!" The sword that was supposed to go down on her head was actually going for her
side the whole time. Huh? I was quite sure it was an overhead strike...
"What does this mean...?"
"Dunno..." I asked Elze, who was watching it by my side, but she seemed as clueless about it as I was.
"T-Touya-dono! Is it possible to see it again, is it?!"
"It is, yeah. As many times as you like. Should I go from the start? Or just before you were defeated?"
"Before I was defeated!" I set the start point and handed the phone to Yae. The viscount approached
Yae and hit her straight on the side. He never did go for her head. But I was quite sure that...
"Shadesword..."
"Shadesword?" I was confused by the word she quietly muttered.
"It's a technique that turns high fighting spirit into a blade. Being an illusion, it doesn't have any
substance. However, since it is made of spirit, it has a presence you can feel, it does... That's why,
before you realize it, you acknowledge its existence. The viscount likely set the shadesword to attack
from above while he struck his real blade into my side. The shadesword was clad in a distracting
amount of fighting spirit... while the real one, which I couldn't feel, came from the side, it did! Yes... I
took the bait that he set, I did!" So she was shown an illusion? I'd thought a cold dose of reality would
make her even more depressed, but she was actually smiling. And it didn't look like the smile of
someone who gave up... It was like she had come to realize something. Her muttering seriously
creeped me out, though.
"M-My apologies for that, Touya-dono." - Yae
"It's fine."

"See, he learned that pretty quickly." - Subaru
"I knew that smartphone is going to be ridiculous..." - Rimuru
"My swordsmanship has no dark side, it doesn't. Now I see what he meant, yes. Sometimes, you don't
wait for openings in your enemy, but create them yourself... That is interesting, it is..."
"Hey, Yae. You okay?"
"I am, yes. Thank you, Touya-dono. You truly helped me, you did." Since Yae looked satisfied, I took
back my smartphone and placed it in my pocket. Well, it was good to help her cheer up.
Yae smiled at what I said and narrated.
The entire party then ended up going shopping in the Royal Capital, knowing that they had a lot of
money to spend. Touya decided to buy a set of protective equipment and used the crest he got from
the duke to shop at the more prestigious armor shops in the capital. As he walked in the capital, he
noticed a young beastman girl crying. When he asked what the problem was, she said that she had
lost her companion, and that she needed help. Using his smartphone, Touya managed to find the
lost companion relatively quickly. The two thanked Touya, then he simply went on his way.
He found the shop he was looking for, and after showing the duke's crest to the owner of the shop,
started browsing through the armors available. Eventually, he found the protective clothing perfect
for him. It was a coat that grants someone resistance to all of the magic they have an affinity with.
Due to Touya having affinity to all elements, this robe was perfect for him, and so he bought it.
"His luck continues..." - Ainz
"The fact that that same thing is what he's currently wearing right now means that thing must be
incredibly useful and durable." - Rudeus
They then met up later that day, and Touya used his Gate spell to get back to Reflet, much to Yae's
confusion. When they returned to the inn, they met Micah's dad, Dolan, who actually owned the
inn, and they asked whether Yae can get a room, in which they agreed.
The next day, Touya went back to the clothing merchant Zanac about the request that they
completed, as well as returned the remaining money that they were given as travel expenses back to
the merchant since they used Gate on the way back to Reflet. Zanac remarked on Touya's integrity,
and he replied that trust is an important thing to have, so he valued it.
"Truly, Mochizuki Touya is a trustworthy and kind individual." - Crusch
Many in the theater nodded at this, while I simply blushed at their praises.
The party then returned back to the guild, not only to get their reward but to register Yae to the
guild as well. They succeeded, and the party continued to take quests.
Two weeks passed since they returned from the capital, and on this day, it had been raining heavily
on the town of Reflet. Because of this, the group couldn't go on quests until the rain stopped, so
Touya immersed himself on magical studies. Specifically, he was reading a book that he had
acquired in the capital to gain new spells.
It was a five-hundred-page book. I'd read through about a third of the whole thing, but I'd only
managed to find four worthwhile spells. There were about fifty spells per page, so twenty-five thousand

in all... Out of those twenty-five thousand, only four usable ones so far from the approximately eight
thousand three hundred I'd reviewed.
The spells I had acquired were:
[Enchant] — A spell for infusing magical properties into items.
"Definitely a useful one, especially for Touya who can use multiple Null spells." - Ainz
[Paralyze] — A spell for paralyzing an opponent to prevent them from moving.
"One of Touya's signature spells..." - Lucia
"Yes, it is." - Yumina
[Modeling] — A spell for changing the shapes of minerals, wood, or the like.
[Search] — A spell for locating nearby objects.
"Now that Search spell is definitely going to be extremely useful in conjunction with his phone's map
feature." - Rimuru
"Oh yeah, he could do that!" - Subaru
Only those four. Out of them, [Modeling] and [Search] proved to be the most useful. Still, none of
them were quite perfect.
[Modeling] was a skill for transferring one's mental image over to re-mold a solid object, but it took
quite a bit of time if you weren't used to it. Plus, losing focus halfway through making something
usually produced weird-looking results. I tried making a shogi set for practice, but the board itself was
one row too long and the pieces were too big to fit in the squares. It was difficult unless you had a
clear image in mind while performing the spell. Was much easier to create something while staring at
what the finished product should look like, so I managed to get a shogi set made pretty well by
searching for an image of one on my smartphone.
[Search] was one that I learned while thinking it would come in handy when trying to locate lost items,
but it turned out that the spell itself could also perform incredibly vague searches.
His shogi set had actually become extremely popular in Reflet, and he was soon asked to make
more by the people from the town in order to play shogi. He had also shared a lot of recipes for
desserts with the nearby sweets shop, which also became extremely popular to the point that even
Duke Ortlinde's family had been enjoying it. Eventually, the duke had also requested for Touya to
make him a shogi set to play with his brother, who was the King. After conversing some more with
the duke, soon enough, the rain stopped.
"Shogi, huh? What a weird game to make popular." - Subaru
"Please explain to us what that game is, Natsuki-kun." - Anastasia.
And so he did. After he explained the basic gist of the games, the girl grinned.
"Julius, write that down right now! This will definitely sell!" - Anastasia
"Understood, Anastasia-sama." - Julius
"Maybe we should introduce this in our world too, Rimuru. This would be fun to play." - Hinata

"Honestly, you're right! I should definitely ask Mjolmire about this!" - Rimuru
"Souma!" - Roroa
"Yeah, we can sell this in Friedonia as well." - Souma
"Ooohh, this will be a great idea." - Liselotte
A few months later, Touya and his party had now increased in rank, and were now the third rank
from the bottom, Green. They were now considered full-fledged adventurers by the guild and are
now taking much more difficult quests. In the current moment, they were all taking on a Dullahan,
a headless undead warrior. The location of the quest was actually quite important, as it was the
ruins of Belfast's old capital.
"Ende, make sure you prepare Melle for this."
I whispered this to him, who was confused at first, but later gained an understanding of the situation and
nodded.
The first time we fought a Phrase. I hope that the Sovereign will be prepared for this.
Soon enough, they finished the quest itself, and after they finished recovering themselves, Touya
remarked that for a supposed ruin of an old capital, there were a lack of treasures and valuable
items in the area. This made Elze excited for a treasure hunt.
"I kinda doubt it. Considering it's been moved a long time ago, there's no way the people in the old
capital will actually forget their valuables. Even if they did, it's probably been stripped clean already by
other treasure hunters before you." - Rimuru
"You're not wrong."
Touya then decided to search for valuables using his Search spell but found nothing. This didn't
discourage them from searching manually, though, so they started finding the treasure. Touya then
searched for historical relics instead, and he found one under some rubble. After clearing it up, the
ominous sight of a staircase descending downwards awaited them. Having gone this far at this
point, they went down, not knowing the danger that lurked underneath.
"Something intense is going to happen. I can just feel it." - Lugh
"This is like the prelude to a Dark Souls boss..." - Subaru
"It is very ominous." - Otto
They explored the ruins underground, which was dark and humid, until they found a set of writing
on the walls. They were obviously some sort of ancient language that existed in the world. Wanting
to get it translated by experts later, Touya took pictures of them with his phone and moved on.
They then found a spellstone of the Earth attribute embedded on a wall. After some debate, Touya
used his magic to activate it, causing a door to open all of a sudden.
"What the heck...?" We looked through the hole left by the crumbling wall and saw something in the
middle of another room. Something covered in dust and sand.
The best way to describe it was... I suppose the first thing that sprung to mind was an insect. A cricket,
maybe? Yeah, it looked like a cricket. It had around central body, kind of like a rugby ball or an
almond, with six thin legs protruding from it. Some of them were broken, however.

It was around the size of a small car, as well. Imagine a dead cricket with all of its limbs torn off, kind
of like that...?
But it also had a streamlined, simplistic form. More like it was designed as a machine than a living
creature. It honestly looked a bit like some piece of abstract art.
As I expected, Melle, the sovereign Phrase, stood up and looked shocked at what was being shown.
"Calm down, Melle!" - Ende
"W-What is that doing there?" - Melle
"We'll explain that later."
"Do you know what that is?" - Ainz
"That's a Phrase. One of my people. What is happening...?" - Melle
Everyone's eyes widened at her statement.
"As I said, we'll explain later."
They then approached it cautiously, thinking that it was some kind of statue, until they realized
that it was sucking magic out of the magical light they had conjured up for exploration. The thing's
limbs began regenerating due to the magic it was absorbing. The red orb inside the object began
glowing menacingly. Suddenly, the thing began screeching a high-pitched noise, causing the entire
underground structure to be damaged. The party, not wanting to be buried alive, immediately
retreated using Touya's Gate, and they managed to escape back to the surface.
Did it absorb her magic? I have a bad feeling about this. - Rimuru
Unfortunately, the thing was following close behind as it destroyed its nearby surrounding land to
escape its confinement. A few moments after they escaped, the creature broke out of the ground,
screeching incessantly, and began attacking them. A battle between them and this unknown
creature had begun.
The battle junkies in the audience all leaned forward and began paying more attention to the fight coming
up.
With the sudden crash of splitting earth, the creature burst through the ground and appeared before
us. An almond-shaped body with six elongated legs jutting out from its frame. A crystal body,
beautifully shimmering and shining like water beneath the sun. This translucent being was alive, some
kind of crystal creature. The creature extended its legs and began a sideways crawl.
The walls of the ruins crumbled as it moved, cut like a knife through tofu. C'mon, that's stupidly
sharp!
"Come forth, Fire! Crimson Duet: [Fire Arrow]!" Linze attacked the cricket thing with a repeated
barrage of flaming arrows. But the creature didn't even try to dodge, choosing to just stoically shrug
them off instead.
No wait... it's absorbing them. The flame arrows were being sucked into the cricket thing, one after
another!
"It absorbs magic attacks?!"

"Well, that's unfortunate." - Rudeus
"I see, mages have a disadvantage, then." - Roxy
"Hoooow truuuuly unfortunaaaaate." - Roswaal
"Then it can be beaten with brute force, then. I assume that orb is its weakness?" - Ainz
"Yeah, though we didn't realize this at the time."
"Then all my amazin' self has to do is bash the shit out of it!" - Garfiel
"We'll just have cut it hard enough." - Eris
"Darn... In that case...!" Yae darted forward, striking the cricket thing with lethal force. However,
what was supposed to be a sure-kill shot was nothing more than a scratch on it.
"It's extremely hard, it is!"
"Take this...!" Elze followed Yae's attack up with a massive punch to the cricket's side. However, even
though she staggered it a little, her punch had no real effect. One of the creature's crystal legs seemed
to aim at Elze. She dodged it. Good thing too, as it would've skewered her.
"How do we stop this thing?!" It absorbed magic... blades couldn't damage it. What should I do...?!
Wait... if head-on attack magic does nothing, then... maybe we can try an indirect approach.
"[Slip]!" The moment I cast the spell, targeted beneath the cricket thing's feet, it stumbled and
crashed to the ground. Alright!
"Ah, not all magic is ineffective then. Just direct attacks. I wonder if magically created objects also affect
it." - Rudeus
Considering I use Quagmire almost all the time, I can definitely stop that with this. - Rudeus
"So restraining it is a must first, then strike it with physical attacks." - Ainz
"I can definitely absorb that, then analyze it." - Rimuru
"Linze! Don't cast spells at it; use indirect environmental effects to harm it!"
"I see... Understood, then! Come forth, Ice! Grand Frozen Mass: [Ice Rock]!" Linze decided to cast
an ice spell.
An enormous mass of ice appeared over the creature and... fell right down onto it. Ouch. That's gotta
hurt. It could absorb attacks directly made out of magical energy, but it had no such luck absorbing
objects formed from magic.
A simple Quagmire, followed by a direct Stone Cannon with its penetration increased to the maximum
can hopefully destroy it. - Rudeus
"So ice or earth magic is most effective against it, I suppose." - Beatrice
Skree! Screaming with a sound eerily similar to a rusty door hinge, the creature was clearly enraged.
But it seemed like even magically created objects could only cause minor damage at best, the darn
thing was built too solid! Taking advantage of its brief incapacitation, Else jumped in with bullet
speed.

"[Boost]...! Full Throttle." Using [Boost], the Null magic spell that enhances physical ability, Elze
delivered a devastating kick to one of the creature's legs. The leg was demolished in a heartbeat,
accompanied by the sound of shattered glass.
"Nice!" - Subaru
"They managed to damage it!" - Celia
"It's not over yet."
"Awesome!" Of course, the thing could be damaged. Even if it was just a little damage at a time, that
meant we'd be able to win!
"Skkrrrr... Sssskkkrreeeeee!" The cricket thing let out another piercing shriek, and the red orb inside
its head began to softly glow. Almost as if reacting to the glow, the shattered leg effortlessly
regenerated itself. Hey... no way that just happened.
"It regenerated..." Elze stood stunned for a moment, giving the newly regenerated leg an opportunity
to strike. In an instant, it shot out and pierced her deep in the right shoulder. Her timing was off, so
she'd failed to avoid it.
"So you have to destroy its core to completely destroy it?" - Lugh
"Yeah."
"Gwagh...!"
"Sis!" Elze leapt back to escape any more opportunistic attacks. Blood began to flow from the wound
on her shoulder, staining her clothes a deep crimson. She was brought to her knees with sweat pooling
on her brow.
" Yae! Linze! Stall that thing!" The two nodded and got to work. Yae distracted it with sheer speed
while Linze conjured up more hunks of ice. While the two girls had the creature distracted, I made my
way over to Linze and cast some Healing magic. A gentle light enveloped her shoulder and blood
stopped flowing from the wound as it closed itself up.
" Thanks... I'm fine now, though." Like hell are you fine. Even if the wound had closed up, the
damage was still done. Regeneration... magic absorbing properties... an abnormally tough carapace...
how could we beat it? Did it even have a weak spot?
"Even if we smash it, it can regenerate! It's futile!"
" ...Wait a second... when we found the creature, it was broken in several places, so why is it fine
now...?" I remembered that it absorbed Linze's spell and then regenerated... Wait, did it need magical
energy in order to regenerate? The orb inside its head was glowing back then, too. Could it be that the
orb was the nucleus, of sorts?
"Elze, c'mere." I told Elze the plan I'd thought up.
"Huh? Can you actually do that?!"
"Not sure... But it's worth a shot, right?""...You're right." I steadied my breath and looked toward the
creature, focusing my mind on what it was I wanted. Because it had a transparent body, I could make
out my target perfectly!
"[Apport]."

Suddenly, the small, soft red orb was in my hands. Alright, we did it!
"Well that's one way to target the core." - Rimuru
"It did do its job properly." - Rio
"Touya is certainly a resourceful individual." - Rui
"That's for sure." - Rio
It's almost nostalgic how much we struggled against the Lesser Construct.
"Elze, do your thing!" "[Boost]." I lobbed the little orb high into the air, where it soon met Elze's fist.
Finding itself sandwiched between Elze's fist and the ground, the little orb was finally shattered to
pieces.
"How's that?!" Its nucleus plucked; the cricket stopped moving. Eventually, cracks spread and
splintered across its entire body, and it collapsed with a crash. The crystal creature had finally fallen,
its remains glimmering in the sunlight. We waited a while to see if it would regenerate, but it simply
never did.
"So that's what we have to do then." - Fran
"It's similar to how we usually kill monsters. We just have cut its crystal, though this one will be tougher
than usual." - Teacher
"Hm! Understood, Teacher!" - Fran
"Are you alright with us killing that guy, Ms. Sovereign?"
"It is fine. I am still confused as to why it is in your world, but I can see that you were defending
yourselves, so I am not angry." - Melle
"Once we're in a private place, we will explain everything to you, Melle." - Ende
"I will be waiting, Endymion." - Melle
"Hm..." There was a sudden lack of tension in the air due to our victory, so I sat down on the ground.
I was just glad the idea I suddenly had at the time worked out so well. If [Apport] had failed, who
knows what I'd have done. I cast my spell faster than it could absorb it, and it seemingly worked just
fine, given that I managed to pull out the nucleus.
I looked over to see that Yae and Elze were also sitting on the ground. Meanwhile, Linze seemed to be
busy investigating the broken fragments of the monster.
"This... could actually be a material similar to spellstone."
"Spellstone, really?"
"The properties of spellstones include magic amplification, build-up of magical energies, and the
discharge of said energies. The monster absorbed the magical energies of others and used it to
regenerate itself... or perhaps it was more of a defensive ability... Regardless, it used the magical
energy to attack as well. Amplification, build-up, and discharge... The three properties of a
spellstone." Could it be that it had no ability to make magical energy of its own...? Was that why it was
frozen in place in the ruins? But wait, magical energy flowed throughout the world. Did that blocked

off room have some sort of anti-magic seal, then? The whole matter was an enigma wrapped up in an
air of uncertainty.
"There's something bigger going on here." - Rimuru
"Definitely." - Subaru
"If you think about it, that material is going to be extremely useful material, especially for making
weapons. It's exceptionally tough, can be reinforced with magic power, and can regenerate using magic
power as well." - Souma
"It definitely is. We actually use it as material now."
"That's good." - Souma
"Shouldn't we report this kind of thing to the guild, we should?"
"No. Given that this involved the ancient ruins of the former capital, we should probably inform the
government directly. We should take this to the duke, I think." Well, that made sense to me. It seemed
a smart choice given the situation. With that, we were off to see the duke.
"[Gate]."
Duke Ortlinde was rightfully concerned when Touya reported this information to him. When the
duke lamented that the writings were now lost because the ruins collapsed, Touya showed the
pictures of the murals that he took with his phone, which he explained as his Null magic. The duke
said that this can be the key to solving why the capital was relocated all those years ago.
"So that's another mystery." - Rudeus
"There really is something bigger going on here. It's really obvious now." - Rimuru
"The capital being relocated definitely has something to do with that Phrase creature." - Lugh
Touya, feeling wary about the situation, but confident that they can beat those creatures if they
come back, departed the estate.
A few days later, Touya returned to the estate after transcribing the mural into paper with the
Drawing spell, and he was asked to deliver the transcript to the duke once more. Using a Gate
spell, he landed on the front of the estate, much to the shock of the guards. It was then that the
duke's carriage was seen coming out of the estate and stopped in front of Touya.
The duke immediately took Touya and whisked him up on the carriage as it moved quickly. Touya
asked what was going on, and Duke Ortlinde quickly informed him of the situation.
His brother, the king of Belfast, has been poisoned.
"Things are going way too fast!" - Subaru
"The king's poisoned this time!" - Otto
"I can't really feel any tension about this, though. Touya has Recovery." - Al
"At the very least, all we can worry about is the culprit behind this." - Crusch

Touya was naturally surprised that such a thing had happened, and asked who the culprit could
have been. The duke said that he had no idea, but that he had a few ideas. According to him,
Belfast Kingdom was surrounded by nations: the Refreese Imperium, the Regulus Empire, and the
Mismede Kingdom. The duke mentioned that the king wanted to ally themselves with Mismede as
a way to ward off any invasion from Regulus, but due to the fact that it was a demi-human country,
a lot of nobles that consider them as nothing more than crude savages were against the alliance.
The duke suspects that these people are behind the poisoning.
The demi-humans and non-humans in the theater all glared angrily at the explanation.
"How dare they." - Fran
"That's very rude, nyah!" - Felix
"How repulsive." - Shion
"Disgusting." - Excel
The reason why the duke wanted Touya was simple: With his Recovery spell, he can cure the king
of the poison and save his life. Touya nodded at this as they reached the castle in haste. When they
did, they were met with a count named Balsa, who informed them that the ambassador of Mismede
had been detained as the prime suspect behind the poisoning. Of course, neither the duke nor
Touya thought that the ambassador was the culprit, given that it didn't make sense for them to do
such a thing.
The count then said a lot of suspicious things, which led to both of them coming to the same
conclusion: the count was clearly behind the poisoning.
"Well, that's that mystery solved, Crusch-san." - Subaru
"This guy couldn't be more obvious." - Rimuru
"Scumbag." - Souma
After Duke Ortlinde made it very clear not to do anything to the ambassador, they both headed
straight towards the king's room. In the room, the king was obviously in a terrible condition, and
he was surrounded by his wife, his daughter, the royal physician, the general, and the court
magician. The duke went to his brother's side and asked for Touya to heal him. The boy did so and
managed to successfully heal the king of his poisoning, bringing him back to full health.
Even though it was obvious that the king will be saved, it didn't stop a lot of the audience from sighing in
relief.
"I'm glad..." - Emilia
"Yeah, it's great that he's safe now." - Sylphie
Duke Ortlinde introduced Touya to everyone after they rejoiced at the king having been cured of
his illness. As expected, the king thanked Touya profusely, though Touya just modestly said that it
was nothing and that he was just glad that he was okay. The duke then talked to the king about the
ambassador's involvement, and both found it utterly absurd. In the end, the king asked to meet the
ambassador in order to confront her about this case.
Touya was incredibly certain that the ambassador had been framed of the crime, with the culprit
hoping to create a rift between the relationships of both countries and hopefully declare war under

a just pretense. With that, the king and his entourage went to meet the ambassador.
Meanwhile, Touya began to interact with the king's daughter, Princess Yumina.
"Uhm..." While I was deep in thought, a girl called out to me. I raised my face to see that it was the
princess — Princess Yumina as I seemed to recall— who had been standing and staring at me.
"So this is when you two met." - Rimuru
"I guess you didn't save her life like the others previously, it's her father you saved." - Rudeus
"Didn't stop her from..."
"From what?" - Rudeus
"Later."
She looked to be about two or three years older than Sue. Maybe around twelve or thirteen? She wore
a fluffy white dress, and in her hair sparkled a silver hairband. She had the same gorgeous blonde
hair as Sue, and her large eyes were very captivating. Looking closely, I noticed that her left and right
eyes were actually different colors. Her right eye was a vibrant blue, while her left eye was a light
green. I'd heard about situations like that before; it was called heterochromia.
"Thank you very much for saving my father's life." The princess thanked me and quickly bowed in my
direction. She sure was well-mannered. I was worried she might be some high-handed spoilt brat of a
princess.
Yumina visibly giggled at my narration.
"I didn't think you were worried about something like that." - Yumina
"Hey, it's not like I'm wrong to be worried."
"That's true!" - Yumina
"Have you actually met anyone like that before, Touya?" - Liscia
"Not exactly. I have met a very weird princess though."
Yeah, Reliel's definitely a weirdo.
Yumina, knowing who I was referring to, simply laughed wryly.
"Please, don't worry about it. I'm just glad he's feeling better." The way everyone kept thanking me
made me feel embarrassed, so I tried to just smile way out of it. But the princess merely kept staring at
me veeery closely. What, was there something on my face?
Staaare...Staaaare...Staaaaare...Staaaaaare...
"Why was she staring at you?" - Satsuki
"It's because of her ability. You'll know soon enough."
"Err... can I help you?" I couldn't withstand being engulfed in her burning gaze any longer, so I
shifted my gaze as I asked that question. The princess blushed slightly and spoke almost in a whisper.

" ...Do you dislike younger women?"
" ...Come again?"
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" - Rimuru, Rudeus, Subaru, Souma
"Shut up!"
"I can't believe she actually asked that question!" - Subaru
"Pffttt... it's hilarious." - Rudeus
The ambassador, who was named Olga Strand, then came just as Touya became extremely
confused at what Yumina was asking. Touya actually recognized the ambassador as the woman
whose sister he had help during their last stay at the capital when the girl was lost. The
ambassador also recognized him and thanked him once more for helping her sister.
"Strange coincidence, don't you think, Touya?" - Leen
"It really was."
She then explained herself to the king, and adamantly insisted that she would never think to poison
the king. Still, there was hard evidence against her, as it was supposed to be her wine that poisoned
the king and it was produced in a specific village in Mismede, making the wine rare, so Touya
decided to prove the ambassador's innocence.
"As much as I hate the culprit, you gotta give them props for how effective their scheme is. If not for
Touya, they may have succeeded." - Subaru
"Which makes us more grateful to Touya for saving my father." - Yumina
By using Search to find poison on the room the king was poisoned, he found out the truth
regarding the poison, but he knew that it was not enough. They need to make the culprit reveal
that it had been their fault. And so, Touya and the others hatched a plan.
I already know how the culprit did it. The poison is in the glass the king drank on, not the wine itself. A
classic diversionary technique for assassins. - Lugh
Everyone else leaned forward, eager to see how I did it.
Everyone that was involved in the case, including the main suspect Count Balsa, gathered in the
dining hall. Touya made a dramatic showing of the culprit being among them, with him saying that
the wine was the key to revealing the culprit.
"Dramatic much?" - Rimuru
"Hey, it's one of the only times I could do something like this, you know? I was just really excited."
The otherworlders in the theater chuckled at my demeanos, causing me to feel embarrassed.
First, he had the general drink the wine, then Touya picked the wine glass near the king's seat,
poured wine on it, and offered it to the count. The count was extremely nervous, and Touya noticed
this. Still, he insisted that the count drink the wine. As he expected, the count acted he had been
poisoned, which outed him as the culprit because he knew there was poison there. It was then
revealed that the poison was not in the wine, but in the glass, and the count acting that way
revealed him to be the culprit. Naturally, he was caught and punished.

"Quite the obvious ploy." - Lugh (whispering)
"It is quite effective, though." - Cian (whispering)
"At least the culprit managed to be caught quickly." - Satsuki
"That's all that really matters here." - Rio
Once the incident had been resolved, the king thanked Touya once more for saving his life and
asked how he should reward him. Touya denied the reward, saying that he was just passing by and
that it was simply a stroke of luck. The duke commented on his modesty, while the court magician,
who is named Charlotte was extremely fascinated about how Touya can use two Null spells. Duke
Ortlinde then explained Touya's ability to use any Null magic spells for so long as he knew the
name and what it did.
This then led to a series of events where the court magician made him learn the Null spell Reading,
then use him to read a bunch of texts they were researching that they couldn't translate, then had
Touya enchant a pair of glasses with the Reading spell so that she could read it on her own.
"Definitely deus ex machina..." - Subaru (whispering)
As this was happening, Princess Yumina decided to speak.
Staaare...Staaaare...Staaaaare... Staaaaaare...
...Now, who does that burning, intense gaze that's been honing in on me this entire time belong to?
Why, the princess, of course. She had completely wrapped me in her sights with those mismatched blue
and green eyes of hers and showed no signs of relenting. It was like she had locked onto me as some
sort of target. Had I done anything to rub her the wrong way...? Actually, it seemed like her face was a
bit red...
Her visual assault came to an end all of a sudden. I cast a glance in her direction, and she had risen
from her seat. She was now standing facing her parents, the king and queen.
"What's the matter, Yumina?"
"Father. Mother. I have made my decision," Princess Yumina declared.
I wonder what this decision she's talking about is, I thought to myself as I took another mouthful of
my cold tea, watching the conversation with a sidelong glance. The princess' face turned bright red as
she spoke once more.
"I-I would like to... I would like to take Mochizuki Touya as my husband!"
The entire theater was suddenly silent by the turn of events, which was broken by Subaru.
"Wait, that fast?!" - Subaru
"You guys barely know each other! How the hell can she make a decision like that?!" - Rimuru
"Since she introduced herself as your fiance, I can only assume that a compromise was made?" - Ainz
"You can say that."
"Now we get to see what happened with those two." - Teacher

Pffffffft!!! The princess dropped a bomb that detonated in the form of cold tea soaring through the air.
Ah, what a graceful display. What'd she just say? Husband? Hundred? Huntsman? Oh, it must've
been hostage. "I would like to take Mochizuki Touya as my hostage." Yup. That makes absolutely zero
sense.
"Poor guy's mind just shut down." - Subaru
"I wouldn't blame him. I would react the same too if I was in his situation." - Rimuru
"More so because you were single your whole life, and never even had any romantic relationship." Hinata
"That's a little uncalled for, Hinata!" - Rimuru
"...Sorry. Yumina, could you say that one more time?"
"As I said, Father. I would like to take Mochizuki Touya as my husband."
"Oh my, oh my," the queen muttered, clearly amused. Yumina repeated herself for the benefit of her
father, His Majesty the King. Queen Yuel, still sitting next to the king, opened her eyes wide and took a
good look at her own daughter. Watching all this from the side, the duke was utterly gobsmacked as
his gaze drifted between his brother and niece repeatedly.
"Your reasons?"
"Well, him saving your life, Father, does indeed factor into it... But more than that, my Touya has a
strange charisma that brings smiles to all those around him. Even just from his interactions with
Uncle Alfred or Charlotte, he has done nothing but bring them joy. I find his kindness appealing
beyond words, and for the first time in my life, I thought that... I would be happy to live out the rest of
my days by a person's side."
"Pfftt... S-She's... c-calling you..."m-my Touya"... Hahahahaha!" - Subaru
"Yikes, that's embarrassing." - Rimuru
"I'm glad I managed to convince her not to call me that."
"...I see... If that is your decision, then far be it from me to stop you. Iwish the two of you nothing but
happiness!"
"Thank you, Father!"
Naturally, Touya was stunned, and decided to express his objection about how quickly the situation
was spiraling and how quickly they were accepting Yumina's decision. He then asked about why
they were so trusting of him as Yumina's husband, and the king explained that it was because of
her mystic eyes.
Simply put, mystic eyes are abilities that one is born with that are embedded to a person's eyes. In
Yumina's case, she had the Mystic Eyes of Intuition. Those eyes allow her to see the true nature of a
person she lays her eyes on and see whether or not they were good or evil. The purer the soul is, the
much more kindhearted and trustworthy the person is. Yumina even remarked that Touya was the
purest person she has ever seen in her entire life.
"That's such a convenient ability! Being able to know who to trust and who not to trust?! That's a
blessing!" - Souma

Touya is kind, but his kindness can be taken advantage of. Yumina is definitely the one preventing that
happening. - Souma
"No wonder she was staring at Touya so much, huh?" - Rimuru
"She was fascinated by Touya's extremely pure soul from her perspective." - Ainz
"No wonder she made that proposal, huh?" - Subaru
"I'm curious, Lady Yumina. Who among us protagonists have the purest soul besides Touya?" - Lugh
That's an interesting question.
"It is unmistakably Natsuki Subaru." - Yumina
"Huh?! Me?! Your eyes must be mistaken..." - Subaru
"No. My eyes are never wrong, Natsuki. Out of all of the protagonists, you have the purest soul here
besides Touya." - Yumina
Subaru sheepishly scratched his head, as if he was incapable of accepting the fact that he had a pure,
kindhearted soul.
Now I wonder about how pure everyone is here...
(A/N: Okay then dear readers! Based on what you know about all of these protagonists, what do
you think is the ranking of each based on how pure their soul is?)
Touya was flattered but thought that it was irrelevant.
"It isn't irrelevant at all, dumbass. The fact that you're the purest soul in her eyes means she's not gonna
let you go anytime soon." - Subaru
"You're not wrong."
He then asked a bunch more questions about the situation, and he concluded that marrying
Yumina was not a bad decision, until he got reminded of the stories he heard of his cousin's failed
marriage and became a lot more hesitant.
When everyone heard my cousin's story, they all just sighed.
"It's not marriage's fault at all, Touya. Your cousin's just an idiot." - Elze
"Yeah, he got that woman pregnant on accident. This is just him facing the consequences of his own
mistakes." - Rimuru
"Yeah, the fact that he blames marriage in general instead of his own carelessness is unbelievable." Nanahoshi
"I know that now, but as a kid, it just leaves a certain amount of trauma for me, you know?"
"He's right." - Rio
In the end, they had an agreement where Yumina will stay with Touya for two years until Touya
becomes eighteen. If at that time, Touya still couldn't accept Yumina, then they will back off.
Everyone agreed to the arrangement, while Touya had been concerned about his future.

"Based on your demeanor now, I don't think that's gonna happen." - Subaru
"Nah, I'm marrying them."
My answer made all of my fiancés blush and many chuckle.
When he introduced Yumina to everyone, they were naturally shocked and exasperated about
Touya getting married so quickly. They were also shocked that Yumina was going to apply as an
adventurer and accompany Touya on his adventures. They then temporarily agreed to it, as they
wanted to test her ability first before they make her officially join.
Later, Touya was called on by God, and they had a small conversation regarding his situation, and
the fact that a lot of gods, like that of Swords, Agriculture, Hunting, and Love were watching him.
He then wished for the God of Love not to interfere in their love lives.
"Not happening, you know!" - Karen
"Still, you shouldn't have done that incident..."
The next day, they all took a quest to kill five King Apes after getting Yumina registered by the
guild. The test went smoothly, and Yumina passed it with flying colors. They then fully agreed with
her joining the party.
Touya then made a comment about how another girl had joined their party and remarked that he
was going to have a hard time in the guild as he was always entering there surrounded by cute
girls. This made everyone blush, much to his confusion.
"No... please, no. Is this really happening?" - Subaru
"Oh, come on!" - Rudeus
"You called them cute, Touya! Of course they're going to blush!" - Souma
"I can't believe I'm seeing someone like this in the wild!" - Rimuru
"An actual dense protagonist. I can't believe it." - Subaru
"Is Touya dense, perhaps?" - Teacher
"Yes." - Yumina, Elze, Linze, Yae, Sue, Lucia, Leen, Hilde, Sakura
Everyone laughed at this, while I simply blushed in embarrassment.
Later, he had Yumina teach him about Dark magic, as she had an affinity towards it. They then
tried to summon a beast for Touya, and he ended up summoning a white tiger known as the White
Monarch, one of the four Heavenly Beasts and the ruler of all the beasts on the land. After a test of
Touya's power, the tiger submitted to him, Touya named him Kohaku, and Kohaku had to shrink
down in size to prevent anyone from being scared off by her, leading to her being cuddled by
Yumina.
Touya just sighed and thought about his life in this other world. Strangely, he was feeling excited
about it.

"Well, that was fun." Rudeus said.

"Haha, it really was." Subaru agreed with him.
"Ugh..."
"Well, now that we have finished watching Touya, it is now time for us to watch the "Realist" world
next!" the Everlasting announced.
Souma sighed and grimaced at the screen.
"Okay then, let's do this."

Chapter End Notes

That... took way longer than it should have been. To be completely honest, this was probably the
beginning chapter that I was looking forward to writing the least. The first three volumes were the
least enjoyable part of the Smartphone LN in my opinion, and really, that just hurt the anime's
chances of being good even more, not that the anime wouldn't be shit regardless. Thankfully, the
next chapter is from Realist Hero, one that I'm really looking forward to writing, so hopefully that
one will come out quicker than this one.
Anyway, thank you for reading, and I hope you enjoyed this, dear readers!

Chapter 8: Beginnings Chapter 6: Long Live The Realist King!
Chapter Summary

Souma Kazuya is the next one to be shown. After being summoned to another world, he is almost
immediately burdened with the problems of an entire nation. How will he handle it?
Also, POLITICS!

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Souma's POV
"The rise of King Souma as the ruler of Elfrieden, later Friedonia..." Maria whispered as the
announcement was made.
"This will be interesting to see." Shabon said.
In all honesty, I was really impatient. I just wanted us to at least catch a glimpse of the future as quickly
as possible so that we can plan around it, but I know that with how these viewings work, that will be
significantly harder than it should be.
I seriously wonder why we have to react to our journey in random order rather than chronological order.
I just hope this wouldn't be as difficult as I fear.
"Right now, though, I can just sit back and relax. Maybe look back on some things and review them from
our perspective in the future to learn from our mistakes." I said to myself.
"Heh, seeing what Big Bro does in his own kingdom will be fun to see!" Kuu shouted from nearby.
"Ugh... I'm going to see the day we first meet again..." Liscia groaned, leading to me turning to her.
"What are you talking about, Liscia? That day is more embarrassing to me than it is to you." I retorted.
"In any case, we can all just relax for now."
Everyone from my world nodded.
"Well then, does anyone have any questions?" the Everlasting asked.
"Like with Rimuru and Rudeus, everything that happened just then with Touya was quite straightforward,
so we don't really have a lot of questions..." Lugh said.
"Have you found the connection between the relocation of the old Belfast capital and that Phrase?" I
asked.
"No, not yet, unfortunately." Touya sighed. "I mean, I have a theory in mind, but that will just get into
spoilers."
"And that also applies to why and how the Phrase was there?"

"I do know the answer to that, but spoilers. We can really only tell the Sovereign over there about the
truth, and that has to be done in private. Just wait until that explanation comes up later in the theater."
Touya said.
"Then I have no further questions."
"Okay, since that is over with pretty quickly, let's get into the introductions!"
"Before that, let's just get this over with. I'm just going to go ahead and ask, who among you are Souma's
fiancées or wives?" Subaru asked, much to my chagrin.
"You don't just ask that question, Subaru!" Emilia said.
"Look, Emilia-tan, after Touya, I don't want to be constantly surprised anymore, so please let me get this
over with." he said.
The girls weren't offended though and simply chuckled, then all five of them raised their hands.
"Five. Not as absurd as Touya's nine, but..." Subaru started to speak, but Rimuru continued for him.
"Still ridiculous. Well, let's just see how that happens!"
"On with the introductions then." the Everlasting said.
"I am Liscia Elfrieden, former princess of the Kingdom of Elfrieden, now the fiancé of the provisional
king of the United Kingdom of Elfrieden and Amidonia, also known as the Kingdom of Friedonia,
Souma Kazuya."
"My name's Roroa Amidonia! Former princess of the Kingdom of Amidonia, now fiancé to the
provisional king of Friedonia, Souma Kazuya!"
"I see, these two married Sir Souma to legitimize his rule over the kingdom..." Ariel muttered, nodding at
their introductions.
"I am Aisha Udgard. A dark elf warrior hailing from the God-Protected Forest, and betrothed to the
provisional king of Friedonia, Souma Kazuya."
"I am Juna Doma, a lorelei, songstress, and fiancé to Souma Kazuya."
"My name is Naden Delal, a ryuu hailing from the Star Dragon Mountain Range, and fiance to Souma
Kazuya, current ruler of the Kingdom of Friedonia."
"A ryuu? You mean a dragon?" Rimuru asked.
"Not... exactly." she said.
"Normally, dragons in our world resemble that of someone like Veldora in his dragon form. You know,
those western-looking dragons. Naden basically resembles the dragons we're more familiar with, those
eastern ones. That's why we just call her a ryuu instead of a dragon." I explained.
"Ah, I see."
"I am Hakuya Kwonmin, Kingdom of Friedonia's prime minister."
"I am Duchess Excel Walter, the duchess of the Lagoon City and vassal to Souma Kazuya."

"Those antlers... are you related to Miss Naden by any chance?" Lugh asked.
"No, but I'm certain that my ancestors were ryuus like her." she answered.
"Yeah... they do have a resemblance." Subaru remarked.
"I am Kagetora, leader of the Black Cats, the intelligence unit of the Kingdom of Friedonia."
"My name is Castor, captain of the Kingdom of Friedonia's premier flagship, Hiryuu."
"Hiryuu? Really?" Rimuru said with raised eyebrows. "I have a strange feeling that I know what kind of
ship that is."
"I'm Halbert Magna, leader of the Dratroopers of the Friedonia's National Defense Force."
"My name is Kaede Foxia, mage serving in the Kingdom of Friedonia's National Defense Force and
second-in-command to Ludwin Arcs, the second-in-command of the entire Defense Force."
"I'm Ruby! A dragon from the Star Dragon Mountain Range and contracted with Halbert Magna!"
"Ah, so that one's one of the dragons you were talking about?" Rimuru asked.
"Yeah." I said.
"I am Maria Euphoria, empress to the Gran Chaos Empire."
"I am Jeanne Euphoria, sister to Maria Euphoria and general serving in the Gran Chaos Empire."
"I am Shabon, the daughter of King Shana of the Nine-Headed Dragon Archipelago Union."
"I'm Kuu Taisei! son of the Republic of Turgis's head of state and temporary vassal to Souma Kazuya to
learn from his rule!"
"I am Julius Amidonia, former prince of the Principality of Amidonia, now general of the armies of
Kingdom of Lastania."
"M-My name is Tomoe Inui, adopted little sister to the former Elfrieden royal family..."
"I am Ichiha Chima, the youngest child of the Duke of Chima, a vassal of Souma Kazuya, and student to
the Prime Minister of Friedonia."
"I am Yuriga Haan! Little sister to the King of Malmkhitan, Fuuga Haan, and currently studying in the
Kingdom of Friedonia!"
"Why are there so many important people from other countries studying in your kingdom, Souma?"
Touya asked.
"Honestly, I don't know. All of it just... happens, I guess. Even I'm exasperated by it." I said, sighing as I
remembered what happened with both Kuu and Yuriga. "It's not like I have a choice in the matter."
"Now that the introductions are all finished, it's time for us to begin with Souma Kazuya's story!"
"Kazuya... why do you think people build families?"
"Oh, we're starting off with something solemn this time." - Rimuru

"Who is that, Souma?" - Naden
"That's my grandfather."
Most of the people from my world felt sad at the mention of my grandfather, who they knew had died
and simply went silent.
This was the question posed to Souma Kazuya by his grandfather on a quiet autumn day, a week
after his grandmother had passed away.
When the boy didn't answer since he didn't understand the question, his grandfather answered the
question, as if he had an epiphany.
"So that they don't have to die alone. It occurred to me again and again as I was caring for your
grandmother. Though we lost our son and your mother so soon, you were still here for us. Because of
that, we had a sense of fulfillment in our lives. The bonds we've formed will last even after we
ourselves are no more. For any living being, there can be no greater source of pride."
You got that right, Souma's grandpa. These bonds that I formed with everyone is what keeps me going, so
it's really, really important. - Subaru
Family, huh? He's not wrong. That's what everyone in Tempest are, they're my family. Every single one of
them, and I'll do anything to protect them all. - Rimuru
Heh, he's certainly right. - Rudeus
A family, huh? That's right. My country, Brunhild, isn't simply just my country. It's my family. - Touya
Do I... deserve such a thing? After losing my parents and seeking revenge? Do I deserve a family of my
own? - Rio
It was then that Souma's grandfather gave him advice that will dictate the rest of his life.
He told him to build a family. To find people that he will treasure and love with all of his heart. He
told him to protect them, to never let them go and give his life to protect them until the bitter end,
so that when the time comes, he can say that he had lived a good life, just like he and his
grandmother. Souma stayed silent, pondering on the matter.
This honestly explains a lot of Souma's behavior. Build a family, protect them, and never let them go,
huh? - Liscia
The advice turned out to be his grandfather's last will to him, as he died soon after he had been
accepted in university. It was supposed to be the beginning of a new chapter of his life, but his life
took a sharp turn.
A moment of silence was offered to the death of my grandfather. Honestly, I missed the both of them so
much. They were amazing people, and I hope that they're in a better place right now.
One day, as he was going about his day on one of the libraries on his university, he was suddenly
enveloped by this bright light. He then found himself in a strange room, and later, he was in front
of who looked to be like a king.
"Wait, just like that?" - Rimuru
"Yeah."

"Souma is probably the only one out of all of us so far that got summoned by someone instead of just
being reincarnated or transported." - Rudeus
It's kinda convenient that Souma's loved ones are all gone. That means that he's not going to leave
anyone behind when he was summoned, unlike someone like me... - Subaru
Calming himself down, Souma decided to gather information about the situation. He then asked
the king for an explanation, which left the king impressed about his calmness. Souma had noted
from his interactions from his subjects that he was a beloved king, but not respected. He also noted
how much he lacked the aura of a leader but refrained from commenting anything. Right now, he
needed information.
"Souma, you were severely overselling my father there." - Liscia
"He's not really a bad ruler, just very indecisive."
"Haha, you're right."
"He's, uh, very jumpy, isn't he?" - Rimuru
"Yeah, he definitely does not have any confidence or bravado as a ruler at all." - Hinata
"I feel bad for him, it's like he doesn't even want to be there." - Subaru
"I agree, he just looks so tense and nervous." - Teacher
The king then explained everything.
According to the king, the world was made up of the supercontinent named Landia as well as a
bunch of small islands. These lands were inhabited by many different races, like humans,
beastmen, elves, and dragonewts. All of these races lived in harmony, until the demons attacked.
These demons actually came from a different dimension known as the "Demon World", which
appeared on the northernmost part of the continent. This resulted in monsters of all shapes and
sizes attacking the countries in the north, plunging them into chaos.
The other countries in Landia formed an alliance and launched a punitive force against the Demon
World. Unfortunately, the force was annihilated, with the demons being the ones responsible for
them being wiped out. There was also a supposed Demon King who ruled over the demons, but it
was just simply a rumor spreading around.
After the annihilation of the punitive forces, the demons were free to expand further into the
continent, eventually occupying a third of the continent. This territory became known as the
Demon Lord's Domain. The advance had actually halted due to the expansion of the front lines, but
since mankind couldn't gather enough forces to launch a counteroffensive, which resulted in the
situation going into stalemate.
"All of that sounded so... cliche somehow." - Rudeus
"I think there is more to this story." - Ariel
"Yes. If the demons had the power to destroy the punitive forces made by mankind, why haven't they just
used that power to further expand? I refuse to believe that the overextension of the front lines is an issue
for them." - Ainz

"Indeed, Ainz-sama. There is definitely more to this history that is not explained to that human." Demiurge
"It is quite strange how these demons never expanded any further if they had such capabilities." Reinhard
"Let's just see how this goes." - Rimuru
King Albert then talked about his own country, the Kingdom of Elfrieden. The country was located
in the southeast part of the continent and was ruled under a monarchy. The kingdom was founded
by many races working together in harmony, and it was very accepting of all races.
"It's just like Tempest." - Benimaru
"Yeah, you're right." - Rimuru
"Sounds like a nice country to live in." - Emilia
"Currently it is, but at the time, it wasn't a very nice country to live in at all."
While it didn't suffer from attacks by the demons, the country still had a lot of problems. There
was food crisis going on in the kingdom, the national treasury was not in good shape, and there was
the problem with the refugees that came from the northern territories that got dispossessed by the
demons' invasion.
"That's not good." - Rimuru
"I assume that all of these problems have already been solved?" - Lugh
"Yeah, don't worry about it. I managed to solve all of these issues."
"Quite impressive of you." - Luminous
Relations were actually tense between Elfrieden and the most powerful country in the continent,
the Gran Chaos Empire. The Empire actually led mankind's alliance against the demons and
shared the biggest border with the Demon Lord's Domain. Because of this, the Empire asked for
war subsidies with the countries not affected by the domain in exchange for protection. Elfrieden is
one of those countries, but due to their financial situation, they couldn't exactly pay these subsidies,
so they were put in a very unfavorable situation.
That's where the Hero Summoning comes in.
In exchange for the subsidy, the Empire asked for Elfrieden to do the hero summoning that has
been passed down for generations in the country, then turn that hero over the Empire. It was
unknown what they were going to do with the hero, but with their dire situation, they had no
choice but to at least try and summon a hero, so they had a card to play when negotiating with the
Empire.
"I know that Jeanne has already done this on my behalf, but I would still like to apologize to you, King
Souma. Our request has caused your summoning, and we have basically forced you into this situation." Maria
"As I had already said to Jeanne, it's fine. I knew that you didn't think the ritual was going to work
anyway. Besides, while it has been terribly exhausting, I don't think my time here had been totally

unpleasant. I had enjoyed my time here, and I had managed to find people that I deeply care about and
consider family, so I'm not that mad at all, really."
"I see. I'm glad." - Maria
From the way the situation was explained, it was clear that the king never intended for a hero to
actually be summoned.
Naturally, Souma was indignant about this turn of events but calmed himself down as he knew that
he was talking to the king. He then asked what they were going to do, but the answer he got was
inconclusive. In short, if the kingdom turns over Souma to the Empire, the kingdom will have
nothing left to give if the Empire asks for subsidies once more. Souma described the situation to
what happened to the northern Fujiwara when they gave up Minamoto no Yoshitsune.
"I mean, if I was in Souma's situation, I'd probably feel annoyed too." - Al
"The kingdom is truly in a terrible situation, it seems." - Francois
"Even when they finally obtained a card to use, they don't know what to do with them." - Liselotte
When Souma asked what the hero was, they replied that the hero was the one who leads the change
of an era. Souma remarked that it was incredibly vague, and the king agreed with him.
While vague, I don't think that description isn't really wrong. After all, my presence is what encouraged
Fuuga to move forward with his ambitions. Despite my refusal to be the great man of the era, it still
didn't stop me from being the catalyst to the creation of the great man of the era, huh?
"What interesting choice of words, eh?" - Babylon
"It's very intriguing." - Crusch
Souma then proposed something to the king. Essentially, he was going to give advice on what they
should do from now on, with him talking to both the prime minister and the king. He also
requested something else.
Since I had their agreement, I made another request. "Please, also gather all the materials you can on
this country. With a particular focus on the balance of payment reports, as well as materials on
agriculture, forestry and fisheries, economy, trade and industry, land, infrastructure and transport. We
might be able to scrounge up the money the Empire is demanding. Also, I'd like the materials you have
on heroes... but, well, that can wait."
"Very well. I will have them gathered at once," said the king.
We took a break at this point, and I was called to the king's governmental affairs office later. Sitting on
a comfy sofa across from the king and Prime Minister Marx, we held meeting after meeting. That is,
we talked about basically everything there was to talk about. This country's industry, economy, tax
system, agricultural policy, military preparations, foreign affairs... we discussed it all.
"Oh wow, you actually discussed everything, huh?" - Satsuki
"I got a little too excited, I guess."
"You definitely did." - Liscia
The meetings went on for a full two days. This was partly because I asked questions about every
minute detail of the materials I'd had them gather, and partly because they latched onto the policies I

was proposing to a degree that was bizarre. From partway through the meeting, the king was paying
rapt attention to me, as if he had become an entirely different person.
Two days had indeed passed, and the king gathered his vassals to announce something important.
His announcement was this: He had declared his abdication to the throne to Souma, the summoned
hero, and that he had engaged his daughter, Liscia Elfrieden, to Souma.
The announcement shocked everyone, including Souma himself. On the 32nd day of the 4th month
in the 1546th year of the Continental Calendar, Souma had been declared the new king of
Elfrieden.
"What the heck?!" - Rimuru
"So basically, two days into being summoned in another world, you became the king of an entire
kingdom?" - Touya
"Yeah..."
"Not only that, but the kingdom you became the ruler to is in the middle of a crisis. so now you have to
be the one to solve its problems. That... actually kinda sucks." - Subaru
"Well, I managed to get through it just fine, really."
Much to Souma's surprise, there was no resistance within the citizens to the king's abdication.
Many were simply glad that the king can rest now and release his burdens. It was very
lackadaisical reaction indicative of the kingdom's national character at the time.
"That is... interesting." - Leen
"I'm quite shocked." - Ariel
"It's a good thing, though. What happened to Souma-san could have turned out really badly, even if it was
a peaceful abdication." - Yumina
Amidst the peaceful atmosphere of the city, a white horse suddenly galloped through the castle
town, ridden by a beautiful woman wearing a red military uniform. She had fair skin and platinum
blond hair. This was Liscia Elfrieden, the country's princess.
The townspeople eagerly greeted her, but the girl simply had a tense look on her face as she wished
for her parents to be well.
"Seriously, Liscia, what did you hear for you to have reacted like that?"
"Well, the news that my father had abdicated had been so abrupt that I thought you usurped the throne,
you know? Even if the news said that it was a peaceful abdication, I had my suspicions." - Liscia
Eventually, she reached the castle and made her way to her parent's room. As she entered the
room, she was met with the sight of both of her parents feeding each other.
"Father, when I heard your throne had been usurped, I hastened back from my patrol outside the
capital! So, why is it that I now find you two feeding each other without a care in the world?!"
Liscia, in addition to her title as a princess (though, following the abdication, she was now the new
king's betrothed), had also graduated from officers' school and held an officer's rank in the army. She
was not especially high in the ranks, but due to her high birth, she was often tasked with attending

royal army funerals, or with other missions of a special nature. This time, she had been on a regional
patrol, so upon hearing of her father's abdication, she had rushed to the capital.
"There was no usurpation, really. I abdicated of my own will," her father said calmly.
"Why would you suddenly do that?!"
"I had become certain that that man would make a better king for this nation than I. This is a decision
that I came to as the one entrusted with this country, and I take full responsibility for it. I will tolerate
no objections."
"So he can act like that." - Rimuru
"He is a former king. There was no way he wasn't capable of anything like this." - Subaru
"Even when he said this, you still said I usurped the throne..."
"Sorry about that, really." - Liscia
In that one moment, Liscia saw the dignified authority of the man who had, until just recently, carried
a nation on his shoulders, and found herself unable to object any further.
"Urkh... But how could you decide my engagement without even consulting me?"
"You were really surprised about everything that you couldn't even process the answer to this, Big Sis
Liscia. Shouldn't you already know why the king did this at this point?" - Roroa
"Yeah, I really was shocked. I should know why they did this." - Liscia
"Why did he betroth her to Souma-san?" - Satsuki
"To legitimize his rule by giving him a connection with the previous royal family." - Yumina
"Ah, I see." - Satsuki
"You may discuss that between yourselves. The betrothal was something I forced on him to begin with.
If you do not want it, I doubt Sir Souma will force the matter."
"Motheeeer!" Liscia shouted. She turned to her mother for help, but Elisha just smiled.
"Meet Sir Souma for yourself first. This is your life, so you must decide what you will do with it
yourself. Whatever your decision is, we will respect it."
Liscia then left the room to meet the person she was betrothed to. As she did, she saw everyone
working in the castle, the guards, servants, maids, and ministers, all running around as if in a
hurry. When Liscia asked one of them why they were all in such a hurry, they said that it was
because of the new king's influence. Seeing him work so hard made them want to work hard as
well, as they felt bad about him. Liscia asked herself what kind of guy she was betrothed to. As she
pondered all of this, she began to walk towards the governmental affairs office.
"How hard were you working?" - Rimuru
"You'll see."
At last, she came to the king's governmental affairs office. When she opened the door, the first thing
that she saw was a mountain of paperwork. On a desk large enough that two fully-grown adults could

have slept atop it, the papers were piled high and looked ready to spill over. That was not all. When she
looked around, she saw a number of bureaucrats sitting at another long table, fighting a losing battle
with yet more bundles of paperwork.
"So much... paperwork..." - Rimuru
"That's scary to look at, what the hell?" - Subaru
"I totally feel bad for Souma now." - Teacher
"I don't even want to imagine doing that much paperwork." - Touya
As Liscia stood there, dumbfounded, a young man spoke to her from the other side of the mountain of
paper.
"You, whoever just came in."
"...Huh?! What?!"
Snapped back to her senses, Liscia had let out a strange cry, but the speaker didn't seem to care at all.
"Can you read? Can you do math?"
"D-Don't mock me! I've certainly been taught that much!"
"Well, perfect. Get over here and help me with the work."
"Just who do you think you are, asking me to help...?"
"Just do it. That's a royal order."
Saying this, the person behind the paper mountain stood up. Now, finally, for the first time, the two
came face to face. This was the first meeting between the new king, Souma, and his betrothed, Liscia.
Liscia would later describe her first impression of him as "a young man with tired eyes."
"Pfft... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" - Rimuru, Rudeus, Subaru
"T-The first time you two met, Souma-san ordered you to do paperwork?!" - Miharu
Both me and Liscia were blushing with embarrassment over this moment.
"I can't believe such a loving relationship was born out of such an aromantic moment." - Jeanne
"Heehee, it's so unique, though!" - Maria
"Of course, you'd say that..." - Jeanne
"Man, Souma, you look like a zombie. How long did you not sleep, man?" - Touya
"Far too long."
He doesn't look like a king at all, he looks like a minimum-wage salaryman. - Ainz
"Seriously, this guy doesn't look like a king at all." - Yuriga

When Souma was first summoned into the world, they checked what kind of magic he could use,
since it was stated that there many types of magic in the world. The device he used display what
kind of magic he could use in his head. When he touched the stone slate, this was the magic that he
acquired.
The power to transfer consciousness into an object and manipulate it.
"That's a pretty useful magic to have." - Rudeus
"Yeah, it's a great one to have. The scouting and ranged possibilities for his magic are a lot." - Rimuru
"I can honestly think of a lot of uses for this." - Touya
It was an ability that let me transfer my consciousness into objects I touched, and I could manipulate
up to three of them simultaneously.
It sounded more like a psychic power than magic, but the lighter the object, the more freely I could
control it. I could get an overhead view of whatever I was controlling, as well. What was more, in
addition to my own consciousness, I could have that object move under an independent consciousness,
as well. Using an object as a medium like this, I could think about multiple things at the same time.
While there was the limitation that I could only move around things close to me, being able to make
things move around at will was neat. Like I was triggering a poltergeist effect.
So, that was why I named my ability "[Living Poltergeists]." Sounds like I have a case of middle
school syndrome, maybe?
Having gained my [Living Poltergeists], one thing immediately came to mind:
"This is going to be so useful for doing paperwork!"
"Really? Out of all the possible uses you can think of, the one you thought about is that it was going to be
useful for paperwork? Well, you're not really wrong, but still!" - Rimuru
"Souma is most definitely a workaholic." - Subaru
"Wait, so all of those papers are there despite you using your magic?" - Touya
"Yeah."
...Yeah. Copying my consciousness into three pens, I could review multiple documents simultaneously
with parallel thinking, and by manipulating those three pens, I could sign off on them.
Man, ever since I learned I had this ability, I've gotten so much more work done. Actually, without
that ability, the giant mountain of paperwork that had piled up in the confusion since I had been given
the throne would probably have buried me in an avalanche by now.
"I never thought I'd be more afraid of paperwork until now..." - Rudeus
"Yeah... I can't believe Souma will willingly face anything like this at all." - Touya
As Souma continued his battle with the paperwork that he's been doing for three days without
sleep, he saw a young girl enter the room. Normally, he would have appreciated her beauty, but in
the state that Souma was in, all he saw was a new source of labor.
"Three days without sleep?! Yikes." - Subaru

"This man just... does not look and act like a king... It's certainly fascinating." - Charlotte
"He's like a goddamn salaryman..." - Rimuru (whispering)
Souma then pushed more documents onto her, and explained what they were working for, and told
her to work. Intimidated by the sight of a man who has had no sleep for ages, she just meekly
accepted, and they both worked for two hours.
"Poor Big Sis Liscia, the first time she met her fiance, she was forced to do paperwork." - Roroa
"It's certainly unique how these two met." - Sylphie
"Should I... apologize, Liscia?"
"You shouldn't. Honestly, I probably would have helped you regardless, because I just felt bad for you. I
mean look at you! You look just about ready to keel over!" - Liscia
Eventually, Liscia introduced herself to Souma, in which Souma remarked that it made sense. He
then explained what actually happened to Liscia. He even expressed his disbelief over the entire
thing, as he thought that when he suggested the reforms, he was going to be given a bureaucratic
job and not be turned into the new king. Liscia apologized for the trouble, but Souma said she had
nothing to apologize for.
"It's actually suspicious how easily he was given the position." - Lugh
"What do you mean? The king thought Souma was better for the position, so he gave it to him." - Touya
"You're not wrong to think that. In fact, the king is a wise man for doing something like this. However, he
didn't strike me as a... decisive man." - Lugh
"Yeah, now that I think about it, father is really indecisive. It's strange that he's able to make this decision
so quickly like that." - Liscia
Oh yeah, I haven't told them about that, huh? I wonder how the others are going to react to that.
Souma then said that, once the country had been fixed from the ground up and had gathered
enough finances to pay the war subsidies, he was going to quit being king.
"You were going to do that, Bro?" - Kuu
"Yeah. I don't want to now. Besides, I know how impossible that is."
"Yeah, you actually thought you would actually be able to quit like that? How naive." - Rimuru
All I could do was scratch my head in embarrassment.
This was something that Liscia found absurd. After all, if Souma did indeed succeed in reforming
and rebuilding the country, there was no way anybody was going to let him abdicate so easily.
"Honestly, I would be impressed if King Souma actually managed to quit." - Jeanne
"I honestly would be impressed as well." - Julius
She then asked how he was going to secure the funds to pay the Empire, but Souma revealed that
he had actually already paid for the subsidies. When Liscia wondered how he managed to do it,
Souma explained that he simply sold off the objects from the treasure vault that did not have any

historical or cultural value. It was then that they had a conversation as to where all the money
should go.
"But, if we have all this money, shouldn't it go to the military? In officers' school I learned 'Spend
always on defense, never on tribute.'"
"While you aren't wrong about that, it's not appropriate for the kingdom to do something like that right
then."
"Let me answer that pithy saying with another one. 'Time is money.' Which is to say, by offering the
war subsidies as a sacrifice, we can gain the one resource our country most needs right now: time."
"...Why do you have to talk in such a roundabout way?"
"Don't worry about it. Anyway, even if we were able to strengthen our forces, it would all be for
naught if we can't also get domestic issues under control. Until the food and refugee issues are
resolved, we're only going to continue losing the support of the people. Once that happens, we'll be left
with a fragile state that's easily thrown into riots with a little agitation by foreign actors."
"No... The people love this country, too. They wouldn't riot..."
"That is... incredibly naive of you." - Ariel
"I know." - Liscia
"Yeah. People wouldn't care at all about their country if they're starving." - Lugh
"You're being idealistic there. 'Only once one is clothed and fed does one learn manners.' In the end,
you can't have morals or patriotism on an empty stomach. If you're too busy looking after yourself,
you can't afford to look after others."
Souma's eyes were cold as he said this. It was a harsh and realistic view.That alone made me feel he
was on the mark. From the look of him, you would expect him to be a weak man, yet somehow......he
looked so reliable.
The next day, Souma had managed collect enough funds for his reforms, so he decided to take a
break. The office that he resided in for the past few days was a mess. The bureaucrats were all
passed out from exhaustion, while Liscia was soundly sleeping on the sofa. Souma felt guilty about
her staying there to help him, especially considering that she must have had a lot to say about their
engagement .
"It's like you guys just finished your overtime shift in work." - Rimuru
"I feel bad for those bureaucrats. That was probably the hardest they've ever worked in their entire
careers up to that point." - Rudeus
Liscia woke up soon after Souma looked at her, and she had been startled by the fact that she had
fallen asleep. Seeing an opportunity, Souma decided to take Liscia somewhere.
The place he was talking about turned out to be a cotton farm. When she asked why she was there,
Souma's answer was simple. This was the cause of the kingdom's food crisis.
"Is it just me, or is this going to be way too political?" - Subaru
"I think it's going to be very focused on politics as well." - Rio

Fran had actually already fallen asleep... - Teacher
Simply put, during the invasion of the demons, the prices for raw materials, like cotton, had
skyrocketed due to the increased demand of them. Because of this, the farmers of the Kingdom
resorted to growing these crops, Souma called them cash crops, instead of the food crops they had
been growing previously. This then resulted in the country's food self-sufficiency rate lowering.
"So, uhh, can anyone explain?" - Touya
"You're a ruler, aren't you?" - Rudeus
"That doesn't mean I know all this stuff! I just leave most of the complicated stuff to my subordinates!" Touya
"Basically, they grow crops that just give them money instead of food crops, and because of that, their
ability to grow their own food is severely decreased, which causes the food crisis." - Rimuru
What's even more unfortunate is the fact that, because they had been growing so many of these
cash crops, the supply of the cash crops lowered their prices, meaning that their intended purpose
to bring cash to the farmers had become practically meaningless. That ends badly to everyone
involved, causing the economic downturn as well, as they had to import food with their dwindling
funds.
Those who understood the explanation simply nodded, while those who didn't just stared blankly.
Hearing all of this, Liscia felt disappointed that she didn't know all of this as a royal but Souma
comforted her and told her that it wasn't too late for reforms, and that he already had the funds
for them.
As Souma explained what they were supposed to do for the reforms, Liscia began to think about
how to attach Souma to this world by marrying him. She blushed at the thought, and became
extremely flustered doing so.
"Really? You couldn't even listen to the rest of my explanations?"
"Urgh... I mean, I did manage to learn about them later on, right?" - Liscia
"But still!" - Souma
The technology in this world was kind of all over the place.
On Earth, technology had moved like this: from manpower to the waterwheel and windmill, to the
steam engine, and then on to the combustion engine. It was a series of incremental advances.
As expected, many of the individuals in the theater who was curious about our world began asking for
details, but we all simply told them that we will explain later.
If you wanted to fly freely through the sky, before you could build an airplane, you would first need to
discover the concept of lift, and a propulsion system (the internal combustion engine) would need to be
created. In order to create that propulsion system, you would need to understand the system behind
how things burn.
In the history of Earth, new technologies had always been built atop other technologies that had laid
the groundwork for them.

However, in this world, there were mysterious creatures and magic. If you wanted to fly freely through
the sky, you could just ride a wyvern. These people had skipped past the concept of lift and propulsion
systems and just gone flying.
"That means that their technology progresses differently than it did on Earth." - Lugh
"And it is also why I just don't introduce concepts and technology from my world into Landia. It'll mess
up the natural progression of the world."
In a world where you can create fire, ice, and more with magic any timeyou want to, the difference
between what is possible and what is not becomes extreme.
In this world, they had large, tamed beasts that could haul as much as a four-ton truck.
There were steel battleships, only they were drawn by massive sea dragons.
"It's like our battleships..." - Sellimea
"I bet it looks badass." - Subaru
"It does."
There was no electricity, yet the nights were bright in this country. The streetlamps had lightmoss in
them, which stored light energy during the day and was phosphorescent at night, keeping the town lit.
They didn't have gas, they used firewood, ovens, and fire magic (or magicitems) to cook.
There were no aqueducts; however, all around town, there were wells withwater elemental spells cast
on them that drew water from deep below the earth... well, that's enough examples to get the point.
In this country, even without science, many things could be done with magic. Turning that around, if
you were to take away their magic and mysterious creatures, this country's civilization would not be
that advanced.Comparing it to a point in our own world's history, they were probably in thelate Middle
Ages or early modern period, at best. The feudal system was still intact, and the industrial revolution a
long way away.
That was the kind of country I was now king of.
Many nodded in fascination at my explanation of the world.
"It's a very concise explanation of our world." - Maria
"Indeed it is." - Shabon
We now see Souma and Liscia discussing the possible reforms that they need to accomplish to
rebuild the kingdom once more. As they did, Liscia asked why they were both eating at the general
cafeteria, and Souma answered that they were trying to save for money and being frugal, much to
Liscia's chagrin.
"It's frustrating just how much he doesn't care about decorum!" - Liscia
"Even my sister doesn't do something like this..." - Jeanne
As their conversation continued over the flow of food and money in the castle, someone else
interrupted them. This person turned out to be Ludwin Arcs, the leader of the Royal Guard and

the Forbidden Army, the army that belonged to the royal family. It was then that the system of the
Three Dukedoms had been explained.
"Hm. It's definitely a great system to implement in a country like Elfrieden, and it's certainly great in
times of peace, but..." - Ariel
"In times of uncertainty and crisis, it's very flawed." - Crusch
Which is why I had it dismantled.
The two began to talk about the reforms Souma had implemented, and the king was chagrined that
everything was not going well.
Souma then lamented the fact that he didn't have any capable subordinates. It was the one thing he
desperately lacked. Ludwin agreed with him, telling him that because of the circumstances, only a
few eccentrics and misfits, including a mad scientist from the Weapons Development Branch.
Souma expressed his desire to meet her, and Ludwin simply laughed wryly and told him that he
was going to make arrangements for it.
"So have you met this person?" - Rudeus
"Yes. She is definitely a mad scientist. Very eccentric. I did learn a lot from her, though. She also helped
us out a lot."
Elfrieden had made a lot of progress technologically because of her.
The two continued to talk for some time, before they both parted ways.
Later, Souma complained even more about their lack of capable people, and decided to take action.
Specifically, he was going to use the Jewel Voice Broadcast for recruitment.
"A public recruitment drive, huh? Interesting." - Rimuru
"The fact that he can make such revolutionary ideas about things in our world so casually is...
fascinating." - Maria
"It really is." - Jeanne
"His Majesty is excellent in such aspects." - Hakuya
When Liscia asked about what he was going to say, Souma said that he was going to borrow the
words of a great man he admired
A crafty hero in a troubled land.
"Cao Cao?" - Rudeus
"Yeah. I'm surprised you know him."
"I just had a lot of random knowledge, I guess." - Rudeus
"If you have a gift, I will put it to use!"
Through capital, city, town, and village alike, Souma's voice echoed.

In the capital, the cities, and even the larger towns, Souma's image was projected, as well. The
receivers in the larger areas released a mist into the air, then used the refraction of light to recreate the
scene taking place inside the Jewel Voice Room.
To put it in modern terms, they were receiving a video feed from the filming location and projecting it
live onto a mid-air screen. The quality was grainy, but people were excited to have their first glimpse of
the new king.
Some were bewildered by his youth, others by his plain appearance. The fault for this lay with Souma,
who had felt it too bothersome put on formal attire or even his crown.
"The crown was really heavy, you know? I'm not about to just wear it as I say the message."
"Souma, your image is just as important as everything else when it comes to being a ruler! You can't just
ignore that!" - Liscia
"Just give it up, Lady Liscia, I don't think that part of His Majesty could be changed at all." - Hakuya
"By the way, Touya, do you have a crown? I never see you wearing one." - Sue
"I also think it's bothersome wearing a crown, but I guess it's important in formal settings... I'll just have
to make one." - Touya
Just seeing Princess Liscia standing at his side without looking particularly tense reassured the
people. Though they had heard he hadn't forced the king to abdicate and usurped the throne, until
they saw him for themselves, they had still harbored some uncertainty. Especially in the case of
Princess Liscia, whose dignified beauty had made her something of an idol to the people, some had
voiced concern for her wellbeing.
"E-Eh?!" - Liscia
"Considering how pretty Liscia is, I understand why."
Her personality isn't idol material though, but there's no way I'd say that out loud.
As they went about their business, Souma's speech continued.
"My people, our country is faced with a crisis of heretofore unseen proportions! The grave matter of
the food crisis, the economic downturn which stems from it, the influx of refugees from lands seized by
the Demon Lord... Any one of these things alone would be a serious malaise which threatened this
country. Yet, there is still more! The Empire has expanded its influence, and some of our neighbors
watch us with eager eyes, ready topounce! The former king, recognizing that this situation was beyond
his power to solve, has entrusted this country to my humble self."
"You're very frank about just telling your people your country's problems." - Rimuru
"It's better to be honest."
"Souma is an incredibly good speaker." - Hinata
"Yeah, he is." - Nanahoshi
It's definitely an underrated skill of His Majesty. He knows how to motivate people well. He has a very
silent kind of charisma, but it's there. - Excel

"To recognize what one cannot do, and to make way for one who can. Even when one knows it to be
the right thing to do, it is never an easy choice. In times of peace, the former king would have had the
capacity to be a great ruler."
For a moment, Princess Liscia thought, "That's giving him way too much credit..." with a bitter smile,
but no one noticed.
"You really didn't like how he ruled, huh?"
"I didn't. I love him, I really do, but..." - Liscia
"Well, I guess we all have our imperfections."
"However, these are troubled times! In times of turbulence, we seek in our rulers not a person of
saintly virtue, but someone willing to get their hands dirty, willing to stubbornly do what it takes to
survive. Not a ruler who is above average in all things, but a ruler who will not give up on survival,
and on that one point excels beyond all others. Because, ultimately, that is what will protect your
families and livelihoods! That is why the former king entrusted this country to me! I am tenacious,
and on this one point I am superior to the former king."
"From what I see of Souma, I didn't expect him to be so... gutsy." - Roxy
"As a king, he definitely needs a lot of guts." - Rudeus
"At present, I am in the process of launching many reforms. However, we face an overwhelming lack
of capable people to aid in their implementation.Thus, I am putting out a call to the gifted amongst
you. I say to you again: if you have a gift, I will make use of it!"
"In these confused times, what we need is not those who are, on average, better than others. It is those
who, in one aspect, stand head and shoulders above all the rest. It matters not what the form that gift
takes. It matters not if you have any qualifications beyond that gift. If there is one thing about
whichyou have the pride to say, 'I am better than anyone else at this,' come to stand before me! "
"Damn, he knows how to make people fired up!" - Garfiel
"I didn't expect him to be charismatic." - Anastasia
Souma is definitely a good king. - Julius
"Schooling, age, class, origin, race, gender... none of these matter to me. Whether or not you can read,
do arithmetic, have money, are of sound mind and body, are beautiful or ugly, or have a scratch on
your shin, it does not matter! If you can think, 'At this one thing, I am better than others. At this one
thing, I will not lose out to any other person in the country,' then show yourself before me! If I decide
your gift is something the country needs, you will be welcomed as one of my personal retainers!"
The new king's passionate speech put a shine in the people's eyes.
As they listened, they must all have been wracking their brains for something they were more gifted at
than other people. At the same time, though, even if they found something, they were probably all
thinking they wouldn't be hired if it wasn't useful in some way. As that feeling of resignation set in, it
became a dam blocking the flood of enthusiasm that was building from the impassioned speech.
The king was seeking capable people who could solve this country's problems. Everyone found it hard
to imagine that their own gifts would be of any use to the country.

"I am sure that, among you, there are some who are hesitant to believe their gifts can be of use,"
Souma said, as if aware of the people's hesitation.
"However, that is not something for you to decide on your own! I, the king, will decide whether the
country needs your gift! I care not if others deride your gift as worthless! I will be the judge of that!
So have no hesitation! Come and unveil your gift before me!"
"Souma-san also knew what to say to say in order to make them as enthusiastic as they can." - Lugh
"He's really impressive!" - Subaru
Souma paused for a breath to calm himself.
"If you are still hesitant, then here is what we shall do. If your gift is proven to be without compare in
this country, in the name of the Kingdom of Elfrieden, I will issue you a Certificate of Peerlessness,
and you will receive a cash prize. How's that for a little motivation, people?!" The image of Souma
pumped his fist into the air.
At that moment, a great cheer rose up in every city worth calling a city across the country. The dam
inside the people's hearts had broken. It was the same in the capital.
"Oh...! I can hear the cheering in the castle town from here. Glad you're all fired up," Souma said,
breaking into more casual speech.
Standing by his side, Liscia wanted to hold her head in her hands, but no one seemed to mind.
"It was actually important that I was casual in that moment. I didn't want to alienate the people to me and
intimidate them. If I was more approachable, it's going to be more likely that people will answer my call
for the recruitment."
"I guess... you have a point." - Liscia
"You can nominate yourself or someone else," Souma said. "If the nomination is for someone else,
three-tenths of the award go to the nominator. If there are people locking themselves away and playing
hermit when this country is in crisis, I want all of you go and drag them out. Also,for gifts like 'I'm
stronger than others' or 'I'm good at singing' where there is room for competition, we will have the
candidates compete amongst themselves in advance to choose a single representative for that gift, so be
ready for that. Now, then... I think I've said everything I need to."
Finally, Souma closed out his Jewel Voice Broadcast with the following words: "Now then, O gifted
ones, come shake my hand in the capital, Parnam."
Liscia glared reproachfully at him after the broadcast ended. "What was with that last line?" she
demanded.
"Just going with the flow," Souma said with a laugh.
"Mood." - Rudeus
"Mood." - Subaru
"Mood." - Rimuru
"Mood." - Fran
"Mood." - Teacher

"Mood." - Rio
"Mood." - Lugh
Mood. - Ainz
"Again?!" - Otto
"These guys are really getting along." - Hinata
Now, how will the people react? Will the people he wants come? he wondered. Here's hoping lots of
people come...
"And a lot of people did come..." - Liscia (whispering)
In history, there are some scenes which are easily dramatized by later generations. There are some
conditions for this:
First, it must be the turning point of an era.
Second, it must have a certain flair when dramatized.
"A turning point, huh?" - Rudeus
"This was most certainly a turning point in our history." - Excel
"And that speech is also easily dramatized." - Lugh
These are the two conditions.
In the Sengoku Period, it would be the scene where Oda Nobunaga performs part of the Noh play
Atsumori before the Battle of Okehazama.
"Wait, he did? I didn't know that." - Rimuru
"Yeah. He said "Man has but 50 years, and life is but a dream.", then, before the battle began."
"Can anyone of the otherworlders explain to us about these people?" - Crusch
"Oda Nobunaga was a warlord around 460 years ago in our country's history. This battle basically
launched him into prominence and power, and he was able to win this battle while being outnumbered by
around a dozen times."
Those who were curious with her nodded in fascination.
In Romance of the Three Kingdoms, it would be the scene where Liu Bei recruits Zhuge Liang after
paying three personal visits to him.
"Liu Bang was a ruler from another country called China. He existed around 1000 years ago in our world
during a period called the Three Kingdoms when the region was divided into three kingdoms. Zhuge
Liang was his strategist, and was considered a genius."
In Roman history, it would be the scene where Caesar says "The die is cast," as he crosses the
Rubicon.

"Julius Caesar was an influential figure in history, who was the one responsible for the creation of one of
the most powerful and influential empires in history, the Roman Empire. This moment was him rebelling
against the state at the time, plunging the country into a civil war that he won, leading to him becoming
the dominant figure in Rome."
"Thank you for the explanations, Your Majesty." - Crusch
"You're welcome."
Then, if one were to ask which scene from the era in which the throne was abdicated to Souma was
most often dramatized in later years, the answer would likely be this gathering of capable people.
It was honestly either that or my speech against Gaius , honestly. I got a bit carried away with that one,
really.
Before Souma, who had sought those with gifts, five gifted young people were summoned. Of them, the
king would welcome just one with wholehearted joy.
Seen from Souma's perspective, this was one of his greatest accomplishments.
From one other person's perspective, it was the turning point in the Cinderella story of their life.
And from the perspective of "one who watched that scene through eyes unlike those of others," it was
to become "the turning point of an era."
Yes. In this scene, there were three main characters.
Me, Hakuya, and probably Poncho.
"That's an interesting way to tease the event." - Rio
Souma had been concerned that a lot of people weren't going to come, but his worries were
unfounded. There were, in fact, so many people who had turned up that the capital had become
congested with people.
Out of all the candidates that showed up, though, only five of them were chosen to stand before the
king.
The first one was a dark elf named Aisha Udgard, who had been deemed the greatest in the
kingdom in terms of martial ability.
"So that's how the two of you met?" - Rimuru
"It's funny how different Touya's first meeting with his fiances are compared to Souma's." - Subaru
"They're certainly unique." - Sylphiette
"I still think that the way Liscia and Souma first met was so bizarre." - Rimuru
When asked what prize she wanted, she said that she didn't need the money, but instead asked for
Souma to ban poachers in the God Protected Forest, where the dark elves lived. Souma agreed to
the request, then mentioned that they should begin trading with the outside world.
This conversation led to Souma inadvertently solving the issue plaguing the Forest by telling her
about periodic thinning, something that did not exist in this world. Aisha, grateful for this piece of
advice, decided to declare her unwavering loyalty towards Souma, much to his chagrin.

"Well that escalated quickly." - Rudeus
"He did solve a problem that had been plaguing them for a while. That is a good reason for her to declare
her loyalty to him." - Rimuru
"I suppose that, because of tradition, they wouldn't want to actually cut those trees down. Speaking of
said traditions, did they resist the periodic thinning of the trees?" - Lugh
"They did, but we managed to persuade them."
Not without some pain, though.
The next individual was Hakuya Kwonmin, whose wisdom was considered unparalleled within the
nation. His interaction was more uneventful than the last, and he was simply given the role of a
librarian with the castle's archives. Souma did remark that he wanted to keep such an interesting
card close to him.
"He didn't get a governmental related job at first, huh? I wonder what happened." - Ainz
"You'll see."
The next one was Juna Doma, who was considered not only the most beautiful, but also had the
talent for singing. This was due to the fact that she had lorelei blood with her. After singing a song
from Souma's homeland, she was then given a job to entertain everyone with her songs.
"Oh, you met two of your fiances in this event!" - Rimuru
"Yeah. It was crazy how that happened."
In all honesty, it was crazy how I met all of my fiances so far.
"Why did you accept Juna as a personal retainer?" - Touya
"You'll see soon enough."
The one after her, Tomoe Inui, had an interesting talent. It was said that she had the talent to talk
to animals. Souma of course considered her talent astonishing, then he was informed that she was
one of the refugees from the far north. Souma said that he wasn't going to refuse, and would let
Tomoe serve him as well.
"Talking to animals, an interesting talent." - Rio
"Yeah, no wonder she was presented before Souma." - Touya
Ah! I forgot about Tomoe's secret! I got careless!
I began to think about what to do about this before the secret was actually revealed. And so, I decided to
give everyone a warning.
"Everyone. What you're going to see next here is a very important secret about Tomoe. I want you all to
keep this a secret as well to everyone else once we return back, and I would also like you all to please
understand why I kept it a secret."
Many were confused about what I said and simply raised their eyebrows, but those in the know, including
Tomoe, all had nervous looks as they realized what was going to be said.

"It's going to be okay, Tomoe. Alright?"
"Y-Yes, thank you, big brother." - Tomoe
Suddenly, Tomoe began to ask Souma to come to her, as she was going to tell him something.
Souma then approached the girl to hear what she has to say, and what she said shocked Souma. It
shocked him to the point that he had to take a break because the information said to him was
immensely shocking.
"I wonder what she told him." - Jeanne.
"Well, we're about to find out, aren't we?" - Maria
After that, Souma, Liscia, Ludwin, and Marx gathered with Tomoe to discuss what she had just
told the king. Namely, that she can actually talk to demons and monsters as well as animals. She
and her family had actually survived due to the fact that she managed to communicate with a
demon.
As I expected, everyone from my world who didn't know about this fell silent. It was as if time had
stopped, and they were all stunned. The first one who broke the silence was Jeanne.
"Sir Souma!" - Jeanne
Before she can say anything more, her sister held up a hand to stop her.
"Jeanne, stand down." - Maria
"But-" - Jeanne
"If I was him, I would have kept this secret as well. You should know the implications to this, right?" Maria
"I know..." - Jeanne
"You can talk to demons as well, Tomoe?!" - Yuriga
"Y-Yes." - Tomoe
"That explains why you accompanied the king during his trip to the Eastern Nations." - Ichiha
"This is incredibly sensitive information." - Julius
"I can see why His Majesty wants to hide this." - Excel
As he expected, this fact shocked everyone in the room, and the implications for such an ability was
massive. Souma now holds an advantage against the other countries, but he knows that if he
mishandles her, it can cause chaos within mankind.
"Why?" - Touya
"If people find out that there is a way to communicate with demons, they'll stop being the common
enemy of mankind, and that's really bad."
After all, the only reason why there is relative peace within the kingdoms of mankind was because
they had a common enemy, the demons. If it gets found out that they can communicate with them,

they'll stop being mankind's common enemy.
"There."
"Ah, I see." - Touya
"Do you?" - Elze
"Of course I do! I'm not that stupid, Elze!" - Touya
With how incredibly valuable yet dangerous Tomoe's existence is, it was imperative that she is
protected at all costs. This resulted in a plan where the previous royal couple adopts Tomoe after
some time in order to provide her with protection without anyone suspecting anything.
"Was anybody suspicious?" - Rimuru
"Not that we know of. There wasn't a significant reaction to her adoption, and we don't even hear any
rumors as to why she was adopted. Everyone accepted the reason we gave pretty easily."
"I mean, considering how lax the citizens are, I'm not that shocked." - Rudeus
After that, the awarding ceremony continued.
The last one to be awarded is a man named Poncho Panacotta, whose gift was being a big eater.
Hakuya, whose thoughts were being displayed, expressed in his mind that this was Souma's final
test to see if he is a king that will save the country and knows his priorities.
"Oh yeah, he was testing you." - Liscia
"That's... kind of insolent of him." - Ariel
"I didn't mind. I like it when people are more courageous like that. Besides, he has the talent to back up
his insolence."
Much to his surprise, Souma welcomed the man enthusiastically, told him that his knowledge will
save the country, and even awarded him with the name "Ishizuka" as a symbol of his high hopes
for him.
"I mean, yeah, the guy who knows all about food can definitely be useful in a food crisis." - Touya
"Still, his appearance is completely unremarkable, and anyone not smart enough or perceptive enough
probably wouldn't think of him very highly. I guess that's Souma's test in Hakuya's mind." - Rimuru
I wanted to cry out for joy. Splendid! This was a king who had his priorities straight!
Whether he would hire Poncho or not had been a touchstone for this king.
"Yep, I knew it." - Rimuru
I had thought that if he failed to recognize the man's value but hired him on the potential he might
someday be of use, that would be a pass. If he had chosen not to hire him solely based on his
appearance, that would be a failure. I never dared to imagine he would welcome him so
enthusiastically. This was a happy miscalculation for me.
"So even you have things you can't predict, eh?"

"I wouldn't claim to be infallible, Your Majesty. I can make mistakes like any other human." - Hakuya
This man may well save this country.
I felt something welling up from within me.
...It looks like I won't be able to just watch any longer.
"King Souma, a word with you, if I may," I said.
After Souma did this, Hakuya immediately offered himself into Souma's service as a retainer. He
wished to support Souma's supremacy and boasted that his knowledge was far more extensive than
he initially expressed. With this, Souma asked Marx to judge his gift and give him a position suited
for it.
He didn't know it at the time, but this was his first meeting with the person who would later be
known as the Black-robed prime minister.
"That's... a badass nickname." - Subaru
"I agree, it sounds so cool." - Teacher
In history, there are some scenes which are easily dramatized by later generations. There are some
conditions for this:
First, it must be the turning point of an era.
Second, it must have a certain flair when dramatized.
These are the two conditions. In Elfrieden history, the scene most dramatized in later years was "King
Souma's Gathering of Personnel."
It is said that there are three main characters in this scene.
Seen from Souma's perspective, this was one of his great accomplishments.
From the perspective of the man who would come to be called the Black-robed Prime Minister,
Hakuya Kwonmin, it was to become"the turning point of an era."
And from the perspective of a certain other person, it was the turning point in the Cinderella story of
their life. However, there are different theories on who that third person is.
Some say it was the Warrior of the Eastern Wind, Aisha Udgard, who, despite being a dark elf who
lived in the forest, swore her loyalty the king, and from that point on was always at his side serving
him.
Some say it was the Prima Lorelei, Juna Doma, who was recognized bythe king, learned the songs of
his country, gave birth to the concept of a lorelei, which was the word that came to mean an idol singer
in Elfrieden, and was loved by king and people alike.
Some say it was the Wise Wolf Princess, Tomoe Inui, who, despite being a refugee, was instantly
adored by King Souma and Queen Liscia, and taken in as the queen's adopted sister.
However, the one most featured in dramatizations was Poncho Ishizuka Panacotta. Mocked by all
around him for his weight, this unspectacular glutton of a man was, through "The King's Gathering

of Personnel," able to turn his life around. For the people exhausted with their daily lives, this true
story moved them and gave them energy, and so it came to be dramatized many times.
It seems odd to call the tale of a rotund man a Cinderella story. Yet, despite being a little
scatterbrained, he was hard not to like. He was loved by all, and so they said it suited him perfectly.
In addition, because the King's emotional welcoming of Poncho was broadcast throughout the
kingdom, it had the unexpected side effect of many gifted people gathering in Elfrieden, thinking, "If
even a guy like that can become important, so can I..." From this event, in later years, a new proverb
meaning "start with small things" was created.
"Start from Ishizuka."
"That's a nice little ending to that part!" - Rimuru
"It does." - Rudeus
"It's touching how much that man's life had changed for the better!" - Satsuki
Many interesting things happened after Souma's famous recruitment of personnel. Two of those
were the appearance of the Little Musashibo adventurer piloted by Souma with his magic, as well
as his broadcast program where he provided alternative food options to the country until he
managed to solve the food crisis.
(A/N: Yeah, not much reaction to this whole section. It's just not that fun to me in my opinion,
compared to the stuff like the tokusatsu program, so I shortened this.)
At the scene where Little Musashibo was shown, the otherworlders simply raised their eyebrows.
"Really? That's the guy you chose?" - Rudeus
"He's popular in my hometown."
"Eh, there are worse options." - Rimuru
When the broadcast program was shown
"Yep, he's already proving his usefulness." - Rimuru
"Gelin as noodles, huh? Was it delicious, Souma?" - Nanahoshi
"Yes, they were. They're very comparable to actual noodles."
After all of this, Souma and Hakuya had a meeting regarding their foreign situation. In short, it
wasn't great.
Out of all the countries surrounding them, four are neutral and one is hostile.
"That's not good." - Rio
"Even with the domestic front solved, that still leaves the international front to deal with." - Lugh
I can't say big bro is wrong to be wary of Turgis. He had no idea what the country is like at the time. Kuu

Things were especially bad with the Principality of Amidonia, who had given them the offer to send
troops for stability. They suspected that the Three Dukedoms were given the same offer, and they
were hoping that the two fight each other in a civil war just so they can get an excuse to send troops
to Elfrieden in order to occupy some of its cities.
Both Roroa and Julius noticeably winced at the mention of Amidonia.
I see, this theater is going to show my shameful behavior as well. - Julius
Amidonia was blatantly trying to deceive us, Zem was tilting towards hostility, and the Elfrieden
Kingdom was unable to achieve national unity because of my conflict with the Three Dukedoms.
Difficult problems to solve, all of them.
"However, this is all part of the scenario you wrote, isn't it?" I asked, staring hard at Hakuya. Hakuya
remained unperturbed.
"Yes. At this moment, everything about the situation is shifting as it should," he declared. That cool
expression of his made me scratch my head vigorously.
"You... do realize, right?" I asked, referring to the number of people who would be sacrificed by
Hakuya's plan.
Everyone's eyes widened at my wording, but they simply continued to watch in silence.
The scenario Hakuya had laid out would mean great losses for our foes, and great gains for our allies.
It was true that I needed a move, no matter what it was, that would let this country rise to be a strong
nation. However, to bring it to fruition, this country would also need to shed a fair amount of blood.
Despite that, Hakuya declared this without showing any guilt: "Yes. I believe we should take
everything that this opportunity offers us."
I was silent.
"Sire, you should understand, the result will save many of your countrymen."
The rough decisions you make as a ruler, huh? Will you be able to take those burdens, Souma? - Rimuru
How is King Souma going to overcome these problems? I am strangely looking forward to seeing this all
unfold. - Liselotte
"...I know that. But, still, I'm only going to accept doing 'this' once." I looked Hakuya straight in the
eye.
"A political thinker from my world, Machiavelli, wrote about it in The Prince. If a ruler does 'this' just
once, and in doing so finishes everything, never doing it again, he will be regarded as a great ruler. On
the other hand, should the one time he does 'this' fail to be decisive, he will sooner or later face his
end as a tyrant."
"You're Machiavellian, Souma? That's unexpected." - Subaru
"Not exactly, I just use his lessons as reference as to how to be an effective ruler in times of crisis."
"He has some good points about things, so he's not a bad person to learn things from as a ruler." - Lugh
Are they referring to cruelty? Is this why I failed in Amidonia? It looks like I will be able to learn much
more than I thought I would in these viewings. - Julius

"...This Machiavelli had a terrifyingly realistic view of things." Hakuya was slightly taken aback.
Yeah. That was why I liked him. I had been enthralled by the endless realism of Machiavelli and
reread The Prince many times. Though I had never expected the knowledge to come in handy like this
someday.
"Regardless, I have deemed your plan to be an example of doing 'that,'" I said. "So..."
—If we are to do it, let it be in one stroke.
"That's... extremely ominous." - Rudeus
Everyone simply agreed with him.
"And that's the end of this one for now!" the Everlasting shouted.
"What the heck? There are cliffhangers now?!" Subaru exclaimed.
"And there's going to be so much more~." they replied in a sing-song voice.
"It was very interesting." Rimuru said. "Too much politics, though."
"It's all certainly very fascinating to watch..." Lugh muttered.
"That last one is very ominous, though." Rudeus commented.
"Very well, then! Next, we are going to look at Fran and Teacher's beginnings next!" the Everlasting
announced.
"Fran, wake up, it's time."
"Our adventures?"
"Yeah."
"Then let's do this, Teacher."
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

Now I'm finished with this one! Honestly, this story is such an underrated gem in my opinion. I
really, really like this one, and it just kept getting better and better the more I read it, which is why I
was really looking forward to writing this reaction chapter. I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter as
well!

Chapter 9: Beginnings Chapter 7: Sword And The Adorable Wielder
Chapter Summary

It's Fran and Teacher's turn! Everyone watches in fascination as a human turned sword narrates his
experiences as a sword!
The protagonists have just met Fran for a day, but if anybody dares hurt her, they will kill everyone
in the room and themselves.

Chapter Notes

One thing I want to say before this chapter begins.
First, due to the confusion that will inevitably be brought about by those with similar names in the
theater, I will be adding the first letter of their surname to the name to avoid confusion.
For example, there are three "Aisha" in the theater, so to prevent confusion, Aisha Greyrat will be
Aisha G., Aisha Udgard will be Aisha U., and Rio's spirit will simply be Aishia.
Same with Julius. Julius Juukiulus will be Julius J., while Julius Amidonia will be Julius A.
Enjoy the chapter!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Teacher's POV
"We're going to see Fran's adventures now!" Amanda shouted excitedly.
"Now this is going to be interesting!" Rimuru exclaimed with a glint in his eyes.
"Of course, you guys will be interested." I said exasperatedly.
"What do you mean, Teacher? Of course, we're interested! We're watching the adventures of a sword this
time!" Subaru commented happily.
"I think this will be fun!" Rudeus chimed in.
"Before that, questions!" the Everlasting said, leading us to the usual questions after each viewing.
"Did the former king have any ulterior motives for handing you the throne immediately upon your
arrival?" Lugh asked Souma. "Even if he knows your skills in ruling and administration, I refuse to
believe that he trusted you enough to hand over the throne like that."
I could tell that Souma knew the answer but was hesitant to do so. He turned to the Everlasting and the
two of them had a staring contest.

Interestingly enough, when I look towards the Everlasting, I don't see a sword staring back at me, I see
myself when I was human. Maybe he wanted to have a human-like form and not an object, which is why
I don't see myself as a sword when I look at him, but myself as a human instead.
Anyway, their staring contest ended, and Souma answered the question.
"He did, but it was nothing detrimental to me or the kingdom. However, for reasons you should know
already, I cannot tell you what it is." he said, indicating that the former king's reasons will be made
apparent sooner or later. "Let me just say that the whole thing ran deeper than I realized."
Liscia looked at him with a bewildered stare, but he simply stared back at her, indicating that all will be
known to her later.
"Next, Is Juna and Excel related in some way?" It was Rimuru who asked next. "Their resemblance is
way too obvious to me."
It wasn't Souma who answered, but Excel.
"Indeed, Demon Lord Rimuru. Juna is my granddaughter." she replied.
"Ah, I see." Rimuru simply nodded.
Wait, but she looks so young! She looks like she's just Juna's older sister! How old is she?
Despite the thoughts running in my head, I dare not ask about her age. It's a taboo around women, after
all.
"Next question, then, have you actually encountered any demon before?" Rio asked an interesting
question.
"No. All I've met are monsters from the Domain, but that's it. The demons reside deep in the Domain,
and I haven't really explored that part yet." he said. "I don't really see the need to currently."
Rio simply nodded at his explanation.
"Any more questions?" the Everlasting asked.
When they all shook their heads, the Everlasting clapped their hands once.
"Well then, let us start with the introductions from the Sword world!"
"My name is Amanda! I'm a half-elf A-rank adventurer based in the town of Allessa. It's a pleasure to
meet you, everyone!"
"A-rank, huh? I wonder how that compares to our world..." Rimuru muttered.
"You're a half-elf? But your ears are longer than Emilia-tan's..." Subaru said. "Is that how long the ears of
half-elves are in your world?"
"It depends on our parentage." Amanda replied calmly.
"Indeed. I'm a half-elf myself, but because my father is a human, my ears are more humanlike than
elflike." the gray-haired girl that expressed her interest in studying me said.
I wonder who she is. She doesn't look like a researcher to me, maybe she's a blacksmith like Garrus is? If
so, how is she important to our journey?

"Oh, so that's why. Sorry if I was rude! Uhh, and Amanda-san, can I ask a favor from you?" he said.
"What is it, Mr. Subaru?"
"Can you please give me some pointers on how to wield a whip while we're in this theater?" he asked,
bowing in the process.
"Hm? I see, so you noticed this." she said, holding up her whip for everyone to see. "So, you're a whip
user as well?"
"I just started learning recently. I want to learn from someone who's good at wielding a whip, but I don't
think I'll be able to ask you to teach me for an extended period of time, so I want to just ask for pointers!"
he answered.
"That is fine by me, but I won't be going easy on you, okay?"
"Yes!"
As the two came to an agreement, the next one introduced themselves.
"I'm Garrus, the royal blacksmith of Granzell."
"My name is Sellimea Seedrun, the Queen of the Kingdom of Seedrun."
"Ho? Last I heard, Seedrun was going through a civil war. Looks like that ended, huh?" the royal looking
beastman asked Sellimea.
He's dangerous, Teacher.
'He is?'
Hm. I can feel it.
"Yes. Ms. Fran was instrumental to our victory in the civil war, and we are truly grateful for her help in
the war."
"Oh, you're involved there, Fran-chan and Teacher?" Amanda asked.
"Hm."
"Yeah."
"Well, we're definitely going to see that in the theater." Rimuru said.
"I am Miriam Seedrun! second princess of Seedrun and commander of the Seedrun fleet!"
"Forlund. A-rank adventurer."
"Another A-rank, huh? Just like Amanda." I said.
"Hm. I wonder who's stronger."
"We'll just have to see in the theater."
"I am Lumina, the dungeon master of the Ulmutt dungeon."
"Dungeon master?" Rimuru asked.

"There are places in our world called dungeons, which are trials created by the Chaos God for mankind.
Dungeon masters are the beings appointed by the Chaos God to manage these dungeons, and I am one
such being."
"How did a Black Cat become a dungeon master?" Fran asked her.
"All will be answered in time, young one."
"I am Rigdith Narasimha, S-rank adventurer and the current ruler of the Beast Kingdom."
"An S-rank..." Fran muttered in awe.
"Yeah, he's definitely strong. He's a king as well."
"S-rank, huh? I wonder how strong he is." Rudeus said.
"It is an honor to meet you all. I am Rosch, one of the Beast King's bodyguards."
"My name is Gaudartha, and I am also one of the Beast King's royal bodyguards.
"I'm Kiara. A member of the Black cats and mentor to these fools." she pointed to the Beast King and his
bodyguards.
"Another Black Cat..." Fran said. "She's also strong, too."
"So you're still alive, Kiara... I'm glad." Lumina said as she stared fondly at Kiara.
"Heh, like I'd die that easily!" she said. "It's nice to see you again, Lumina."
"Nice to see you, too."
"My name is Nemea Narasimha, princess of the Beast Kingdom!"
"I'm Quina, Princess Nemea's personal maid. It is a pleasure to meet you all."
"I'm Alistaire. I'm a godsmith."
"Oh! It's an honor to meet a godsmith like you here!" Garrus exclaimed.
"A godsmith, huh?"
Well that answers my question.
"Fran, we need to talk to her when possible." I said.
"Hm." was her short and usual reply.
"What's a godsmith?" Subaru asked.
"A godsmith, or a divine blacksmith is a blacksmith capable of creating Divine Swords or Godswords,
the most powerful weapon to exist in our world. They're either weapons of mass destruction or they just
have extremely powerful abilities." Garrus explained to them, and they all nodded.
"With the introductions finished, it's time to see the beginnings of Teacher's and Fran's journey!"
*****
(A/N: Normally, I put Teacher's dialogue in italics, but when it comes to the reaction parts from his

perspective, I'll go with my normal writing style for reactions.)
The first thing he saw when he opened his eyes was darkness. He wondered whether it was
nighttime where he was because of how dark it was, then, light started pouring from his
surroundings as he saw something bright come out of the surroundings, like a sunrise.
"Ah, so we're starting straight from when you were already there, huh?" - Rimuru
"Honestly, I will be pleasantly surprised if they show how I got transported."
"Why is that?" - Nanahoshi
"You'll see."
He then became very confused as to what was going on, as the last thing he remembered was being
hit by a red convertible going at breakneck speed, then it was dark. He was incredibly confused,
until a voice spoke to him, asking him if he was awake. This increased his confusion even more, but
the voice simply gave him a warning.
"Another traffic accident, huh?" - Rudeus
"You know, considering it's a popular trope in stories like ours, I'm surprised that only two of us have
been transported in another world by dying from a traffic accident so far." - Rimuru
Make that three. - Rio
"Is that how it usually goes?" - Liscia
"Yeah. The most popular one is being hit by a truck, which happened to Rudeus." - Souma
"It's really weird." - Rudeus
"You're in for a rough ride, strap yourself in."
"He was right, it was a rough time."
"Do you know who that is, Teacher?" - Alistaire
"I do not know. I just know that this guy is on my side."
"I see. This will be really interesting." - Alistaire
"True." - Garrus
"Huh? What?"
"See you around."
With that, he began to look around, and found out that he couldn't move his body at all. He
couldn't feel any arms and legs, and his whole body felt off. When he looked down, he couldn't help
but feel immense shock.
"I... I'm a sword."
"I don't know if I should feel bad or be jealous that you became a sword, Teacher-san." - Touya
"I don't know what to tell you."

"Yeah, this is going to be fun." - Rimuru
He was looking at a sword that was stuck to a pedestal, and he understood without a doubt that the
sword was him. He was understandably shocked.
"I died... and was reincarnated as a sword?"
"This... is probably the weirdest story we have so far." - Souma
"And we have someone who became a slime! And an undead!" - Rudeus
"I'm curious about what happened between you and Fran-chan now..." - Amanda
"Oh, we never told you, didn't we? Oh you'll see."
Naturally, he was shocked at this bizarre occurrence but decided to simply collect as much
information as he could in this state. First, he decided to take a look at his stats, as well as the
description of his skills.
Name: Unknown
Owner: None
Race: Intelligent Weapon
Attack: 132 MP: 200/200 Durability: 100/100
Skills: Identify 6; Self-Repair; Telekinesis; Telepathy; Status+; Recovery Rate+; Skill Sharing; Mage
"Ooohhh, a stat screen." - Subaru
"Fascinating. You already had a skill that allowed you to use magic. You were meant to be a magic
wielding blade..." - Alistaire
Identify 6: Displays information of surrounding objects
Self-Repair: Automatically restores weapon durability unless completely destroyed
Telekinesis: Use magic to affect surrpunding physical objects
Telepathy: Use magic to speak directly into the minds of others
Status+: Slightly increase all user stats
Recovery Rate+: Slightly increase all user's health and magic recovery rate
Skill Sharing: Grants Owner access to all skills
Mage: Ability to feel the flow of magic. The mark of a mage.
"Even in your weakest form, you are still quite the useful sword to have." - Reinhard
"You know, I don't know how strong you are right now, Teacher, but I shudder to think what would
happen if someone like Reinhard wields you..." - Subaru
"I don't know if I'm going to survive Reinhard wielding me!"
"Haha, do not worry, Teacher, I believe you are strong enough to be wielded by me." - Reinhard
I glanced at Fran, who was pouting, so I quickly reassured her.
"Don't worry, Fran."
"Hm." - Fran

He then began to try and remember the memories of his past life. While he can remember most of
his life until he died, he couldn't remember his name. He knew that he was a thirty-year-old male
office worker who lived alone and liked curry, anime, manga, VRMMO, and light novels. He also
never entered into a relationship.
"A comrade!" - Rimuru and Rudeus
Many glanced at them with amused or exasperated expressions.
"Wait, you didn't remember your name?" - Lugh
"No. I have no memories of my previous name and how I managed to get turned into a sword, but I do
have memories of everything else."
"Well, we'll definitely see the truth to that in this theater." - Rimuru
Now, as he observed his body, he then realized that he'll never be able to lose his virginity now. As a
result, he began to sulk about his situation.
"That's actually kinda sad. Truly a comrade." - Rimuru
"You're a slime, aren't you? I'm pretty sure you can still lose your virginity." - Rudeus
"Oh God, the mental image! Of course, you are the one to bring that up!" - Subaru
"Hey!" - Rudeus
"It's your fault you brought that up. Still, you have a poi–" - Touya
Elze smacked him in the head before he can continue talking.
"Don't you dare continue that sentence, Touya!" - Elze
"You're worried about that, Teacher?" - Fran
"Well, not anymore. It was just a shame."
Wait, how did Fran know what virginity means?! Maybe she was taught by her parents before they died...
He didn't know how long he sulked like that, but eventually, he began to accept his reality and
instead tried to enjoy the fact that he was given a second lease in life as a sword. As he pondered
this, he began to ask himself what kind of ideal user he wanted. At first, he thought about a hero,
all righteous and pure, wielding him, but then decided that he wanted a cute girl to wield him,
though to him, any girl is acceptable as long as they weren't ugly. He'd prefer that over any
musclehead hero.
"Well, at least he got his wish." - Amanda
"A cute girl is wielding him!" - Emilia
"He's lucky in that regard!" - Sylphie
"I'm... cute, Teacher?" - Fran
"Of course, you are, Fran!"

"Whoever says that Fran is not cute will answer to me!" - Rimuru
"I will punish whoever doesn't consider this girl as adorable." - Ainz
"Fran? Not cute? Blasphemy." - Touya
His fiances all agreed with him.
He then began to take stock of his surroundings. He was placed in a pedestal in the middle of what
looked like ancient ruins, with shrines dotted around the area. Surrounding the ruins was
grasslands and shrubbery, with not even a tree in sight, and there were some creatures moving
around the plains from a distance, which were probably monsters.
"That's what it looks like in the center..." - Amanda
Oh yeah, she goes to this Haunt frequently.
"The place just gives off the vibes that a legendary sword is housed there..." - Subaru
The sword then noticed that he had Telekinesis as one of his skills, and so began to use this skill to
move around. Unfortunately, Telekinesis had used up his MP, and fell to the ground when his MP
ran out, making him more cautious about using his Telekinesis from then on.
"Just imagine a sword that's basically floating on its own..." - Eris
"I did not need to see an image like that in my head, Eris! That's scary!" - Rudeus
"It will look very ominous..." - Hilde
"That's not a fun image to imagine..." - Rimuru
In day three of his life as a sword, something eventful finally happened. The sword saw a bunch of
goblins trying to claim him as their sword. Specifically, the leader of the goblins tried pulling him
out.
"I don't think that's gonna end well." - Subaru
"For them, that is." - Lugh
Using Telekinesis, he resisted the goblin's attempts at pulling him out, resulting in the goblin being
frustrated and trying to attack him. Eventually, the goblin leader flicked its snot at him, infuriating
the sword.
"Ew!"
The majority of the audience collectively shuddered in disgust over what just happened. Many of the
women also gagged at the sight.
"Haha, well they're dead!" - Rigdith
"They're totally dead." - Subaru
"That's quite disrespectful." - Rio
In retaliation, the sword decided to kill all of the goblins. He used his Telekinesis to move himself as
the stunned goblins looked on in shock at the sword moving on its own. The first goblin killed was

the leader, as his body pierced through the monster's chest, causing it to instantly die.
"Yeah, not unexpected." - Rimuru
"I don't think they had any idea that the sword has a mind of its own, though." - Hinata
"They were probably shocked, if those goblins can get shocked." - Touya
When he felt enthusiasm about cutting up the goblin, he felt nervous as he began to think that he
might have been a cursed sword that was hungry for blood. However, he decided to put that in the
back of his mind for now as he slaughtered all of the other goblins without even an ounce of guilt in
his mind.
"You don't act and look like a cursed sword." - Rudeus
"Well, I'm not, but there's a reason for this behavior. I'm pretty sure we'll be seeing that right now."
After he finished, he felt an odd sensation, seeing himself glowing as he killed those goblins. He
then opened his stats to see if anything changed.
Name: Unknown
Race: Intelligent Weapon
Attack: 132 MP: 166/200 Durability: 100/100
Evolution: [Rank 1; Crystals: 3/100; Skill Capacity: 10]
Skills: Identify 6; Self-Repair; Telekinesis; Telepathy; Status+; Recovery Rate+; Skill Sharing; Mage
Equipped Skills: None
Skill Bank: Dig 1; Disassembly 1; Sword Mastery 1; Club Mastery 1; Command 1; Survivalist 1;
Kobold Killer
He observed the new additions to his stats screen, specifically, his Skill Bank and the Crystals. He
figured that he stole the skills from the goblins when he killed them. The crystals, meanwhile, were
something that he absorbed when he killed the monsters. The sword felt a strange sense of
satisfaction upon absorbing the crystals and figured that he had a craving for those things.
"A hunger for monster crystals, hm? Do you know why that is?" - Alistaire
"I don't really know. I do have an idea as to why, but that would get into some spoiler territory. Maybe I'll
explain later in private."
"I look forward to it, then." - Alistaire
"A sword that can get stronger... It's quite interesting, I must say!" - Kiara
The sword then went on to kill more monsters, such as a Poison Fang Rat and a Giant Centipede,
as he continued to travel throughout the fields. Eventually, he maxed out on the number of skills he
carried, so decided to kill monsters to increase his capacity.
The next day, he finally evolved after killing his 124th monster. His Skill Capacity had increased,
just as he thought. He was also given free points, which he used to upgrade his existing skills,
especially his MP Up! skill. To grow stronger, he decided to kill many monsters in order to further
evolve and steal their skills.
"Does that only apply to monsters?" - Lugh
"Yeah, since I steal their skills by absorbing their crystals. I can't do that with other races."

We started out very similarly, huh? That's nice! - Rimuru
After some time hunting for monsters, he decided to go and hunt for some goblin nests to destroy.
Unfortunately, he couldn't find any goblin nests for two days, growing frustrated and his hunger
for crystals growing as the time passed.
Thankfully, he then found a group of goblins the very next day, and the sword hatched a plan. He
will kill some of the goblins, then he'll let the others live so that they can run to their hideout.
"Quite the smart tactic there, Teacher." - Roxy
"It really is terrifying seeing a sword floating around like that!" - Rudeus
"If I saw something like that, I would have thought I was losing my mind." - Nanahoshi
They took too long going to said hideout, but they reached there eventually. The sword, impatient
and hungry, let out a silent scream and lunged for the goblins, slaughtering them.
He then delved deeper into the cave until he saw the Goblin King and their entourage. Feeling
euphoria over the abundance of skills and stats in display, he eagerly launched himself towards the
king, killing him instantly as his blade pierced through his body, devouring its crystals in the
process.
"This is Teacher's main advantage as a sentient sword. Not only is he a small target, making him hard to
hit, but every part of his body can also be used to harm his opponent, and he almost has no vulnerable
weak spot." - Amanda
"Quite right." - Forlund
He can already take on nests like these early in his time as a sword, huh? He's quite strong. - Kiara
The sword then turned towards the goblin mages, his most valuable targets, as this will allow him
to finally use magic. The whole affair was a one-sided slaughter, as the goblins were massacred by
this lone flying sword.
"That is such a weird and terrifying image..." - Souma
"Those goblins didn't stand a chance at all." - Liscia
"I want to wield him, even if just in a moment..." - Eris (whispering)
"I'm sure he'll allow you later." - Rudeus
"Can you imagine fighting something like that?" - Touya
"No, I don't want to." - Subaru
When he finished his slaughter, he found himself metaphorically full and decided to go back to the
pedestal. However, it had already turned nighttime, so he wouldn't even be able to navigate his way
home. This led to him killing monsters that can navigate themselves in the dark. Having been
carried away by hunting down monsters, he failed to detect a dangerous monster approaching his
location from close by.
When the sword looked up to see what it is, he was shocked to see a Lesser Wyvern trying to attack
him. A fierce battle then ensued between both dragon and sword.

"Ooohhh, a classic battle between a knight wielding his sword and a dragon! There's... just no knight, just
a sword." - Subaru
"He was already taking on monsters like these... Fascinating, this sword really is quite the powerful
one..." - Alistaire
It was indeed an intense battle for him as the wyvern continued chipping away at its blade. The
sword, though, used the wyvern's speed against him as he knew that it would be difficult for it to
correct its course when flying, so he used that to his advantage. As his blade was broken, he lured
the wyvern into a trap, leading it to fly straight at him then swerve at the last moment and cut its
wings, paralyzing the wyvern and leaving it vulnerable. After he used his Self-Repair skill to fix his
own blade, he cut through the wyvern's crystal, healed himself, and took some of its skills.
"Oh, good job, Teacher." - Fran
"Thanks, Fran!"
"One of the smarter fighters we've seen so far." - Lugh
"Hahaha! This is just entertaining!" - Rigdith
"Indeed." - Alistaire
The next morning, he finally managed to get back from his pedestal, and began to test out his
magical capabilities, specifically his fire magic. After that, he decided to venture out further in
order to make himself stronger.
Four days after he learned and experimented with his fire magic, he gained a reputation among the
monsters in the area as a murderous magic sword, and some of them even began trying to destroy
him, but to no avail. He slaughtered his way through a plethora of monsters, like orcs, slimes, a
Cannon Tortoise, and a Flare Leopard. Eventually, he reached the outer rim of the grasslands,
which he christened Area 5.
"He actually got a reputation..." - Touya
"Considering he is a flying sword that is going around killing monsters, it's inevitable." - Souma
"Imagine if he had been near a human settlement. This would have been a crazy rumor for everyone." Rudeus
"It would have been, yeah, but someone would have definitely been able to wield me if that's the case."
"These monsters are just basically making him even stronger." - Rimuru
"You named the sections of the Haunt, Teacher?" - Amanda
"I did, just for convenience."
"Maybe we should take that idea..." - Amanda
As he traveled through the grasslands, he realized that monsters get stronger the farther he gets
from the pedestal. He even noted that there were no more trash mobs around, and that the
monsters here are simply large powerful monsters that has their own territory under their control.
He then looked at his stats.

Name: Unknown
Race: Intelligent Weapon
Attack: 314 MP: 1000/1000 Durability: 800/800
Evolution: [Rank 5; Crystals: 1366/1500; Skill Capacity: 34; Free Points: 38]
Skills: Identify 6; Attack Up (Small); High Speed Self-Repair; Skill Sharing; Telekinesis; Telekinesis
Up (Small); Telepathy; MP Up (Small); Bestiary; Mage; Skill Capacity Up (Small)
"It's honestly nostalgic seeing my stats like this..."
"You're much stronger now, Teacher." - Fran
"Yeah, I really am stronger now, and a lot has happened."
"Mm!" - Fran
As he traveled, he saw some goblins on his way. When he used his Identify on them, he was
surprised to see more details on them regarding the goblins, as well as the fact that there were gods
who existed on this world. He vowed to be careful when dealing with these beings.
When he reached Area 4, he found himself struggling. He could no longer win a fight with a
monster without being damaged in the process, but he struggled onwards, wanting to get stronger.
Eventually, he reached Area 5.
"Those monsters... You're lucky that you were just being damaged while fighting them and not being
destroyed." - Amanda
"I now realize that, Amanda."
The first monster he faced there was a monster called the Gluttonous Slimelord. It was a large
slime that was about fifteen meters long and was loaded with magical energy. After distracting it
with fire magic, he launched a massive slash at its crystal, shouting "Heavenly Slash!" in the
process. With that, the monster was dead.
"He's fighting strategically here." - Ainz
I admire the way he's fighting. It reminds me of my own fighting style. - Ainz
"That is such a troublesome monster to fight, especially with my skillset. Not that I can't beat it." Amanda
"Considering I beat that thing this early, I will be surprised if you can't."
Of course, he got new skills out of that fight, as well as a new evolution. The skills he got were
Camouflage, Harden, Instant Regen, Soften, and Pocket Dimension.
"Storage abilities like that is always useful..." - Touya
"It is!" - Rimuru
The next monster he fought was a monster called the Doppel Snake, which can produce copies of
itself using the Doppelganger skill. The sword defeated said monster and took its skill, creating
copies of his human self, instead of his sword self. Unfortunately, he wouldn't be able to use this
skill to wield himself because the skill consumes a lot of MP.
"That's what you looked like as a human, Teacher?" - Fran

"Yeah."
Fran stared at it for a few seconds before smiling at me.
"You look so cool, Teacher!" - Fran
"T-Thank you, Fran... Nobody has ever said to me before..."
You're going to make this old man cry...
A lot of people in the theater smiled warmly at our interaction.
"They are really close, aren't they?" - Yumina
"I mean, considering that they've probable fought together through a lot of life-or-death situations, they
are going to be close like that. There's nothing strange about this." - Touya
"You're right." - Lucia
"It's touching seeing a sword and a wielder so close like this!" - Mea
"It's true, Lady Mea." - Quina
After this fight, he took some time to rest before continuing to explore the rest of the Area 5,
making sure to look for monsters on the same level as the Slimelord and the Snake.
The next day, he was locked into a fierce combat with a monster called the Blast Tortoise, which
fires off compressed air blast at its enemies, dealing massive damage in the process. The unnamed
sword defeated it by tackling the monster, flipping it onto its back which left it vulnerable to the
sword's attacks. He took its crystal, getting the skills Air Compression and Air Blast in the process.
The following afternoon, the sword fought the Tyrant Sabertooth, which was a giant tiger, whose
main strong points are its agility and its ability to oscillate its body parts which made its attack
power incredibly high. It was also incredibly durable, as even a Fire Arrow from the sword only
singed its fur a little.
This time, the sword won by upgrading one of his skills, Poison Fang, to kill the monster as it does
not have any poison resistance. The strategy worked, and the beast was slain as a result. The sword
got Oscillation and Vibrofang as its skills that was plundered from the monster. By the end of it all,
here were its stats:
Name: Unknown
Race: Intelligent Weapon
Attack: 392 MP: 1650/1650 Durability: 1450/1450
Evolution: [Rank 7; Crystals: 2109/2800; Skill Capacity: 47; Free Points: 82]
Skills: Identify 6; Attack Up (Small); High Speed Self-Repair; Skill Sharing; Recovery Rate+;
Status+; Telekinesis; Telekinesis Up (Small); Telepathy; MP Up (Small); Bestiary; Mage; Skill
Capacity Up (Small)
"That was all intense!" - Touya
"Seeing him fight on his own is so fascinating." - Alistaire
"It's like the stuff of legends!" - Mea
"I can't believe I'll see a sword fight on its own in my lifetime..." - Hilde

"I am the same as you, I am, Hilde-dono." - Yae
"It's so weird yet so cool at the same time..." - Sue
"He's turning out to become extremely formidable." - Rio
As he finished cleaning up, he looked towards the forest that was on the edge of the grassland.
Feeling curious about the place, he decided to go and investigate there to see what is there.
When he entered the forest, he observed that the monsters there were quite weak compared to the
ones he fought, so he continued moving forward until he landed on a patch of clearing on the
ground. When he did, he tried to move again, but it didn't work. Bewildered, he attempted many
different ways to move and found out that the ground of the forest sucks magic, which meant that
no matter what kind of method he used, due to the magical nature of his techniques, he couldn't do
anything.
"The Withering Forest? That's bad luck, Teacher." - Amanda
"It really is, though you can't blame me for not knowing that the ground can absorb magic power like
that."
"It does prove how human he is, considering he makes mistakes like this." - Quina
"That is just unlucky!" - Subaru
"Poor Teacher." - Sylphie
"So basically, he can't move until someone pulls him out of there." - Rimuru
Fortunately, the ground doesn't suck out the magic he has as long as he doesn't use them, so he still
had a lot left on him remaining, though his MP didn't recover at all. He had simply resigned to
waiting until either a natural disaster or a creature to pull him out of there. Best-case scenario
would be for him to be picked up by a human.
A month passed with no one coming to his rescue. Inevitably, the sword became desperate,
pleading for someone, anyone to pull him out of the ground.
"A MONTH?!" - Rudeus
"You were just stuck there, unable to do anything or even move, for an entire month..." - Nanahoshi
"That's horrible..." - Rimuru
Honestly, dying is much more preferable to something like that... Being stuck in one place unable to move
for an entire month honestly sounds horrifying. - Subaru
Teacher... - Fran
"I must say, though, why did you upgrade your Cooking skill, of all things?" - Rimuru
"It's because it's useful, okay? I also like cooking!"
"A sword that can cook... What an absurd thing to even say." - Luminous
One day, luck finally smiled on the sword as he saw a bunch of humans coming his way as they ran
away from a bear. He saw that they were a group of merchant-looking individuals hauling a heavy

carriage. When it opened, a bunch of ragged-looking people came out. It was a slave caravan.
"Wait, don't tell me...!" - Souma
"Fran-chan..." - Amanda
"It can't be...!" - Rudeus
"Damn it, slave traders are the worst!" - Rimuru
I am so glad that Haruto managed to rescue us. I wonder what would have happened if.... No, don't think
about that for now, Miharu! - Miharu
"So this is when the two of you met, huh?" - Kiara
The meeting between Fran and Teacher... - Lumina
The slave trader ordered all of the slaves to buy him time to escape, and due to some sort of
enchantment, the slaves were forced to follow his order. Since they couldn't fight at all, the sword
helplessly watched as they were all slaughtered, though fortunately, the slave merchants were also
killed as well.
"Those bastards!" - Rimuru
"This is why I hate slavery..." - Souma
"Those damn slave merchants!" - Touya
"They have no regard for them at all..." - Nanahoshi
The otherworlders just looked utterly angry at the slave merchants, and honestly, I feel the exact same as
them.
Amidst the chaos, one lone slave girl approached the sword, and he noticed that the girl had cat
ears, making him happy. The cat girl then began to pull on the sword, giving him the opportunity
to finally talk to her. The girl was the cool, quiet type who doesn't express emotions easily, but the
sword was fine with it.
"Fran!" - The protagonists
"She's here!" - Mea
"The way you were brought together... It's like fate." - Sylphie
"Yeah, it's like they're destined to be together!" - Eris
"This is like the stuff of legends, this is..." - Yae
"It's amazing!" - Hilde
Considering how our world works, I'm surprised that it happened like this. After all, fate does not exist in
our world. - Lumina
"I'm just glad that Fran will not be a slave anymore..." - Subaru

The girl then pulled out the sword from the ground, and as the sword shared his skills with the
user, the two of them handled the bear with ease. Given the strength of the sword, it was an
inevitable conclusion.
"Nice one!" - Touya
"That was awesome!" - Rimuru
"Hell yeah! You go, Fran!" - Subaru
"Heh, that girl is strong, I want to fight her now!" - Garfiel
"Hm, bring it on." - Fran
Fran then grabbed me as she looked at Garfiel. The boy stared at her with a crazed grin on his face.
"Let's do this!" - Garfiel
"Wait, wait, wait, do that later, please." - Everlasting
The two then nodded at each other before sitting down again.
Sadly, the triumph does not last long as a surviving slave trader tried to order the girl around as
well as take the sword away from her, but the sword did not like it. Feeling his magic come back
again, the sword swiftly stabbed himself in the slave trader's head, killing him instantly.
"We didn't see that guy for a long time, but that was still so satisfying!" - Rimuru
"Serves him right." - Crusch
"That's right, Crusch-sama!" - Felix
"That guy deserved to be killed like that." - Rudeus
"Yeah!" - Rimuru
The sword then told the girl that he wanted her to keep wielding him and kill powerful monsters
with it, as he was a powerful magical sword. The girl agreed without hesitation, stating her own
goals to evolve as a beastman, as it was her lifelong dream as well as the will of her parents, as well
as the situation of the Black Cat tribe and their struggles to evolve. The sword agreed to help her
with that goal.
"I'm sure you can do it, Fran!" - Subaru
"Good luck!" - Emilia
"You can definitely do it! For the sake of your tribe!" - Rem
"We hope for your success, Fran." - Rio
"You can do it!" - Yumina
"She'll definitely succeed, I am sure of it." - Rimuru
"Thank you." - Fran

After that, both of them decided to name each other, since they both didn't have names. The sword
gave the girl her old name, Fran, while Fran gave the sword a name as well, Teacher, because he
was going to teach her how to fight. The sword was quite hesitant by the name, but seeing the look
on her face, he quickly accepted the name.
And so, Fran and Teacher were born.
"And he is stuck with that name for basically forever now." - Rudeus
"Not the worst name in the world. Definitely better than something like Juli." - Subaru
Julius from his world glanced at him annoyed, but didn't say anything.
Why do I feel like I can't criticize her over the name...? - Rimuru
Heh, that's because of Ciel, though that would be in the future. - Everlasting
Their troubles weren't over, though, as Fran still had a slave collar with her that cannot be
removed forcefully or else the girl will die. Luckily for them, the slave contract paper was nearby,
and they destroyed it, finally freeing the girl from slavery.
"Thank you."
She was blushing all the way to her cat ears. How adorable. She really was a sweet-looking girl. Give
her a few years and she'd be a heartbreaker. Not that I was going to let anyone go out with my Fran.
They'd have to go through me first.
"They'll also have to go through me as well." - Rimuru
"That's right, we're not going to let just anyone go out with Fran." - Touya
"Yeah, anyone who tries has to go through us." - Lugh
"That's right." - Rudeus, Rio, Subaru, Ainz, Souma
"Hehe, she's basically the little sister of the protagonists now!" - Sylphie
"It's adorable how they all just adopted her like that!" - Shuna
"So cute!" - Frederica
(A/N: Man, this scene makes me wish I was actually good at drawing so I can make fanart of the
protagonists!)
Once that was done, they both looted the slave merchants of any valuables to take with them to a
nearby town, and after they finished, the two set off. As they traveled, they told each other about
themselves.
Along the road, I began telling Fran about myself. We had to get our stories straight to avoid people
finding us out. I told her about how I used to be human, and about how I grew stronger by consuming
magic crystals, Skill Sharing, and the effects I had on the stats of my User.
"Crystals..."
Yeah, but I just ranked up, so the next one's gonna be a while.

"Mm."
Wha- Hey, what are you doing?
"Hm."
She took the crystal of the Fanged Rat we had just killed and was knocking it against the flat of my
blade. She was trying to feed me, I guessed, though her method was quite violent.
"Why was that so cute...?" - Emilia
"It's so adorable!" - Celia
Heh, they're going to be surprised to see how ferocious she can be.
"She is so beloved in the Theater already... Not that I can blame anyone." - Rio
Wait, hold on! I have to cut through it! Hit it against the edge of my blade!
"Like this?"
That's it.
"You really absorbed it."
And that's how I grow stronger. We should hunt every monster we see and sell the parts for money.
"Got it."
As the two traveled, Teacher took a look at Fran's stats, excluding those they shared.
Name: Fran
Age: 12
Race: Beastman; Black Cat Tribe
Class: None
LV: 3
HP: 39; Magic: 25; Strength: 24; Agility: 46
Skills: Sword Mastery 1; Night Vision; Expert Carver; Sense of Direction
Titles: Disassembly Expert; Skill Collector; Fire Mage; Master Chef
The two used their time traveling to hunt down monsters, as well as disassemble the monster parts
that Teacher had in his storage. They were headed towards the direction the town was on, but due
to the fact that they weren't traveling on the proper road, their progress was slow.
Fortunately, they spotted the highway headed towards the town of Alessa. They also rescued a
merchant named Randell heading there as well, and so they headed there together. On the way,
Fran asked the merchant a bunch of questions with the guidance of Teacher, ranging from monster
threat levels to the place where Teacher originated from, the Demon Wolf's Garden.
The Demon Wolf's Garden was an A-rank Haunt, a place ruled over by monsters, where the Srank monster Great Wolf Fenrir supposedly rests. Teacher wondered about the monster but
decided to put it on the back of his mind for now.
"That explains the wolf imagery in your hilt." - Rio
"There's definitely a connection between this Fenrir and Teacher." - Rudeus

"Maybe Fenrir is sealed inside Teacher somehow without him knowing?" - Rimuru
"Maybe Teacher is made from the monster's essence or something like that." - Touya
Meanwhile, as everyone was theorizing about my origins, I could see the godsmith Alistaire writing
those theories in a notebook.
Wait, where did she even get that?
I then saw Everlasting winking at me at that point, which made me figure out where she got it.
They then reached Alessa after two hours, and after doing some tasks to earn them money for an
entrance fee to the city, they managed to enter and the two parted ways. Fran headed straight to
the guild to register as an adventurer.
As they walked to the place, Teacher noticed something that depressed him, many of the weapons
that he saw around the town had higher raw attack power than him. Fran cheered him up from
him, and he promised to simply support her with his skills.
"Teacher... I assume you didn't know about mana conductivity at this point?" - Alistaire
When she said that, there was a slight hint of anger in her voice that terrified me, so I just answered
honestly.
"No, I didn't."
"Still, the fact that you undermined your value like that irritates me. Not only are you a one-of-a-kind
Intelligent Weapon, but you are a weapon that can get stronger, meaning that you can outstrip those
attack power you compared yourself with. I don't like the fact that you are undermining yourself like
this." - Alistaire
"I am terribly sorry for my ignorance!"
"What about all those times you cut through those tough monsters? Did you think those weapons can also
cut through those things?" - Touya
"Well, I just cut their weak points or just used magic on them, so I thought that if I actually tried to cut
them normally, I wouldn't have been able to."
"Well, at least he knows now how incredible he is, so cut him some slack!" - Garrus
Once they reached the guild, Fran approached the receptionist named Nell and asked her about
registering as an adventurer. While quite hesitant at first, they eventually relented and provided
her with a test. Namely, she was to spar with a member of the guild in order to see if she was suited
for it.
She was introduced to the man testing her, a man named Donadrond, who was a powerful D-rank
adventurer. The two had a fierce battle, but Fran eventually came out on top and passed the guild
test.
"Did Donadrond go hard on you, Fran-chan?" - Amanda
"He said he went easy on me." - Fran
"Don't worry, Amanda, she wasn't even that injured."

"Ah, I see. I'll still have to talk to him, regardless!" - Amanda
Good luck, Donadrond, you need it.
She was then brought to the guildmaster, Klimt, who was an elven sorcerer that also used Spirit
Magic. He was rightfully suspicious of Fran and her strength, but due to the spirits around him not
making a fuss, she was let off and was given a guild card, as well as given the class of a Spellsword
by Fran's request.
"Why was he suspicious of Fran?" - Touya
"Because her strength was unnatural. She thought she was a spy of some nation or something. He wasn't
wrong to be suspicious."
"When it comes to stuff like that, it's only natural." - Souma
"Indeed. Having enemy spies in your camp is just asking for trouble. His suspicions are extremely
warranted." - Lugh
"Unfortunately for him, the truth is much stranger than that." - Rudeus
"Nobody will suspect that her strength comes from a talking sword." - Rimuru
After the registration was completed, Teacher told Fran to sell some of the materials they had in
order to get money. Due to the pristine condition of the materials via their Disassemble skill, the
materials were sold for a total of 195,000G, giving them more than enough money for gear and
supplies.
This event led to an altercation with a bunch of rude idiotic adventurers, who complained about
their materials selling for less money. Nell pointed out that the condition of the materials when they
sold them was abysmal, and so the guild bought them for their appropriate value.
The adventurers then turned on Fran, thinking that she had cheated as they thought she was weak,
being a Black Cat, and was insulted as well. Fran, for a lack of a better term, kicked their collective
asses.
"FRAN! FRAN! FRAN! FRAN! FRAN!"
Almost everyone in the Theater was cheering for her when she kicked their asses. It was a really
wholesome sight.
"This is going to be a regular occurrence, isn't it?" - Rio
"To be fair, Fran is very easy to root for." - Ainz
"She really is! Go kick some ass, Fran!" - Touya
Nell had also punished them, leading to Teacher swearing that they should never cross her.
"Terrifying..." - Rimuru
"Yeah, we learned never to mess with Nell that day."
"She does her job well! I'm proud!" - Amanda
"Never mess with adventurer's guild receptionists in general." - Rudeus

"Indeed." - Subaru
They then began to look for lodgings but was unfortunately turned down because of her age. They
also began to look for equipment to use. After some looking, they were approached by a dwarf. The
dwarf was an arcane blacksmith named Garrus who had figured out they're looking for gear and
approached them to help them.
When they entered his store, they asked for a sword, which led to Garrus revealing to them that he
had known that Teacher was an Intelligent Weapon the entire time, due to his skill, Godsight. After
asking why they were requesting a weapon, Garrus explained the importance of mana
conductivity.
Simply put, mana conductivity is a weapon's capacity to be strengthened by magic. Raw attack
power doesn't matter at all, what was important was how much a sword could be strengthened by
magic. Teacher, having a mana conductivity of A, has a 200% efficiency in mana, meaning that
when charged with 100 magic power, the attack power increases by 200. This fact led to Teacher's
worries about being a weak sword put to rest.
"Well, that definitely put Teacher's mistaken look at himself to rest." - Rimuru
"Must have been relieving for Teacher's ego." - Hinata
"What a fascinating property for swords in this world..." - Kaijin
"That's true." - Kurobe
Then, Teacher inquired about who may have created him, and Garrus's guess was that a Godsmith
had created him, but it was just a guess. Teacher then asked about Godswords, and was told about
their destructive capabilities, leading to Teacher realizing that he was nowhere near the power of a
Godsword.
"Teacher will definitely surpass a Godsword." - Fran
"I'm rooting for you two!" - Amanda
"His ego got swelled and humbled at the same time." - Subaru
"Those godswords are really absurd, though..." - Touya
"They are called godswords for a reason." - Rudeus
After that, they talked about making Fran a custom-made armor. Normally, it would be expensive,
but due to Teacher having the materials from the monsters of Area 5, the cost was substantially
decreased to the point that they could afford it. They then made the transaction, and they have to
wait for a month for the armor. With that, they left the Garrus's shop.
They then bought more supplies, like clothing, food, seasonings, and cooking utensils. They also
found an inn popular with female adventurers, securing their lodgings. After that they began to
think about what skill to level up, ending up with them upgrading Healing Magic to increase
Fran's chances of survival.
"That is a great choice, indeed. For someone who is just starting out like Fran, Healing magic is a musthave." - Ainz
"Very true." - Lugh

"It saved our hides in a lot of situations, so I'm really glad about this decision."
"It's definitely a good decision." - Rimuru
By the end of the day, they headed to Fran's room at the inn and took a rest, looking forward to the
adventures the both of them will have tomorrow.
*****
"That was really nice!" Subaru said.
"Fran and Teacher's adventures are definitely going to be exciting, that's for sure!" Mea remarked
excitedly.
"Yeah, this is definitely going to be fun!" Rimuru grinned.
"Now that that's over, it's time for us to move on to the adventures of Rio!"
The aforementioned protagonist simply smiled wryly.
"I guess it's my turn now, huh?"
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

I don't know why it took me more than two weeks to finish this considering how short it is. Oh well.
And that is the beginning of the adventures of best girl Fran and best sword Teacher! Honestly, this
story is really great! I adore this duo so much! I hope you guys enjoyed this reaction chapter and
look forward to the drama unfolding in the next chapter!

Chapter 10: Announcements and Questions!
Hello, my dear readers, Null here!
Unfortunately, this is not an update, sorry to get your hopes up! Don't worry though, I am just here to
make some announcements and some questions to you.
First, do not expect the next chapter this week. The week after next week is exam week in our university,
so I won't be able to focus too much on writing the next chapter. Not only that, but the next chapter will
also lead to a lot of changes within the characters of that particular story, so I want to make those changes
as logical and in character as I possibly could, so writing all of that will take a while. At worst, it may
take me an entire month before I write the next chapter, but that's stretching it.
I think my actual projection for this fic is that I'm going to be finished with writing the beginnings
chapters within the month of October, and I may actually start with the proper reaction stuff this month as
well, so look forward to that!
Next, I am now officially closing the suggestions for isekais to be included in this fic, and I have also
now decided to NOT include any more isekais here. There are already so many stories and characters to
juggle, and I am not stressing myself out by adding more. For those who had suggested their isekais, I'm
sorry for disappointing you all. I don't want my hobby of writing fanfics to give me stress, college is
giving me enough already.
Last announcement, well, this isn't really an announcement, this is more of a teaser really.
This fanfiction's structure is pretty simple. I'm going to randomly pick around three random chapters
from each of the stories, then pick three of them at a time and post those three chapters at the same time.
This means that after the beginnings chapters and the interlude chapter, I'm going to be updating three
chapters at a time for the reaction proper. I have already explained why I'm going with this sort of format
in the prologue, so please read that.
Anyway, here are the first 27 chapters that they're going to react to as a sort of teaser for my dear readers!

Now then, for the questions!
1. Should I have them react to the openings and endings of their series? I know the animes wouldn't
actually cover everything, but I think it would be fun if they did react.
2. Should I include reactions to other fanfictions in this fanfiction (either one-shots of my own creation or
one chapter from another fanfictions)?
3. What kind of interactions between the characters do you guys want to see in this fanfic?
That is all for the announcements and questions, Null out!

Chapter 11: Beginnings Chapter 8: The Boy Who Is Both Fortunate And
Unfortunate
Chapter Summary

We watch Rio next! His beginnings in the new world was not smooth at all, but at the very least, he
was blessed with a faithful companion in the process.
Watch as drama unfolds and truths are revealed! Also, Rio and Miharu change wildly!

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Rio's POV
"Oh, before the discussion starts, I guess I should do something about your hair first, Rio." the
Everlasting said as they turned towards me. After waving their hand a little, I saw myself glow a little,
but I didn't really feel anything else. It wasn't until Miharu pointed it out that I got my answer.
"Haruto... your hair turned black!" she said.
Ah, so that's what they did.
"I simply turned your hair back to its normal color for as long as you're here in the theater. Once you go
back, the artifact will work again, and your color will change to gray."
I think that was a little unnecessary, but they are the kind to the whatever they wanted, so I should just
stay silent for now.
There wasn't really a significant reaction to my sudden hair color change, except for three individuals.
The Professor was looking at my hair with visible nostalgia on her face, while both Princess Christina
and Princess Flora looked at me like they saw a ghost.
"You really are..." Princess Christina muttered, but didn't continue what she was saying.
"Now then, let us begin with the discussion, shall we?" the Everlasting said.
"Do you have any idea about your origins, Teacher?" it was me who asked him first.
"Not much. I do know that there is something powerful sealed inside of me, but that's it." he replied.
"Something powerful?" Rimuru repeated.
"Yeah. That voice that spoke to me at the beginning said it."
"I wonder, could it be that Fenrir...?" Ainz hypothesized.
"It's possible. That place where Teacher first appeared in is supposed to be the resting place of the
legendary creature. It's not hard to connect the dots." Lugh added.

"I honestly don't know, it's the most likely possibility." Teacher said.
"Is there a reason why the Black Cats cannot evolve?" Rudeus was the next one to answer.
"I do know, but unfortunately, I will not be able to tell you." Lumina was the one who answered him as
she stared at the Everlasting. As we already know what it meant, we didn't ask anything more.
"I'm more interested about these Godswords. What are they, exactly?" Echidna asked next. I could see
Subaru momentarily glaring at her, but then looked away.
"In all honesty, while they are called Godswords, they're basically just objects of immense power. After
all, while many of the function as weapons, some of them have abilities that aren't used for combat at all,
like the Wisdom Sword Cherubim. They're called Godswords because they're forged by Godsmiths like
me and they look like swords." Alistaire answered her question.
"I see. Thank you for answering my question." Echidna said.
Since no one else was asking a question, the Everlasting clapped their hands.
"Since everyone is already done asking questions, it is time for us the introductions of the characters
from the "Spirit" world!" they said.
"I'm Aishia, Rio's contracted spirit."
"Oh! Like Beako!" Subaru shouted out loud.
"Wait, spirits exist in our world?!" the hero Hiroaki asked.
"Yes, they do. While in the Strahl region, they are considered myths, they are real." I explained.
"So she's a spirit, huh? No wonder she didn't feel human to me." Rimuru said.
"I'm Celia Claire, Rio's former teacher."
"Wait, you are? No offense, but you look younger than him, and I'm pretty sure you're human." Rimuru
said.
"I'm actually... 21 years old." she responded, much to the surprise of some people.
"She's just like you, Dia." Lugh said, turning towards the girl beside him whose name had been revealed
to be Dia.
"Hm. She's his teacher like I am to you." she said.
"Okay, why is it a common thing for these protagonists to have loli teachers?! Rudeus has one, Lugh has
one, and now Rio has one too!" Subaru shouted.
"It is certainly wild." Souma said.
"I'm Latifa, Onii-chan's little sister!" she said while pointing at me.
"She is? But she doesn't look like you?" Rudeus asked.
"She's adopted. Will probably be mentioned later." I said.
"Ah, I see."

"I'm Ayase Miharu, a friend to Rio, as well as the heroes Sumeragi Satsuki and Sendo Takahisa."
"My name is Sara, a warrior from the spirit-folk village!"
"I am Orphia, high elf and a member of the spirit-folk village."
"I'm Alma, another warrior from the spirit-folk village."
"Spirit-folk village?" It was Souma who asked.
"In our world, races like beastmen, elves, and dwarves live in a village called the spirit-folk village, who
worships spirits and nature." I explained, eliciting nods from everyone.
"I am Shigekura Rui, the hero to the Beltrum Kingdom."
"Hero?" Rudeus asked.
"In our world, there is this prophecy regarding the arrival of heroes in our world, which are connected to
the Six Wise Gods that we worship. These six individuals are the heroes from prophecy that had been
summoned from another world." Princess Christina explained while pointing at the six heroes.
"I have this strange feeling that these guys are treated more as symbolic figureheads than actual warriors
or heroes..." Souma whispered.
"Summoned heroes, huh? Considering how common of a trope that is in stories like ours, it's surprising
that this is the first time we see something like this here." Subaru said.
"Yeah, I thought we'll be seeing them more often." Touya agreed with him.
"I'm Sakata Hiroaki, the hero to the Restoration!"
"Restoration?" Souma asked.
"It is a faction of Beltrum nobles that exist in opposition to the official Beltrum government." Princess
Christina explained once more.
"You guys are going through a civil war?" the young king wondered.
"It is quite... complicated." she replied.
"My name is Sumeragi Satsuki, the hero of the Galarc Kingdom."
"I am Sendo Takahisa, the hero to the Centostella Kingdom."
"I'm Kikuchi Renji, the hero of the Kingdom of Rubia."
"Oh? I didn't think that Rubia has a hero of their own. Why weren't you introduced in the banquet?" King
Francois asked the man.
"I don't know. Princess Sylvie didn't tell me anything about it." he answered honestly.
"How strange..." the king then began to ponder, but didn't say anything more.
"My name is Sakuraba Erika, I am also a summoned hero, though I do not belong to any government."
"My name is Sendo Aki, the little sister of the hero Sendo Takahisa, as well as friend to Miharu and Rio."

"I'm Sendo Masato, the little brother of the hero Sendo Takahisa and a friend of both Miharu and HaruRio!"
"I am King Francois Galarc, the king of the Galarc Kingdom."
"My name is Charlotte Galarc, a princess of the Galarc Kingdom."
"I am Princess Christina Beltrum, the first princess of the Beltrum Kingdom."
"I-I'm Princess Flora Beltrum, the second princess of the Beltrum Kingdom and a member of the
Restoration."
"I'm Liselotte Cretia, the daughter of Duke Cretia, governor of the city of Amande, and owner and
manager of the Ricca Guild."
"Ricca Guild?" Souma asked.
"It is a general store in Amande that deals with selling a variety of products, from clothing, to food, to
hygienic supplies."
"Oohh, a fellow merchant!" Lady Anastasia Hoshin expressed her interest in her, and I also noticed Lady
Roroa Amidonia looking at her intently as well.
"Now that the introductions are over, it's time for us to begin with Rio's adventures!"
*****
Third Person POV
(A/N: I have decided to make the reactions parts in Third Person POV to include more
perspectives than just the POV character that isn't just restricted to their thoughts.)
We begin the story with a sorrowful scene. Two children were seen crying in total anguish as they
uttered their tearful goodbyes to one another.
"Don't go, Haru-kun!" the crying girl said. She clung to the boy beside a parked moving van. Her
name was Miharu Ayase , and she was only seven years old at the time.
"Ah." - Miharu
Miharu was startled that this was shown first, but realized that it made sense. She knew that this was
where it all really started. This promise with Haruto.
"Oh boy." - Subaru
"Oh no!" - Emilia
"A farewell, huh? - Rimuru
"That's going to be rough." - Rudeus
Rio felt a strange melancholy at the scene unfolding before him. He realized that it may have been the
residues of Amakawa Haruto that is left within him that made him feel this way, or maybe just seeing the
farewells between two childhood friends made him feel sad in general.
"Don't cry, Mii-chan," the little boy said. "We'll meet again, okay?" he added, trying to reassure the
sobbing girl. His name was Amakawa Haruto, and he was seven years old at the time.

"Haruto? Wait, don't tell me...?!" - Satsuki
"Yes, Amakawa Haruto is indeed my past life." - Rio
Many were unsurprised by this revelation, given that it was quite obvious given the context of the theater.
They only kept watching.
Aki could only felt conflicting emotions at what had just been revealed. The person who had saved them
and took care of them when they had first arrived in the world was the same as the person she irrationally
hated. She wanted to lash out, but something kept her quiet. She didn't know why, but she simply kept
quiet and continued watching bitterly.
Takahisa felt bitter seeing this. Seeing a side of Miharu he didn't know irked him in a way that he couldn't
describe.
(A/N: BOOOOOOO!!!!!
I hate bashing in fanfics, but Takahisa is an exception to that rule. I have plans for him, but I am
going to bully him as much as humanly possible in this fic. He deserves it. Honestly, this is one of
the reasons why I took so long writing this fic. I was not looking forward to writing Takahisa at
all.)
"Well, at least the two of you have reunited now, right?" - Sylphiette
"Haha, way to find a silver lining here, Sylphie. You're not wrong, though." - Rudeus
Rio noticed that Miharu wasn't surprised by this information at all, which meant that she already knew
who he was.
Did she figure it out? No, I gave her no clues about my identity as far as I can remember. Maybe it's
Aishia? - Rio
The boy stared at his contracted spirit, who merely nodded her head in confirmation. Rio simply sighed
at this. He did not know what she was up to, but he truster her.
Haruto was about to move far away to the countryside with his father; his parents were getting
divorced, and he didn't know when he'd see Miharu again, as he and his father had no plans to return
anytime soon. His mother was staying in the area with his little sister, but they had already terminated
the lease on their rented apartment. Haruto's father and Miharu's parents were standing back and
watching on with rather regretful expressions.
Aki glared hatefully at her father, whom she hated even more so than Amakawa Haruto.
"Sorry if this is a sensitive question, but I'm curious. Why did they divorce, Rio?" - Subaru
He knew that it was ultimately a pointless question, and also very intrusive, but Subaru felt curious about
it. He didn't know why.
Rio knew that the answer would upset Aki severely, so he wanted to at least delay it by saying that it was
a spoiler, but then...
"It's not a spoiler, so you can answer the question." - Everlasting
"What are you up to, Everlasting?" - Rio

Rio squinted at the being who took his appearance from his perspective. They simply shrugged in
response.
"Nothing much, really. I am simply giving you a choice." - Everlasting
Rio hesitated to speak, knowing that the cause of the divorce will cause Aki distress.
Unfortunately for him, the worse possible outcome happened. Aki decided to demand the truth to him.
"Just tell us the reason. Not that it would matter, since whatever that man's reasons are, you two still
abandoned Mom to suffer!" - Aki
"Aki-chan..." - Miharu
"Uhh, are we missing something here?" - Touya
"I will explain. Sendo Aki was once the little sister of Amakawa Haruto before their mother remarried.
Of course, as you can see, she hates Amakawa Haruto, and would rather think of herself as Sendo
Takahisa's little sister." - Rio
Something about the way Rio spoke about Haruto made Aki's blood boil, and was about to speak again,
but Souma said something that would begin Rio's abrupt change.
"You speak as if Amakawa Haruto was a separate part of you." - Souma
"Because he is. I simply carry his memories, but I am Rio. Amakawa Haruto is dead." - Rio
Something about what he said rubbed the reincarnators in the audience the wrong way.
"Look, before I say what I want to say, let me preface this with what I think of this situation first." Rudeus
His demeanor was incredibly serious, to the point that everyone began to wonder whether this was the
same person who was happy to suck his mother's breasts. It made a lot of them realize that he probably
had changed from the pervert he was first shown as.
"When we, the protagonists, were all brought to this theater, the Everlasting had asked us for our consent
and permission. The moment we were teleported here, each and every one of us had volunteered to lay
ourselves bare to the people that we know and to complete strangers. All of our thoughts, feelings,
memories, and sins will be shown to everyone. Well, probably not all of it, but the important ones will
still be shown. That's why there is really no point in trying to say something like, "This is none of your
business!", because the moment you were brought to this theater, it became our business just as much as
it was yours. What else are we supposed to do when we watch the highlights of your life like that? Say
nothing? That's not what we want, and I'm pretty sure that's not what that guy wants either." - Rudeus
He finished that by looking at the Everlasting, who didn't say anything.
"With that being said, I find what you just said very stupid, Rio." - Rudeus
Rio didn't say anything, and silently urged Rudeus to continue, and so he did.
"Look, I may be the worst person to say this, no, I am the worst person to say this, but I am going to say
it anyway. What you just said was stupid, Rio. Clinging to your past life is not a good thing, but trying to
completely discard it is not a good thing, either. I mean, I think of myself as Rudeus Greyrat, but that
doesn't mean that my past life was separate from me. All of the choices I did when I was a child was
because of my memories in my past life. It is an undeniable part of me." - Rudeus

As everyone was interested in seeing Rudeus' thoughts like this, they simply kept silent.
"I was a child with the memories of a failure of an adult, and all of my actions matched that, as you could
all see with my viewing. Those memories were what shaped Rudeus Greyrat as a person. Thinking that
you just carry the memories of someone else and that you're separate from them is incredibly odd to me,
because those memories would have definitely shaped your actions one way or another." - Rudeus
As Rudeus finished his statement, the other reincarnators began to say their piece as well.
"Well, considering my experiences, all I can really say is that despite me being Rimuru Tempest, Satoru
Mikami is undeniably still a part of me. Many of my decisions were made because I was once Satoru
Mikami." - Rimuru
"Same applies to me. All of the decisions I've made were made because of my experiences in my past life.
Just because I am the sword named Teacher right now does not mean that my past life is not a part of
who I am, because it is." - Teacher
"All of my experiences in my past life shaped me as Lugh Tuatha De. I cannot deny that part of me as
something separate, because they still influence my decisions to this day." - Lugh
"Our point is, Amakawa Haruto is still a part of you even though you are now Rio. The moment you
began to carry those memories within you, he became a part of you, and you became the only one who
carries the burden of Amakawa Haruto's existence." - Rudeus
Somehow, that last part really hit Rio hard. He hesitated for a moment, but then began to reply to their
advice.
"But still, there are some things I did that Amakawa Haruto would never be able to tolerate nor forgive..."
- Rio
"Ha! Not an excuse! I have done things that Satoru Mikami will never be able to tolerate before, but I
don't care. It was necessary." - Rimuru
"From the way you're saying those things, it makes it look like you were running away from Amakawa
Haruto's problems, Rio." - Rudeus
Rudeus' words silenced Rio, leaving him to think for a second, because he knew that Rudeus was right.
He was just running away. The theater also fell silent from that, as they observed the situation with either
interest of indifference. Subaru was the one who broke the silence.
"Uhh, I'm pretty sure we strayed from the original topic here..." - Subaru
Rio was grateful for the change in topic, and now began to consider whether he should tell or not.
Knowing that it may be revealed anyway, he made his decision.
I guess I'm going to have to bite the bullet on this one... - Rio
"Just to make sure that everyone believes what he says, I'm going to put an enchantment on him that
makes him say the truth and only the truth!" - Everlasting
After they said that, a white glow surrounded Rio and a weird feeling permeated through him. Yumina,
Maria, and Rimuru also had the same white glow surround them.
"To prove that it's real, let me ask a few people here some questions. First, something simple. Yumina
Ernea Belfast, do you have the Mystic Eyes of Intuition?" - Everlasting

"Yes." - Yumina
Naturally, no one denied it as they all saw it on the screen.
"Next! Empress Maria Euphoria, do you sleep on the governmental affairs office, and do you have a bed
there?" - Everlasting
"Yes, I do. I do have a bed there." - Maria
"Yes, she does..." - Jeanne
"She's just like Souma..." - Liscia
Many were surprised that she had such a habit.
"What a unique monarch..." - Luminous
"Finally, Rimuru Tempest, are you into elf girls?" - Everlasting
"Yeah- wait a second, why is that the question you ask me?!" - Rimuru
"I had to prove the authenticity of my enchantment." - Everlasting
"Oh come on!" - Rimuru
Many simply looked at Rimuru with amusement or pity as his preferences got exposed.
"Well, he certainly has good taste." - Subaru
"Definitely has good taste." - Rudeus
"Now that I've proved the effectiveness and authenticity of my enchantment, it is time to answer the
question. Rio, what is the reason for the divorce of your parents?" - Everlasting
He took a deep breath, and answered the question.
"Haruto's father found out that Haruto's mother cheated on him with another man. The affair resulted in
the child named Aki, who was actually the half-sister of both Amakawa Haruto and the Sendo siblings." Rio
The revelation was met with nods from everyone, as they weren't truly affected by the news. The only
ones that were truly shocked were, inevitably, the Sendo siblings and Aki, especially Aki.
"No, that can't be true! You're lying!" - Aki
"As we have established before, I could not lie." - Rio
"N-No, it can't b-be... Was it m-my fault...? Was it me w-who caused my Mom to suffer l-like that...?" Aki
As Rio had expected, Aki had a mental and emotional breakdown over the reveal, and Miharu went to
approach her right away.
"Don't worry, Aki-chan, it's not your fault..." - Miharu
Just as Aki began to tear up, she felt herself calm down, much to her surprise.

"I'm going to have to calm you down a little here. Once all of the viewings are over, you can cry your
heart out, then." - Everlasting
The god sounded somber as they said this, probably not liking the fact that they had to do something like
this.
Due to the calming effect, Aki didn't cry, but she fell into a contemplative silence.
The viewing, meanwhile, finally continued.
"No! I don't want you to go, Haru-kun!" Miharu pleaded through her sobs.
Seeing her tears made Haruto want to cry too, but he couldn't. He had to be brave in front of Miharu.
That's why he continued to act tough, telling Miharu that it'd be alright and that they'd see each other
again. He wanted her to stop crying... even though he was frustrated and upset himself, and wanted to
bawl, too.
Haruto loved Miharu...And Miharu loved Haruto.
The gentler and kinder individuals in the theater all smiled warmly at this, while both Rio and Miharu
simply looked away in embarrassment.
Takahisa felt himself get stabbed in the heart with this. He... couldn't accept this. There was no way he
could accept this.
There's no way... This shouldn't be happening! Miharu is... I have to do something about this! - Takahisa
While he kept quiet, making sure that nobody notices his reactions, there was one who was very
suspicious.
Yumina looked at Takahisa with deep suspicion. Her eyes can already tell that something was deeply
wrong with him. His soul was caked thick in mud, so much so that she almost doubted her eyes
considering how friendly Takahisa looked.
He is probably one of those self-righteous individuals. - Yumina
There were a few people in the theater that had more impure souls than Takahisa from what Yumina
could see. Roswaal, Ainz, Guy, and Lugh to name a few of them, though there were more. There were
caveats to them, though.
Roswaal was undeniably untrustworthy but calling him evil was a stretch. He was probably one who is
capable of doing some evil things, but certainly does not take pleasure in them.
Ainz also had an impure soul, but Yumina could tell that he was more cold than cruel.
Guy was just extremely self-centered and arrogant, only caring about himself.
Finally, while Lugh was capable of doing good things, he was a person who had seen the darkness in
humanity.
Despite that, though, Takahisa had this malice to him that made him an instant danger compared to these
other men, so she decided to take some action.
"Touya? Can you keep an eye on Sendo Takahisa?" - Yumina

At first, Touya was confused about it, but knowing about her Mystic Eye, simply nodded and accepted
her request.
"Sure, I will." - Touya
Their meeting had been a twist of fate; their parents just happened to move into the same newly built
apartment building, just happened to lease rooms next to each other, just happened to have kids born
in the same season of the same year.
Thanks to that series of events, they somehow ended up as family friends. Haruto and Miharu were
even named for the same reason: they were given the name haru after the Japanese word for spring —
the season they were born in.
As both of Haruto's parents worked full-time, the boy would often end up at Miharu's place. Since the
two of them had been raised together since they were babies, they were perhaps the epitome of what
one would call "childhood friends." That was probably why they were naturally drawn to each other
before they even knew it themselves. Though they had no idea what love meant at the time, they knew
they were incredibly precious to each other. It didn't matter whether or not they had a reason for
falling in love, they just did. They were, plain and simple, head over heels for one another.
"Haru-kun, Haru-kun... Stay with me..."
Haruto wanted to do something to stop Miharu's tears. Seeing her sad made him sad too. But
Miharu's tears showed no signs of ceasing — she only continued to bawl, leaving Haruto at a
complete loss. He felt powerless. What could he do? He couldn't even prevent this farewell with his
most beloved childhood friend from happening.
Subaru could relate to the feeling of powerlessness that Haruto felt at this moment, though more extreme.
The powerlessness he felt when he saw his friends die and he couldn't do anything about it...
"Subaru, you really are slothful."
He shook his head to stop himself from remembering that moment. The moment where he was brought to
despair...
He decided to take his mind away from that by focusing on the viewing.
With that thought, Haruto clenched his fist. Haruto was happy simply being together with Miharu, but
that wasn't possible for him right now. They were still children, after all. Instead, he would make it
possible one day — one day, he would be next to Miharu, walking alongside her forever. That's why he
had to convey his feelings to her; it was the only thing he could do in this moment.
"I'll come get you when we're bigger! We'll get married!" Haru said, mustering all his courage to
make the first and last confession of his life. "That way... we'll always be together, I'll always be beside
you, and I can protect Mii-chan with my life!"
Miharu instinctively blushed at this, while many of the females in the audience cooed over the
confession.
"That was so sweet of him, Miharu!" - Satsuki
"That was so nice!" - Sylphiette
"Hehe, Miharu-san is so lucky." - Rem

"It's like those novels I read..." - Naden
"I'm pretty sure I saw this exact scenario on one of the novels I read in your cave, Naden." - Souma
(whispering)
"That's true." - Naden (whispering)
Thump, thump. He could hear his own racing heartbeat.
"Is that... okay?" Haruto asked with a trembling voice. Miharu had stopped crying at some point,
staring at Haruto's face blankly instead.
"Yes," she answered after a beat, beaming with a dazzling bright smile. "Yes! I want to marry Harukun!"
"Oh, you want to marry Haru-kun, eh, Mii-chan?" - Satsuki
"S-Satsuki!" - Miharu
"Hehe, anyway, does that still hold up today, Miharu?" - Satsuki
"I-It does." - Miharu (whispering)
Seeing her smile made Haruto so happy. He vowed to fulfill that promise. No matter how many years
passed... He would protect it — he would protect her smile. And so, with that promise and a small kiss
goodbye, Haruto and Miharu went their separate ways.
It was a faint and fleeting promise, with no binding power behind it at all. It was an innocent promise,
made when they had no idea what the future held... But that promise was wedged firmly into Haruto's
chest, continuing to support his life to a nearly foolish degree.
In the years following that promise, Haruto did everything that he could to make sure he was
strong enough for Miharu. He trained himself hard, and eagerly awaited every day until the both
of them can meet again.
"And that's where he got his unique fighting style..." - Christina (whispering)
"Well, he certainly is well-trained..." - Lugh (whispering)
The day then came. Haruto is now a high school student and had enrolled in the same high school
as Miharu once did, hoping to reunite with her. However, when he finally saw her once again, she
saw her talking with another boy. This sight caused Haruto great anguish, as he began to think that
Miharu had forgotten their promise together. That Haruto had been foolish to actually hold on to
their childhood promise. Haruto then promised to himself that he will talk to her the next day.
"No!" - Miharu
Miharu had seen this all before, when Aishia had showed her Rio's memories. Yet, despite that, she felt
even more sadness seeing this. Maybe it's because of the fact that she can clearly hear Rio's thoughts, but
she didn't want him to feel this way.
She has to let him know how she feels, now, but she couldn't muster up the courage to do so. Her
introverted nature prevented her from doing so. She knew that this was her only chance, so she had to try
now. She didn't know why, but she decided to ask them for help.
Everlasting, help me! - Miharu

Ho? That's a first. I can't believe someone would willingly ask for my help here. Oh well, all you need is
a boost in confidence and courage. Won't be that difficult. Prepare yourself, Ayase Miharu. - Everlasting
With that, courage welled up inside of Miharu, causing her to finally admit her feelings to Rio.
"There's no way I would ever forget about you, Haruto! Because... Because I love you!" - Miharu
The theater fell silent. Absolutely so. Nobody could make a sound as they all stared at Miharu, whose
words had resonated throughout the theater.
Rio felt more affected by those words than he should have been. He knew that Miharu was speaking to
him as if he was Amakawa Haruto, but he couldn't bring himself to deny her.
Because there was something, something that was telling him that Miharu was talking to him.
"That's right! Ever since that day, I never stopped loving you! I never once forgot you, your name, and
your promise! I waited, every single day, to finally be able to meet you again! It's because I love you,
Haruto, I truly love you." - Miharu
Miharu spoke from the bottom of her heart. She meant every single word. She didn't know how she was
able to say them, when she normally would be too shy to even say a word of what she had just said. Still,
it was too late to back out now. She moved forward.
"And I know, I know what you're going to say. You're going to say that you're not Amakawa Haruto. That
he is already dead." - Miharu
It was then that Rio realized that she was, indeed, talking to him.
Miharu knew his response; she listened to what was discussed earlier. And so, she decided to nip that in
the bud before he was able to say anything.
"I don't care. When we first arrived in the world, you took care of us. You saved us and made sure that we
were able to live properly, even though we were all confused and scared. I know now what you're trying
to accomplish. You didn't need to take care of us, yet you still did." - Miharu
Rio now narrowed his eyes at her. Aishia must have shown her his memories for her to know that.
"Despite what you may think of yourself, despite what you have already done and what you are going to
do, you are a kind and caring person, one that deserves to have love given to him in return. That's why, I
want to say this, too." - Miharu
Miharu then said something that would change their relationship forever.
"I love you, Rio. I truly, deeply love you." - Miharu
Everything stopped for the boy. Miharu called him by that name. She was serious.
"Is it selfish of me to love the same person twice? Maybe, but you're selfish too, Rio. After forming
bonds with us, you're pushing us away so that you can walk your path alone. We're not going to let that
happen. We're going to come with you, whether it's dangerous or not." - Miharu
Miharu then approached Rio slowly and began to hug him.
"That's why, Rio, please, let me come with you. Let me be the one you come home to when you are done
with your journey. That's what you need, right? A home." - Miharu

It was like a dam had broken inside Rio. A home. That's what Rio really wanted. A home.
And so, as Miharu offered him that home, he began to hug her back and cried. He cried his heart out like
he'd never done before. To everyone who knew Rio, this was a new experience to them. Still, they didn't
mind it.
The two then continued to hug each other for a few minutes, before they released it. It was then that Rio
noticed Miharu looking nervous.
"Uhh... I said everything, right? Everything I was actually feeling, right?" - Miharu
"Yeah... We'll... talk about your confession later, Miharu..." - Rio
Miharu blushed so badly that her face became redder than the hair of the redheads in the theater.
"You were really brave out there, Ayase Miharu. I apologize, I was not familiar with your game." Everlasting
"I confessed to him in front of everyone...! I want to crawl in a hole and die...!" - Miharu
Many of the girls in the audience felt bad for Miharu for doing something embarrassing.
"We all just... saw that, right? I can't believe I just saw that." - Subaru
"Well, congratulations to Rio, then!" - Rimuru
"Ah, they have just achieved a milestone in life." - Rudeus
"I'm happy for them." - Liscia
"I'm happy for them, too!" - Yumina
"Well, I didn't expect to see something like this so early." - Souma
The next day, though, Miharu went missing. Her disappearance had been a mystery, and nobody
was able to find out where she was. This event cause Haruto to fall into despair. His motivation, his
drive for living, was now gone. He didn't know what to do with his life now.
Although nobody commented on it, they all felt bad for Rio for this event. Before he could even begin to
talk to Miharu, she disappeared.
Satsuki was the first one to notice the problem.
"Wait, if Haruto and Miharu was the same age, how could you say that you were a university student?" Satsuki
"This was the reason I didn't tell you that I was Amakawa Haruto... You will see soon enough." - Rio
Four years later, and Amakawa Haruto is now a university student. Because of what had
happened, he had now begun to just go on with his life with no goal, wandering around aimlessly
with no end in sight. His life had become an unchanging, fixed routine, devoid of any color or
meaning. That all changed one day.
Many of the perceptive ones in the theater also thought that something was odd.

"Wait a minute, Haruto and Miharu are the same age! How is Haruto a university student and Miharu a
high school student here?" - Rimuru
"We'll just have to wait and see." - Ainz
On that day, he had been going on with his day as usual, riding the same bus he has always been
near his university. There were only three passengers in the bus, a high school aged girl, a little girl
in primary school, and Haruto. The boy then noticed the little girl staring at him.
She's... Endo Suzune-chan, if I recall correctly.
Latifa perked up at the mention of her former name, but then realized what was going to happen next.
Liselotte also figured it out and prepared herself for what was going to happen.
It just so happened that Haruto knew this girl. One time, she'd fallen asleep on her way home and
missed her stop. She burst into tears when she realized how lost she was, and Haruto had helped her
back to her house.
Every now and then they'd end up on the same bus again, with Suzune looking his way. It made an
impression on him. This time, Haruto returned her gaze and watched as she panicked and looked
away
....Did I do something wrong...?
"Of course you didn't!" - Latifa (whispering)
"I still do not know why you were staring at me like that, Latifa..." - Rio
He really still has a lot to learn about women...
Nothing came to mind, obviously. The only time he'd ever spoken to her was the time he'd saved her.
He'd taken her to her house and was thanked by her mother, so it was hard to think of any issues.
Was he just imagining it...?
He considered asking her directly, but didn't want to be mistaken and end up coming off like a creep.
After all, people were extremely wary of child predators nowadays. No matter how you look at it, only
a creep would talk to a little girl they barely know on the bus, right? Yeah, better not.
I honestly wouldn't have minded... - Latifa
Of course, she knew that he had a point about not talking to little girls like that, so she wasn't mad about
Haruto's decision.
It was a little bothersome, but Haruto gave up with a small sigh and forced Suzune's gaze out of his
mind.
" —!"
The bus gave a sudden, lurching jerk. Haruto felt a soaring sensation before intense pain rippled
throughout his body — he was launched through the air and slammed into the roof.
"Welp, here we go again." - Rimuru
"You didn't have to say it like that, Rimuru." - Hinata

"The third traffic accident death out of all of us... and yet I'm the only Truck-kun victim here..." Rudeus (whispering)
"Gah... hah..."
Everything hurt. He couldn't breathe. His body felt hot, like it had been doused in boiling water. The
horribly crushed interior of the bus reflected in his darkening vision as his consciousness rapidly
slipped away.
D-Did we... crash...?
Despite his extremely hazy mind, Haruto somehow managed to process that thought. He was aware of
his probable death. Everything should have been in pain, yet he was slowly losing feeling in his body
instead. He could tell he was on death's doorstep. With that thought, he was suddenly wracked with
fear.
"Nnnh... gah..." He mustered the last bit of strength he had to open his mouth, but all that escaped
was a cough filled with blood.
Mii... cha... As his heart called out Miharu's former nickname, a single teardrop fell from his eye and
mixed with blood. But just as Haruto was about to lose consciousness ...
Despite Miharu's embarrassment, she was suddenly filled with melancholy at the thought that Haruto's
last words were of her.
At least, both of us are together again... - Miharu
Haru......
A melodic voice echoed in Haruto's head. At the same time, a huge, circular, geometric pattern started
to rise from the ground, emitting a glowing light.
"And now, the news. A truck collided with a bus in the Tokyo metropolitan area at 3:23pm today.
Three passengers on board the bus have been confirmed dead, while the drivers of both vehicles are
critically injured but miraculously alive. The cause of the accident was determined to be the driver of
the truck falling asleep at the wheel..."
"Hey, I'm curious, Rio. Were you the only one from that bus who got reincarnated?" - Rimuru
"Actually, that's a good question, Rimuru. Were you the only one?" - Hinata
Seeing no point in lying, Rio just decided to be honest with them.
"No, both of the other passengers with me were also reincarnated." - Rio
"Both of them?" - Liscia
"Yes. Their identity will be revealed later, so there is no need for me to reveal it now." - Rio
Nobody asked more questions after that.
The year was 989 of the Holy Era. In the Kingdom of Beltrum located in the Strahl region, a
mother and her child were living happily and modestly in a small house. It was at this day that the
boy asked his mother a question.
"Hey, mom. Why do we have black hair? No one around us has black hair."

The little boy peered up at his mother with caramel-colored eyes. Indeed, there were no other blackhaired people in the capital they lived in. Because of that, the two of them were treated as oddities in
their neighborhood. His mother looked troubled by his question.
Instantly, Rio's expression darkened. He didn't have anything against this scene. In fact, he liked this
scene, but the reminder of his mother also reminded him of her death.
"Rio, is that..." - Celia
"This is my mother, yes." - Rio
"She looks beautiful, Rio-san." - Rem
"She does, indeed." - Roxy
"Thank you." - Rio
"You're right, Rio," she said, taking a moment to answer him. "Perhaps it's because we came from
somewhere far away."
"Do all of the people who live far away have black hair?"
"Yes, that's right. It's not just you and me. Your father's hair was black, too... and so was your
grandmother's and grandfather's hair."
Her son, whose name was Rio, had asked so curiously — his mother couldn't help but smile as a result
as she answered him. Seeing her smile made the boy so happy, making him beam right back at her. To
the young boy who had just turned five, his mother was his everything.
"Huh! I'd like to meet grandma and grandpa someday."
Now knowing who they are and their circumstances, I wonder how Mom was going to achieve that... Rio
He couldn't help but chuckle internally in amusement. She probably would have tried sneaking in like he
did when he visited them.
"...Yes, that'd be nice," the mother replied. "I'll take you to see them when you get bigger. They're in a
place called the Yagumo region."
"How did your mother and father manage to traverse the areas between the Yagumo region to the Strahl
region?" - Charlotte
"I do not know, but while difficult, it isn't impossible, especially when you're not crossing with a large
group. I managed to achieve it, after all." - Rio
"Considering how impressive you are, I'm not sure if we can use you as a standard, Haru- I mean, Rio." Francois
"You can still call me Haruto if you'd like, Your Majesty." - Rio
"I see, then I shall do so, then." - Francois
Her smile had become troubled again as she spoke.
"Really? You promise?"

"Mmhm. I promise."
Two years later, that same boy can be seen huddled in the corner of a dark and shabby wooden
shack in the slums of the capital city of Beltrum, Beltrant, trying to eat the scraps of food given to
him by the thugs that had grudgingly raised him.
This boy is Rio, an orphan living in the slums who had sworn to take revenge on a certain man.
"That escalated quickly." - Subaru
"Wait, if that kid is Rio, then... why was he so childish considering that he was a reincarnation?" - Touya
"It's obvious, isn't it? He didn't regain his memories when he was born. He got his memories later on in
life." - Babylon
"This explains why he readily separates himself from Amakawa Haruto. Not that it matters anyway.
Whether he regains his memories sooner or later, it is still his past life." - Ainz
"I'm sure he will come to that realization sooner or later." - Souma
Revenge, hm? It pains me that someone as young as him is already heading through such a treacherous
path...- Wilhelm
Is this what Miharu-san was saying when she said about what Rio was trying to accomplish? - Yumina
Revenge, huh? - Rimuru
He had just suffered a fever, but then it stopped, and he was suddenly flooded with memories of
another person.
The memories of Amakawa Haruto.
He was shocked by this development and began to ponder what had happened to him. In the end,
he managed to conclude that he had been reborn, and that he had just regained the memories of his
past life. He then also began to remember his memories as Rio.
"Oh, you're right, Babylon." - Touya
"He regained his memories later, huh? That's something new to us." - Rudeus
"I wonder why he regained it so late. Did their minds needed to develop past a certain age in order for
them to regain their old memories?" - Echidna
"Did this happen to all of the reincarnators, Rio?" - Leen
"Yes, it happened to all of us. As far as I know, we regained our memories when we were 7 years old." Rio
"How fascinating." - Echidna
Rio's parents, Zen and Ayame were immigrants from a faraway land, who had fled to Beltrum due
to events that are unknown to him. They were former adventurers who had stopped when Rio's
mother became pregnant with Rio. After that, they began to raise the child as their own.
Unfortunately, tragedy had struck when Zen died not long after Rio was born, then Ayame was
killed by someone, right in front of Rio's eyes. After that, Rio had sworn revenge on the person who
killed his mother.

Seeing the image of Rio's mother getting murdered shown on screen shocked a lot of people, while Rio
stared at the screen with absolute hatred, surprising many of his friends.
"Hey, have you actually met this guy again?" - Subaru
"Yes. Unfortunately, he escaped before I managed to finish him off. It was quite the annoying turn of
events." - Rio
"Seeing your mother killed right in front of you... We can't blame him for wanting revenge." - Rui
"If that happened to me..., what do you think, Takahisa?" - Satsuki
"I... don't know, Satsuki." - Takahisa
The man felt complicated about the situation. If he imagined himself in the same situation as Rio, he
couldn't find himself to blame him. He despised murder and saw it as a great evil, but when he sees
himself as the same helpless position as Rio is, what else could he have done?
Still, he resolved himself to be the one to protect Miharu, and he would never let Rio take her away.
The Amakawa Haruto within him questioned whether this was necessary, but Rio's hatred
suppressed whatever objections he had.
The day then went on for him, and he was extremely hungry. Another moral battle rose within him
as he tried to figure out how he should acquire food, when he saw four figures approaching. Once
they had come close to him, they called on him. Two of the four figures rudely remarked about
Rio's smell, much to the boy's chagrin. They then began asking him questions regarding another
person that they were looking for, but Rio rudely tried to brush them off at first, but then, another
young girl stepped up to approach the boy.
The girl's name was Celia, and she was referred to as a teaching professor. She then began to
politely ask Rio about the girl they were looking for. Rio told her that he had no idea where she
was, and also warned them about their clothing, stating that they would be easy targets in the
slums if they are dressed in such expensive clothing, and so told them to blend in. One of the
figures, named Vanessa, thanked him for the advice.
"Oh, this is when you two first met, Celia?" - Sara
"Yeah! It is nostalgic seeing all of this now." - Celia
Rio also felt a sense of nostalgia over the scene, but a strange thought came to his head.
If I hadn't regained my memories of Amakawa Haruto, I wonder what would have happened to me
here...? - Rio
While Rio could have guessed that he would have acted even more rudely towards the group than he was
here, he didn't think much after that. However, now that he sees all of this again, he begins to wonder
even more.
Rio began to think. Normally, he wouldn't have given them the time of day and cared about them,
but when he regained his memories of Amakawa Haruto, some of his personality blended into him,
making him kind enough to give them advice when they showed him respect.
Celia then used a spell to reveal anyone with magical essence in a 50-meter radius. To her surprise,
Rio was detected by the spell, which meant that he had potential to be a sorcerer. One of the

younger girls, who was named Christina, reacted to this news with skepticism, but Vanessa assured
her that it was possible.
Christina groaned as she looked down on the floor in embarrassment.
"Have I always been so rude? Sir Haruto, I truly apologize for my attitude back then." - Christina
"It's fine, Your Highness. I didn't think much of it, anyway." - Rio
Celia then informed them that, besides Rio, she detected nobody within the 50-meter radius,
meaning that there was no one suspicious there. With that, they began to leave. Celia did thank Rio
by giving him five silver coins. Rio accepted him, seeing that refusing would be inadvisable in the
situation.
After they left, Rio began to sense a light flowing out of the girls' bodies, then he sensed the same
light flowing out of him. He assumed that this was the magic essence they were talking about
earlier. He also noticed that the light flowing out of him was greater than even Celia's, who had the
highest essence out of them all.
"He managed to sense essence in such an early age after hearing about it just once. He is certainly
extremely talented!" - Francois
As many also began to comment on his talents, Rio was deep in thought. Seeing all of this unfold, a
question popped into his head.
Would I have been able to actually achieve my revenge if I had just been Rio? - Rio
Rio then thought that it may be bad if people noticed this, so he tried to decrease the amount of
light that was coming out of him, and strangely enough, it worked. He then decided to head home,
deciding to experiment with this later.
When he went home though, he noticed that the house was empty, with nobody inside. He felt
nervous all of a sudden, especially as he smelled something inside of the house. The smell of blood.
He then realized that there were dead bodies, everywhere. Rio wanted to throw up on the sight of
them, but then heard a sound. The sound of a girl whimpering.
He looked around the room to figure out where the noise was coming from and saw a single sack in
the corner of the room, and there was someone inside of the sack. Given the size of it, the person
inside of it had to be a human child. He peeked inside the sack, and saw a little girl inside of it,
bound, gagged and desperate for help.
"Oh no!" - Emilia
"This is not good." - Crusch
"Flora...!" - Christina
Even though she knew that Rio rescues her in the end, she couldn't help but feel worried seeing her
younger sister in this state.
"Don't worry, sister, I'm alright!" - Flora
At first, Rio wanted to leave, but something inside of him wanted him to stay there, so he didn't
move. He began to assist the little girl, untying her restraints, providing her with water, and asking

her details about herself. Rio determined that this was the girl that those women earlier had been
looking for.
As the events continue to unfold, the question in Rio's mind grow stronger and stronger, to the point that
he couldn't ignore them any longer. These actions are things he never would have done had he stayed as
Rio. Everything that happened to him so far was because of Amakawa Haruto.
As he continued to help her, he noticed a man suddenly lunging towards him with a knife on his
hand, intent on killing him. Rio instinctively parried his strike much to the shock of both of them,
but the boy knew that this was simply pure luck, and he will not last long in the fight.
"Kick his ass, Rio!" - Subaru
"Yes, saver her, please!" - Emilia
Without warning, he heard someone call for him.
Haruto.
An unfamiliar voice echoed in Rio's head. It was the clear, beautiful voice of a girl... yet there was
something abnormal about it, something that made the voice sound weak. But suddenly—
" ...?" Rio's eyes widened. A tremendously beautiful peach-haired girl had appeared before his eyes —
but it was only for a moment, as she was gone in the next instant.
"Ai-chan?" - Miharu
"She appeared, huh?" - Rimuru
"Unfortunately, I do not remember this happening." - Aishia
That fact startled the audience.
"Wait, then how did you appear there, then?" - Touya
"I do not know." - Aishia
"We may find the answers in the theater, so let's not rush." - Lugh
A hallucination? Was he seeing and hearing things?
Rio's eyes darted around the room to check, but he couldn't see the girl anywhere. And more
importantly... had that girl called him "Haruto"? A name that no one in this world could have
known...
Rio stood there, baffled and unsure of what was happening, when—
Now is... not the time. I'm going to teach you how to use your ode — or your essence... Remember this
feeling.
"So she's the one who taught him spirit arts..." - Orphia
"And yet she doesn't remember this, somehow." - Celia
Once more, the voice of the phantom girl echoed in his head.

So it wasn't a hallucination, Rio thought.
"W-What do you mean 'how to use essence'?!" he shouted back at the voice, grasping at whatever
straws he could reach. He could see the man before him flinch, but Rio didn't have time for him right
now.
Sharpen your mind. There should be light... flowing from your body. Use that light to enhance your
body... and its physical abilities. Picture it in your head. Don't worry. You can do it... Haruto.
Broken sentences echoed in his head with the girl's voice. It wasn't a very detailed explanation... But
in the next moment, Rio's entire body felt like it was being wrapped in a layer of warmth.
Now you can move... past the physical limitations of your body. Have you remembered... the feeling?
You have to maintai... sorry, I can't —
The girl's voice cut off completely.
After that, he felt his body growing stronger and his senses getting sharper. A light began to cover
his entire being, and he now knew the basics of his power. He faced the man trying to kill him, and
a fight ensued between the two of them.
This cemented it for Rio. The answer to his question was now right in front of him.
When he did reach the conclusion to his question, all he could do was laugh wryly. His laugh surprised
everyone around him.
"Rio?" - Celia
"What's going on?" - Satsuki
"It's nothing." - Rio
If I hadn't regained my memories as Amakawa Haruto, I probably would never have been able to regain
my power like this. It was probably impossible for me to get revenge for Lucius if that hadn't happened.
Therefore, Amakawa Haruto made my revenge possible. - Rio
As he thought that, he thought about the advice given to him by the others.
They're right. I am Rio, and I am also Amakawa Haruto. We are one and the same, and we are a part of
one another. - Rio
Having reached this conclusion, the boy couldn't help but feel a sense of relief, like a burden had been
lifted off his shoulders.
As the man charged at him, Rio evaded his attack then struck him in the stomach with his palm.
Becoming stunned by the attack, the man tried to attack the boy once more, but Rio simply caught
his wrists and twisted his arm. After that, he threw him off-balance and knocked him down into
the floor.
Even after that beating, the man still wanted to fight and kill Rio, so the boy went behind him and
grabbed his neck with both of his hands. He wanted to strangle and kill him, but he hesitated, so he
slammed the man's head into the ground instead, knocking him out. Rio felt anxious about the
situation, but then caught sight of the girl he just saved, who was now sleeping.
"Thank goodness she's safe." - Dia

"It is fortunate that Rio had been there." - Lugh
"Thank you for saving my sister, here and then later, Sir Haruto." - Christina
"It's nothing." - Rio
Making a decision, Rio chose to help the girl out of there and carried her towards her companions.
Unfortunately, when they had finally seen the two, they wrongly assumed that Rio was kidnapping
the girl, so one of them immediately slapped him in the face.
"Urgh..." - Christina
She groaned once more. She did not expect her past shameful behavior to be seen to such a vivid extent
in the theater. The girl could do nothing more but lower his head in shame.
"My sincerest apologies..." - Christina
"Don't worry about it, Your Highness. I do not resent you for the things you did here, so please raise your
head." - Rio
"Still, my behavior was too shameful, so I must sincerely apologize regardless." - Christina
Rio, angered by this affront after saving the girl, glared at the girl who slapped her with as much
hatred as she could muster, halting her in her tracks. The tension skyrocketed as the girl named
Christina tried to slap him again, but the coldness in Rio's gaze did not stop. Vanessa, the other
woman earlier, tried to point her sword at Rio to stop him, but he just coldly gazed at her as well.
Both women were taken aback by his attitude, but Vanessa still tried to force Rio to come with
them to the castle, since it turned out that both the girl he just saved, who was named Flora, as well
as Christina were princesses.
Rio, seeing no choice, decided to come with them to learn his side of the story as to what happened
to Princess Flora.
His misfortunes didn't stop there however, as a man named Charles Arbor arrived to take over
Rio's interrogation. He didn't interrogate him at all, he had simply tortured him, falsely accusing
him of being the one responsible for Princess Flora's kidnapping. The boy endured this for a long
time.
"What the hell, man!" - Subaru
"What a disgusting man." - Ainz
"What a piece of garbage." - Rimuru
Our kingdom really has treated Sir Haruto so terribly... - Christina
"What terrible behavior, and he dares call himself a knight." - Julius J.
"A shameful display." - Reinhard
"I don't like him." - Fran
"I feel the same, Fran." - Teacher
Meanwhile, Princess Flora had woken up from her sleep, and she told Vanessa that Rio had indeed
saved her life and must be rewarded for such a deed. Vanessa immediately headed to the dungeons

to fetch Rio and was rightfully appalled at Charles Arbor's treatment of him. She ordered him to
be released and offered her hand to him to carry him back to the castle to be treated. Rio, who had
already been embittered by his experiences at this point, slapped the hand away and told her not to
touch him then fell into unconsciousness. Understandably, Vanessa was left with conflicting
emotions, but in the end, she left to bring a healer to him.
"I must apologize for-" - Rio
"Sir Haruto, there is no need for you to apologize. This behavior is reasonable, given that our kingdom
had just mistreated you. There is no need for you to be so considerate towards us." - Christina
Rio, knowing how stubborn the princess can get, decided not to say anything more and simply fell quiet.
Due to her familiarity with Rio, Celia was the one brought to heal his injuries. Celia was saddened
by his injuries and decided to heal him. After he had been healed, they decided to bring him to a
guest room in the castle.
Rio woke up on a soft bed in the guest room of the royal castle.
"Mm..."
He lifted his eyelids slowly — an unfamiliar ceiling came into view.
Where... Rio turned his head from side to side, blinking sleepily at the interior of the spacious and
beautiful room. The ceiling was high and there was expensive-looking furniture placed at every
corner, creating a luxuriously elegant space. It was vastly different from the utter despair he felt in the
prison cell in the suffocating dungeon.
Rio tried to sit upright in bed to take in his surroundings in more detail, but his body felt strangely dull
and sluggish. He gave up on that plan quickly and fell back against the bed once more.
"Oh, you're awake now. Good morning — how do you feel?" a hesitant female voice addressed him
from beside the bed.
Rio turned towards the source of the voice to see two girls sitting on a leather couch. They appeared to
be in their early teens, roughly. One was a small-sized girl wearing quaint clothing of nobility,
appearing like an adorable winter fairy with her long white hair reaching softly down her back. The
other girl had short blonde hair, her facial features young but carved with a sculpture-like beauty. She
was wearing what could be considered a maid uniform. The white and navy colors of the outfit gave it
a high-class aura. Apparently, the two beautiful girls had been having tea next to Rio while he slept.
"Isn't that... Aria?" - Liselotte
"Hm? You know that girl?" - Anastasia
"Yes. She is currently one of my subordinates and attendants. I see, so you have met her before, Haruto."
- Liselotte
"I have, yes, though we didn't meet for a long time, so I couldn't remember her clearly when we met
again." - Rio
"You have to rest some more. Your wounds have been healed by magic, but that doesn't restore
weakened stamina. And because the magic pushes your body to heal the wounds forcibly, the restored
areas will be very sensitive afterwards," the white-haired girl explained as she stood up and
approached Rio.

"Umm... Who are you?" Rio asked with caution from where he lay in bed.
"I'm Celia, Celia Claire. We talked a little in the slums, remember? I was wearing a hood at that time,
though."
"Oh, you're the one..."
It was a familiar voice, now that he thought about it. Soft on the ears in a warm and kind way. Rio
immediately recognized Celia as the small figure from before.
"Hehe. Pleased to meet you. As for this girl over here—" Celia turned back and the maid girl behind
her began to introduce herself.
"Greetings. My name is Aria Governess. My position in the royal castle is that of the head servant, but
in lieu of what has happened, I have been assigned to tend to you. I do hope we can get along
amicably." The girl who introduced herself as Aria bowed politely.
Her tone had been all business and completely monotone, but her words were respectful and caused
no discomfort to the listener.
"My name is Rio... nice to meet you too." Rio returned her greeting politely, awkwardly trying to
mimic her speaking style. When someone spoke to him with politeness, he would respond politely in
turn. That was Rio's — no, Amakawa Haruto's — way of life.
"Umm, where am I?" Rio asked hesitantly.
"The guest room of the castle. You were unconscious, so we healed you with magic and carried you
here," Celia explained with a soft smile.
"Is that so... Thank you very much," Rio said with a conflicted expression.
He couldn't let his guard down as long as the two people before him were affiliated with the same
kingdom that hurt him. The memory of the nightmare in the dungeon stung painfully, but that didn't
change the fact these people helped him.
Christina felt a stinging pain in her heart as she saw the person who saved her sister suffer like this. She
felt immense guilt, knowing that she had done nothing to help him back then, as well as her attitude.
"It's fine. I heard about what happened. If anything, we're the ones who should apologize to you. I'm
sorry you were treated so horribly," Celia apologized sorrowfully, lowering her head.
Rio couldn't feel any sense of discrimination towards his orphan status when interacting with her... He
remembered how Celia had been the only one that treated him kindly back when they first met in the
slums.
To be honest, Rio had a deep-set hatred towards royalty and nobility. Most of the royals and nobles he
had met until now were arrogant and overbearing, making it hard to change his biased view of those
in privileged positions. However, people like Celia existed among them. That thought alone made Rio
reconsider his unconditional hatred towards the upper class.
"Wow, it was Celia who singlehandedly changed his perception of the nobility, huh?" - Satsuki
"I guess I must thank Celia Clare for this, as he may have never saved Liselotte nor the nobles in the
banquet if she hadn't done this!" - Francois
"T-There's no need for that, Your Majesty. I simply acted like how I would normally act." - Celia

"Haha, and because of that, he became your friend!" - Francois
"It wasn't your fault," Rio said as he looked down, holding back his emotions.
"But still..." Celia trailed off, unable to express herself. Like Rio had said, it wasn't Celia's fault that
Rio had been treated badly. But as someone on the same side as the kingdom that was responsible for
what had happened to him, she couldn't help but feel guilty about Rio's unjust treatment.
The professor truly is a kind individual. - Rio
"More importantly... what's going to happen to me from here?" Rio asked.
"You'll have an audience with His Majesty tomorrow, but I don't know what will happen after that.
You saved Princess Flora — Her Highness, the Second Princess — so as her savior, I doubt anything
bad will happen..."
"I have to meet the king?"
"Yes. His Majesty wants to thank you officially for what happened." Rio's brow furrowed slightly at
Celia's explanation.
Frankly speaking, Rio wanted to put the castle behind him already. An audience with the king was the
last thing he wanted to do. But since he was already here in the castle, and the other party was the
ruler of the kingdom... There was no way he could refuse.
If I had simply tried to leave then, what would have happened? Would I have been able to encounter
Lucius like I had back in Amande? Would I have been able to come close to killing him? - Rio
Understanding and accepting his fate in that moment, Rio sighed heavily.
"I didn't really do anything impressive..."
"That's not true. Princess Flora asked a lot of you, didn't she? I'm sure you will be rewarded for it. I
understand it might feel like a burden, but it'd be better to accept whatever you're offered. Don't you
agree, Aria?" Celia prompted a response from the silent Aria behind her.
"...Yes, that is correct. Your sentiment is to be expected, but it would be difficult to cast a refusal in this
situation. Considering the predicament you are in, you should approach this as optimistically as
possible," she stated flatly.
"I see. That might be true." Rio gave a small smile in resignation. Celia and Aria widened their eyes at
his mature smile; it didn't match his apparent age.
"Sorry to have to ask this, but could you teach me the etiquette of a royal audience? Like... the proper
actions to do and speech to use. I should probably avoid meeting the king with no knowledge at all,"
Rio requested, bowing his head.
"Ho? That's a smart move." - Francois
"This way, he wouldn't offend anyone." - Liselotte
"Yes, of course."
"Your wish is my command." Celia and Aria readily agreed with Rio's request.

After that, Rio was brought before the king of Beltrum in order to award him with his reward for
saving his daughter. The nobles were slightly impressed by his demeanor and etiquette and
whispered about it all around Rio, but he simply ignored them. After much discussion, Rio was
enrolled in the Royal Academy of Beltrum along with other noble children as his reward. This had
actually been discussed by the nobles prior to this audience due to their desire to keep an eye on the
boy.
The boy was internally reluctant but given that this is the reward provided by the king himself, he
had no right to refuse. He was also provided a separate reward of 100 gold coins, much to the shock
of the nobles in the audience.
"Why are they shocked about that? He saved the princess." - Touya
"They probably didn't want to reward the commoner more than they already have. Typical classist noble
behavior." - Rudeus
"It is... honestly appalling how classist the nobles of this kingdom is. " - Juna
"It is truly shameful." - Christina
Princess Christina must be truly frustrated to have the flaws of her own kingdom be shown so openly like
this. - Charlotte
Later, the director of the Royal Academy, Duke Garcia Fontaine, met with Celia in order to inform
her that Rio was going to be placed in her class, something that she gracefully accepted. They then
had a discussion regarding the boy himself, with the director being curious regarding Rio's strange
maturity and intelligence far beyond his age. The duke then requested for Celia to take care of Rio,
knowing that things are going to be a struggle for the boy from then on.
"And things did become a struggle for him..." - Celia (whispering)
Rio, who heard what Celia was saying, simply nodded in silent agreement.
As they had expected, Rio was not received well by his own class, insulting him for his less than
prestigious background. Still, he just took all of those in stride, but this did lead him to take private
classes from Celia in order to catch him up to speed with the rest of the students.
"As a former university student, what they're learning right now should be so easy for Rio." - Rudeus
"His only real barrier there was the language. Thankfully, he did have his memories as Rio to help him
with the conversational langauage, at least." - Souma
Later, Rio visited Celia's laboratory in order to take his private classes. When he arrived, he
knocked on the door, but there was no answer. He then began to call for his teacher.
"Professor Celia, are you there?"
Knock, knock. He continued to knock as he called. If she wasn't here, he should just give up and come
back tomorrow—Just as Rio thought that, the door flew open, making him jump in surprise.
Luckily, the door had opened inwards — if it were an outward-facing door, it might have smacked him
in the face.
"Oh my god, shut up already! Can't you read the sign? I'm in the middle of something right now, go
awa ..." Celia protested loudly as she burst out of the room but trailed off at the sight of Rio's face.

Rio stared back at her dumbfoundedly; his impression of her as a sheltered and proper noble daughter
had flown out the window.
"Hahahahahaha!" - Rio
He laughed heartily, looking back at their first meeting at the school. While Celia was glad that Rio was
laughing like this now, she was embarrassed that this was the moment she was laughing at.
"I never thought you were so rude to him before..." - Miharu
Despite her embarrassment, Miharu made a comment.
"I-It was an accident! I didn't think it was Rio at first!" - Celia
"The Professor was simply too passionate about her research." - Rio
"Don't say anything, Rio! I know you're still laughing at me!" - Celia
This statement was immediately confirmed by Rio bursting out in laughter, causing Celia to pout more.
Meanwhile, the rest of Rio's loved ones were surprised to see Rio laughing so loudly.
"I've never seen him like this before..." - Alma
"It's a nice sight to see." - Orphia
"Yeah! Onii-chan should be laughing more!" - Latifa
"It's definitely a heartwarming sight." - Satsuki
"Erm... I'm here for the individual lessons you mentioned..." Rio stated his business hesitantly with a
stiff smile.
"Huh? Ah, yes... R-Right... Welcome! Yes, I've been expecting you." With a pondering pause and gasp
later, Celia recovered herself smoothly with a sweet smile.
She definitely forgot, Rio thought with a strained expression, but decided to play along anyway.
Celia pouted as she became more embarrassed, while most of the audience chuckled at her teasingly.
"My apologies for the inconvenience."
"It's fine!" Celia said, smiling a bit abashedly. "As your instructor, I can't just leave you behind."
"Thank you very much."
"Yes, well. There's no point in standing around, so come on in — ah." Celia turned around to invite
Rio inside and immediately stiffened.
Oh no. I forgot he was coming so I didn't clean the room!
"What's wrong?" Rio asked from behind a silently panicking Celia.
"Eh? Ah... no, nothing. Yes. Um. My room's a little bit messy right now, but pay it no mind." Celia
gave him her biggest and brightest forced smile to try and cover up her oversight.
"Sure, that's fine." Rio nodded, then stepped into the room....

This is a little bit messy...?
Rio recoiled at the chaos laid out before him. It was much worse than he imagined. The room was an
impressive size of over 350 square feet, but the floor was scattered with documents, books, and other
miscellaneous items of unknown purpose to Rio. There was a desk that was also covered in books and
papers, with the leftovers of a light meal — a plate and teacup — stacked at the end. It was hard to
believe that this was the room of a cute young lady.
"Reminds me a bit of your room, Nanahoshi."- Rudeus
"Honestly, you're not wrong." - Nanahoshi
"This just shows how dedicated she is in her research! I really want to talk to her later!" - Dia
"I-It's normally cleaner than this! I was just a bit busy, and my research was at a good stride, so I put
it off for later..."
Celia must have noticed the change in Rio's expression, because she blushed while explaining herself.
Unable to come up with a good response, Rio pointed to the books that caught his eye and
complimented Celia.
"T-Those are a lot of difficult-looking books, Professor. You're really amazing for such a young age!"
It was a very low-effort response, but Celia latched onto it.
"Eh? Ah... aah, yes. I'm only twelve years old, you know? I should still be in the primary division at
this age, yet I've already graduated from the secondary school!" Celia proudly puffed out her small
chest. Her cheeks were still a little red, but she seemed grateful for the change of topic.
"That really is amazing."
"R-Right! I actually wanted to dedicate myself to my magic research more, but the researchers here
all have to take a part in instructing," Celia babbled. The way she was trying to act mature was
strangely cute, making Rio smile faintly.
"C-Cute?!" - Celia
Meanwhile, Subaru, Rudeus, and Rimuru all had expressions of horror in their faces.
"No, no, I can already tell what's going to happen..." - Rudeus
"Oh boy, oh no, this is bad." - Rimuru
"There are two girls... there are two girls so far... I know what this is. I know what's going to happen." Subaru
All three had the exact same thoughts on their heads.
SHIPPING WARS! - Rudeus, Rimuru, Subaru
"Umm... I'll clear a space, so just wait there."
She began cleaning up the items left on the desk and chairs in the middle of the room. There seemed
to be a certain methodology to how the items were haphazardly scattered, which allowed Celia to
briskly organize them. Figuring he shouldn't move any of the books and documents himself, Rio
decided to stand back and watch, but...

"..." He noticed that Celia was bent forward as she cleaned, making her skirt flutter dangerously. Her
slender legs had an elegant charm that didn't suit her age... Rio quickly averted his eyes and sighed at
Celia's obliviousness.
Celia blushed even more dangerously, while Rio apologized for his behavior. The rest simply looked at
them teasingly.
It was then that the two started the lesson. It was clear that Rio was actually extremely capable,
and he only did not know how to read the languages. He passed the lessons with flying colors,
which led to Celia giving him the books he needs to study further. Rio thanked her for the help.
"I mean, considering Rio's knowledge, this is inevitable." - Rimuru
"This is literally elementary school stuff. This would be easy to someone who was a university student
like Rio is." - Rudeus
"It's fine, this is part of my duty as your instructor. So... how was your first day at the academy? Let
me know if there's anything you're unhappy with," Celia asked with a teacherly look of concern. The
events that happened during today's break flashed in Rio's mind, but he didn't feel the need to report it
to Celia. It was only his first day here, and the others involved were only children, in the end.
"No, it was fine."
"Really?"
Rio nodded his head plainly, which seemed to surprise Celia. She looked as though she had more that
she wanted to ask, stumbling over her next words.
"Umm. I was just, you know, wondering if you made any friends..." she eventually asked, hesitantly.
"Friends? No, I didn't want to overstep myself by acting overly familiar with the nobles," Rio stated
calmly. Celia seemed a little upset at that.
"Well, yes, I suppose... you're right. That would make things difficult," she sighed. Rio tilted his head
in confusion.
"What do you mean?"
"Nothing, I just wished I could do more to help you make friends. You know how relationships
between nobility can get complicated... There are some children who fuss over their superiority, so I
have to watch what I say, or they'll be unhappy," Celia grumbled.
"This is why I hate nobles... So high and mighty..." - Felt (whispering)
"They suck!" - Subaru
"I'll make sure that our own academies wouldn't suffer through this problem..." - Souma (whispering)
"Aren't you a noble too, Professor?"
"Well, I suppose that's true," Celia sighed with a bitter smile.
"I don't really have a problem with it. I want to focus on my studies more anyway."
"Ahaha..." Celia laughed awkwardly at Rio's blunt reply. "That's what makes you so mature — or
boring, I should say."

"Do you really think so?"
"Yes. Noble children may seem precocious, but they're all just attention-craving children at heart. But
you... you're different. You seem to make your every move based on whether you deem it necessary or
not."
"Now I know why he's acting like that. Honestly, it was refreshing to see someone so mature!" - Celia
"I concur. He is certainly an incredibly mature person." - Christina
" ...That makes sense."
"Well, that doesn't mean it's a bad thing. It's just that you're more independent than I was expecting,
so I'm at a loss for what to do. ...Sorry for saying something so weird."
"No, thank you for thinking about me." Rio bowed his head deeply. The other instructors were
unlikely to have treated him as kindly as this.
"Like I said, it's my duty as your teacher. If anything happens, don't hesitate to come see me. I don't
know if I'll be any help, but I can at least hear you out."
"Okay." Rio returned Celia's warm smile with a soft one of his own.
"You are a good teacher, Celia-san." - Satsuki
"Yes, she really is." - Rio
"Thanks, you two." - Celia
She felt pride at their words, and was glad to have done well as a teacher.
When he returned to his dorms that day, he began to ponder about his death, as well as his place in
the world. The blending of both Rio and Amakawa Haruto left him with conflicting morals,
attitudes, and emotions, but he simply resolved to move forward.
"Yeah, that is a challenge unique to Rio. Because of he got his memories late, he managed to grow up as
a different person and develop a separate set of morals and beliefs. It would be hard for him." - Souma
"Well, as he had said here, all Rio can do now is to move forward." - Rudeus
The next day, Rio had martial arts classes. The instructor of the class was mildly impressed by his
skill and talent, and encouraged it, much to Rio's surprise, but the boy simply accepted his praise.
Unfortunately, he hadn't had much luck with the sorcery classes. While he was capable of using
sorcery, he was incapable of having spell formulas engraved in his soul, making him a mockery of
the class. Rio did note that it was possible that this is due to the abilities that he had shown in the
past when he rescued the princess.
"Is that the case?" - Charlotte
"Yes, Your Highness. My abilities do not allow me to engrave spell formulas, which resulted in this." Rio
"Your abilities are different from sorcery, aren't they?" - Francois
"Yes, Your Majesty, but I am sure that the theater will explain it." - Rio

Half a year later, the rankings of the class appeared based on their exam results and something
shocking had just happened. Rio had taken the top spot of the class rankings alongside Princess
Christina. This, of course, caused immense outrage among the noble students, with many accusing
him of cheating. Fortunately, both Professor Celia and Roanna Fontaine had defended him from
the accusations, stating that they had no proof that Rio had indeed cheated. This led to them
backing down from their accusations, though their anger at Rio had not abated at all.
Christina sighed heavily, lamenting the state of the nobility in her kingdom and the fact that they alienate
someone so talented just because they were a commoner. It was something that deeply troubled her.
Many in the audience were incredibly upset, but they stayed quiet and let the viewing continue, as they
didn't have anything more to say in regard to the noble children of Beltrum.
After school that day, Celia and Rio decided to meet up for tea.
"Here you are."
"Thank you. There's nothing like the tea that you serve. Even though they're the same tea leaves, the
fragrance is completely different when I pour it," Celia noted, enjoying the fragrance flowing from the
tea.
"I'm just following the instructions I read in a book. Anyone could do it if they tried."
"That's not true. There may be different ways to make it taste good, but there'll be differences based
on who prepares it." Celia smiled happily as she elegantly sipped the tea.
The instructors of the Royal Academy of Beltrum were typically researchers first, having only been
assigned teaching duties during their free time. Thanks to that, the class instructors had very little
interest in the students, and few bothered to interact with them outside of the classroom. It went
without saying, then, that cases where instructors held frequent tea parties with their students were
extremely rare. Yet, by some curious circumstance, Rio and Celia had become close enough to have tea
together quite often.
It all started when Celia extended an invitation to Rio while he was working hard during one of his
daily study trips to the library. At first glance, Celia appeared to be a graceful and quiet noble
daughter — but contrary to her looks, she was wildly candid in personality. Her only minor drawback
was her inability to hear her surroundings when she was in research fever mode. Celia was unlike the
other royalty and nobility that Rio had met up until now — she never treated Rio any differently
because he was an orphan. Perhaps that was why the two had hit it off once they started having tea
parties; nowadays they were close to the point that conversation naturally flowed between them. The
only person Rio could relax around in the midst of his oppressive academic life was Celia.
"In short, Celia Clare was the reason why Sir Haruto was able to form bonds with other people." Charlotte
Many also realized this, and turned their attention at Celia, who was getting embarrassed at the attention
she was getting.
"We can only thank her for being there for Onii-chan!" - Latifa
"Yes, we do." - Miharu
Despite Miharu being jealous about Celia being close to Rio, she couldn't bring herself to be angry or
upset at her. A combination of her gratefulness to the teacher for being there for Rio in his early years, as
well as her own kind and shy nature prevented that from happening.

"And congratulations on ranking first in the semester exam, by the way. That was amazing. I know
you were studying every day, but that's not a rank anyone can obtain."
"...Thank you very much." Rio thanked her shyly.
"But... I'm a little worried," Celia said with a somber look.
"What do you mean?"
"I'm referring to Alphonse. He might force some weird accusation on you, Rio."
"Well, yes."
"I know you're more than aware of this, but many of the students in this academy are very competitive
— they really hate to lose. When you combine that with the perceptions of social standing peculiar to
nobility, it gets very troublesome. For example, others might throw tantrums like Alphonse did today."
"Other than early on in my enrollment, things had been peaceful up until today," Rio said with a
small, strained smile.
" They probably provoked you out of curiosity at first, then got bored fairly soon afterwards. That, and
they saw you as clearly below them. They must have said all kinds of things to you — you did well not
giving in to them."
"I didn't want to add fuel to the fire with my reaction," Rio replied with a small shrug.
"That is the best idea, really, given his situation." - Touya
"That's right." - Lugh
"Exactly. You shouldn't take on more than one predicament at a time. But this time, the exams
must've made all of them reconsider their perspective of you. They'll see you as a threat to their
position now. That's why you'll face even greater troubles from here on," Celia said with a gloomy
expression.
"Even so, I'll be all right. I'm already used to it," Rio replied detachedly.
"But... noble bullying can get nasty, you know?" Celia had a worried look on her face.
Perhaps she was speaking from her own experience — that thought passed through Rio's mind.
"I've heard that you were an excellent student. Did you go through similar issues, perhaps?"
"Well... human relationships can be complicated. I did receive some choice words from a girl in a
higher-ranked family than mine."
"Were they difficult to endure?"
"Absolutely not. I just ignored them all." Rio huffed a small laugh at Celia's blunt reply.
"That's what I thought."
"Hey, it was still a big deal! Though in my case, I still had friends by myside, so it turned out okay...
The one I'm worried about is you!" Celia puffed out her cheeks.
"Then I'll be fine," Rio said with a grin.

"...Why?" Had Rio made friends somewhere she wasn't aware of? Celia thought. But her assumption
was slightly off from Rio's answer.
"Because I have you," Rio stated unabashedly. Celia blanked out for a moment.
"Eh? Ah, umm..." Suddenly overcome with embarrassment, Celia looked down as she blushed red.
"...Ah! Y-You're making fun of me, aren't you? Treating me like a child!"
Unable to withstand the silence, she eventually spoke up.
"Of course not. You're the older one here, Professor."
"That's true, but... I feel like I was just treated like a child! Since — I mean — you were trying to say
that I'm your friend, right?"
"Yes. Is that a problem?" Rio asked, staring at Celia intently — but she was unable to meet Rio's eyes.
"Uh..."
"Oh, but I also think of you as a professor, of course. If you're uncomfortable with that, I can try to
put a little more distance between us..." Rio continued on as Celia appeared tongue-tied. Then, Celia
opened her mouth and let out a hoarse sound.
"I'm not..."
"Hmm?"
"I'm not... uncomfortable." This time, Rio could hear her clearly, but he decided to tease her a little
anyway.
"Please, say it one more time."
"Ugh..." Celia flushed red as Rio peered at her face.
"Professor?"
"I'm saying I'm not uncomfortable with it! You meanie! Read between the lines, geez!" Celia wailed
with flushed cheeks, her embarrassment seeming to have reached its peak.
"Ah, that's so adorable! I really wish for them to be together!" - Dia
"Hm? That's mean to Miharu. They should be the one getting together instead." - Liscia
The moment the two said those lines, the three people who predicted this earlier sighed.
And so it begins... - Rudeus
"What do you mean, Liscia? Celia and Rio look so sweet together!" - Maria
"Miharu cares about Rio a lot, too! I think they should get together as well. Two childhood friends,
reunited together across time and space! Isn't that the pinnacle of sweetness?" - Naden
"They don't know what they're talking about. Clearly, it's Celia who should end up with Rio." - Leen
"Heehee, I do think that Miharu and Rio are the better couple." - Linze
"That's right, Linze, they're the more adorable couple!" - Yumina

"You guys are joining in, too!" - Touya
"I find Celia-dono and Rio-dono to be more compatible, I do." - Yae
"Emilia-sama, what do you think?" - Rem
"I think it should be Miharu and Rio!" - Emilia
"Me too! That was such a touching scene earlier!" - Rem
"I'm glad you two agree, at least... And yeah, I think Miharu should end up with Rio!" - Subaru
"Why the hell are you joining in?!" - Rimuru
More decided to join in on the shipping, as the audience collectively agreed on teasing Rio, Miharu, and
Celia. They really didn't mean the shipping too much, and would be glad either way, but they wanted to
have some fun.
Eventually, the theater became noisy, with everyone saying their piece. Wanting to join in on the fun,
Rudeus decided to do something wild.
"You know what, it would be better if they just both ended up with Rio!" - Rudeus
Immediately, both Roxy and Sylphiette pulled on his ears.
"You shouldn't say that, Rudy." - Sylphiette
"Hm, it's rude." - Roxy
"So who do you think should end up with Rio?" - Rudeus
"I think it should be Celia." - Roxy
"Miharu." - Sylphiette
"Of course you two would say that, what about you, Eris?" - Rudeus
"Both!" - Eris
"See! Eris agrees with me!" - Rudeus
Eventually, the commotion of the shipping wars died down, with no clear winner on either side. The only
real losers are Celia and Miharu, who are both on the floor blushing red in embarrassment, while Rio
dutifully kept silent.
Latifa was also upset, because no one shipped her with Rio.
"I'm sorry. I really wanted to hear it clearly, so I couldn't help myself," Rio apologized with a giggle.
"Hmph!" Celia turned away and side-eyed Rio with a glare. "If I ever have troubles with other people,
please give me your advice as my teacher and my friend."
"F-Fine. I'll lend you my shoulder to cry on when you've been bullied tot ears," Celia replied to Rio's
request, glancing over at him.
"It's a good thing your tiny size makes you the perfect height to cling to."

"D-Don't call me tiny! I'm still growing!" Celia reddened as she argued back.
Once more, Rio laughed happily. Eventually, Celia laughed too. His days might have been repetitive,
but they were also fulfilling, Rio thought. There was nothing special about them, yet they were
irreplaceable. They were something Rio had lost long ago.
Both Celia and Rio looked at this with fondness and nostalgia. Looking back on all of those times filled
them with joy, and Rio hoped that they could return to those peaceful times sooner or later.
While the quietly burning desire for revenge wouldn't disappear from his heart, just being able to
laugh like this made his heart feel a bit lighter. Perhaps that was why — Rio thought. That was why he
wanted these days to continue. He knew they couldn't continue forever, but it'd be nice if they could
continue for a little longer. But despite Rio's feelings, his days at the academy passed by in the blink of
an eye.
The results from his exam had caused the students' distaste for him to intensify all at once, exactly as
he had expected, and from there, several things happened. Rio discovered that while he could perform
sorcery, he was mocked for his complete ineptitude at obtaining magic. Noble daughters would confess
their feelings to him as he aged, but his refusals led to the spread of nasty rumors. The bullying got
exponentially worse than before. Despite all of this, Rio continued to move forward. He couldn't afford
to stop and stand still. No — he was terrified of standing still. He didn't know if he was truly moving
forward or not, but it all felt easier when he threw himself into something. Amidst such worries and
uncertainties, his teatime with Celia was the only occasion where he could laugh from the bottom of
his heart, making it feel both long and short.
Thus, five years passed by...
Rio had moved up the years from first grade to sixth grade, and he was now twelve years old and
nearing his graduation from the Royal Academy. He had been selected to represent the Academy in
a tournament with the Kingdom's knights, which resulted in the noble children once again
expressing their outrage. Still, the instructor ignored them and made it clear that his decision was
final.
Later, he and Celia had their usual tea party, talking about the events that had happened recently.
Their conversation drifted to what Rio was going to do after he graduates. Rio expressed his desire
to go to the Yagumo Region since his parents came from there. Celia vehemently discouraged Rio
from going there, as it was extremely dangerous. Unfortunately, Celia was unaware of how just
important the Yagumo region was to Rio.
"I really had no idea..." - Celia
"Well, now you know, right, Professor?" - Rio
"Hm! Of course!" - Celia
(A/N: Like with Realist Hero, I am going to shorten these sections, because, honestly, there's
nothing much important happening here.)
When the tournament begun, Rio was paired up to fight against Charles Arbor, the same man who
had tortured him all those years ago. Rio then decided to get some payback for the cruelty inflicted
upon him by the man and defeated him swiftly. He was the only student who was able to do so.
"Heh! Serves him right!" - Felt
"That was satisfying." - Rimuru

"At least Rio got some form of payback for that!" - Subaru
"No, there was something else far more satisfying that I did to Charles Arbor than this." - Rio
While he didn't feel the same amount of resentment he had for Lucius, he still felt satisfied paying
Charles Arbor back for all of the things he did to him.
"Well, it would be fun seeing that." - Rudeus
Celia, who knew what Rio was talking about, chuckled silently as she was reminded of what happened.
Naturally, Charles Arbor was enraged by this and decided to complain to a certain man. That man
was named Reiss, an ambassador of the Proxia Empire.
"So they have a connection together." - Rio
Rio's demeanor instantly changed, and he became much more serious and angered, startling everyone.
Rio explained it before anyone else can ask.
"The target of my revenge is connected to this man, Reiss. Reiss saved his life when I was about to kill
him." - Rio
Everyone nodded in understanding.
"An ambassador to the Proxia Empire, hm? Interesting, we need to look into that." - Francois
Indeed. - Christina
Inevitably, his victory attracted a lot of attention in the Academy. In one instance, Celia caught
sight of Rio talking to another girl, as she gave him a letter. This left some conflicting feelings
within Celia, and she decided to talk about it with Rio. Rio denied ever trying to have connections
with the other girls in the Academy, claiming that he was uninterested in them. Celia pondered this
information, and wondered whether she was interested in another girl, but denied it as a possibility
as she didn't see any other girls around Rio other than her.
She was feeling something within her chest, but she simply believed it to be her protective instincts
for Rio. After that, they discussed the outdoor drill that happens to every sixth and fifth years to
test their military prowess, with the sixth years each leading a squad for the exercise.
"Hehe, you are quite dense, aren't you, Celia?" - Charlotte
Her teasing made Celia blush profusely, while the rest sniggered once more about her density about the
situation.
The outdoor drill happened, and it was a complete disaster. Alphonse Rodan, one of the students
who had been antagonizing Rio for as long as he had been in the Academy, was leading their
squad, consisting of individuals such as Roanna, Christina, Flora, and Stewart Huguenot, doing a
mock reenactment of escaping from a pursuing enemy force by traversing through mountainous
terrain. He had gathered information beforehand regarding the roads and proposed that they go
through an old road through the mountains that Stewart had provided that he guarantees is safe
and short and would provide them with the highest grade of their entire class.
"This is just sad, man." - Subaru
"I agree. This treatment is simply appalling." - Reinhard

"People shouldn't go through something like this..." - Erika
Nobody said anything and just stared at disgust at both Alphonse and Stewart.
Meanwhile, Rio was given the task of carrying their supplies, with Flora silently expressing her
concerns for the boy, and offered to carry some of it herself. Of course, Rio rejected her gently,
given that she was the princess.
Flora wasn't a bad person — she had an unusually gentle personality for a member of the highly
prejudiced royalty and nobility of Beltrum. But because she had been raised like a princess in a glass
palace, her natural disposition was far too soft. She was ignorant of how her actions could affect her
surroundings. In this situation, there was no possible way for Rio to accept Flora's offer. If he did,
they'd be subjected to the criticisms of those around them. In any case, the bags weren't even a weight
Flora could have carried to begin with. Still, Rio did thank her for her good intention.
The princess, who had been quiet this entire time, was startled slightly by being called out like this, but
simply smiled gently at how Rio described her. The guilt she felt over Rio's treatment had resurfaced as
they were watching this, but she didn't act on it, and simply resolved to apologize to Rio later.
Unfortunately, Stewart's route had proved to be unreliable, as they had gotten lost in the route,
fighting goblins along the way. Rio had actually noticed Reiss being there, watching them, but
didn't say anything more. When they finished marching, they had ended up in a cliff, and they had
gotten lost.
"He was watching?" - Christina
"Yes. He was actually the one most likely to be responsible about this incident." - Rio
Christina paled at this, but nodded at his words as she resolved to investigate this incident further while
she was still in the hands of Beltrum and not the Restoration.
The group then started bickering about where to go next, as they had no idea where to go from
there. To make matters worse, an orc and several monsters appeared to attack them, resulting in
Stewart pushing Flora off the cliff. In a split-second decision, Rio jumped off the cliff to save Flora,
while using his own form of magic to use his wind to break his fall.
In the aftermath of the incident, nobody moved to try and save Rio, despite Flora's protestations,
and Stewart even had the audacity to accuse Rio of being the one to push Flora off.
"What the hell?!" - Subaru
His reaction summed up the attitude of the rest of the theater. They were all outraged at Stewart's
audacity to accuse Rio. The boy was indifferent towards this, as he expected it to happen.
Meanwhile, Christina could only bury her head in her hands as she saw the truth of the situation.
As they were discussing what was going to happen next, another, more dangerous monster came. A
bull-headed giant.
The students didn't stand a chance against it, and they were all forced to flee in order to escape the
monster's rampage.
Meanwhile, Rio had actually climbed up from the cliff using his own form of enhancement in order
to return to the class, but due to Stewart's accusation of him, he had decided to leave the Academy
right then and there and disappear unnoticed. When the giant had appeared, though, he had been

forced to save Flora once more who had been attacked by the monster and kill it. Flora, seeing all
of this happening with her own two eyes, felt immense guilt upon the situation as she had never
repaid Rio for everything he did for her.
Many cheered at Rio's victory over the minotaur.
"He was quite strong even at a young age, hm? Truly a talented man." - Francois
"That's right. He truly is something else." - Charlotte
There was a glint in Charlotte's eyes, something that Francois found odd. It was the beginning of
something, a change in the princess, he figured and decided to keep an eye on it.
"It is not your fault, Princess Flora. You shouldn't feel guilty about it." - Rio
"That's right! It's not your fault at all! Life was simply unfair for him." - Yumina
"Don't feel guilty about it!" - Liscia
Flora felt happy about the words of support being given towards her, but her guilt didn't go away so
easily. This made her even more resolved to talk and apologize to Rio for giving him trouble.
High above the skies, Reiss had been watching this incident with a curious look on his eyes.
After this incident, Rio had truly disappeared from the Academy. With the false accusation
hanging over his head, he decided to truly speed up his plans to depart for the Yagumo region to
find information about his parents.
"We'll see his adventures in the Yagumo region, right?" - Subaru
"Yes, indeed." - Everlasting
"We'll see what you were up to, then..." - Celia
"Indeed you will." - Rio
As he did this, he decided to say his farewells to one last person.
Rio had visited Celia in the middle of the night. After she had confirmed his well-being and hearing
the story, Rio told Celia that he will be leaving Beltrum in order to get to the Yagumo region in
hopes of finding out more about his past and his parents. Celia was saddened by the fact that she
may never see Rio again, so Rio reassured her by telling her that he will be writing a letter to her
confirming his safety once he has left, under the name of Haruto. Celia accepted this and bid her
farewells to the boy.
As he left, Celia cursed her own helplessness at the situation.
"I feel bad for her. She couldn't do anything for him." - Satsuki
"It was really terrible. I'm glad that things are relatively fine now!" - Celia
The year was 996 of the Holy Era — over five years had passed since Rio regained his memories of
another world.
*****
Rio's POV

"And that's the end of that!" the Everlasting said. I sighed.
"That... was a lot." I said, while looking at Miharu's blushing face.
A lot has changed about the two of us. I guess this is the effect of the theater.
"You guys should really take responsibility for causing a goddamn shipping war here!" Subaru said.
"You're one of the people involved in it, dumbass!" Rimuru retorted.
"I can already tell that things may become messier for them as time goes on..." Rudeus remarked.
"I'll just have to deal with it." I said.
"Well then, the last of the introductions! Lugh Tuatha De!"
As the Everlasting announced this, a glint had appeared on Lugh's eyes.
"My time has come, it seems."
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

A/N: FINALLY! OH MY GOD!
Welp, it turns out the worst-case scenario happened, after all. It took me a month to update.
I had to be hospitalized, because I had a lot of injuries this month. I had a hole in my right lung, my
subclavian vein had been severed, and four of my ribs, my right humerus, and my right hand bones
have been shattered- wait, no, I got confused for a second there. Wrong reasons.
Fortunately, I have not lived the life of a typical AO3 author just yet.
All joking aside, unfortunately, I had been terribly busy even after the exams had ended, so I wasn't
able to start writing this, plus, I had to cover an entire volume once more, which made this even
longer. Add to that the fact that I got focused on HSR lately further exacerbated my lateness in
writing this chapter.
Also, typhoons suck. A typhoon swept across our area recently, delaying me for an entire week!
I am so glad that I'm finally back, though. I really am. I apologize for being super late!
We're nearly there, guys! We're about to enter proper reaction territory! We're so close! One more
left!
Or so I thought, maybe.
You see, as I am writing this fanfic, I came across this manhwa called "Academy's Undercover
Professor", and let me tell you, I am VERY tempted to go against my previous statement of "no
more isekais to include" and just include this underrated gem because it is SO GOOD! And also
incredibly very reaction fic-worthy. I'll just have to decide what to do later.

As for the questions that I had posed during the questions on the previous chapter, the floor is still
open for voting!
Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, and thank you for reading!

Chapter 12: Beginnings Chapter 9: A Quest For An Assassin
Chapter Summary

The last one is Lugh Tuatha Dé! Everyone is shocked by his past and present occupation as well as
his mission, while he is secretly relieved that his trump card was not revealed!
Oh, and he comforts a distressed hero.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

(A/N: Before I begin this chapter, I would like to provide the layout for the where everyone is
seated. Not the specific seating, just the general area where each of the worlds are seated in the
theater. It would be easier to explain some of the scenes later in the fic with this layout in mind.
Here it is:

With that, enjoy the chapter!)
Lugh's POV
"The last one of us, huh?" Rimuru remarked. "Let's see what this guy has in store for us!"
I didn't respond to Demon Lord Rimuru, and simply looked worriedly at Epona. I know for a fact that
this beginning will definitely upset her, one way or another. While I have given her the promise of ending
her if she goes mad and tries to destroy the world, it is still not guaranteed that she will take this well. I
had to make some preparations first.
"Now then-" the Everlasting tried to begin the usual questions, but before that happened, I stood up and
began to look at the seats in front of me. Specifically, the ones from the Smartphone world.

"Grand Duke Mochizuki Touya, may I speak with you?" I said as I walked in their direction. The man
seemed startled to be addressed by me in such a manner but composed himself soon after.
"Uh, what can I do for you?" he asked. I eventually managed to approach him and leaned in to whisper
my request to him.
"Your Grace, can I please ask you to restrain my friend when she lashes out?" I requested, pointing at
Epona, causing him to raise his eyebrows in confusion.
"Why?" he asked.
"There will be truths that are going to be revealed in the theater that will be upsetting to her. I need
someone to restrain her so that I can talk her down properly." I said. Thankfully, he didn't ask any further
questions and simply nodded in agreement.
With that settled, I went back to my seat so that the discussion may continue. Indeed, as soon as I sat
back down, the Everlasting started again.
"Questions!" the Everlasting said.
"Okay, Haruto, you never properly explained to us about your age discrepancy with Miharu." Satsuki was
the one who asked first.
"It's... frankly complicated to explain here, especially since I am sure that it will be explained later
anyway." Rio answered. "Everlasting, am I allowed to say it?"
"As you said, it will be revealed later, so no, you cannot." they replied.
"There you have it." Rio said with an apologetic smile.
"I-It's fine." Satsuki replied.
"Based on what you've said so far, I can understand why the heroes are there, but what about you and the
other reincarnators, Rio? Why did you reincarnate?" Demon Lord Rimuru was the one who asked next.
"I... honestly have no idea. I suppose I can speculate, though." Rio said. "From what I know, when the
heroes are summoned to the world, they take the people nearest to them with them, though they appear
on a different location. When both Satsuki and Takahisa were summoned, the other three were
transported with them, but they're not really heroes. They were basically collateral. I assume that this is
what happened with us reincarnators. One of us were the ones intended to be reincarnated while the other
two were just brought along with them."
"Do you know who it could be?" Ainz inquired.
"No, I do not." Rio responded, though he put his hand under his chin as if thinking of something.
It's possible that I was the intended target. After all, I was the one who had achieved immense power
compared to the other two. It is possible that they just haven't unlocked such a power yet, but that
remains to be seen. - Rio
"Well then, are there more questions?" the Everlasting clapped their hands. None spoke, and so we
introduced ourselves.
Dia then looked at me and the Everlasting, as if asking silently for something. I then realized that she was
asking for whether or not she should use her actual name or not. The Everlasting nodded, leading her to
clear her throat.

"It's a pleasure to meet you all! My name is Dia Viekone, the former daughter of Count Viekone."
"Ho? I have heard news that you have died due to the civil war..." Duke Romalung remarked.
"I survived, and you'll see how." she said.
Meanwhile, I saw Naoise look shocked at the true identity of Dia, which is reasonable.
"I-I'm Tarte, Lord Lugh's personal servant!"
"I'm Maha, and let's just say that I am Lord Lugh's associate. I am also a merchant and the chief
representative of the Natural You brand."
"Natural You?" King Souma asked.
"It's a brand of cosmetic products and sweet treats that we sell and have ownership of, Your Majesty."
Maha replied.
"I am Cian Tuatha De, Lugh's father and the head of the Tuatha De clan."
"I'm Esri Tuatha De! Lugh's mom and wife to Cian Tuatha De!"
"It's a pleasure to meet you, everyone. My name is Naoise Gephis, the son of Duke Gephis of the Alvan
Kingdom."
"I-I'm Epona Rhiannon, the current hero of the Alvan Kingdom."
"Hero, huh?" Demon Lord Guy Crimson remarked quietly.
"Are you an otherworlder?" Demon Lord Rimuru asked, and Epona shook her head.
"N-No, I was just born with overwhelming power." she replied.
"Ah, I see." Demon Lord Rimuru nodded .
"I am Duke Romalung, a duke of the Alvan Kingdom."
"It is my pleasure to meet you all, I am Nevan Romalung, daughter of Duke Romalung and the successor
of the Romalungs."
"With the introductions done, let us begin with the final beginnings chapter!" the Everlasting said, but
then their expression turned serious. "Though before that, I must give warning. The very beginning of
this episode is... going to be upsetting to many of you. Please be mindful of that."
"The fact you're saying that here, and not with my beginning episode feels scary!" Subaru remarked, and
I agreed with him. I then began to think about what could possibly be more upsetting than that, until I
remembered one particular mission.
Are they referring to that? But why show it?
I thought about it for a moment, before realizing that there was no point in thinking about it. The host of
this theater do whatever they want, so they probably thought it would be fun beginning my story in
medias res.
I guess I'll just have to accept it then.

"Let's begin."
*****
(A/N: I am going to begin with this anime-only scene here because it's just so cool, but I'll take care
to make it at least somewhat canon-compliant in the LNs.)
Third Person POV
The scene opens up in the midst of a gathering of masked nobles. They're all talking to each other
amicably, and the atmosphere seemed peaceful. Among them was woman, who seemed to be the
head of all of the nobles, standing on a stage in front of them.
"Wha-" - Dia
The girl stood up in surprise as she recognized this scene well. Tarte also frowned as she also
remembered this particular mission.
"Okay... Weird start." - Subaru
"They're doing this in medias res, huh?" - Souma
"Do you know what this is, Sir Lugh?" - Crusch
"Yes, you'll see what it is soon." - Lugh
What the woman was saying couldn't be made out, but after her speech, the men in the audience
stood up in applause. After a while, the woman talked once more, gesturing towards the stage.
From behind the curtains, a girl came out, who was probably in her early teens, looking nervous,
scared, and crying. The old men in the audience all leered at her with perverted gazes, before the
woman spoke once more.
"A girl...?" - Hilde
"What is she doing there...?" - Yumina
"I have a bad feeling about this." - Liscia
"You're not the only one, Lady Liscia." - Crusch
"Is this... what I think it is?" - Souma
"I think you're onto something, Souma. This looks like..." - Rimuru
"How disgusting." - Rio
"O-Onii-chan?" - Latifa
"Don't look, Latifa. You're not going to like this." - Rio
"Wait, don't tell me...!" - Touya
Then, the bidding begun.
"It's a fucking human trafficking auction!" - Souma
The sheer anger in his voice was palpable, and he wasn't the only one.

"These bastards!" - Teacher
"I knew it...!" - Rimuru
"Truly disgusting!" - Rio
Rio's bloodlust emanated throughout the room, causing some of the audience to shudder.
Damn, Rio's really pissed off! Not that I can blame him. - Touya
"What the hell is this?!" - Subaru
"What scum." - Ram
"Those poor girls...!" - Celia
"How abhorrent!" - Emilia
Immediately, Fran held Teacher's hilt tightly, looking at the screen with true loathing on her face.
"I want to kill them, Teacher!" - Fran
Her shout startled many of the audience, but understood why she was so angry. After all, she was a
former slave.
"Don't worry, Fran. They will get what they deserve." - Lugh
His statement made many begin to wonder how he is involved in this.
The old men began bidding for the girl. The woman, who was named Marquess Collide of the
Alvan Kingdom, had been kidnapping girls from villages and selling them to old nobles for a profit.
"To think something like this is happening in our kingdom!" - Naoise
"As I said, don't worry, they will get what they deserve." - Lugh
"Lugh, did you...?" - Epona
"You'll see."
Behind the stage, another girl began crying, as she longed to reunite with her mother.
A lot of the empathetic people in the audience felt bad for the girl, and hoped that they will be saved as
Lugh had implied.
One of the girls began to comfort the girl, saying that they shouldn't cry as they will be safe soon.
The silver-haired girl then remarked that she was going to be next, and lo and behold, she was
indeed the next in line to be auctioned off.
"Dia-san?!" - Miharu
"A-Are you alright?" - Roxy
"I'm fine." - Dia
"Your Majesty..." - Kagetora (whispering)

The man whispered to Souma as he told him his deductions. Souma only nodded in understanding.
What Kagetora told me made sense. This can only be... - Souma
"Rimuru-sama, I think that this is..." - Souei (whispering)
"Yeah, this is definitely that." - Rimuru
"Why is she there...?" - Elze
When the girl, Dia, walked out of the stage, she stared at all of the men watching and pondered
whether they were all targets for the mission. After deciding that they all were, she decided to make
a move.
"Targets?" - Otto
"Were you sent there to gather evidence and apprehend them? And where is Sir Lugh?" - Julius J.
"Not exactly. You'll see where I am soon." - Lugh
"Why do I have a feeling that something interesting is happening?" - Echidna
"Latem etaerc!"
A magic circle suddenly appeared in the air, and the key to her handcuffs suddenly appeared. As
she uncuffed herself, she used another spell.
"Woah!" - Rudeus
"As expected of a genius like her." - Nevan
"What quick casting!" - Naoise
"I... don't think they're here to apprehend them, nyah!" - Felix
"Not quite." - Lugh
" Elfir etaerc !"
A rifle appeared out of a magic circle. She caught it, aimed it at the old nobles in the audience.
"Is that a gun?!" - Subaru
"Wait, don't tell me...?!" - Touya
"A gun?" - Anastasia
"A long ranged weapon. Since she summoned a gun, that means..." - Subaru
"You weren't there to apprehend them at all, Lugh." - Rio
It was a statement, not a question. Rio had figured out what they were going to do there, and so did many
others.
"No, they're there for another reason." - Ainz
"That's right. This..." - Lugh

She did not hesitate at all, and she fired at them.
"...is an assassination mission." - Lugh
Their eyes widened as the massacre of the nobles began. Nobody expected this turn of events at all.
"I guess I must reintroduce myself then. My name is Lugh Tuatha Dé, and I come from the Tuatha Dé, a
clan of assassins." - Lugh
"Y-You guys are assassins?" - Subaru
"Well, damn!" - Touya
"So cool." - Fran
"You know what, Fran. I agree." - Teacher
"An assassin, huh?" - Rimuru
"Interesting." - Ainz
"This is unexpected..." - Souma
"I wonder what he's like in his past life..." - Rudeus
"We're about to see, aren't we?" - Rio
While the protagonists all reacted with amazement, the reactions with the rest of the audience are mixed.
Some were terrified, some were intrigued, while others were simply shocked.
There was one person who managed to speak.
"An assassin?! What is the meaning of this, Lugh?!" - Naoise
"Exactly as I said." - Lugh
"What is happening here?!" - Naoise
The poor man was confused. Nevan chuckled at the man's confusion, causing him to turn to her.
"Did you know about this, Nevan?!" - Naoise
"Oh, but of course I did! If you want to know more, then why don't you continue watching?" - Nevan
Naoise wanted to argue more but knowing that she was right, decided to hold his tongue for now.
"A family of assassins, so cool..." - Epona
Why did you have to say that, Epona? - Lugh
Meanwhile, in the backstage, another fight was happening. One of the maids turned out to be Dia's
comrade, Tarte, who pulled out a spear out of her skirt and fought all of the guards there, ensuring
that the other captured girls escaped.
"I want to ask, Lugh. Why did you resort to such flashy means to kill them all?" - Cian

"It's a diversion, Father. The real target was Marquess Collide, and the others are simply secondary
targets. Besides, considering how isolated this location is, it would be easy for us to manipulate the truth
to our benefit." - Lugh
Understanding his explanation, Cian simply nodded.
Eventually, as the fight progressed, both Tarte and Dia reunited together and fought off the guards
in order to hopefully get to the Marquess. Meanwhile, the Marquess beat a hasty retreat towards
her room, but unfortunately, someone was already on her tail.
On a location far from the mansion, a boy was looking on at the mansion the Marquess was in
through a rifle scope. He thanked Maha internally for the information provided to him regarding
the Marquess, then, he saw the Marquess in his sights and fired, killing the Marquess instantly.
"Hm, what an interesting weapon. One can kill a person from far away with that... I wonder what the
mechanism behind it is..." - Duke Romalung
Lugh could hear the muttering of Duke Romalung, the man who is supposed to be in charge of the Tuatha
De's assassinations. He refused to say anything, though, as he didn't want to share the technology with
anyone from their world.
I know that some of the technology I may invent in the world may be exposed here anyway, but I refuse to
say it with my own mouth. - Lugh
He knew that this was simply sheer stubbornness, but despite that, he wanted at least some sort of agency
to reveal what he wants.
Meanwhile, the rest of the otherworlders did their best to explain to their friends about the weapon. Some
were terrified of its potential, while others were simply amazed by it.
As he shot the Marquess in the head, he couldn't help but look back at his memories, especially, his
final mission...
"Lord Lugh's past life!" - Tarte
She said this excitedly, with the rest of Lugh's loved ones as well as the Romalungs also glued to the
screen. Lugh, meanwhile, smiled wryly as the memory he was dreading for them to see will appear.
The scene then shifted to the inside of an airplane. An old man sighed to himself as he stared out of
the window of the plane, thinking about everything that had just happened to him.
This man came to be known as the world's greatest assassin, responsible for the death of numerous
important public figures, including presidents, due to "death by illness". However, he cannot
defeat the passing of time, and eventually, he had to retire. Now, he was supposed to be teaching a
bunch of new recruits in the organization he belongs about being an effective assassin.
It was probably the first time the entire theater was silenced by the reveal of someone's past life, but they
were. The reveal was so shocking to them that they could barely say a word. Eventually though, someone
got over their shock, and it was Dia.
"Y-You were an assassin even in your past life?!" - Dia
"Yes, I was." - Lugh
"What the hell." - Rimuru

"Well, that's just crazy!" - Touya
"Oh?! Interesting!" - Nevan
"Haha, no wonder you were so talented, hm? World's finest assassin, eh?" - Cian
"I honestly don't know if I deserved that title." - Lugh
Unfortunately, that organization had other plans for him.
The plane suddenly shook violently, and the sound of an explosion was heard.
"I can understand the desire to dispose of a tool that has outlived its usefulness, but to go this far to
kill one person... It seems I've built up quite the reputation, haven't I?"
The man immediately went to the cockpit, only to be greeted by the headless corpses of the pilots.
As an assassin, he has acquired many skills over his career, and that includes flying a plane, but
unfortunately, the console of the plane had also been blown to smithereens.
He then tried to escape on his own, but he saw two fighter jets flying outside, ready to shoot down
the plane.
"They were very thorough. You must have been quite the menace in your past life, Lugh Tuatha De." Ainz
"They really went above and beyond just to kill one person." - Lugh
"Damn, this is just insane." - Subaru
"He probably had the most insane death out of all of the reincarnators here. Being assassinated like this is
absolutely wild." - Rudeus
Meanwhile, the otherworlders explained the concept of the airplane to their respective loved ones once
more.
No matter what he tried to do, he couldn't survive, and so he resigned to his death. As he died,
feelings of frustration and anger welled up within him. He told himself that if he got another shot
at life, he wouldn't live to be someone's tool. He would live according to his own wishes. He would
live for himself.
His dying wishes hit the audience deeply. His wish to live for himself after being a tool for so long is
something that made them sympathize with him deeply.
"Have you managed to achieve your wish, then?" - Souma
"Not yet, but I am getting there, Your Majesty." - Lugh
"I'm glad, then." - Souma
With this wish in mind, he fought for his survival until the very end.
The next thing he saw when he opened his eyes was an ancient temple made out of white stone,
reminiscent of the Parthenon from Greece. There, he saw a beautiful woman with white hair
dressed in a white dress greeted him. The man noticed that the woman's beauty looked too
beautiful, to the point of her beauty being artificial.

"I see, so the goddess is the one who reincarnated you." - Cian
Lugh simply nodded, not saying anything as he was now concerned over Epona. He subtly glanced at
Touya, who caught it and nodded, preparing himself for what was about to come as well.
"But why would she reincarnate you...?" - Dia
The woman, who introduced herself as a goddess, informed him that he has died and that she
summoned his soul here. When he asked why, the goddess summoned him there to give him a
choice: either he gets reborn normally as a new person without his memories, or he gets
reincarnated into another world with his experiences and memories from his previous world intact
if he agrees to a request of hers.
The assassin then asked about who she wants him to kill.
"That's your conclusion?" - Teacher
"What else was I supposed to conclude from that? I was an assassin. Clearly, the goddess wanted me to
kill someone. It wasn't a hard conclusion to draw." - Lugh
"You're not wrong." - Teacher
"So who were you requested to kill...?" - Dia
"It'll be revealed here." - Lugh
Dia was not stupid. She had been hailed as a genius for a reason. She gathered all of Lugh's behavior so
far and connected all of it to new information she gathered here. Lugh's reincarnation was caused by the
goddess, and she was sure that the goddess was behind his overwhelming power.
Lugh is powerful, ridiculously so. Why would the goddess provide him with so much power just to have
someone assassinated? Who is his target? - Dia
She thought about both Cannon Strike as well as Gungnir. Lugh personally invented those two spells of
immense power for reasons unknown to her. He was also initially very interested about those Fahr stones
because of their destructive power when enough mana is gathered. She had always wondered why he
needed such excessively powerful spells as an assassin.
Putting all of those together, the only person I can think of to be Lugh's target here is... someone with an
overwhelming amount of power. - Dia
She didn't even need to think long and hard about it. She knew the answer already.
Lugh's target... is the hero! Epona! - Dia
Dia was absolutely horrified by her conclusion and wished that it was something else. Maybe she was
wrong, and it was the Demon Lord or something.
Unfortunately, she was about to be proven wrong.
The goddess gave him the order.
In a world of swords and sorcery, he needs to kill the hero within eighteen years after his birth.
While most of the audience simply nodded as they gathered this information, the Assassin world was
absolutely silenced, the information shocking them like no other. Dia, meanwhile, simply bit her lip, and

was disappointed that she had the correct assumption.
Epona, meanwhile, was momentarily stunned by these words, but she was then filled with rage and shock
over the betrayal, and immediately charged at Lugh.
"YOU...!" - Epona
Touya, who was already on guard, decided to make his move.
"[Accel]! [Boost]! [Power Rise]!" - Touya
He stood up from his seat rapidly and lunged at Epona, grabbing her by the arm. She turned to glare at
him.
"Let go of me!" - Epona
"I refuse!" - Touya
He then proceeded to hold both of her arms and restrained her further, which didn't please Epona.
"Let me...!" - Epona
Shit, she's resisting harder than I thought! I can't waste time trying to restrain her so that I can calm her
down and Lugh can talk to her! Do I have to resort to that?! - Touya
In the end, he resorted to using that.
"Apotheosis!" - Touya
Immediately, powerful energy began flowing off of him, as his hair turned blonde and extended past his
hips. As he did, Epona felt the arms restraining her began to tighten.
I can't budge him at all! Is he overpowering me?! - Epona
"Holy shit! Did Touya go Super Saiyan or something?!" - Subaru
"I can feel his power even from here, damn." - Rimuru
Raphael! - Rimuru
<Answer. Understood, I will be analyzing the energy emanating from individual Mochizuki Touya right
this instant.> - Raphael
"Epona. Calm down." - Lugh
"Don't you dare talk to me right now, Lugh! What is the meaning of this?! Was everything a lie?! Did you
just become friends with me so you can kill me in the right moment?!" - Epona
Tears ran down her cheeks at Lugh's perceived betrayal of her. However, Lugh instantly calmed her
down with a question.
"Epona, do you remember what I promised you?" - Lugh
His gaze turned to the hero, and she instantly remembered it.
"That if I ever go mad, you would kill me..." - Epona

"You are my friend, Epona. That is not a lie. Have you really forgotten about what I promised you?" Lugh
Touya felt Epona's resistance loosen, so he released Apotheosis as well as Epona, who didn't come to
charge at Lugh anymore. Instead, she just stayed there.
"That's right... How could I forget...?" - Epona
She then heaved a deep sigh.
"I'm sorry, Lugh. I got carried away there." - Epona
"It's fine. I can understand why you'd be upset." - Lugh
"So... why did the goddess want me killed?" - Epona
"You'll... see." - Lugh
As they were talking though, the rest of their world was still reeling from the information that Lugh was
reincarnated in their world to assassinate the hero.
"To think that my son's eventual target is the hero... This will be troublesome." - Cian
"Lugh..." - Esri
"This cannot get out. Thankfully, there are only a few individuals from our world here. This will be easy
to conceal." - Duke Romalung
"Indeed." - Cian
Touya then returned to his seat, but then noticed something strange.
My hair turned back to normal after I released the transformation. It should have stayed long even after
it's gone. How did that happen? - Touya
Despite the questions in his mind, Touya simply kept quiet and continued watching.
After being informed of his order, he was overloaded with information about the world he was
about to be reincarnated in.
The assassin asked why he was ordered to kill this supposed hero if he had saved the world, and the
goddess informed him that after the hero had defeated the Demon King sixteen years after he was
born, the hero will go insane with power and destroy the world. The goddess seeks to prevent that.
"Wha-" - Epona
"Yikes..." - Rimuru
"That is not good." - Dia
"What?!" - Naoise
Epona, who had just been reeling from the information she received earlier, dropped on her knees and
began tearing up again.
"I'll... destroy... the world..." - Epona

"Calm down, Epona!" - Lugh
The assassin then approached her and sat in front of her.
"Epona! I told you, didn't I?! I will not let that happen! If you go mad, I will kill you! Is that clear?" Lugh
The three girls closest to Lugh felt concern over his immense burden.
The responsibility of killing the hero to save the world... I'll have to support him as much as I can! Dia/Tarte/Maha
"L-Lugh..." - Epona
"I told you, Epona. Everything that I say is true. This is my promise to you!" - Lugh
Eventually, Epona calmed down, but her mood had noticeably worsened more than before.
The assassin wonders whether he would also be disposed of, but the goddess denied it, stating that
the hero was going to be disposed of because of the trouble the hero caused and that the assassin
was incapable of gaining that much power, so he was safe. After the request was done, the assassin
can do whatever he wanted after that. He then questioned why he was chosen.
"We chose an assassin because no soldier, knight, or sorcerer would've been able to kill the hero while
staying within the bounds of normal human capability. Only a highly skilled assassin is capable of
carrying out this job."
"After all, they have to kill her, not defeat her. I can see why they'd chosen an assassin for this job." Leen
"Still, this is going to be rough for him." - Touya
"Does he really have to kill Epona-san, though? Surely there's another way?" - Yumina
"Let's hope there is." - Touya
The assassin knew why he had to remain within the normal human limits. In the world he was
going to be transported into, the humans there have a set limit that they could not break no matter
what. Only the hero doesn't have such limitations, and so is blessed with immense power. There can
only be one hero that exists at a time, so if they go rogue, the world cannot do anything against
them. This is why the situation called for an assassination.
Understanding all of this, the assassin asked to be provided the abilities at the very highest end of
the human spectrum, to which the goddess agreed. Furthermore, he would also be given skills by
his own choice instead of having it given to him randomly like normal. He was given three days to
choose his skills.
"Oooohhh, we get to see Lugh's skills!" - Dia
"Being able to choose his skills, huh? Normally, I would be quite jealous, but..." - Naoise
"I was only given this opportunity because I have the responsibility to kill the hero." - Lugh
"Yes, and this is why I am not feeling so jealous anymore." - Naoise

Before he began choosing, though, he decided to ask more questions to the goddess. First, he asked
whether she was allowed to interfere by sending his soul to that world, and the goddess's answer,
while complicated, boiled down to "I can get away with doing this with enough excuse, but this is
as far as I can go, and the hero cannot be taken down through conventional means."
"So this is as far as she can interfere, hm?" - Nevan
"I think this is still good for Lugh, though." - Rio
"Too much interference from her may cause unnecessary problems." - Lugh
The man then asked when he's allowed to kill the hero, and the goddess stated that he can only kill
them after they had already killed the Demon King, which is around sixteen years after he would
be born in the world.
"A two-year timeframe..." - Souma
I really wonder what happens to Epona between those two years for her to go fully mad. - Lugh
As it was still a mystery to him, he began to think about what could have possibly caused her to go
insane.
Next, he asked her if she had already enticed other dead souls with this exact proposition. The
goddess answered that it was only him, for now. The phrase led the assassin to believe that more
may be coming soon, and he was just the first one to be called here.
"More, huh? Have you met any of them, Lugh?" - Rudeus
"Yes. Unfortunately, they were unwilling to cooperate with me." - Lugh
"That's unfortunate." - Rudeus
"I guess they think they can take her on alone or something." - Subaru
"That's stupid." - Touya
As for his last question, he asked what the priority was: saving the world or killing the hero?
The goddess replied that saving the world is the main priority, and that if he could save the world
without killing the hero, then he was more than welcome to try.
"So you don't have to kill Epona!" - Dia
She was really happy that Lugh can just choose not to kill Epona for as long as the world was saved.
Epona's expression also brightened at this revelation.
"Yes, for as long I can save the world, I don't have to kill Epona. I'm not the type of person to put all of
my eggs in one basket, though, so unfortunately, I can't just stick to one method. I need to be prepared to
either save Epona or kill her." - Lugh
"Understandable." - Ainz
"It's good to be prepared for any scenario." - Souma
He was then informed that he was going to be reincarnated as the child of House Tuatha De, who
was a family of assassins, so that he can have all of the resources he needs to raise his abilities.

After he had chosen his skills, his soul will be transferred to the other world.
The goddess disappeared, and I broke into a bit of laughter. I couldn't believe that even after being
given a chance at a second life, I was still going to be stuck as an assassin.
I'd sworn to myself that if I got a second shot at life, I would live only for myself. Now I actually was
getting another chance, with my memories of my past life intact no less, but I'd be a tool right from the
get-go. The irony wasn't lost on me...
Still, I wasn't about to complain. I'd been given eighteen years to kill a single person, and I'd get to
continue living as myself despite having already died.
This time, I promised to live for myself and find happiness.
Many in the audience simply nodded at his internal declaration.
"Don't worry, Lugh! We'll support you no matter what!" - Dia
"Yeah!" - Tarte
"That's right!" - Maha
On the first day of him choosing his skills, he sorted through the 123,851 skills that were provided
to him. The skills were divided into five ranks: S, A, B, C, and D ranks, and he could only choose
one from each.
Theoretically, it was possible to get a skill from every rank, but getting an S-rank skill alone has a
likelihood of one in a hundred million. Given those odds, getting a skill from every rank has the
probability of one in a hundred quintillion, so he was fortunate to be given the ability to select his
skills.
"I wonder what skills the prodigy of the Tuatha De chose to help him either kill or save the hero..." Nevan
Most of them leaned forward to see what kind of skills he'll choose.
He then decided to select an S-rank first, then select the skills that would complement it. He didn't
choose the five most powerful skills from each rank, but instead chose skills that would
complement one another.
The S-rank skills were extremely powerful, like the Magic Blade Summon, that can summon blades
that can cleave mountains in half, Holy Vigour, which boosts the user's physical capabilities at an
absurd degree, or the Monster Creation, which can give the user the ability to create monsters
using a variety of materials and command them in battle.
"You didn't take Holy Vigour, Lugh?" - Epona
"There were much better skills available to me. Do you have this skill, Epona?" - Lugh
"Yeah, though it's unfortunate that I get to use Berserker more than this one..." - Epona
After a lot of deliberation, he chose Rapid Recovery, an S-rank skill that increases the recovery
rate of mana, healing, stamina, and various other things. Recovery rate is boosted by a factor of
one hundred, and the multiplier can be increased by further training.
"Quite the plain yet useful S-rank skill you took." - Duke Romalung

"That skill? I didn't think you would take that one..." - Epona
"I take it that you have that skill as well?" - Lugh
"Yeah, though I barely use it..." - Epona
Since Epona is so powerful that she barely exerts herself, she doesn't need the enhanced recovery the
skill provides. How ridiculous. Though on the other hand, this means that my Rapid Recovery is more
powerful than hers. - Lugh
(A/N: Before anyone says anything, this is simply my own headcanon as to what S-rank skills
Epona has. I know that she has Berserker, My Loyal Knights and Beastification as S-rank skills,
but I don't know which else, so I took some liberty here.)
It was a rather plain skill, but the boost to recovery rate to his stamina and mana were attractive to
him, and it allowed him to train and increase his overall capabilities to a larger extent than normal,
and so given the world he was going to be put in, it was the skill he chose.
"So he chose it so that he can accelerate his growth." - Cian
"Considering who I was up against, it was a necessary skill to take." - Lugh
As for A-rank, he chose Spell Weaver, a skill that allows him to create spells. This skill will give him
infinite possibilities in terms of his arsenal, as well as the ability to use his superior knowledge of
his world's science to his advantage.
"Ooh! Spell Weaver! Even I don't have this skill!" - Epona
Lugh heaved a sigh of relief hearing this, as he did not want to face against an Epona who can create
powerful spells of her own creation.
How fortunate. - Lugh
For his B-rank, he chose Limitless Growth. Given his S-rank skill, this was an obvious choice. This
skill removes his natural human limits, which forms an excellent combination with the
inexhaustible stamina provided to him by Rapid Recovery.
"Yeah, that's obvious. Removing one's limits will complement his accelerated growth." - Rimuru
"With this, there is a possibility that he could surpass Epona in power, though with how powerful she is,
that's... quite unlikely." - Nevan
His C-rank skill was Martial Arts, which grants him superb hand-to-hand capabilities and
heightened reflexes. Since the assassin was already an expert in all forms of weapons, this skill gave
him flexibility, which was very important in his case.
"Another reasonable one. In a situation like Lugh's, he needs flexibility more than specialization." - Ainz
Lugh then remembered something important.
I sincerely hoped that my D-rank skill doesn't get revealed here. That would be really bad. - Lugh
It is here that luck finally smiles upon Lugh Tuatha De.
As for his D-rank, he went with a skill he described as amusing. It was a very situational skill, but
one that he described as his trump card.

Lugh was visibly relieved upon the lack of reveal of his D-rank skill.
"Wait, what is his D-rank skill?" - Touya
"It's best that it isn't revealed, for the sake of Lugh Tuatha De." - Everlasting
"You have my gratitude." - Lugh
"Why don't you want your D-rank skill revealed?" - Cian
"It would be more effective if the D-rank skill remains a secret, Father." - Lugh
"I see..." - Cian
"In summary, Rapid Recovery and Limitless Growth are there to enhance his overall capabilities, while
both Spell Weaver and Martial Arts provides him with the tools he needs as well as variety and
flexibility. His D-rank skill serves as his trump card. That is Lugh Tuatha De's build, is that right?" - Ainz
"Indeed." - Lugh
He then went to choose his elemental affinity. There was a total of six elements of magic that
existed in the world. There's the basic four elements of fire, water, earth, and wind, then there are
the rarer elemental affinities, light and dark. The assassin chose Total Affinity, meaning that he has
affinity over all four elements, but not the two rarer ones. His growth rate with each element would
be slower in this case, but with Rapid Recovery, he can definitely amend that issue.
"It's a pity you did not choose the light element." - Nevan
I suppose that she would have wanted someone with the same affinity as her, the Daughter of Light. Lugh
"While the light element is a powerful singular element to have, it loses to Total Affinity in overall
power. Given my mission, power is a necessity." - Lugh
"I know, I was simply lamenting the loss of a potential peer in magic." - Nevan
With that, he made his choices.
The goddess appeared before him on the third day, reviewing his choices. She was surprised that
she picked some dull skills, as well as the D-rank skill he picked. She did praise him for having
such an optimal set of skills though, considering that the hero had thirty skills, with the minimum
of five being S-rank skills.
"The hurdle is certainly high for him." - Excel
"It is a difficult mission, but given what I can tell of Lugh's personality, I doubt he would be a person
who would jump in a fight he knows he cannot win." - Souma
The goddess gave him some parting words before he reincarnated for good.
"Okay, time for your reincarnation. Full disclosure: It's going to be awkward for a while. You're going
to have to live as a baby while retaining your current knowledge and personality. Just try to bear it,
okay? I'm sure being born into the Tuatha De clan of assassins will be anything but boring. Your
mother is beautiful, you know. And thank goodness for that! I can only imagine how uncomfortable it
would have been if you made a repulsed face every time you had to breastfeed! That'd be a pretty nasty

shock for any parent. Oh, one more warning. I recommend you change your manner of speech. It'll be
off-putting to hear a child speak the way you do now."
"Oh, imagining Lugh being repulsed by me would be..." - Esri
She honestly shuddered at the thought, but didn't continue her thought process.
"Oh yeah, you were an old man, weren't you, Lugh?" - Dia
Her expression didn't show any disgust at all, which made Lugh believe she was just teasing him.
"I am simply a kid with memories of my past life. Besides, I am not like Rudeus." - Lugh
"Hey! Why am I suddenly catching strays here?!" - Rudeus
And so, he began his new life.
During the first years of his life, things were relatively peaceful for him. He was born to a couple
named Cian Tuatha De and Esri Tuatha De, and his new name was now Lugh Tuatha De.
Apparently, he had an older sibling named Ruff who had died being a Tuatha De assassin, and so
they swore that they would never let Lugh die.
Lugh was surprised that this family of assassins can be so affectionate with each other and saw this
as an opportunity to learn about love and affection and further his desire to live as a person and
not as a tool.
"As someone who was raised as a loyal tool, it must have been puzzling for you." - Cian
"Indeed, it was." - Lugh
Five years passed since his reincarnation, and his progress had been immense. He was able to learn
at an extremely fast rate, so much so that everyone around him considered him a prodigy. He also
acted mature, but still natural for a child as it seemed to delight those around him. He also grew to
love his parents very much, something that made him pleased with himself.
"Look, Cian, he really loves us!" - Esri
Esri had been slightly nervous, as she didn't know how Lugh truly felt about them since he was a
reincarnation, so this news pleased her like no other.
"Yes, I'm glad. And now we know the truth about his talents, as well. I wonder if there was any point in
me teaching you the skills to be an assassin." - Cian
"Don't worry, Father. You have still managed to teach me a valuable lesson." - Lugh
He took full advantage of Rapid Recovery in order to train his body as early possible, as his skill
allows him to recover from fatigue at an extremely fast rate.
"He started training as soon as possible, huh?" - Rimuru
"Given what he was supposed to do and who he was up against, he needed to take full advantage of his
skills to train as soon as possible in order to stand a chance." - Ainz
"True enough. He's certainly dedicated to it." - Rimuru
He also began to read up on various topics in the world, especially his family's history.

The House of Tuatha De was a noble house of the Kingdom of Alvan which holds the rank of
baron. Despite their rather low rank, they enjoyed great fame, wealth, and influence due to their
medical achievements. Their medical expertise is known throughout the kingdom, earning favors
from even the royal family.
"Well, you know what they say, doctors are just as skilled in taking a life as they are in saving them." Rudeus
"Quite the irony that they are a family of doctors and assassins at the same time." - Ariel
Behind the facade, though, they were a group of assassins who did the bidding of the royal family
and a certain dukedom. They used murder as a tool to remove those who had become a danger to
the country. With such control over life and death, House Tuatha De's political influence and
wealth are immense. They had been doing this for seven generations, which is no small feat.
As he finished reading the books in the library, Lugh's father had called for him in order to begin
his real training as an assassin.
First, before he began his training, he begins to recite the family creed taught to him numerous
times.
"The Tuatha De clan's skills are only to be used to ensure the prosperity of the kingdom."
"How does our medical technology benefit the country?"
"By saving the lives of major figures."
"That's exactly right. Our family has little political power. However, if we can save the lives of those
above us, they will be able to make our country a better place. Next question. For what purpose does
the Tuatha De clan carry out assassinations?"
"To eliminate those who have become an unhealthy presence in our lands. We remove people who are
of foul mind in order to prevent them from causing excess damage."
This system was created in order to minimize bloodshed in the kingdom. They can prevent
uprisings from even happening by simply eliminating a problem by its root.
"To think that this has been going on in our kingdom for a long time now. If this goes out, it would be a
scandal." - Naoise
"Are you going to expose us, Naoise?" - Lugh
"No. I have nothing to gain from doing so, and it's not like the kingdom had been truly harmed by the
system, so while I find it extremely questionable and uncomfortable, I have nothing against it." - Naoise
I will just do everything that I could so that the reforms I plan for the kingdom will make sure that the job
of the Tuatha De would not be needed anymore. - Naoise
(A/N: Poor Naoise...)
Cian had actually brought Lugh to an isolated facility in order to provide him with an important
lesson: killing people without hesitation. His father pointed at five criminals on death row that had
been generously provided to them by the kingdom, and he instructed him to kill them. Lugh
nodded, but then asked his father why he was taught to be loving and caring to other people and
why he was taught that life was precious, if he was to become an assassin.

Cian's answer was enlightening to him. Essentially, being taught such things will give him an
understanding of how other people think, which is essential for an assassin. He said that they were
people, not tools, and that they only follow orders when they are for the kingdom's best interest. He
wants him to be a capable assassin that has a heart.
"I am sincerely thankful for such a lesson, Father." - Lugh
"This is the lesson you refer to as important, hm? Considering your dying wishes, I can truly understand
why." - Cian
I guess they are still nobility, so it makes sense for them to be taught to be a human instead of being a
tool. They still have domains to govern, as well as politics to be concerned about. - Ariel
Hoooow fasciiiinating... - Roswaal
"It is an odd lesson to teach a prospective assassin, but I guess we all have different methods." - Hakuya
"I think it's touching, still." - Souma
It was a lesson that Lugh took to heart in order to become a person.
When Lugh turned seven years old, his physical strength improved by leaps and bounds due to the
training regimen provided to him as well as his own intense practice. He also began practicing his
skills by hunting game in the mountains within their domain.
When he wasn't practicing, he was studying or bonding with his family. On one day, he cooked the
game he had just hunted and served it to both of his parents. His cooking was superb, much to
Esri's chagrin. Lugh wanted to cook for himself sometimes because he needed to build a strong
body through both training and proper nutrition.
Esri noticeably pouted. She really wanted to cook for her son as a loving and caring mother, so hearing
his reasons for wanting to cook for himself, even if they were reasonable, still upset her.
"I'm really sorry, Mother, but this is necessary." - Lugh
The boy correctly guessed his mother's current mood, so he proceeded to explain himself.
"I know, Lugh, but it still makes me upset!" - Esri
"Now, now, calm down, Esri." - Cian
The audience simply wondered how these people could possibly be a family of assassins.
While he was doing this, he had also introduced the concept of pressure cooking into the household,
which both Cian and Esri were very amazed at.
"Pressure cooking, huh?" - Nanahoshi
"You know, Nanahoshi, why don't we introduce pressure cooking in our world?" - Rudeus
"Yeah. I think that's a good idea." - Nanahoshi
"What an interesting mechanism... Write that down, Julius!" - Anastasia
"Yes, my lady." - Julius J.

"I also think we should introduce this in our world, Souma!" - Roroa
"Yeah, I guess we should." - Souma
Later, after they had finished that day's lunch, it was finally time for Lugh to receive the Tuatha De
Mystic Eyes. These eyes are meant to improve one's vision to an astonishing degree, as well as let
him see mana.
"Ho? I didn't think the Tuatha De would have something like this." - Duke Romalung
"My apologies, but given that this is a family secret, I cannot reveal more information about this than
what is shown." - Cian
"Hm, I can understand. " - Duke Romalung
"Enhanced vision as well as being capable of perceiving mana. What a useful ability to have." - Nevan
"So can you see our mana levels? Even here in the theater?" - Rudeus
"Yes, though I cannot tell you who has the highest one here. I will say something, Rudeus. You have a
terrifying amount of mana." - Lugh
"Haha, I have heard that a lot..." - Rudeus
It is just simply so absurd. How can a human possess this much? It's ridiculous. - Lugh
Right now, Lugh was about to undergo a surgery in order to receive these eyes, though it comes at
a risk of him being blinded. He trusted his father, though, as well as his skill, so he didn't hesitate to
undergo the procedure.
As he expected, the procedure was a complete success, and now he had the Tuatha De eyes at his
disposal. Its power was truly something else. His overall perception has increased, and he can now
see farther than he has before.
After this, his father informed him that he had found him a mentor that will teach him magic.
Lugh felt excited, as he had been looking forward to finally learning magic. He was informed that
said mentor will arrive next week.
"Ah, Dia will be making her appearance soon!" - Esri
"This is the third time we've seen something like this now..." - Subaru (whispering)
"It's interesting every time." - Rimuru
"I can't deny that." - Subaru
The week then came, and Lugh was now going to meet his mentor in magic, though he was feeling
a bit chagrined because he was forced to wear clothes that his mother gave to him, which were
decidedly feminine.
"That's rough for him." - Subaru
Why do I have the strangest feeling that he's good at this somehow?" - Subaru
"I was honestly surprised seeing Lugh dressed like that at first." - Dia

He then made his way to the reception room, where he finally met his mentor, whose name was Dia
Viekone. She was a noble from the Soigel Kingdom whose family has ties to the Tuatha De clan,
despite their apparent thievery, something that Lugh was confused about. Dia Viekone was a
genius mage even at a young age of ten years old.
Now knowing what Dia was initially referring to, Lugh couldn't help but smile wryly at her initial
interactions with the Tuatha De family.
I'm sure that what my Dad did was something that troubled the Viekone family greatly because they didn't
even go through the proper process of marriage... - Lugh
Lugh just hoped that he would be able to do better when it came to handling Dia, though considering
their current circumstances, he did not know if that was possible.
"What a talented child..." - Duke Romalung
In the world, there are only a few people who possess mana, and Alvan held especially high regard
to those with high amounts of mana, which is why they held noble positions.
Cian and Dia had a deal, where she would try to teach Lugh magic only if he was worthy enough
for it.
"Considering what happened, he was more than worthy of being taught by me..." - Dia
Those who were truly curious about what happened leaned forward in anticipation.
First, Dia had to measure Lugh's magical reserves. She gave him a transparent marble and told
him to pour as much mana as he could into it until his mana were depleted.
He did as she instructed and poured his mana to the marble. Due to Lugh's extensive training and
helped by his skills Rapid Recovery and Limitless Growth, his mana is now 1000 times the amount
of a normal mage.
"Who's gonna bet that the marble's going to explode?" - Rimuru
He raised his hands, as did the rest of the protagonists, much to Lugh's chagrin.
They aren't exactly wrong to predict such a thing happening, though. - Lugh
The others simply chuckled or gave sympathetic gazes at the assassin.
Dia's expectations regarding Lugh's mana were exceeded spectacularly as the marble blew up due
to the excess of mana given to it. Thankfully, no real damage was done as Lugh managed to throw
it up into the air, but it was then that both Cian and Esri figured out that their son was a gifted
mage.
"Such power..." - Naoise
"And the boy has already acquired a powerful weapon in his arsenal!" - Duke Romalung
His voice held undisguised glee and fascination upon the anomaly that is Lugh Tuatha De. He could not
help but look forward to what is about to come.
Lugh also gained the idea to use these marbles, who were called Fahr stones, as a potential weapon,
leading to him desiring the objects and hopefully mass-producing them.

Haha, those things are basically grenades to him. - Touya
He certainly knows how to take advantage of the tools available to him and use them creatively. - Ainz
He was also interested in them as these objects will allow him to hopefully increase the efficiency of
his mana discharge.
After this, they began to test Lugh's elemental affinity. Dia was once again immensely shocked by
his affinity for all elements, but quickly moved on as they now started the real lesson of how to
learn magic.
According to Dia, in order to begin with using magic, one must do an elemental conversion first.
Elemental conversion must be done in order to actually use magic. Dia described a person's first
elemental conversion as an intense experience and must only be done with a skilled teacher lest the
mage be stuck with unfortunate habits with magic for the rest of their lives.
"That kinda sucks, doesn't it? You have to be careful on who you'll choose to become your magic teacher
or else you're going to suck using magic forever." - Subaru
"Indeed. Learning magic is a meticulous process in our world." - Lugh
"I think it's quite interesting regardless." - Echidna
Dia assured Lugh that she was a very skilled teacher, and that she will provide the best first
experience Lugh could ever ask for.
"That phrasing is a little... off." - Sylphiette
A faint blush tinted her cheeks as she said those words, and those who understood what she meant also
blushed.
"It wasn't that bad, though, Sylphie." - Rudeus
The experience was indeed pleasant for Lugh, and he agreed that Dia was a very skilled teacher.
After this experience, they then moved on to further conversion of mana to an element in order to
finally learn magic. After all, only mana that had been converted into an element can be used as
magic, while the rest are basically wasted energy.
Due to Dia's skill as a teacher, Lugh's conversion rate was around eighty percent, when normally it
was around sixty percent.
Once he had converted and gathered enough mana into an element, he was finally bestowed a spell,
the spell to create lea d.
According to Dia, when he fills his body with enough elemental mana, he will receive a divine
revelation from the gods and get a new spell. Runes will appear in his mind, and he must chant the
mana in order to actually cast the spell. Both elemental conversion and incantation was extremely
important in order to cast an effective spell.
The intellectuals, researchers and the more magically inclined members of the audience were all
extremely fascinated by these explanations, and was looking forward to discussing about it with the
others in the theater later.
As he learned about the intricacies of magic, he found himself getting excited over the possibilities
of magic. Due to his Spell Weaver skill, he has the capability to create whatever spell he wanted.

For example, he could try to create weapons from advanced metals like titanium, which can make
for useful slashing weapons. He also thought about creating guns using his earth magic to create
the bullets and the gun, while using fire magic to create the explosion necessary to propel the
bullets.
"Well, we already know that he managed to create spells for those rifles earlier, but it would be really
exciting to see them invent it!" - Rudeus
"Yeah, that would be fun!" - Touya
The possibilities excited him, but first, he must learn the language of magic.
And so, Lugh began his first steps towards learning magic, as well as the first steps towards his
goal.
*****
Lugh's POV
"And that's the end of that episode!" the Everlasting announced as the screen turned off.
It is extremely fortunate that I managed to at least reconcile with Epona . I guess I'm lucky that she had
already been informed of who I am before we were transported into the theater. At the very least, the
theater will show us a way to save Epona and the world at the same time.
"Well, that was rougher than I expected." Grand Duke Mochizuki remarked.
"Haha! All of this is going to be so amusing!" Demon Lord Guy Crimson commented joyfully.
"The beginnings are finally done! Every protagonists' story had now been introduced, and it's time for the
viewings to truly begin!" the Everlasting announced.
"Finally!" Subaru exclaimed.
"I assume that there will be a break first, isn't it?" Ainz said, and they nodded.
"Of course! Take a break first, talk it out with your respective loved ones from your world, or maybe try
and interact with the ones from the other world! You have two hours here in the theater to take your
break!"
As they said that, the theater's lights turned on, lighting up the inside of the facility. It was then that four
entryways appeared.
"Okay! I'll give you a basic guide on the facilities on the theater. On that first door is the cafeteria! You
can go there to grab food and talk!"
"Next, the second door is the arena! I'm sure some of you would want to hone your combat skills or spar
with others in the theater! Here you are!"
The battle junkies in the theater all grinned at the thought of the arena.
"The third door leads to the conference rooms. Each world has five conference rooms they can use. If
you want to talk privately about your affairs, simply go there and talk!"
"And finally, the fourth door leads to the bedrooms! While I know that some of you does not require
sleep, I'm sure that you still want to have rooms all to yourself when you want some alone time or
some naughty times." the Everlasting smirked at that last statement.

"Oi! There are children here!" Rimuru exclaimed, but the Everlasting simply continued on
"Don't worry, I made sure to censor my words so that they won't be able to hear me! Anyway, speaking
of naughty times, if you want to do anything freaky with your partner, or partners, I'm not judging, don't
worry! There are plenty of birth control pills and condoms if you don't want to get pregnant! The rooms
are also soundproofed so that you will have complete privacy. Oh, and don't worry, I made sure that
Rudeus and his wives' rooms are extra soundproofed."
"Hey, there was no need for that!" Rudeus exclaimed while blushing hard, the same could be said for his
wives.
"Tell me if any of you have any fetishes, we'll provide you with the proper... equipment." the Everlasting
continued, much to the chagrin of everyone else.
"Oh come on!" Touya exclaimed.
"Now that all of that is over, it's time for us to take a break!"
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

The last one! Oh boy I finally managed to end the beginnings chapters!
Just like with the parts wth Rudeus and Roxy, I decided to leave out the other half of the parts with
Lugh and Dia until later.
As for the manhwa I referenced last chapter, I decided not to include that, and simply make a new
fic out of that when I can. Nothing else needs to be said. I don't want to burden myself further with
more content in this fic, so this is everything. Just the stories of these isekais and nothing else.
I will also be giving my decisions regarding the questions I posed in the Q&A chapter in the next
chapter, so look forward to it!
There will be one more chapter which is an aftermath of these beginnings chapters, then we get to
the proper reaction! Look forward to it!
Thank you for reading and I hope you all enjoyed this chapter, dear readers!

Chapter 13: Interlude: They Talked About Stuff
Chapter Summary

As everyone had been acquainted to all of the protagonists, they decided to talk about everything
they've found out at this point.
Some of the worlds were extremely chill, others, not so much.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Third Person POV
"Before we go on this break, does anyone have any questions in mind?" the Everlasting said.
"Okay, Lugh, what do you think your chances are at succeeding on your mission?" Rimuru asked.
"Hm, interesting question. If I must state my exact chances right now, I would say around 15%, even if
we consider either outcome." he answered.
"That's a higher percentage than I expected." Dia remarked. "Why would you think that?"
"If I want to kill Epona, I had found a way to do it. However, it is heavily dependent on the situation at
hand. As for saving her, I am still lacking information on what exactly is going to happen for me to have
a definitive answer on how to save the world while saving her in the process." he replied.
"Hm, I see." Rimuru said.
"Do you think it's still likely that things are going to proceed like the goddess had predicted?" Rio was
the one asked the next question.
"I don't think that's very likely anymore. The presence of the otherworlders, like me, has probably
changed things to a significant degree." Lugh said. "With that being said, I still cannot be complacent that
I've already changed things enough so that Epona wouldn't destroy the world."
"Do you think that the goddess is trustworthy?" Ainz asked.
"I can't say either way, but given what I've seen so far, I have no choice but to trust her word." Lugh
replied.
As everyone else nodded, nobody asked any more questions. This prompted the Everlasting to stand up.
"Since you guys are done asking questions, it's time for the break to start. Remember, you have 3 hours to
relax and discuss the things you've seen before the reaction proper officially begins!" they said.
As everyone stood to leave, Reinhard began to approach Hinata.
"Lady Hinata, I request a sparring match from you." he said.

Hinata turned to him, and with a look from Luminous, she nodded.
"Very well."
The residents of the Slime and Return World all began to murmur excitedly about the match.
"Oh, this is going to be good." Rimuru whispered.
"This is going to be fun to see!" Subaru said excitedly.
The other worlds were also curious, so they decided to head for the arena for now.
As the two combatants stepped into the arena, everyone else began to sit down, looking on in anticipation
of the match.
"We've only gotten a glimpse of Reinhard's power, while Hinata's power is still unknown to us. This will
be interesting." Ainz remarked.
"This is going to be enlightening!" Teacher also remarked as he began to float beside Fran to get a better
view of the match.
"I am Hinata Sakaguchi, the leader of the Paladins of the Holy Empire of Lubelius and subordinate to the
Demon Lord Luminous Valentine!"
"I am Reinhard van Astrea, descendant of the sword saint, Reid Astrea, and knight to Felt-sama, one of
the royal candidates for the Kingdom of Lugunica!"
"I, Mochizuki Touya, Grand Duke of Brunhild, will be overseeing and refereeing this sparring match!"
Why am I the referee?!
Touya resisted glaring at the Everlasting, who was watching along with the others in the stands. Before
the match began, people questioned who was going to referee the match, and the faceless god
volunteered Touya for the job. He was reluctant to do so, but realizing that he had no choice, he decided
to accept it.
The two pulled out their weapons, with Hinata pulling out Moonlight Rapier after being warned by
Rimuru that her other sword, Dragon Buster, will be useless against her opponent, and Reinhard pulling
out the Dragon Sword Reid, which was effortlessly pulled out of its sheath.
It looks like she was worthy, after all.
The people from the Return world who was aware of the blade's property was shocked that he managed
to pull it out and began leaning forward.
"This will be an interesting fight, after all." Crusch whispered.
"Now then, begin!"
The two turned into blurs as their swords clashed, causing a shockwave to rock the arena.
The less powerful individuals in the audience all held on to their seats, while the more powerful ones
simply watched on in fascination.

Both Hinata and Reinhard felt some stinging in their arms as they clashed, and both realized just how
powerful the other is.
Hinata decided to make her move first, weaving to her left and attempted to slash at Reinhard, but the
man simply dodged her attack. However, Hinata followed it up with a stab to Reinhard's arm, intending
to incapacitate him. The red-haired knight saw through this as well and simply blocked it with his own
blade.
Reinhard then tried to leap away to gain some distance, but Hinata was onto him, and tried to launch a
quick attack at him, one that was quickly sidestepped by the man. He swung his blade at her, but she
evaded the swing with ease. The force of Reinhard's swing sent a massive shockwave, causing the ground
behind Hinata to rupture at the overwhelming force. The ground was immediately restored by the
Everlasting, however.
After that, Hinata also slashed at Reinhard, but he simply blocked it with his blade. The force behind the
swing did leave Reinhard flinching a little though, a feeling that was quite foreign to the knight. He tried
to counterattack by kicking her on the side, but Hinata raised her free hand to block it.
The two then retreated back, then immediately tried charging at each other again, causing sparks to fly
out of their weapons from the intensity of their attacks.
It was a back-and-forth of attack and defense between the two warriors, not even budging an inch against
the other. Their display of swordsmanship and martial arts awed everyone watching.
"They're so strong..." Fran remarked with a noticeable gleam in her eye.
"They really are... And they aren't even doing anything special, they're just using their swords and their
physical strength." Teacher agreed with her.
"They are truly strong. I believe they're a threat even to us." Ainz commented as he watched the fight. All
of the guardians agreed.
"Indeed, Ainz-sama. Even I believe that I may lose when fighting either of them." Albedo said as she
observed the fight. Despite her pride as the Captain of the Floor Guardians, she is also intelligent enough
to look at their strength objectively and realize that they are a genuine threat to her.
"Hm. We need to act cautiously and not act rashly against everyone here." Ainz said to his subordinates.
"Yes, Ainz-sama!" all of them said.
Meanwhile, both the Slime and Return worlds now held genuine respect for the opponent of their
respective companions.
"That guy is actually matching Hinata in a pure sword fight... That's crazy." Rimuru muttered. He knew
that Hinata's skill with the sword is the real deal, so for Reinhard to match her was an amazing sight for
Rimuru to see. "He's actually evenly matched with her."
"The Sword Saint is actually struggling against her. This is definitely a first." Anastasia said as she
looked on at the fight. "Julius, what do you think of Sakaguchi Hinata?"
"She is incredibly skilled and powerful. For her to match Reinhard like this makes me sure of that
assessment." he replied to her.
"Man, for Rein to actually struggle like this is new to me." Subaru said in awe as the two continued to
clash.

The other worlds, meanwhile, simply appreciated the match between two powerful individuals.
"Hey, Eris, don't get any ideas." Rudeus said as he looked at his wife, who was looking impatiently at
either combatant. "You'll lose against either of them."
"I don't care! I still want to fight them regardless!" she said, causing Rudeus and his two other wives to
sigh slightly at her.
Souma was also restraining his own wife, Aisha, from trying anything. Both the people from the
Smartphone world and the Spirit world both simply watched on in awe at the two fighting.
Eventually, the two decided to end the match on a draw, not wanting to use any of their more powerful
attacks on a sparring match. The audience clapped at their awesome display of skill.
"So, where to next?" It was Touya who asked that question as he leaped towards the stands.
"Maybe we should all get something to eat? I'm honestly kinda hungry right now." Subaru said.
"I guess we should. I also want to eat some food." Souma agreed with him.
With that, all of them went to the cafeteria.
The cafeteria looked extremely modern and luxurious, with white walls surrounding the area, and white,
fluorescent bulbs lighting up the room. On the very front of the cafeteria was a long buffet-style serving
area, lined with dozens of different dishes ready to be served. There were also many waiters and
waitresses inside the cafeteria, ready to serve the guests of the theater.
Rudeus and his friends were the first one to the cafeteria, and something immediately caught Nanahoshi's
eye.
"Ramen!" she shouted, catching everyone's attention as she rushed over to the area where ramen was
being served. Rudeus chuckled silently at Nanahoshi looking so excited, but considering how homesick
she probably was, he knew why she acted that way, so he didn't say anything, and just went straight for
the ramen as well.
The other otherworlders also began noticing the ramen booth as well but then noticed the other dishes
from Earth in the cafeteria.
"There's ramen here! I really want to eat some..." Subaru also ran to the ramen section.
"I also want some ramen..." Rio remarked, with the other heroes from the Spirit world coming with him
as they also wanted to eat some ramen as well.
Lugh silently went to the part of the buffet serving teriyaki, as he also wanted to eat some Japanese food.
Souma, meanwhile, wanted to eat some tempura, as he never actually saw any shrimp-like creature in
Landia, so he went there in order to eat some. Fran, predictably, went for the curry.
Touya, Rimuru, and Ainz simply shrugged at their excitement, since both Touya and Rimuru had
recreated these dishes in their world, while these dishes are all available at Nazarick for Ainz. The three
of them, along with their friends and subordinates, just silently approached the buffet area to try out a bit
of everything.
As they were all seated in their respective tables, they began engaging with small talk with one another,
choosing to discuss more sensitive topics later.

Subaru, who was busy eating food, was startled to see one of the waitresses of the cafeteria approach
their table.
"What is it?" he asked.
"Hello, Sir Natsuki, I am Florence, and I am one of the servants of the Everlasting. They ordered me to
bring this to you for consumption."
"Huh? What is that?" he asked as he stared at the steaming bowl being held by the waitress on a tray.
"Rabbit stew."
She smiled innocently as if she had no idea about the dark joke the Everlasting was pulling.
Subaru did though, and his eyebrows twitched at the dish in front of him. He could already hear the
mischievous chuckle of the Everlasting in his mind.
"That faceless bastard..." he whispered. "Still, I can't reject free food."
He took the bowl, and thankfully, the rabbit was chopped up into bits, so he didn't have to worry about it
looking like a rabbit. He just decided to eat it along with the ramen, while sighing in his mind about
Everlasting.
After everyone was finished eating, everyone else then headed for their respective conference rooms in
order to discuss matters.
=In the Slime Conference Room=
"So, what do you guys want to talk about?" Rimuru began as all of them sat down.
"Is there really anything to talk about?" Luminous replied to him. "It was interesting seeing how Tempest
began but that's it."
"I am interested in that talking skill of yours, Rimuru." Guy Crimson said. "What happened to it now?"
"Well, let's just say that I still have the skill." Rimuru replied. He didn't want to reveal Raphael just yet.
"Actually, Veldora, you knew about this, didn't you?"
The room turned their stare at Veldora, who felt slightly nervous at the attention, especially since Velzard
was still there.
"I do, but I thought the skill was just you! It was scary!" he said.
<Master, can I talk to him?>
Rimuru was slightly surprised that Raphael would want to, but feeling a little mischievous, decided to let
her do it.
In an instant, Rimuru's eyes turned red and looked at Veldora.
"Answer. If you hadn't been slacking off in your duties when you were imprisoned, I wouldn't have
needed to discipline you." Raphael said, before turning back to Rimuru.
Meanwhile, Veldora flinched at being addressed by the skill.

"Hey! I was enjoying watching Rimuru and reading the manga! Cut me some slack!" he said, but Rimuru
simply stared at him with a deadpan expression.
"Veldora." he called his name.
"Rimuru, you really need to control that sadistic skill of yours!" he said.
"I think they were pissed at you for a good reason." Rimuru sighed.
Meanwhile, everyone else was fascinated by hearing Raphael talk, though they did not know that it was
Raphael yet.
"His skill really does talk!" Guy said in glee.
"How fascinating." Elmesia whispered.
"I already like that skill." Luminous commented, seeing the skill admonish Veldora.
"Kufufufu, this is but a fraction of Rimuru-sama's greatness." Diablo praised Rimuru as per usual.
To see such an impossibility like this is truly fascinating. I wonder what you will show next, Demon Lord
Rimuru.
Blanc thought this as she stared at Rimuru. She was very interested in him now, to the point that she was
actually considering serving him, something that she would have never even thought of before she met
him. The slime was incredibly interesting for her, so if he showed even more interesting sights to her, she
may accept serving him as her lord.
The others simply continued talking, looking forward to what is about to happen next.
=In the Return Conference Room=
"While I would normally like this position, it kinda h-hurts being hugged by you three..."
Subaru sheepishly remarked as he was being crushed by the hugs of Emilia, Rem, and Beatrice, intent on
not letting him go.
"Why do you think we're hugging you like this, I suppose?" Beatrice asked rhetorically.
"It's not like anything's going to happen to me in the theater..." Subaru said.
"But still, seeing you die like that is..." Rem muttered, remembering Subaru's haunted and terrified
expression when he died and being saddened by it. "I don't want to see you like that, Subaru-kun..."
"I'm really sorry, Rem..." he said.
"Don't be! It's not your fault, Subaru-kun!" she said, but then a hesitant expression appeared on her face.
"Subaru-kun... was I responsible for even just one of your deaths...?"
Subaru froze up, not expecting such a question from her. Both Emilia and Beatrice, who heard her
question, also looked startled at the question.
"I... can't tell you. Spoilers." Subaru replied. Rem backed down from asking more, but the anxiety she felt
never faded.
Meanwhile, the rest of the people in their world simply looked somberly at Subaru.

"To think that Subaru-dono has carried such a heavy burden all this time." Wilhelm solemnly said. "It
pains me that such a young man has suffered so much in our world."
"Indeed. I shudder to think how many times he's died before he was able to come up with his plan against
the Whale..." Crusch nodded at his remark, while thinking about how many times he's suffered a defeat
against the White Whale. "Natsuki Subaru is a man truly worthy of respect and admiration."
Julius also stared at Subaru, respect for him coursing throughout his body, even if he would never admit
it out loud. He imagined himself in Subaru's position and he knew, deep down, that he would never be
able to carry on the same way he did. Along the way, he was sure that his knightly ideals will only be
able to carry him so far and he would be broken down with no hope of repair if he was in his position.
He's only seen three of his deaths, but he was sure that the man had died more. He was sure of it,
considering the challenges that they faced. He didn't want to think about how many times he had died to
the crazed maniac that is Sloth, or the horrible mabeast that is the White Whale. The fact that he faced
such horrible trials and still came out as strong as ever made Julius Juukiulus truly respect Natsuki
Subaru.
The same could be said for Felix. At first, he had been terrified of the potential of Return By Death.
Such an ability can be used to manipulate so many things for the users favor, and Felix knew that Subaru
had done so to an extent. However, seeing Subaru's face of terror when he died by Elsa's hand, as well as
his face of terror in the theater assured him that Subaru was just as human as he was before. He would
never use this ability for selfish purposes, the knight was sure of that. Just like all of Subaru's allied, he
resolved to help the boy as much as he could, to at least alleviate some of his pain and misery.
Reinhard also felt immense respect for Subaru. Despite his weakness and his suffering, he endeavored to
keep trying to save those he cared about. In his eyes, Subaru was more deserving of being called a hero
than him. He just felt ashamed that he wasn't able to use his immense strength to protect his friend. He
would make sure that his friend will never have to see his own blood spill from his body.
The rest of the people from the Return world also resolved themselves to keeping Subaru free from the
pain that had tormented him since he had arrived in Lugunica.
=In the Quagmire Conference Room=
The rest of the residents of this world was completely relaxed, just engaging in some small talk with each
other. The revelations regarding Rudeus was surprising, but they knew that nothing really changes about
him. He was still Rudeus Greyrat despite his origins. Still though, Sylphiette had something to ask.
"Hey, Rudy, I'm curious about something." she asked. Rudeus didn't know what this was about, so he
turned to his wife.
"What is it, Sylphie?"
"You remember that day when you found out about my gender for the first time?" she whispered, not
wanting to risk spoiling anybody else. Rudeus simply nodded, urging her to continue. "Did you actually
already figure out that I was a girl back then, and you just wanted to see me naked?"
"HUH?!" Rudeus exclaimed in shock, not expecting this question by a mile.
"I mean, you were into little girls, right...?" she continued with a straight face, not being fazed by what
she was saying. Meanwhile, Rudeus was horrified that she was asking this question, but he knew that he
had acted that way, so he can't blame her for asking this question.
"N-No, Sylphie, I did not know you were a girl back then. I really thought you were a guy." he said.

"Really?"
"Really. You know what, just watch my thoughts when we get to that point, okay?"
"Yeah, it will be fun to see what Rudy is thinking that time!" she said.
=In the Overlord Conference Room=
"Guardians! I will keep this short. Your behavior so far in the theater had been exemplary. Keep it up,
and make sure to gather and analyze all of the information we receive in the theater about our future for
the benefit of Nazarick. That is all."
"It shall be done, Ainz-sama!" the denizens of Nazarick said.
The nervousness that Ainz had about his true thoughts being revealed to his guardians remained, but he
decided to not worry about it now, because the benefits of the theater far outweigh the costs.
=In the Smartphone Conference Room=
Everyone else in the conference room here was also relaxed, since there was not really any surprising
revelation that was shown compared to the other viewings. The same couldn't be said for Touya,
Endymion, and Melle, though. All three of them were huddled into a corner of the conference room as
both Endymion and Touya explained to Melle about what was going on with the Phrase. No matter how
gentle they tried to phrase it to her, Melle was still depressed about the consequences of her actions.
"I cannot believe that something like this has happened..." she murmured.
"The Phrase were really dependent on you as their leader..." Touya remarked.
"Grand Duke Mochizuki Touya, you have my sincere apologies for causing trouble to you and your
world because of my naivete." the Sovereign apologized to Touya.
"No, it's really not your fault. It's the fault of those guys who couldn't try to move on from you." Touya
said. "With that being said, are you sure you're okay with me massacring them?"
"They are the ones who attacked you first, so I have no problem with it, you were simply defending
yourselves." she said.
Endymion then decided to take over in conversing with Melle. Touya chose to leave them alone and
proceeded to approach Yumina, who looked worried about something. Once he did manage to approach
her to ask her why, this was her answer.
"I'm worried about Rio-san and Miharu-san..." she said. Touya understood what she was talking about
immediately. A rarity for him.
"Sendo Takahisa, huh?" he said. "You know, I can try protecting them from anything he tries to pull. It's
not like we have a lot to talk about here."
"Please, Touya. I'm worried he may do something unpleasant on them."
"Got it!"
As Touya went outside, he thought about someone else.
Maybe I can ask that guy to back me up...

=In the Realist Conference Room=
The people of the Realist world were also all visibly relaxed, as nothing shocking was really revealed.
They all simply talked to one another, and hoped that the viewings of the future will come so that they
can quickly take note of them.
=In the Sword Conference Room=
"I see, so that's all that you know so far, Teacher?"
"Yes, Alistaire-san."
The godsmith had just finished taking notes about all of Teacher's knowledge and theories so far
regarding his origins. The others just either talked to themselves or observed the conversation between
the two. Fran, despite the conversation normally being boring for her, resolved herself to stay awake in
order to learn more about Teacher.
"We're still quite lacking in information, it seems. Still, this is all so fascinating... I will definitely be
looking forward for more information from the theater." she whispered quietly.
"We can hope that my origins will be revealed sooner than later..." Teacher said.
For now, they decided to discuss the information they did have.
=In the Assassin Conference Room=
"Lugh..."
Epona gazed at him with a complicated expression. Lugh, meanwhile, simply scratched his head.
"Do you... really believe that I'll destroy the world?"
Lugh was not surprised by the question, and in all honesty, he has been thinking about the question for a
while.
"With the knowledge I have right now, honestly, I think that you can, considering how powerful you are.
However, I don't think that you will. Do you want to destroy the world, Epona?"
"N-No!" she replied.
"Then there's your answer." he said with a smile.
"T-Thank you." Epona said with a small blush on her face. "Things would be... awkward, huh?"
"I know, but remember, Epona, you are my friend. I consider you as a precious companion. That's why I
will save you, either by stopping you, or by killing you." he said.
"Thank you." she replied.
"Now then." Lugh then stood up, confusing everyone. "Grand Duke Mochizuki Touya asked me to help
him with something, so I must go. I do owe him for helping restrain Epona earlier, after all."
Epona blushed in embarrassment.
"About what?" Dia asked him.

"Something private. If it comes up later, then I'll tell you." he said before exiting the room.
=In the Spirit Conference Room=
Christina sighed heavily on her hands while staring at Rio, who was talking amicably to his companions.
Seeing how the boy was treated earlier made her extraordinarily guilty. As she drowned in her guilt even
more, someone showed up to talk to her.
"You must have a lot on your mind, Princess Christina." Charlotte appeared from beside her, a relaxed
smile plastered on her face.
"Princess Charlotte... I guess I do have a lot on my mind right now."
"What happened to Sir Haruto wasn't your fault at all, you know?" she said, but Christina simply shook
her head.
"Regardless, I am still a part of the kingdom that tormented him so deeply, and I couldn't do a thing to
prevent it, even though she is the one who saved my sister." she said. "I cannot bear to face him after
such a sin."
"Really? But Sir Haruto didn't resent you at all. Besides, isn't Lady Celia also a part of your kingdom,
and Sir Haruto is very close to her."
Christina was silent after that, but the guilt was still obviously there. Charlotte simply sighed at the other
princess's attitude.
Meanwhile, after much deliberation, Miharu finally stood up from her seat after sitting at the corner of
the room for some time, before going straight to Rio. Rio, seeing her approach him, knew what was
going to happen, so he also stood up as well.
"Let's talk." Miharu said.
Despite still being embarrassed by her confession earlier, she knew that this was her chance to talk to Rio
one-on-one, so she decided not to waste the opportunity.
"Yes, that's right. We need to talk. Just the two of us. Let's head to the neighboring conference room." he
said.
Miharu did look worriedly at Aki, who was still softly crying while being comforted by Satsuki, but she
wanted to settle things with Rio first, so with a heavy heart, she simply left her be for now.
The two then walked out of the room together, and one guy was watching them intently.
=In the Spirit 2nd Conference Room=
"I still meant everything that I said earlier, Haruto." Miharu said the moment they both sat down.
"I... really don't know how to feel about all of this." Rio admitted. "I've spent my life thinking that I will
be alone in my journey for revenge. This is a selfish, wretched journey, which I'm only doing to satisfy
myself. You are going to be in danger from being associated with me. I won't be able to protect you every
time, and I want you to be safe, and yet..."
Tears flowed from his eyes once more.
"I really do want a home to come back to... I want a family..."

It was a desire that Rio didn't know he had, but he felt it right to his core. He wanted a peaceful life. He
wanted to keep all of the bonds he's made and live a happy life. He didn't want to be constantly tormented
by his desire for revenge and his resentment of Lucius. He also wants to be happy.
Miharu smiled sadly at this.
"Haruto, I am truly grateful to you. You took care of us and saved us all from a terrible fate, even though
there was nothing in it for you. You protected us, provided us with a safe home, and even gave us an
opportunity to make new friends in that new world. It's no wonder that I fell in love with you." she said.
"However, I also know that you cannot respond to my feelings right now, not with your current situation,
and I can't blame you for that. That's why I'll just wait for your answer. I can wait for however long it
takes. I just... want to travel together with you. I want to be able to be your companion in your journey, to
share with your burdens even by a little. I want to be by your side, Haruto."
Her earnest and serious eyes caused Rio to smile wryly. He had now just realized how truly serious
Miharu was about this.
He then considered his own feelings about the situation. His own conflicting feelings about trying to keep
her safe and wanting her to be by his side clashed inside him. It was a feeling that has grown stronger
since the confession Miharu had earlier.
In the end, despite knowing how selfish it was for him, he decided to honor Miharu's wishes.
"You can come with me, Mii-chan." he said with a genuine smile on his face, causing Miharu to blush.
However, she stood tall and smiled back at him.
"Thank you, Haru-kun." she replied.
The two then engaged in small talk with each other, enjoying each other's company as the burdens that
kept them for so long had been lifted. The two weren't together just yet, but they hve grown closer
together.
=Outside the Spirit 2nd Conference Room=
I need to do something... I need to be the one protecting Miharu... My Miharu...
Takahisa's mind swirled with these thoughts as he got out of the first Spirit conference room to get to the
room the two were in. He didn't know what he planned to do, but knew that he wanted to get Miharu
away from Rio so that he can protect her himself.
I'm the only one that can protect her!
As he approached the room, he was startled to see the Grand Duke Mochizuki Touya waiting outside
with his arms crossed.
"You came, Sendo Takahisa." he said blankly. "Frankly, I would be more surprised if you didn't come."
"What are you doing here, Grand Duke?" he asked, warily staring at him and clearly surprised that he
was there.
"Since I have nothing to do and I knew that both Rio and Miharu are having a private conversation, it
would be best if I guarded the door to prevent anyone else from going in and interrupting them. I want to
help a fellow protagonist, after all." he said.

Takahisa was surprised by this, and almost clicked his tongue in annoyance. However, he knew that he
could possibly convince him to let him enter and help convince Miharu to be with him.
"Please, Grand Duke, I need to talk to Miharu in private..." he said.
"I told you, I'm not going to let anyone in right now. If you want to talk to her, do it after this." Touya
replied.
He was thinking about Yumina's assessment of the man, and while he wasn't acting to bad right now, he
knew that his attitude can change for the worse if left unchecked. Because of this, he decided to find out
what made Takahisa tick.
"If I talk to her after this, it would be too late!"
"Late for what?
"I need to keep Miharu safe. I need to protect her! I can't let her go with him!" Takahisa bellowed.
Touya was confused about what he was talking about.
"I'm pretty sure Rio will also protect Miharu, right?" Touya said.
"No! I'm the only one that can protect Miharu! He's planning on committing murder on someone, he can't
be trusted!"
On paper, what he's saying does make sense. He just wants to protect someone that he cares about from
going with someone planning on taking revenge. In reality, though, things aren't that simple.
Touya knew that Rio and Miharu had a nearly unbreakable bond, and that this isn't as simple as Miharu
being safe. Touya also noticed that Takahisa seemed to be ignoring what Miharu wanted, which was to
come with Rio even if he wants to get revenge on the man who murdered his mother. Takahisa was
simply imposing his will on Miharu selfishly, but it looks like he hasn't even noticed it, or maybe he was
willfully ignoring it.
He tries to drag down the people he doesn't like, while he believes that he's always right even
subconsciously. He also doesn't want to acknowledge his faults, and he never believes that he's wrong.
He's also deluding himself into thinking that what he's doing is for someone else even though he's only
doing it himself. He's self-righteous and a hypocrite. Yumina was right about him.
With this assessment in mind, Touya resolved not to let Takahisa go anywhere near Rio and Miharu
under his watch.
"I'm sorry, but right now, you're the one I can't trust. I won't let you in, no matter what." Touya said.
Takahisa was frustrated by Touya's response. He desperately wanted to take Miharu away from there, and
wants to do it now.
And so, he pulled out his Divine Arms.
"I'm sorry, but I have to get in." Takahisa said.
Touya's eyes widened as he didn't expect him to resort to violence. He didn't know if the rules of the
theater applied here, so he tried to pull out Brunhild in order to further dissuade Takahisa. Someone else
was faster than either of them, however.
"Stand down, Sendo Takahisa. You were about to attack a monarch just now."

It was Lugh Tuatha De, pointing a rifle at Takahisa's head.
"You're late." Touya said, casually holding Brunhild on his side.
"I'm sorry, Grand Duke, I was held up talking to Epona." he said.
"Understandable. Anyway, this guy really is being persistent." Touya then pointed to Takahisa, who froze
up at a gun pointed at his head.
"Quite troublesome, isn't it? Don't worry, if he ever tries to move at all, he'll make for good practice."
Lugh said, his voice tinged with murderous intent.
"D-Dude, that is one hell of a threat." Touya said.
Meanwhile, Takahisa was stunned. Even though he was extremely and absolutely frustrated by what's
happening, fear and self-preservation gripped him like a vice. His inability to do anything about the
situation made him want to scream, but he knew that he couldn't do anything about this situation. And so,
he silently left the area, his expression twisted in frustration.
"He's not going to back down easily, isn't he?" Touya whispered, though Lugh heard him loud and clear.
"He certainly would not. We need to warn the two about this." Lugh said.
As if on cue, Miharu and Rio came out of the room, and was confused to see both Touya and Lugh
waiting outside of their door.
"Sir Lugh and Your Grace? Why were you waiting outside of this room?" Rio asked.
"We have something we need to tell you." Lugh said. "Let's talk about it while we walk."
Rio and Miharu, who both felt confused, just decided to follow their lead for now. Once the four began
their walk, it was Touya who spoke.
"Sendo-san wanted to enter the room that you two were in to talk to Miharu." he said, surprising the two.
"B-But I wanted to talk to Haruto alone!" Miharu said. Touya simply smiled wryly.
"He didn't care at all. Thankfully, I was there to stop him, then I asked Lugh for help." he said while
pointing towards the assassin.
"Why were you there to stop him?" Rio asked in slight confusion.
"Yumina warned me about the guy." he replied, leaving the three shocked. Even Lugh had been surprised
by this, as he was not informed about why Touya wanted to protect the private meeting between the two.
They then began to be concerned about this piece of information.
"Takahisa-kun..." Miharu muttered, worried about her friend.
"That is... indeed concerning." Rio said. "What should we do?"
"You guys need to keep an eye on him to make sure he doesn't do anything that will make him a target
practice for Lugh." Touya said, causing Lugh to chuckle sheepishly.
"Thank you for your help, Grand Duke Mochizuki and Sir Lugh." Rio bowed at the two of them.

"Nah, it's fine. Us protagonists have each other's backs, after all!" Touya said with a smile, making the
two other protagnists smile warmly at him as well.
"That's right." Rio said.
"Indeed." Lugh agreed with him.
Miharu smiled warmly at the interaction.
The break then ended for everyone, and they were all called in back to the theater.
"That was a nice break! We all really needed that, huh?" Subaru shouted as he went back to his seat.
"I'm just looking forward to the rest of the viewings. This future information will be crucial for us."
Souma said as he also sat down on his seat. "Hakuya, make sure to take as many notes as you can."
"Yes, Your Majesty." he said.
"Kousaka isn't here... Leen, can you try taking notes for us?" Touya asked his fiance.
"I'll do it." she simply said.
Raphael.
<Answer. Understood, I will be recording as much information as I can.>
"I'll try taking notes for us!" Celia volunteered as Rio just nodded in agreement. Dia also volunteered for
Lugh.
"I'll be the one doing it in ours." Nanahoshi said. "Are you fine with that, Rudeus?"
"Yeah, sure!"
"Demiurge." Ainz said.
"It will be done, my Lord." the demon, understanding what was being asked of him, just nodded in
affirmative.
"Let me be the one taking notes in our universe." Reinhard volunteered himself, and no one objected.
Echidna secretly wanted to, but given their status amongst these individuals, it would be wise for her to
keep silent. She will just take notes on her own.
"I shall be the one documenting the future, then." Quina said, and as no one wanted to do it in their
world, they just let her do it with Teacher's permission.
"Oh, it seems everyone is very impatient! Well then, I won't keep you waiting any longer! I will explain
how this format is going to work, then!" the Everlasting spoke. "Since I have already told you about the
random nature of the viewing, I'll just explain other details. There viewings will be divided into what I
will call the "cycles". Since time doesn't move in the Theater, a cycle is essentially the equivalent of a
day. You guys will watch 27 episodes per cycle, three from each world. I will be teasing the next three
episodes, then a short break occurs when you all discuss everything, then I tease the next three episodes
after that. After a cycle ends, you'll have a very long break equivalent to, say, twelve hours, just like a
normal day. The beings here who need sleep will sleep, while the others simply kill some time. After that,
the 2nd cycle begins, and rinse, and repeat."

Everyone just nodded in understanding.
"Okay then, these will be the episodes that will be shown for the first cycle!" Everlasting announced as a
wheel came on screen.

The audience looked curiously at the titles shown. Since the full titles aren't shown, they couldn't figure
out what they were actually about, so they decided to shelve their speculation for when the titles are
revealed.
"Next, here are the three episodes that will be shown to you first!"
The wheel spun, and three titles are picked.

"From our world?" Crusch remarked.
"I... do not like the look of that name." Subaru said with a shiver in his voice.
Are they really going to show the rabbits that early?
Subaru hoped that this was a title referring to a different event, like the Whale or something. He did not
want to see the rabbits devour him so early here.

"Hm? I wonder which event this is referring to." Rimuru remarked as the title was shown.
There were a lot of things that have happened so far that can be attributed with this title in Rimuru's
perspective, so he can't pinpoint which this is based on the title alone.

"Weird titles." Roroa commented. "What could this event be?"
"It could be the future." Souma said, prompting him to look at Hakuya. The man simply nodded and
began to ready his notes.
"Now that all has been prepared, the Isekai Theater is now truly officially showing!"
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

Before anyone asks, no, the Hideous Banquet chapter is not the rabbits for the ones who aren't
aware. Why don't you try to figure out what these chapters are actually referring to, my dear
readers?
The interlude chapter has now concluded, and the reaction proper is about to really begin!
For the questions I posed in the Q&A chapter, I decided NOT to include both the OPs and EDs, as
some readers pointed out that it will be confusing, and there are spoilers, so it makes sense.
As for the fanfictions, or I guess I should call them what-if scenarios, that is still kind of up in the
air. We'll just see where the story goes.
Get ready for the reaction proper, because I am definitely hyped for this! I hope you guys enjoyed
this chapter, and thank you for reading!

Chapter 14: List Of To-Be-Reacted Chapters/Episodes For 1st Cycle
Hello, dear readers! Null here! I had decided to compile the list of the chapters/episodes that will be
reacted to in the Theater for the First Cycle just so you guys know what's coming, since you may
not be able to read the titles in the wheel. This will be of no particular order, since it's random and
all. Here you go!
Even If This Love Is Prearranged (Realist)
The Assassin and The Hero Becomes Friends (Assassin)
A Hideous Banquet (Return)
Behind The Curtain (Slime)
Shopping (Spirit)
The Assassin Gives Warning & Makes A Wager (Assassin)
The Witches' Tea Party (Return)
The Happy Roswaal Manor (Return)
Will of Nazarick (Overlord)
The Sorcerer Kingdom, Ainz Ooal Gown (Overlord)
The Prodigy's Secret (Quagmire)
The Empire Makes Its Move (Slime)
Black Cats (Sword)
Chief of All Evil (Sword)
In Search of The Land of The Dwarves (Overlord)
The Archives of Wisdom (Smartphone)

Beyond Memories & Atonement (Spirit)
Things To Prepare Before Marriage (Quagmire)
The End of The Festival (Smartphone)
wrath -anger- & cause -unknown- (Realist)
The Assassin Obtains A Divine Treasure (Assassin)
Crime And Punishment (Realist)
Escape (Spirit)
Babylon Rising (Smartphone)
The Search For Garrus, Revisited (Sword)
Birth of A Demon Lord (Slime)
Rudeus' Diary & One Job Among Many (Quagmire)

Chapter 15: 1st Cycle Chapter 1: Battle Against A Fiend Who Eats
Names
Chapter Summary

The audience watch as Otto, Felt, and Beatrice along with some of their allies battle the dastardly
Lye Batenkaitos on the ruins of Priestella!
It doesn't end well for them.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Subaru's POV
I was nervous. Terribly so.
That title just gave me a really horrible feeling. I was hoping against all hope that this did NOT show the
rabbits. I don't think the audience here is ready for that yet.
"So, as the titles have shown you, the first one we'll see is from the Return world!" the Everlasting said,
much to the chagrin of the people in the theater.
"Well, I guess we should prepare ourselves." Lugh remarked, composing himself. The same could be said
for everyone else.
"Oh, and you better get those notes ready, guys. This is from the future. Actually, all three of these are
from the future."
The moment he said that, everyone straightened up, especially those from our world. Meanwhile, I
heaved a noticeable sigh of relief, because that meant that this would not be about the rabbits.
What if it was a worse death than the rabbits, though?
I shuddered at the thought, because what else is a worse death than being eaten alive?
"Then we need to get ready to take notes." Crusch-san said.
"Can you tell us when this is taking place?" Reinhard asked.
"6 months from when you were summoned." the Everlasting said.
"If this is something bad, then we can be suitably prepared for it." Julius commented.
"Let me give you a hint. I have good news and bad news about this one. Good news, you won't be seeing
Subaru die here."
"Thank goodness!" Rem said.
"Bad news, this episode will piss you all off anyway." they said with a smirk.

Piss us off, huh? Whatever it is, I sincerely hope that this will give us useful information.
"Let's begin!"
In the central plaza of the City of Priestella, surrounded by canals of waterways on all sides,
tension was quicky rising. A figure of immense evil was standing in the middle of it, poised to
unleash his malice on his enemies.
"Priestella?" - Anastasia
"The Water Gate City of Priestella? What are we doing here?" - Crusch
"Where is that?"
"This is one of the Five Great Cities of Lugunica, located near the border of Kararagi. It's a city built
upon water, rumored to have been created by Hoshin of the Wastelands. We currently have our
headquarters there." - Anastasia
"I see."
The other simply kept quiet, content to just watch what is about to unfold. I also watched intently, the bad
feeling I had in the beginning somehow increasing.
Then, I saw who was standing there, and my blood boiled.
This is Lye Batenkaitos, the Witch Cult's Archbishop of Gluttony.
We froze. All of us did. Well, all of us in our world, at least. The people from the other worlds just looked
confused.
However, it didn't take long for me to react.
"THIS BASTARD!"
I clenched my fists and glared heatedly at the screen.
"The Witch Cult!" - Rem
"Why the hell are they here?!" - Ricardo
"This is bad...!" - Julius
Both Felix and Wilhelm were silent, but their expressions of anger was enough to understand what they
are feeling.
"So, uh, can someone please explain?" - Touya
"The Witch Cult is a terrorist organization responsible for committing countless atrocities across our
world. They are led by these people known as the Archbishops of Sin. This Lye Batenkaitos is one such
Archbishop." - Reinhard
"This one in particular I have a severe grudge with."
I gritted my teeth at seeing this piece of shit.

Otto Suwen cursed his misfortune at having encountered the Archbishop himself. He also
remarked that he could already hear Subaru and Ram complaining about not facing him
themselves.
"Wait, why am I there?!" - Otto
"Brotto!" - Garfiel
"Let's calm down for now. We have to analyze all of this information carefully." - Julius
"That's right. It makes sense." - Felix
"First, we know that 6 months from now, the Witch Cult will be attacking Priestella, presumably led by
the Archbishop of Gluttony. Since you are here, Otto-kun, that means that you're either on a mission for
the Emilia Camp, or the Emilia Camp is here in the city. Of course, we still have incomplete information,
but that's all that we have for now." - Anastasia
He also recalled that the Archbishop of Gluttony went by a different name, Roy Alphard. However,
he can also tell that this person was an Archbishop, which led to him deducing that there are two
Archbishops of Gluttony, or at least two Archbishops of Gluttony.
"Two Archbishops of Gluttony, or at least two of them?! One is already bad enough!" - Otto
"How can there be two Archbishops? Are they sharing an authority?" - Julius
"One is named Lye Batenkaitos, and one is named Roy Alphard." - Julius
"Rem, do you know who ate your memory and name?" (whispering)
"It's this one, Subaru-kun." - Rem
"I see..."
This was a miscalculation to the plan that they couldn't foresee. Their plan to take back the four
control towers in the city was based on the assumption that there was only one Archbishop per
location. The fact that there was one roaming the city was beyond their calculations.
"That's not good..." - Lugh
"So you realized it, huh? Yeah, that's not good." - Rimuru
"What did you guys realize?" - Touya
"If we make inferences based on what is said here, then they had a plan to take back these control towers.
They assumed that each control tower is occupied by an Archbishop. If that's the case, then..." - Ainz
"...there are four Archbishops that are going to attack the city, plus this guy..."
"Both Pride and Sloth are dead, and we don't know if there's an Archbishop of Envy..." - Wilhelm
"That means that... all of the current surviving Archbishops are attacking the city." - Crusch
All of us paled as we realized the severity of the situation.
"Shit...!"

"We need to pay more attention here, since the information we will get would be crucial." - Reinhard
It's kinda odd that the Seven Deadly Sins are a concept there too. As someone with a Gluttony skill, I
don't know how to feel about this... - Rimuru
This wasn't the most unexpected development though. That would be the presence of Felt, one of
the five royal candidates, beside him. She said that it took everything that she could to shake
Reinhard off, which was currently somewhere else in the city accompanying Subaru.
"Felt-sama!" - Reinhard
I could tell that Rein was not happy that she was there.
"Well, at least we're there too, Rein. We now have a chance against those bastards." - Felt
"Indeed, but..." - Reinhard
"Jeez! Stop worrying about me too much, Rein! I'll be fine!" - Felt
"I see, since Natsuki-kun and Reinhard-kun are both there, then that means that there are at least 3 camps
in Priestella, ready to defend the city." - Anastasia
"I wonder who they're going to fight if they had to go together..." - Crusch
Please, don't die there, Subaru. - Emilia
They were not the only ones there, as the private soldiers of Mr. Kiritaka, the White Dragon Scale,
was there as well, led by a man named Dynas.
"Kiritaka is one of the people governing the city of Priestella. I hope he's safe." - Anastasia
Otto could only internally groan at having dealt such a pitiful hand against an Archbishop of the
Witch Cult.
"It is quite unfortunate." - Rio
"Yeah, they have very low chances of success here." - Felix
"Please don't say that..." - Otto
The merchant then decided to engage in a conversation with the Archbishop, hoping to glean any
sort of information from him. The enemy was talking weirdly, though, talking about meeting their
glorious hero so that they can be judged by them or something like that.
When asked about it, the Archbishop said that they were looking for the one who made the
citywide broadcast.
Otto was a little unsettled by the fact that this Archbishop knew Subaru already.
"Okay, let's slow down."
The viewing paused as I processed this information.
"So, first of all, I haven't met this guy before. I sure hope I have so I could have had a chance to kill him,
but I haven't met him yet. Second, a citywide broadcast? Why the hell would I do something like that?"

"It's possible that we had to increase the morale of the city. Considering your achievements, you're the
perfect person for the job." - Anastasia
"I guess you're not wrong..."
The conversation was halted when Lye realized that Otto was a merchant, and became angry. A
fight was close to breaking out, much to Otto's chagrin
Fortunately, Otto had a plan.
"In negotiations with a merchant, you should always listen to the very end— because they're bound to
have a card up their sleeve!"
He audibly clicked his heels, and Otto began his attack against the Archbishop by unleashing a
bunch of water dragons at him, threatening to consume him whole.
"Woah!" - Rudeus
"Oh! Good job, Otto!"
"I guess you can be a little useful sometimes, merchant." - Ram
"I didn't think I'd be praised by you of all people!" - Otto
"Don't get used to it." - Ram
Felt praised him for this action, something that Otto was deeply embarrassed by. He attributed his
success to the fact that Wrath's Authority was affecting the emotions of the Water Dragons, who
were usually too wild to be convinced by his Divine Protection. Subaru took advantage of this
earlier by amplifying the hopes of the citizens, and now it is used here as well.
"Another new thing to note. Wrath's Authority." - Reinhard
"It looks like it amplifies and shares emotions around individuals. It's powerful enough to even affect the
emotions of creatures like the water dragons." - Otto
"I see, and it's said to be the reason why Natsuki-kun did the broadcast." - Anastasia
"Hmph! I'm angry my Authority is being used this way!" - Minerva
People couldn't really say anything about her right now, but they did look her way uncomfortably.
Meanwhile, I simply nodded in understanding, since I knew she would be mad given her own Authority
of Wrath.
Otto then asked about Heinkel, to which Felt replied that he left someone named Camberley to
watch him.
"Heinkel?"
"Rein's old man, and a piece of shit." - Felt
"Ah."
She said that she was hoping to retrieve an item that they left at the inn, something that Otto
internally remarked must have been important if they're trying to retrieve it at a time like this, just
like how he's currently trying to retrieve the remnants of the Tome of Wisdom.

(A/N: Does Subaru know about Otto trying to restore the Tome of Wisdom? It's not really made
clear to me. Since I don't know if he knows, I'm just going to make it so that he knows in the fic.)
"I still don't know why you're trying to do that, Otto."
"We can gain clues from it!" - Otto
"Oh my, it seems that I'm hearing something very interesting just now." - Echidna
"Of course it would be interesting to you..."
Felt said that it was a powerful metia given by a powerful sorcerer, and she was going to retrieve it
with one of her subordinates, Gaston.
Unfortunately, things go bad for them as Lye was able to tear the water dragons apart. Otto asked
about the power of the metia and Felt answered that even Reinhard wouldn't be able to take a hit
from it unscathed. They then formed their plan, Otto, the White Dragon Scale, and Gaston will
hold off the Archbishop while she retrieves the metia. They all agreed to it.
"So we're just going to stall... Yeah, we can do that... Stall against an Archbishop." - Otto
"I know you can do it, Otto!"
"Don't put this on me, Natsuki-san!" - Otto
"The question is: would they be able to stall for long enough?" - Rudeus
"Let us hope that they can." - Sylphie
Lye tried to prevent Felt from escaping, but he was intercepted by Gaston blocking his blow. She
managed to successfully escape, but Lye was unbothered and started looking around the people
surrounding him, then uttered something.
"With that girl gone, there's... what? Three that Louis would like?"
"Louis?" - Felix
"Probably another Archbishop. Let's take not of that." - Julius
Without much of a choice, the group engaged the Archbishop in battle.
In short, the fight was not going well for them. Lye was surprisingly skilled, dodging their attacks
with relative ease. Otto fretted that the lack of a decisive blow was hurting their chances of
winning, but fortunately, all they needed to do was stall until Felt returned there. Dynas asked
whether he has more water dragons that he can use, but Otto said that he doesn't, though he can
ask more of them if he wanted, but that would mean leaving, and Dynas said that Otto leaving will
hurt their chances of winning even more.
Otto internally lamented that his life had been a mess lately, and that he was going to complain to
Subaru about this once everything is over.
"Why me?! It's not like I want these Archbishops to constantly attack us!"
"I just want someone to complain to, okay!"
"If you want to complain to anyone, complain to those bastards instead."

Why can I relate to him, somehow? - Rimuru
As they continued to fight, the fighters noticed how incredibly skilled the Archbishop was, like he
had been trained in many different fighting skills for a long time even though he looked just like a
kid. It was definitely strange to them, until Otto remembered his title
"The Archbishop of Gluttony."
Suddenly, Otto shuddered as he repeated Batenkaitos's title.
According to Subaru, Gluttony was a being who consumed the name and memories of others. What's
more, Otto also knew of the girl who had everything taken from her and no longer remained in
anyone's memories.
"Names and memories?" - Dia
"The Archbishop of Gluttony can eat someone's name and memories. When they eat someone's
memories, they'll lose their memories and forget everything. When they eat someone's name, however,
they end up forgotten by the world." - Wilhelm
"Forgotten by the world? Don't tell me...!" - Touya
"Yes, no one will remember them. All of their achievements, legacy, and any trace of their existence will
be erased from the world." - Wilhelm
Looks of horror dawned on many people's faces.
"That's horrible..." - Miharu
"What a disgusting ability." - Luminous
Oh come on! Why do they have to smear the reputation of Gluttony like that, man?! - Rimuru
"That's sickening!" - Hilde
"What a terrible ability." - Orsted
But Otto had never given much thought to what became of whatever was eaten. It hadn't felt real to
him, so he had simply accepted the concept at face value without imagining what it might imply.
Lye decided to change his fighting style once more, this time using ice magic to rain down shards of
ice at his opponents. This dealt immense amounts of damage to the people fighting the Archbishop,
causing them to be stunned enough that Lye approached one of them, touched them, said their
name, and licked his palm. The soldier from the White Dragon Scale collapsed into unconsiousness.
Otto didn't notice the effect of what had just happened at first, but a terrible feeling overtook him.
He then asked Dynas who it was that was lying on his feet. Dynas stated that he didn't know, only
that it had to be a member of their group. Furious, he asked the Archbishop what he did, but Lye
said that it hurt that he didn't know him, considering how long they've spent time together.
"Is that...?"
"I'm sure it is." - Reinhard
Dynas became even more furious at that, slashing at the boy with heightened sharpness, but Lye
continued to evade effortlessly, as if he knew his fighting style by heart.

At that point, Otto had no choice but to acknowledge it. There was no more room for doubt.
"This is the Authority of Gluttony, which consumes people's names!"
"And I have to lead a fight against this guy?!" - Otto
"This poor guy..." - Touya
"At least we can do better once we get to our world again."
"I hope I don't have to do this..." - Otto
"Depending on how you do here, that's still a maybe!"
"Screw you, Natsuki-san!" - Otto
The inexplicable impression Gaston had of Batenkaitos was accurate.
The techniques born of a lifetime of training and experience that Batenkaitos had acquired had come
from eating the memories of others, all to increase the contents of his repertoire.
And that was not the end of the damage caused by Gluttony's Authority.
"That man's name was eaten just now, right before our very eyes... And yet we can't remember it no
matter how hard we try."
He recalled the girl Rem, who had disappeared from everyone's memories save Subaru's. That same
phenomenon was playing out here. It was almost certain that the collapsed person on the ground was
a victim of Batenkaitos.
"Wait, is that why you were crying about that girl earlier?" - Rimuru
"Y-Yeah, Rem is, or I guess was, a victim of Gluttony until the Everlasting returned her memories and
name to her."
"I see. I'm glad you managed to have your memories and name returned to you, Rem-san!" - Rimuru
"Thank you, Demon Lord Rimuru Tempest." - Rem
"Actually, now I'm wondering, how do you still remember the victims of Gluttony, Natsuki-san?" - Otto
"I honestly don't know. I don't know if it's because of my Return By Death or something else."
"We could probably get our answers in the theater, so let us continue to watch." - Julius
That was why any memories of him had disappeared from Otto's brain. He couldn't remember when
that man had shown up or who he was-or even if he had been a close friend.
"Well, he hadn't been, but the implication is honestly terrifying." - Otto
Otto felt a creeping terror as he began to grasp the sheer evil standing before him for the first time.
If Otto and the others were devoured by the Archbishop of Gluttony, Lye Batenkaitos, there would be
no traces of this battle or of the lives they had lived. There would be no proof of their struggles of that
they had ever existed.
"What a terrifying enemy to face." - Leen

"Since he can also absorb the skills of the memories he eats, we can't engage him in a battle of attrition.
We have to defeat him as soon as possible." - Crusch
The battle then continued, and as they continued to fight, Otto noticed something important.
Gluttony can't devour someone's name if they didn't know their name. And so, Otto told everyone
else not to say his name out loud. Fortunately, or unfortunately for him, the men didn't know or
bother to remember his name anyway.
"I don't know if I should feel happy or sad about that." - Otto
"At least you have some sort of advantage." - Frederica
"I don't want this kind of advantage!" - Otto
"So if you're fighting with a group, telepathy will be useful in dealing with him..." - Ainz
"Using fake names is also ideal." - Souma
Gluttony felt incredibly annoyed, considering that he didn't want to just settle for Dynas and
Gaston, stating that Louis would never let him hear the end of it. It terrified them that there's
someone even this person was terrified of, but they put it in the back if their mind for now and
moved on.
"We really need to find out more about this Louis. It could definitely be useful in the future to know more
about this other Archbishop." - Anastasia
"True, we'll have to hope the viewing shows us more information about them." - Crusch
Otto then told the fighters not to get touched by Gluttony, since if they get touched by him, it's
over. With this in mind, they began their attacks once more. They hoped to overwhelm him, but of
course, it wasn't very effective. Fortunately, they managed to create an opening which Otto took
advantage of by charging at him and sticking an explosive crystal at his waist, blowing him up.
Unfortunately for them, the attack did almost nothing, only destroying the clothes Lye had. They
did notice a lot of scars all over his body, and not all of them were the result of battle. Otto almost
felt pity for him, but then"Spare yourself such boring fantasies. It often leads to pointless regrets."
Suddenly, a new voice echoed on Canal Street.
"That's...!" - Emilia
"Beako!"
I glanced at my spirit, who smiled smugly at her appearance.
"Wait, since you're here, then does that mean I came with Rein alone?"
"That is for the best, I suppose. I would never be able to fight around him." - Beatrice
"Ah, I guess there's that problem."
Looking up reflexively, Otto saw a shadow descend from the building above. It was an adorable girl
whose dress hem fluttered and whose long hair swayed in the air.

She sighed with an untroubled face as she looked at Otto.
"Subaru is quite sufficient. We do not need yet another person with determination but terrible followthrough. Ordinarily, Subaru would be the only one who Betty helps... but this time can be a special
exception, I suppose."
"Of course. Apologies for the trouble. And thank you very much."
Otto felt such relief at hearing her scolding that he almost wanted to collapse on the spot.
He had been so sure he would never be lucky enough to have a friend come rushing to the rescue.
"Now, it's time to finish off this whelp nice and quick. Then Subaru can carry me again."
With a bored look on her face, the girl, or rather, the Great Spirit Beatrice joined the fray.
"We have a better chance now!" - Otto
"Hmph, I wish we can finish this quick. I don't want to be away from Subaru for so long." - Beatrice
Beatrice lamented the lineup that was going against an Archbishop, while Otto simply thanked her
for being there. He tried not saying her name, but it had been pointless, since Lye already knew her
name from the beginning.
At first, he was confused, but then Beatrice showed immense anger at this display, and he began to
understand. He began to realize why he was looking for Subaru, and why he knew him as someone
with such fragile strength and weak courage. It was evil in the truest sense, mocking them in a way
only he could.
"No, no, no, he wouldn't fucking dare..."
I had a bad premonition. A really bad premonition.
Is this guy going to...!?
"A servant of Marquis Roswaal L. Mathers-" Otto's eyes widened as Batenkaitos spoke with a gentle,
composed tone of voice. An atrocious grin on his face, the Archbishop performed an elegant curtsy
with the tattered robe he had donned again. And then he looked up with frighteningly perfect poise.
"Rem, at present, the helper of our one and only Subaru Natsuki, our most beloved who will someday
become a hero. Wasn't that it?"
The theater became quiet, but soon, my anger overtook me, and I stood up from my seat.
"I'll rip that little bastard to pieces!"
My shout seemed to shake the audience away from their silence, and began to speak as well.
"Don't you dare say that, you monster!" - Rem
Her anger was also overwhelming, and I'm sure that the Everlasting was the reason why her horn wasn't
appearing.
"That's messed up." - Souma
"These guys are actually sick in the head!" Teacher

"For the first time in my life, I agree with you, Barusu. This scum needs to pay!" - Ram
Now that I remember you, Rem, I will make sure that I avenge you personally. Once we get to this time
and we go to Priestella, I will be coming with them so I can send this bastard to the grave. - Ram
"What sick individuals!" - Roxy
"This is so fucked up...!" - Touya
"I'm going to stomp that motherfucker's head until there's nothing but bloody pulp left! I'm going to make
him experience a worse hell than what I experienced!"
(A/N: Don't worry, my dear, you will.)
"How truly disgusting." - Ainz
The man laughed scornfully as he begged them let him meet Subaru and to judge him.
Gluttony's attitude, his tone, his scornful laugh-they were all deriding that girl's feelings. He was
using her as an object of scorn and ridicule without knowing a thing about the people who wanted so
desperately for her to return safely. It was unforgivable.
This made Beatrice actually thankful that Subaru wasn't here, as what Lye did just now would
have damaged him greatly. The group was then resolved to finish off Lye Batenkaitos.
"Don't worry, Beako, I'll be fine since Rem is here, but I am fucking angry!"
"Betty is glad, then." - Beatrice
"Please, finish him off, please." - Otto
The battle then began once more, with Beatrice immediately opening with El Minya, one of the few
offensive dark spells that exist. The purple crystal arrows bombarded Lye, but it was ineffective as
the Archbishop charged at them. Beatrice simply used Murak to fly up into the air to avoid this
attack.
Otto felt hope that they finally have a chance, but then Beatrice dropped a bombshell.
Beatrice only has five moves left to defeat the Archbishop, due to the limited number of magic
crystals she had to fuel her mana.
"Oh come on! Why can't things be easy for us just once?!" - Otto
"Considering that Subaru's not there, I don't have my usual source of mana."
"Can you not regenerate mana normally, Lady Beatrice?" - Julius
"Since Betty is an artificial spirit, she cannot regenerate mana normally. I have to get some from Subaru,
my contractor." - Beatrice
"I see." - Julius
That sounds... quite inconvenient. - Rio
This annoyed Otto, stating that she had been influenced by Subaru too much, to which Beatrice
said that she takes that as a compliment.

She then thought about Subaru, who was doing everything he could for Emilia right now, and
knew that she wasn't needed for his battle at this moment. This meant that she just had to wait
until the battle was over before they were reunited.
Why do I have a bad feeling about that statement? - Subaru
The fight intensified, with the group doing the best they could to defeat the Archbishop.
Unfortunately, they were still not in a great spot, with Lye eating even more names from their
comrades, something that Otto had to remind Beatrice of.
Fortunately for them, their stalling wouldn't be in vain, as a voice rang out from above them. It
was Felt, carrying a strange staff, joining in the battle. She then tried to hit Lye with the staff,
hoping that it would do damage given what it was supposed to be capable of.
"Yes, finally!" - Felt
"Their stalling worked!" - Rudeus
"It's time to put that powerful metia to good use!" - Felt
Unfortunately, it did no damage to the Archbishop.
"What?!" - Felt
"How can we be so unlucky?!" - Otto
"That staff should be powerful enough to deal some damage to Reinhard!" - Felt
"You're using it wrong." - Echidna
Everyone turned to her in bewilderment. She still had that annoyingly calm smile on her face.
"How do you know that, you witch?!" - Felt
"Of course I know, I'm the one who created it, after all. It's interesting how that ended up on your hands."
- Echidna
The people in my world were shocked by this revelation, including me.
So Echidna casually created something that can deal damage to even Reinhard?! What the hell?!
A slight fear overtook me as I was reminded of what this witch was capable of.
Lye then took this opportunity to try and eat Felt's name, overjoyed at having to feast on the one he
wanted to eat the most.
"Oh no!" - Otto
"Felt-chan!" - Emilia
"No!" - Reinhard
It was the first time I saw Rein so panicked, but I couldn't blame him.
"Don't worry, R-Rein. Big bro will still remember me, and once we go back, we can fix this." - Felt

Despite her reassurance, she looked pale, and she was definitely shivering. Despite knowing that we will
be able to fix things, it probably scared her to see what it would look like for the world to forget her.
As his banquet almost finished though, something strange happened. Lye shuddered and his
expression twisted, as if he had just swallowed a bitter medicine. He had no need to act in that
situation, something else happened to him.
"It didn't work?" - Reinhard
"Wait, how?"
Thank goodness, Felt-sama would be safe! - Reinhard
Without wasting any time, Beatrice approached Felt and grasped the staff with her hands. She
knew this staff, she had seen it before, so she knew how it worked.
"You should be thankful that I'm there, I suppose, or you wouldn't know how that metia worked!" Beatrice
"Yeah, we're really grateful!" - Felt
While people were curious about how she knew how it worked, they decided to let it go for now as they
knew that they would probably find that out later.
Breaking two mana crystals, she filled the staff with as much mana as she could. Lye tried to avoid
the oncoming blast, but was caught in the leg by Gaston. And so, Lye Batenkaitos was unable to
avoid the white light of death approaching him.
"Finally!"
"Let's hope that worked..." - Otto
"This scum had finally been defeated." - Ram
As the dust settled, Beatrice beheld the staff on her hands, remembering the one who created it.
Felt was astonished by the destruction the metia could wreak, and asked what it was.
Beatrice explained that this staff was created to bully a certain dragon. Felt simply grinned at the
thought of it.
"Bully a certain dragon?"
"Who else...? Volcanica... of course..." - Sekhmet
The Lugunicans' eyes widened at this.
"Wait, wait, wait, so Echidna created this really powerful metia just to bully the dragon?!"
"Why the hell would she do something like that?!" - Teacher
"She's crazy..." - Touya
"It was a funny little invention, I must say. Volcanica was brought to tears by it." - Echidna
These guys really are incomprehensible.

"Truly a witch..." - Rem
Meanwhile, Otto came in and told them to celebrate their victory for that is the true thrill of battle,
only for the man to have a crisis, asking himself when he became the kind of person to enjoy a
fight.
"You're becoming like me, Brotto!" - Garfiel
"Shut up, Garfiel!" - Otto
As they did, they deliberated on what to do with Lye, as Dynas approached to tie him up.
Why do I suddenly have a bad feeling? - Lugh
I don't think it's over just yet. - Rimuru
Unfortunately, things took a turn for a worse.
Both Dynas and Otto were severely struck by an attack out of nowhere. In the place of Lye, a
muscular man appeared, who lamented at the cleverness of their plan to have Felt use a fake name.
"What now?!"
My frustration was shared by everyone, but no one said a word.
The man then morphed, turning into the figure of a little girl, and introduced herself as the
Archbishop of Gluttony, Louis Arneb.
"That was who he was talking about!" - Julius
"Shit, this is not good." - Rimuru
"The other Archbishop of Gluttony..." - Crusch
Felt was surprised by her claim and said that her name was not fake. Louis denied this, saying that
Felt was not the name given to her by birth.
"Wait, what?!"
We were all shocked once again, like a number of time we've had in this first viewing.
"Not... my real name...!" - Felt
"M-Maybe she's lying, being a Witch Cultist and all?" - Otto
"I don't think they'll lie about something like that, considering that the Archbishop reacted that way
earlier, it is the most likely answer." - Anastasia
"Using fake names really are crucial here." - Rimuru
"Indeed." - Ainz
"What the fuck!" - Felt
Angered at this revelation, Felt pointed the metia at Louis, but the Archbishop knew that they
couldn't use it anymore. Since Lye was defeated, however, Louis decided to leave the place,
laughing scornfully in the process.

"DAMN IT! THEY FUCKING RAN AWAY!"
I shouted my frustrations as the Archbishops left. Emilia, Rem, and Beatrice all tried calming me down,
and thankfully, I did.
"After that long fight, huh? That's not great at all." - Rimuru
"This is a defeat for us. I hope that the other do better in their fights." - Crusch
"True. Let's make sure this doesn't happen in our timeline." - Anastasia
As Felt cursed in frustration, Beatrice was upset by the fact that they let the Archbishop leave, and
that this was all that they could do after a long fight.
This was a total defeat for them.
"Shit!" I shouted in frustration as the screen turned off.
"Well, that sucked." Rimuru said. "At least we didn't see Subaru die though."
"That would have made the outcome of this battle more abysmal than it already is." Ainz said.
"At least, we have information about what the Witch Cult would be doing next." Julius remarked.
"Yeah, and we're going to make damn sure that this little shit doesn't escape this time. He will die." I
declared from the bottom of my heart.
"Well, after that horrible episode, it's time that we step into the "Slime" world! Next episode, "Behind
The Curtain"!" the Everlasting said.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

Well, here it is! We've finally entered reaction proper!
I was intending to upload all three of the chapters I teased at the same time, but unfortunately, I got
way too busy, and I don't want to leave you guys without content for so long, so I decided to go with
a chapter at a time for now until I get a proper break.
Anyway, here's the chapter! I hope you guys enjoyed it, and thank you for reading!

Chapter 16: 1st Cycle Chapter 2: Aftermath Of A Council Meeting
Chapter Summary

It's the aftermath of the incident with the Western Council meeting! Rimuru and Hinata discusses
matters, then interrogates a subordinate of the Rosso.
There, an enemy is revealed.

Chapter Notes

Just as I was writing these chapters, a fun little scenario popped into my head, and I want to know
you guys' thoughts on this: Do you think that both Rio and Ainz would be immune to Gluttony's
powers, since Rio is typically referred to as Haruto by practically everyone, and that is technically a
fake name since his name by birth is Rio? Same with Ainz, he may have given himself the name
Ainz Ooal Gown, but that name is also technically not his name by his "birth" as the lich, it's
Momonga? Just a hypothetical that I would love for you guys to share your thoughts on.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

(A/N: Just as I was writing these chapters, a fun little scenario popped into my head, and I want to
know you guys' thoughts on this: Do you think that both Rio and Ainz would be immune to
Gluttony's powers, since Rio is typically referred to as Haruto by practically everyone, and that is
technically a fake name since his name by birth is Rio? Same with Ainz, he may have given himself
the name Ainz Ooal Gown, but that name is also technically not his name by his "birth" as the lich,
it's Momonga? Just a hypothetical that I would love for you guys to share your thoughts on.)
Rimuru's POV
"Well, that happened."
I muttered as I could see Subaru and the rest of his world seething with pure rage. Not that I couldn't
understand them, with a display like that, I'd be pissed off too.
I'm still pissed off by the Gluttony slander, man.
"I suppose we shall review the information that we acquired." Reinhard said calmly, though I could tell
that he was silently very concerned. Seeing Felt almost get her name erased must have really rattled him.
"Yeah... we really should." Subaru agreed, heaving deep breaths to calm himself down. "Now then,
Reinhard, let's go over the information we know."
"Very well." Reinhard then pulled out the notes he was writing in and began reading it. "Six months from
when we were transported, the Witch Cult with all of its remaining archbishops launch an assault on the
City of Priestella. Their aims are still unknown to us at this point. Right now, we only know about the
three Archbishops of Gluttony: Lye Batenkaitos, Roy Alphard, and Louis Arneb. We see Otto-san's battle

with one of them, Lye Batenkaitos, along with Felt-sama and the Great Spirit Beatrice. The battle
unfortunately ended in their defeat due to the intervention of Louis Arneb. That's all we know for now."
"I'm also concerned about the enemy me and Reinhard were about to face." Subaru joined in. "Why did I
need to come with Reinhard? Surely he could handle any of the Archbishops on his own, no problem. I
should have been facing the Gluttony bastards instead."
"Natsuki-kun raised a good point. No offense to him, but while he is exceptionally clever, he isn't really
the best at fighting. There is no need for him to come with Renhard-kun." Anastasia remarked.
"Natsuki-san, you didn't come with Reinhard because you expected to use your RBD, didn't you...?" Otto
said, causing the rest of his companions to look at him with concern.
(A/N: They are saying Return By Death fully, it's just that I'm too lazy to write Return By Death
everytime, so I'll just write RBD for convenience's sake.)
"Okay, that's just bullshit, Otto. I know I'm weak, but I'm way past the point where I'm using RBD as a
tool, man!" Subaru retorted, causing everyone in his world to sigh in relief.
However, with the way he worded that, it means that there was one point where he was using it as a tool...
"Anyway, I have a question I want to ask." Subaru then stood up and walked towards the witches,
specifically the girl chained up in a sarcophagus named Daphne.
"Oh? And what do you want to ask Daphne, Subarun?" the Witch asked.
"As someone who was once the owner of the Authority of Gluttony, do you know how we should deal
with this?" he asked.
"I thought you already knew, Subarun. When an Authority changes owners, the ability changes with it.
My Authority is not the same as these guys even if we're both Gluttony." she replied. "If you really want
to return that maid's memories to her, then you already know what you're going to do, right?"
The Witch smiled eerily, while Subaru said nothing and simply returned back to his seat with his
contemplative expression.
"Actually, I want to ask, what's going to happen to Rem-san and Crusch-sama after we return?" Julius
asked as he looked at the two of them.
"Essentially, I reversed the effects of Gluttony on them, but that doesn't mean that I returned what was
stolen. Rem's name and memories, as well as Crusch's memories, are still in Gluttony. The moment you
return, what I did to them will eventually fade away, probably after a year or two. That means that if you
really want to get them back to normal, you need to still kill the Archbishops of Gluttony." the
Everlasting explained.
"Wait, but that means that everyone but me will still forget about Rem!" Subaru said.
"Not exactly. They would forget about Rem, but they will still remember their memories with her in the
Theater, so they wouldn't completely forget about her." the Everlasting cleared up.
"In the end, Gluttony still has to die." Subaru said with a resolute look in his face.
"Yep." the Everlasting casually replied. "Anyway, since this is in the future, I don't think any questions
would be asked, so let's move forward."
"Our world next. Get ready, everyone." I said.

With that, the screen played again.
*****
We begin from the perspective of one Glenda Attley, who had just executed another mission of
hers.
"Glenda?" - Hinata
Before anyone could ask who this person is, it looked like Hinata knew who this was.
"You know this woman, Hinata?"
"She was one of my subordinates, though as far as I know, she went missing during the civil war in
Farmus..." - Hinata
I nodded my head as I looked back on the screen.
Ever since she had been summoned to this world as an otherworlder by the Rosso, the only thing
that she's ever trusted was her weapon and her Unique Skill, Sniper. It was a skill that allowed her
to connect two points of space together, allowing her to teleport projectiles wherever she wanted.
Combine that with her weapon that was practically a part of her body, and she became a deadly
assassin.
"A summoned one, huh?" - Subaru
Remembering what they have learned about summoned otherworlders earlier, their expressions darkened
slightly but stayed quiet.
The only blunder that she's ever faced since coming into the world was her fight against Diablo,
who she realized she could never beat no matter how hard she tried, either with her physical bullet
or her magic bullets. It was a hard lesson for her that made her realize that there was always
someone stronger.
"Wait, you encountered this woman, Diablo?"
I said "encounter" because I'm sure that whatever happened between them couldn't even be called a fight.
Judging by the woman's reaction, she probably thought the same.
"I do not remember this human, Rimuru-sama. I do remember being shot at during my excursion at the
Kingdom of Farmus, but that is as far as I can remember. I don't make an effort to commit such
weaklings into my memory." - Diablo
"Damn, talk about standards." - Subaru
"He is reeeaaally rude, Subaru." - Emilia
"Well, if you're powerful enough, I don't think you would care for things like politeness. Rein's just an
exception to that." - Subaru
Right now, though, she decided to simply not think about it for now, as she began to continue with
her mission of killing a prince of a kingdom. Unfortunately for her, she grossly underestimated
someone again.
This someone being Diablo's superior, Demon Lord Rimuru Tempest.
"Ooh! There I am!"

"How foolish of her to underestimate Rimuru-sama." - Diablo
Right as she fired her gun at the prince, the Demon Lord caught the bullet just as it was about to
hit his head. The assassin was stunned, and cursed aloud knowing that she had underestimated the
Demon Lord as well. She hesitated to leave, thinking of firing another shot, and that hesitation cost
her.
"What a fascinating skill." - Lugh
Would I be capable of creating a spell like that with Spell Weaver? - Lugh
"What are you thinking about Lugh?" - Dia
"I'm just thinking as to whether I can try to recreate this effect of connecting two points of space together
to achieve this result. I understand how concept works, but the execution..." - Lugh
As she tried to escape, a voice called out to her. It was Souei, Rimuru's faithful Covert Agent, who
moved in to capture Glenda. Not wanting to be captured, Glenda began to fight him.
"Well, it's over for her."
My confidence in Souei's ability seemed to have made him proud, but the guy didn't say anything.
At first, Glenda was winning the fight, cornering Souei and eventually tricking him with a magic
bullet, but it turned out that Souei had simply been tricking her the whole time, having her fight
one of his clones instead. As multiple clones of Souei showed up, they quickly overwhelmed and
captured her.
"Yep, I knew it."
Meanwhile, on a garden far away from this location, three people were having a meeting: Maribel
Rosso, Yuuki Kagurazaka, and Duke Johann. They were discussing about the failed attempt of one
of their allies to entrap Rimuru during the recent Western Council Meeting.
"Now THIS is important information!"
I began looking intently at the three of them, while being slightly saddened that my suspicions about
Yuuki came true.
"Rosso, huh? Of course, things have become more complicated..." - Luminous
"Do you know this girl, Luminous?"
"I don't know who the girl is, but I do know of her grandfather. Granville Rosso, former leader of the
Seven Luminaries." - Luminous
"Wait, but aren't they all dead?"
"Despite having been attacked by a point-blank Disintegration, I had my doubts that Gran was killed off
so easily. I was right." - Luminous
"Things wouldn't be that simple, huh?"
"Yuuki...?" - Hinata
Oh, I forgot that Hinata did not know of our suspicions about him.

"Yeah, we suspected that Yuuki was behind Clayman's actions, as well as your attack on me."
(whispering)
"I... see." - Hinata (whispering)
Maribel complained about how incompetent Count Gaban had become, which is why he had failed
in the first place, then expressed her interest at the Ingrassian Magical Inquisitors that had
arrested him.
Due to her connection with Gaban since he is under her control with her Unique Skill Greed, she
was able to learn about whatever he had learned about these inquisitors. They were simply people
that were infused with enough monster force to become majin, unlike individuals like Razen, who
became a majin through hard work and training. She knew that Gaban would fail to entrap the
demon lord, and that she let it happen because she wanted to know about Rimuru as well as let
Johann gain Rimuru's trust.
"Ho? Greed, huh?" - Guy
"Hey, Guy, I have a question. If there are Sin Unique skills like Gluttony or Greed, are there Virtue
Unique skills?"
Raphael, I also want to ask you about that.
"Hm, I think they exist, but I personally haven't encountered them. I know that Angelic Ultimate Skills
exist, though." - Guy
<Answer. Yes, Virtue Unique Skills does exist.>
Ah, thanks, Raphael-sensei!
"Angelic Ultimate Skills? Wait, what are Ultimate Skills in the first place?" - Rudeus
"They're the most powerful versions of skills that you can acquire in our world. They allow you to
manipulate the very laws of the world. Angelic ultimate skills are a set of ultimate skills created by
Veldanava himself bearing the name of angels."
...At least, that's what Raphael told me. Considering that no one in our world refuted me, I'm guessing
that I'm right.
"Wait, so you guys have skills based on sins?" - Subaru
"Yeah."
"Very similar to Authorities, I see. Interesting." - Echidna
Yikes, of course that witch is going to be interested! - Subaru
They knew that her eventual goal was to eliminate Rimuru, and the discussion led to them asking
why she wanted him gone in the first place. At first, they believed that it was because he was
building an economic bloc that will threaten the Rosso in the future, but the true reason was much
simpler: It was because, in time, they will be helpless to stop Rimuru's rise to power.
They knew that Rimuru's military power was immense enough to the point that they could use it to
get an advantage in negotiations with other countries. Not only that, but when Tempest joins the
Western Council, they may grow even more in power to the point that, instead of just being bound

by the council's rules, they can just create their own rules and make it to a point where the entire
region takes orders from them. It would be a peaceful take over from Rimuru's part.
"Well, he's definitely living up to his title as a Demon Lord." - Touya
"So she wants to protect her family's interests, or maybe that's what she thinks she is trying to do." Souma
"In any case, now we know why the Rosso are hostile to Rimuru-sama." - Benimaru
Johann argued that Rimuru sought to coexist with humanity, but Maribel argued back, saying that
it is foolish to expect such human values from a long-lived ruler like him, and that it is possible for
him to change his mind after a long time. It was why they needed to eliminate him. It was so that
the fervent desire of the Rossos come true and are not trampled by Rimuru's own ambitions.
"Isn't Rimuru an otherworlder, though? A former human at that?" - Rudeus
"That's not public knowledge. Only the people closest to me know about this information. It's probably
why she thought that I was just another intelligent monster."
"Is nobody questioning how this little girl is scheming and making plans like this?" - Teacher
"Well, the answer is fairly obivous, isn't it? She's probably like me, a reincarnation. That. or she's stuck
on that child's body. Either way, she's older than she looks."
This is Gran's secret asset, huh? - Luminous
Meanwhile, Maribel's words made me think. While I wanted to initially deny her words, and that I can
totally stick to my guns after a hundred or even a thousand years, I wasn't confident enough that I can
make that happen so easily.
How would it be possible for me to retain my humanity after so long?
<Answer. While it would be nearly impossible to retain your humanity, it would be possible if Master
selects a set of core values and principles that he can stick to in order for him to prevent straying from his
original goals.>
Raphael's answer made Rimuru blink a few times but then smiled softly as he knew it all made sense.
Thanks, Raphael. I needed that.
<Answer. No need. I exist solely for Master's wishes.>
Just as they were about to discuss more, one of Maribel's subordinates called her to inform her of
Glenda's defeat. All of them were shocked that she was defeated, given that her survival instincts
were superb, and was extraordinarily clever. The fact that a tactical weapon like her was captured
shocked the three who heard the news.
This led to Maribel realizing that defeating Rimuru was out of the question. However, they can try
controlling him with her Unique Skill, Greed. This led to her coming up with a trap for Rimuru in
the ruins below Clayman's castle that Rimuru was going to explore together with Kagali, Yuuki's
secretary.
"I really wonder how that skill of hers work..."
<Answer. Results of Analysis inconclusive. Further information needed.>

Well, if that's the case, then I think we should continue to watch, then.
"Anyway, a trip to the ruins below Clayman's castle, huh? I guess we wouldn't be putting it off for so
long."
"Will you tell us who this Clayman person is?" - Ainz
"A former Demon Lord and was an enemy of mine. That's all I can say for now, since I'm sure that the
theater will show him."
At first, Yuuki was against the plan, stating that Demon Lord Milim was coming along with them,
so trying anything at that point would be futile and will ultimately result in failure.
"Ooohhh, I'm coming along with you?!" - Milim
The girl excitedly stood up and shook my shoulders, but I quickly stopped her.
"I mean... it is your territory, Milim. You kinda needed to be there..."
"Haha! I'm really glad!" - Milim
However, Maribel wasn't having that. At first, she asked whether it was possible to prevent Milim
from coming along, but Yuuki answered that it would be impossible, as Rimuru was already
suspecting him. Hearing this, Maribel decides to deal with Milim as well, much to Yuuki's and
Johann's outrage.
"This girl is certainly arrogant." - Guy
He wasn't mad at all, though. He looked more amused, if anything.
"Heh! Like she could take me on!" - Milim
"No, Milim, I don't think she'll be fighting you personally. She'd have to be real stupid to do that, and I
don't think she's that kind of person."
"This Maribel Rosso definitely has a trump card if she's confident that she can take on someone who can
destroy countries so easily." - Ainz
Because of this, Maribel decides to resort to drastic measures, and release something from what
they called Dragon's Nest. Yuuki balked at this, stating that he had no control over it, but Maribel
simply said that it belonged to Demon Lord Milim anyway, and they were just returning it to her.
Johann stated that it could cause damage to human settlements, but Maribel did not care about
any of it.
"You know anything about that, Milim?"
"I... don't think so?" - Milim
I did have an idea as to what Maribel Rosso could be referring to, though. Remembering the story of
Milim's rise to becoming a demon lord, I knew of a certain dragon that was once Milim's friend. I think
the dragon was just sealed away, so she probably planned to unseal it.
I'll just have to prepare myself if that's the case.
This made Yuuki think that the plan had some merit to it, given that unleashing it would cause
Milim to be separated from Rimuru, allowing them to hopefully control him. They did have one

concern though, which is Veldora. If they fail, or if they resorted to killing Rimuru, then the Storm
Dragon will rampage.
"They say all this as if they could defeat me so easily."
My statement startled many who knew me, since it was such an uncharacteristic line from me. I did think
it was out of character, but seeing these people so plainly plan my defeat slightly annoyed me.
"Hahahahahaha! Spoken like a true demon lord, huh?" - Guy
"Even he's annoyed, huh?" - Rudeus
"If I saw people blatantly plotting my defeat like that, I'd probably be annoyed as well." - Cliff
"Well, considering the nature of the theater, we'd probably be seeing a lot of that here." - Rudeus
However, Maribel simply told him not to worry about it. In her mind, she thought about everything
that her grandfather, Granville, had told her about the Demon Lords. If Veldora goes into a
rampage, then Demon Lord Luminous would handle it. In Maribel's opinion, that was preferable
to leaving Rimuru to his own devices.
Luminous didn't say anything and just scowled loudly, while Veldora looked away sheepishly.
She knew that the two Demon Lords had already joined forces, which meant that Luminous was
leaving the Western Nations for Rimuru to handle, instead of the Seven Luminaries where Granbel
Rosso was in charge of. Now, Hinata the Saint's political influence will grow, and with their
relationship, Demon Lord Rimuru's will grow with her.
This was the one thing that Maribel wished to prevent, even if she had to resort to letting Veldora
rampage in order to do so.
"Heartless..." - Yumina
"She's really desperate to get Rimuru out." - Touya
"How terrible..." - Emilia
"She is certainly ruthless." - Ariel
And so, these malicious individuals devised a strategy to defeat Rimuru for good.
Meanwhile, in a cafe in Ingrassia, Rimuru is seen relaxing there along with his allies after the
council meeting. He sighed as he thought about the stressful meeting with all of its twists and turns.
As much as he wanted to come home using Spatial Motion, the culprit behind the prince's
assassination was still being hunted down by Souei, and he was wary of any unforeseen snags, so he
decided to stay in the country for now before going home.
"Our very first Western Council Meeting, huh? Hearing my thoughts on it, I'm not looking forward to
seeing it actually happen."
"I just hope that it ended well for us..." - Benimaru
He thought about what had happened in the meeting, specifically, all of the councilors that had
allied with Gaban during the incident. While they hadn't been arrested, they are sure to lose their
posts after Rimuru had exposed all of their corruption within the council, whose information was
provided to him by Souei.

"Oh yeah, I am not looking forward to seeing this Council meeting."
Apparently, my subordinates all thought the same.
He then remarked that he was glad that both Hinata and Shuna got mad at the councilors before
he did. Being the demon lord, it would not be good for his image to start any form of violence
himself.
Both Shuna and Hinata stated that they were not really angry. If they were actually angry, those
who tried entrapping them would have suffered a worse fate.
"Those two are scary..." - Subaru (whispering)
"Damn, I don't think I would like to see what those two did..." - Touya (whispering)
"Women really can be terrifying..." - Rudeus (whispering)
"Yeah, they are." - Teacher
Those three wisely whispered to themselves, not wanting to anger Shuna and Hinata. Teacher even had to
use his Telepathy only to me and the rest of the protagonists to prevent anyone from hearing him.
Benimaru then said that it was a good learning experience for him. He said that he got so angry
that he lost hold of himself, and that if Shuna hadn't intervened, he would have burned every
human in that room, causing Rimuru to internally go pale. Benimaru then said that he was
kidding, but the demon lord didn't believe him. Rimuru resolved to choose his representative for
the council very carefully.
"Oi."
"Please, Rimuru-sama, I'm sure I wouldn't be making such a mistake..." - Benimaru
"I'm not so sure about that."
My future self is right, I'm going to have to be really careful on who I send as representative.
After a while of talking, Souei eventually reported his capture of Glenda. Rimuru internally
praised him for a job well done. He said that the assassin called Rimuru the "boss of the devil
bastard". The demon lord rightfully guessed that she was referring to Diablo when she said "devil
bastard". Diablo hadn't reported this to him but given that he treated a powerful human like
Razen like a child, this was merely a case of Diablo's sense of judgement on what counts as strong
for the world being... out of the ordinary.
"Remembering the names of weaklings like those is simply meaningless effort, Rimuru-sama." - Diablo
I sighed at my troublesome subordinate, while Guy just chuckled to himself.
"That guy really hasn't changed one bit." - Guy
"I don't think you would be remembering weaklings either, Guy." - Diablo
"Hahahahahaha! Of course, I won't!" - Guy
Would you look at that, those two are getting along extremely well.

After that, Souei relayed his whole fight to everyone there using Thought Communication. It
seemed that he had used a tactic that Rimuru taught him, where one pretends to be weak in order
to get the enemy to let their guard down and think that they have won, then push them into a
corner and force them to use everything in their arsenal before finally taking them down.
"Very wise. It is a tactic that I often used myself." - Ainz
"Deception is an important part of any combat encounter with any assassins. He is doing extremely well."
- Lugh
Souei then asked to be put in charge of interrogating her, but then Hinata interrupted and
informed them that Glenda used to be a subordinate of hers and a part of the Three Battlesages.
She initially had no idea about what Glenda was truly capable of, but this fight showed that she
was more dangerous than she thought.
Raphael then told him about what Glenda's skill is similar to, Materialize Weapon, which allows
for a person to bring things from memory into reality. Glenda's skill wasn't exactly like that, but it
was close enough.
"Wait a moment, Raphael?" - Luminous
"Hahahahahaha! You have an Angelic Ultimate Skill, eh?" - Guy
I scratched my head before sighing and nodding.
"I didn't expect this to be revealed so abruptly, but yes, I have the Ultimate Skill "Wisdom King:
Raphael". It's the evolution of Great Sage."
"The talking skill?" - Elmesia
"Yes."
An Ultimate Skill, hm? He truly is interesting. - Blanc
"Don't call it an Angelic Skill! It's a demon!" - Veldora
Clearly, Veldora is still scared of Raphael. My companion wanted to talk to Veldora again, so I let them.
"Answer. Veldora Tempest, I would not have been so harsh with you if you hadn't shirked on your
responsibilities so frequently." - Raphael
I took back control of my body, while Veldora had turned a shade paler hearing my skill talk again.
"Hey, Rimuru! I thought I told you to control that fiend!" - Veldora
"Don't call Raphael a fiend, you moron. Do you want to piss them off further?"
"N-No!" - Veldora
"Then behave."
Meanwhile, as me and Veldora talked, many were startled by the appearance of Raphael.
"Seeing that skill talk in person is so weird..." - Subaru
"It sounds so human-like, even compared to Great Sage." - Rio

"The evolution must have made it happen that way." - Lugh
From this information, they guessed that Glenda was an otherworlder.
It was then that Hinata asked Rimuru to help with the interrogation of Glenda. Seeing no reason to
refuse, and not wanting her to be exposed to the same treatment Shion's prisoners got, he agreed to
it. Rimuru was concerned about what would happen to Glenda after the interrogation is settled,
but he simply decided to interrogate her first, gauge her demeanor, and figure things out from
there.
"Rimuru-sama, I want to ask, what did Shion do to those prisoners?" - Benimaru
"Trust me, Benimaru, you don't want to know."
"It was certainly fascinating, to say the least." - Diablo
"Of course, you would say that."
When they met with Glenda, the assassin screamed at seeing Hinata with them, probably not
expecting to see her there at all. After getting over her shock, she promptly told them to kill her, as
she knew what would happen to captured spies. However, the Tempestians wanted answers from
her, so they were going to try and interrogate her.
At first, predictably, the interrogation didn't go so well. Glenda was too tight-lipped, and she even
offended Hinata to the point of her nearly killing her if not for Rimuru stopping her. Seeing their
fruitless efforts, he decided to ask Raphael for help.
The audience leaned forward, clearly excited to see Raphael in action.
Raphael, do your stuff!
<...Understood.>
Raphael eagerly accepted the challenge. I simply voice what it told me.
"I'm assuming a professional like you isn't gonna just tell me everything because I asked nicely. So
you can just listen to me instead, okay?
"Rimuru, have you done anything like this before?" - Hinata
"Maybe. Who knows?"
Hinata's glare scared me a little, but I wasn't about to reveal everything right this instant.
Hmm. Interesting. Prod her and gauge what she knows from her reactions, then?
"Try not to lose your poker face, then."
"Hah! You better not look down on me. I don't need you to remind me!"
Glenda's up to the challenge, huh? So who's gonna win this? I wondered, as if I were part of the
audience.
"Unique skills often take root in people's souls. You're a good example of that. Yours is bound fast to
your soul with a powerful force."

"Huh. Didn't know that. So?"
"So in that conference I attended, a lot of the councillors were tarnished by their vast, greedy desires."
"Uh-huh..."
"These desires were forcibly planted into them. There's a force involved that can directly impact
people's souls, and I think that's what guided their moves."
"It's probably Maribel Rosso's Greed, right?"
Many in the theater nodded as they figured out who was influencing them.
"....."
"And you're under that same influence, Glenda."
"What?"
"In your case, though, your unique skill is providing protection to your soul, so this influence hasn't
fully clouded you yet."
"Ngh..." Glenda wordlessly scowled. Maybe she couldn't fine a way to deny it - it was kinda news to
me as well, but still.
"But as amazing as your unique skill is, there are people out there who can see it for what it is."
"... You mean with Appraiser's Eye?"
"Certainly. Dragon's Eye, from the demon lord Milim, is more famous. Not that I'm up on this stuff,
but there's an old story about how Milim can see everything, right? Apparently, that's really true. One
glance at someone, and Milim has a general idea of what kinds of skills they have."
Milim smugly smirked at having her Dragon's Eye mentioned.
"Wait, so does this work on all of us in the theater?" - Souma
"Yeah, it does. I can see through almost everyone here with my Dragon's Eye! For example, Subaru,
what's up with that pulsing black thing on your chest?" - Milim
He was startled by hearing it but calmed himself down quickly enough.
"A-Ah, well, I'm sorry, but I think that's spoiler territory." - Subaru
Milim pouted in being denied an answer, but didn't ask for anything else, probably knowing that it will be
revealed in the future anyway.
Meanwhile, the people of his world looked concerned at this, but Subaru waved it off by saying that it's
ultimately harmless to him.
Rimuru pondered all of this information. It was true that there are skills that can do these sorts of
things, like his Analyze and Assess, and these analysis skills, if forged well enough, can see through
people actively hiding their abilities. He figured out that he got lucky during the Walpurgis when
Guy analyzed him and saw that he wasn't to be toyed with so easily. Raphael was the one skill he
didn't want revealed, so he was thankful that he didn't look further. He resolved to better protect
his secrets from these sorts of things.

"Well, it's revealed now." - Guy
"I know, but it's a sacrifice I'm willing to make to see the future."
Glenda then asked further about the matter, but Rimuru couldn't fully explain Rapahel's
explanations in simpler terms, so he decided to use Thought Acceleration.
"Whether your mind's clouded by greed or not is none of my business. But one thing's for sure: Your
employer's got a pretty powerful unique skill running. That's true, isn't it?"
"No comment... but I guess there's no denying it either."
"Thank you. So building on that, there was a man at the Founder's Festival whose desire were being
harnessed like that. His name is Gaiye, and Shuna took care of him at the Council this afternoon. The
other festival visitors weren't subjected to interference that way, but some of the merchants were. And
if a large number of people are brought under a skill's influence at once, chances are that the skill
user is physically nearby. That's what I thought."
"Founder's Festival?" - Souma
"Oh, I assume that it's already happened at this point in time, huh? It's a festival that we've been
preparing for some time now."
The audience just accepted the information silently.
"......"
Gaiye was completely hooked by it, but the farther away you got from the skill user, generally, the
weaker the skill got. Masayuki's skill was another monster, but the rumors that spread around about
him only added to its synergy. That foundation is why the skill propagates so much further than he
means it to.
"Masayuki?"
"He's supposed to be a Hero, though I don't know much more besides that." - Hinata
"I see. I suppose he may be important in the future, so let me just remember his name for the future."
(A/N: To those that are going to be asking, yes, I will be including both Masayuki and Velgrynd in
the future, though whether it will be the next cycle or not is still up in the air.)
Influencing people's desires, meanwhile, was purely dependent on the skill's power itself. Beyond that,
the user could utilize their strength or some other element to enhance the effect if they wanted.
Basically, though, if you told me our skill user attended the Founder's Festival, I'd certainly believe it.
Along those lines, I had a suspect in mind. Someone I speculated enough that I had Souei look into
her. "Have you ever heard the name Maribel Rosso?"
"Welp, turns out my future self already knows about her."
"Now we know about her earlier. All we need to do is to prepare." - Benimaru
"And prepare we will."
Raphael sure was cutting to the chase. The name came straight from the dossier Souei prepared for
me.

"...!!"
She might've been trying to hide it, but Glenda gave me an ever-so-slight response. So that was a yes.
Rimuru sensed that Maribel was hiding a skill when she had attended the Festival. Hinata also
concluded that the Rosso family was behind everything. Specifically, Granville Rosso, the founder
of the Rosso family, a former Hero, and the former head of the Seven Luminaries.
The demon lord asked whether Granville was still alive, given that the rest of them should be dead.
However, Hinata stated that given that he has ruled over the Western Holy Church for centuries,
she wouldn't be surprised if he had survived it.
They concluded that Granville was the one running the show, with Maribel's skill being used for
some kind of scheme of his.
"Your future selves sure figured it out easily enough." - Luminous
"Well, we have all the information we needed there, so all that we needed was to connect the dots."
Glenda was outraged at this, angry that they had figured out everything even though she did not
say anything. It was as if she had told everything to them anyway. She became pale, now knowing
that she was going to get killed.
They asked how that was going to happen, and if Maribel was that powerful. Glenda told them
about how summoned ones like her were bound by spells that they couldn't resist. If they realized
that she had fled from them, she is going to die immediately. According to Hinata, not even
Resurrection could save her then.
I slightly felt bad for her. I'm sure that the girl wasn't actually fully loyal to the Rosso and was just bound
by that curse. I'm confident that I can break that curse, though.
<Answer. Indeed, the curse can be broken by Master.>
Raphael's confirmation just gave me the confidence I needed.
Many in the audience also felt sympathy for Glenda, and probably hoped that I'd save her.
Rimuru, feeling sympathetic for the girl, decided to break the curse binding her. She was informed
of this, and he even told her that Maribel will think that Glenda's dead from this. With that, he
decided to let her go, deciding that she was just following orders based on the curse binding her. He
did warn her that if she were to be hostile to the again, they wouldn't hesitate to eliminate her, but
right now, they feel that there is no need to kill her, so they let her go.
"You're being quite soft for a demon lord." - Velzard
"I just have nothing to gain from killing her, since she isn't really an enemy, the Rosso are."
"I guess this is just your humanity showing, Demon Lord Rimuru. I suppose it would make things
interesting." - Velzard
However, Glenda turned around asked whether the Demon Lord can offer her employment. It
surprised them, but they did tell her that due to their circumstances as a newly born nation, they
couldn't pay her any money.
Glenda said she didn't mind, as Lubelius didn't pay them any money either, as it's not in their
culture. This also applied to Hinata, and Rimuru found out why she was having him pay for her

bills.
"Still, as a high-ranking official, surely you have at least some money with you?"
Hinata looked away.
"No comment." - Hinata
"Hey, stop being so stingy and don't make me pay for everything!"
"Do you think that your future self will hire her, Rimuru?" - Souma
"Probably. It wouldn't be the first time I did something like this."
Rimuru then pondered her situation and realized that Glenda's only option is to get employment
from him, as she wouldn't be able to find a job anywhere else. With that in mind, they eventually
accepted her as a part of a unit that Souei is currently forming.
"Hey, Hinata, you wouldn't mind, would you?"
"Not at all. If this ever happens again in our world, I'll allow it. It is true that Glenda would be in a
precarious situation." - Hinata
"Then Souei, if this ever comes to pass again, I'll leave her to you." - Souei
"Understood, Rimuru-sama." - Souei
After that, they had Glenda tell them everything she knew.
First is the Council. They were told about the Five Elders, and the fixed competitions that were
held between them within the Council so that no matter who comes out on top, the Elders still held
dominion over the Western Council, which is why one of the Five Elders sided with Rimuru during
the incident, while one of them was hostile. It left a bitter taste in Rimuru's mouth.
"What exactly does that mean?"- Subaru
"The Rosso essentially leads two opposing factions in a fraudulent struggle for power within the Council
in order to breed competitiveness and growth within the councilors while maintaining their hold over the
Council no matter what. Since they're playing both sides, they will always come out on top. It's a system
that I do not like, but I can't say that it isn't effective." - Souma
Subaru sighed at his explanation.
"Politics is always so confusing and exhausting." - Subaru
As a monarch, I fully agreed with the guy.
The other two, Margrave Cidre and King Doran, were not involved in this.
Rimuru complained about why he was being seen as the enemy when he hasn't even done anything
outright hostile to them, which surprised the group, as they all thought that he had been picking
fights with the Rossos at that point. Hinata called out whether he'd actually been doing it all
unintentionally, but Rimuru swiftly denied it.
"Really?" - Hinata

"I just didn't expect for things to move forward so fast, that's all! It is what I planned from the
beginning!"
Hinata squinted at me with suspicion but stayed quiet.
Now that they all knew who their enemies are, they now have a direction to go. After being
assigned their roles, Rimuru and his allies decided to make their moves against the Rosso, while
making sure that they don't run afoul of Yuuki as well. They didn't want to end up fighting a twofront conflict, after all.
Hinata then asked about how Yuuki's involved in everything, and Rimuru caught her up to speed
with everything, including the fact that Laplace, one of Yuuki's subordinates, was the one who
killed one of Luminous's subordinates, Roy. Hinata smiled coldly at this, making Rimuru remark
how scary she was.
"Scary, am I?" - Hinata
"Look, am I wrong?"
"I... wouldn't say that." - Hinata
"Hoh? So that brat is responsible for Roy's death, huh?" - Luminous
The vampire queen was emitting a very dangerous aura right now, making people slightly flinch. I guess
she really cared about the vampire he had act as her body double during Walpurgis, huh?
As things were thought to be settled, Glenda informed them that Yuuki was under Maribel's
control. This threw their assumptions about Yuuki out the window, as even Raphael was silenced
by this new information.
"Honestly though, I still have my doubts somehow."
<Answer. Indeed, Master. It is best not to let our guard down. The theater will provide us with more
information about this, so let us wait and see.>
You're right, Raphael-sensei.
Honestly, I really felt so grateful for this partner of mine. She's saved my ass in so many situations, and I
can truly consider her to be a precious companion.
I kinda want to reward her. I wonder if Ultimate Skills can be named...
They then also realized that it's possible that Yuuki may take hostile actions against them much
sooner than they anticipated. Their thoughts went to the expedition to the ruins under Clayman's
castle that they planned with Yuuki.
Rimuru consulted Raphael, and the skill suggested that they open up a soft spot to lure them in. As
the subordinates discussed whether they should cancel the expedition, Rimuru told them that they
will continue. Not only would Milim be angered if they canceled it, but this was their opportunity
to smoke out their enemy.
"That's right, Rimuru! If you ever try to cancel that expedition, I'll be mad!" - Milim
"Yeah, I know, I know. I have no plans of cancelling it anyway."
"Hehe, I knew you would do it, bestie!" - Milim

"The ruins would be the site of their confrontation, then." - Rio
"Looks like it." - Rudeus
"Maribel and the others are intending to attack Rimuru there, while Rimuru is planning to let them attack
to lure them out of hiding and launch a counterattack. A confrontation is inevitable." - Ainz
The Tempestians then made plans as to who to bring with them to the ruins. In the end, they
decided that Shion, Gobta, and Ranga should come with them. The others decided to keep watch
on the situation or shore up their defenses. Their planning concluded quickly after that.
"Hm! You can count on us, Rimuru-sama!" - Shion
"Y-Yeah, you can count on us!" - Gobta
Hinata stated that she was going to report this all back to Luminous and urged Rimuru to be
careful. He internally said that while being usually very cold to him, Hinata does show concern for
Rimuru at times, and asked himself whether this was Hinata's idea of flirting. Raphael coldly
rebuffed him.
"Really? - Hinata
"Come on, Hinata, let a man dream!"
After staring at me for a few seconds, she blushed slightly and looked away.
Well, he's not... entirely wrong. - Hinata
Hm, I wonder why she reacted like that. I thought she would be madder than this. - Rimuru
Meanwhile, I definitely noticed some of the protagonists smirking at me.
With their plans in mind, now all they have to do is wait.
*****
"At least that was more... relaxing than the previous one." Touya remarked as the episode ended.
"Yes, and it was very informative indeed." Luminous said. "The theater really is proving useful as we
thought."
"Well, then, with that done, it's time for the "Realist" world to be shown this time! Next one, "Wrath anger- and Cause -unknown-!" the Everlasting announced.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

Finally! New chapter!
I really, sincerely apologize to my readers. Not only did I make you wait longer than I should have
been, but I made you all wait... for THIS. Even I acknowledge that this isn't a very exciting chapter,
and I really dislike this volume.

Let me rant about this for a few minutes please:
In all honesty, out of all of the volumes in Slime, Volume 10, where this chapter came from, is my
LEAST favorite of all the volumes. It's part of the reason why I took so long with this chapter, I
couldn't motivate myself to read through this volume again until recently. Every time I try to reread
Tensura, I always either slow down or completely pause when I reach this volume. It's just so...
weak, I guess.
The main offender for why I dislike Volume 10 so much is the villain of the volume, Maribel. She
has so much potential as the only other reincarnator otherworlder besides Rimuru, and would have
been a great foil to him, but no, not only did she get walloped by Rimuru easily, Yuuki also did her
extra dirty by stealing her skill. She was basically treated as Yuuki's steppingstone.
The worst part is: even in the beginning, Maribel was never a threat to Rimuru. I can understand not
being a physical threat to him in a fight as she's supposed to be a schemer, but even her schemes fell
flat. In all honesty, I have an idea as to why she's so uninteresting and non-threatening as a villain, a
lack of build-up or set-up.
Let's take Clayman for example, the other villain that Rimuru had that wasn't a physical threat to
him, but still caused trouble for him. Every incident that had happened before their confrontation in
Volume 6 was because of him. Even though he is not a match for Rimuru power-wise, he had still
caused so much trouble for him that we still felt compelled by Clayman as a villain, and we all
wanted him gone.
Maribel had none of that build-up, and the narration never even pretended that Maribel was a danger
to Rimuru, unlike Clayman with him "controlling" Milim. In short, Maribel is an antagonist that is
not portrayed as a proper threat to our protagonist. That's what makes her such a weak villain,
writing-wise.
I didn't like the volume because of it and that's why it took me a long time to write this chapter.
At the very least, I'm going to post both this chapter and the next one at the same time, so I don't
have to feel too guilty about taking too long for these chapters.
Thank you all for reading this chapter and hope you all enjoyed it!

Chapter 17: 1st Cycle Chapter 3: The Sea Princess And The Realist King
Chapter Summary

Shabon, despaired over the problems plaguing her homeland, asks Souma for help about it.
An offense occurs, then a discussion happens right after.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Souma's POV
I looked intently at the titles displayed on the screen as the next episode was announced. They didn't give
anything away about what was going to happen in the future, which definitely made me nervous.
This is the first episode we're going to see besides the beginning of my story. I hope that this will yield a
lot of useful information.
"We should summarize what we had just watched, I guess." Rimuru said. He paused for a few seconds,
presumably to consult with Raphael, then he spoke again. "Let's see... So, a few weeks after the Founding
Festival, me, Benimaru, and Shuna attended a Council meeting, probably to decide whether Tempest will
be included in the Western Council. Something happens in the meeting that pissed off all of us in
attendance. Oh yeah, Shuna, make sure to remind me not to take Benimaru along for that meeting once it
comes."
"I will, Rimuru-sama." Shuna replied, smiling mischievously while Benimaru looked away in
embarrassment.
"Anyway, it turns out that this girl, Maribel Rosso, planned to entrap me in that meeting using her pawn,
Count Gaban, but expected it to fail just so I can trust her other pawn, Duke Johann." Rimuru continued.
"After that, Glenda, who is actually a spy and assassin under their employ, tried to assassinate a prince of
Ingrassia, only for that to fail because I was there, then Souei captured her. We then interrogated her, then
she became our ally after I broke her curse, and then she told us everything. We found out about Maribel
Rosso and her skill, which is probably Greed, as well as our enemy, the Rosso family. We also found out
that Yuuki may be controlled her, but that's still inconclusive. We are also going to be exploring these
ruins in Clayman's domain with Milim, and they will set up a trap there. Once we get to this point, we
need to be more prepared. That is all."
The Tempestians all nodded along with this. Rimuru then sighed and turned to the Everlasting.
"Hey, Everlasting-san, could you at least tell us when exactly this is all going to take place? Can you
provide us with a clear timeline of events here?" he asked.
"Ah yes, I can see why that would be a problem to you. Don't worry, I will be projecting the exact dates
of these events on your minds, but it depends on the screen as to whether it would be told there or not.
Regardless, you guys don't need to worry about the exact dates, I'll take care of it."
After nodding to that, the Everlasting snapped their fingers.

"Since there aren't questions again this time since it's from the future, let's move on to the next episode!"
*****
In a dark night, an island in the Nine-Headed Dragon Archipelago was assaulted by a massive
storm. The island folk all huddled in their homes, sleepless and afraid that their homes would
collapse from the power of the storm. As the rain and wind continued to mercilessly show its wrath
on the people of the island, they all heard something terrifying. A massive crashing sound,
accompanying the howling winds, which shook the island. They were even more afraid now,
thinking that it may be the cause.
"Another weird start..." - Touya
Meanwhile, as the country's name was said, Madam Shabon's eyes widened, probably understanding
where this was all heading.
The next morning, when the storm was over, the islanders saw something bizarre on the beach.
Pieces of what looked like a ruined stone bridge was scattered throughout the shore, which puzzled
them, as their island didn't need such a large bridge. As they ruminated over where it came from, a
young man from a neighboring island informed them of terrible news. It appeared on the
neighboring island, leveling half of it in the process.
As the islanders reeled from this news, the young man recognized the pieces of the bridge sticking
out on the shore as the same stone bridge that belonged on that same neighboring island. The
islanders were petrified by this news, as they now seemed to realize what had happened. It had
managed to destroy a stone bridge and throw it over the nearby island with ease.
Many in the theater was shocked by the revelation.
"Something leveled half an island...?" - Crusch
"That is concerning, to say the least." - Ariel
"What kind of monster is capable of that...?" - Juna
Meanwhile, both me and Madam Shabon sighed.
"I understand what is going on now." - Shabon
"It looks like I'll be dealing with that, after all."
She was slightly surprised and turned to me.
"You know about what's going on in the Archipelago, Your Majesty?" - Shabon
"Yes, I was just informed about it earlier before we were summoned here."
"I see." - Shabon
"Souma, what's going on?" - Liscia
"The theater may reveal it, so I can't say. If it doesn't, then I'll tell you."
This is but a small fraction of the trouble that was happening on the Nine-Headed Dragon
Archipelago.

Meanwhile, right around the same time, two individuals were bowing their head before Souma. It
was Shabon, daughter of King Shana, who was currently hostile to Souma, while the other one is
Kishun, her bodyguard.
Souma was currently processing her outrageous request.
"Please, use me as your 'tool'"
What? My tool? he thought. For a moment, he didn't even understand the words. He was doing his
best not to let it show, but internally, he was confused. Normal girls don't tell you to use them as your
tools, right? She probably wasn't some kind of total masochist, and even if she was, she wouldn't be
asking him for it with such lifeless eyes.
Both me and Madam Shabon was naturally stunned by this turn of events.
"Why does she look so... lifeless?" - Yumina
"It looks like she's given up on everything." - Rio
"She's asking to be King Souma's tool...?" - Jeanne
Has the situation with the Ooyamizuchi progressed so badly that my future self is feeling this much
despair? Or is it something else entirely? - Shabon
I have a bad feeling about this meeting.
It was a problematic statement from a girl in the troublesome position of being the daughter of the
Nine-Headed Dragon King. What was he supposed to do about this?
He glanced at Hakuya, who looked back at him with a serious look on his face.
"I sympathize with what you must be feeling, but please restrain yourself for now." was what his eyes
said.
Souma asked what exactly she meant, and she replied that she meant what she said. Souma can use
her as a political tool against the Nine-Headed Dragon Archipelago Union, either as an
administrator, a justification, or just a concubine.
Her attitude was so jarring that Souma couldn't comprehend what she was trying to say at first. Of
course, he had encountered cases like these before, both with Roroa and with the Saint Mary, but
even those people had some sort of determination in them, unlike Shabon who looked like she had
given up.
"Hm, you did something like that, Lady Roroa?" - Anastasia
"Yep, but that's not something I can explain right now!" - Roroa
He had thought that Shabon had come there to appeal to him to stop the war, but Shabon
understood that she cannot stop it now due to the fact that the Kingdom seemed to have already
put in a considerable effort into preparing for the war.
"King Souma, are you planning on declaring war to the Nine-Headed Dragon Archipelago Union?" Jeanne
"I currently am not, but I have a feeling that my future self might." - Souma

"King Souma, why are you declaring war on other countries at a time like this?! Even if both countries
are not signatories of the Mankind Declaration, you must still be more prudent than this." - Jeanne
Before I can say anything to defend myself, Maria stopped Jeanne.
"Calm down, Jeanne. I'm sure that he has his reasons." - Maria
And so she did, but not before apologizing for her outburst.
"What is the Mankind Declaration?" - Rimuru
"It is a treaty and an alliance led by the Gran Chaos Empire in order to unite humanity in our world
against the threat of demons." - Maria
"Oh, I see." - Rimuru
When Souma asked why she thought so, Shabon answered that it was because of the actions of the
Gran Chaos Empire.
Envoys from the Empire had already been warning the island chiefs about the Kingdom's
impending invasion. They told them all to sign in on the Mankind Declaration if they wanted to
avoid being invaded by Friedonia.
"We're... involved in this?" - Jeanne
"As I thought, there's more going on here." - Maria
"Do you already know what's going to happen, Sister?" - Jeanne
"I only have a hunch. The information we have is lacking right now." - Maria
Souma knew all of this already, as he had been the one to ask Maria to do this, but he feigned
ignorance.
"Sir Souma asked us to do it...?" - Jeanne
Hm, what are you after, King Souma? - Julius A.
However, the island chiefs are very ill-tempered and fiercely independent, so they did not want to
submit to the Empire. Instead, they all became even more unified in resisting the Kingdom. They
have been sending ships to the Nine-Headed Dragon King for the war.
"That's right. Trying to get the island chiefs to subdue like this is impossible. They are all extremely
fierce. This is the likely outcome to what you are trying to do. They will just unite against you, so this
plan had backfired, unless..." - Shabon
It was all according to Souma's plan so far.
"...that was what you were aiming for all along...?" - Shabon
"All according to plan? Really?" - Teacher
"I can't believe I'm hearing a line like that, here..." - Subaru
"Something interesting is about to unfold, I see." - Echidna

"What are you up to again, Souma...?" - Liscia
Shabon actually suspected that there was a plot at work. The fact that the Empire had been
sending envoys to every island that had a chief regardless of their strength meant that the goal
wasn't to get them to submit under the Mankind Declaration, but instead, she thinks that the goal
was to have the island chiefs unite under the Nine-Headed Dragon King against the threat of the
Kingdom. She stated further that this was what Souma wanted, so he can destroy the army in one
fell swoop, without having to engage in a naval war of attrition against the Nine-Headed Dragon
Archipelago Union.
"That's what I have guessed as well. Is this why my future self is already fallen into despair? A war
between us and the Kingdom, along with..." - Shabon
"Quite impressive, Madam Shabon."
"Thank you for the praise." - Shabon
There is definitely more to this.
If His Majesty King Souma is already aware of Ooyamizuchi, then why is he declaring war against the
Archipelago Union? Shouldn't he be trying to ally with my father to take the beast down? Though of
course, I have my doubts that he can unite the islanders in such a manner. - Shabon
Souma was incredibly impressed that she guessed this, and that she wasn't just a despairing
princess who was desperate to protect her country. He did internally remark that that was not the
entire plan, then he thought that this made even less sense for Shabon.
"If we assume your deduction is correct, I'm a villain seeking to ensnare the Nine-Headed Dragon
Archipelago in my trap. Why would you ask like that to use you as his tool?"
"Because... This is the last way I can think of to protect my people. I've seen how the people of the
islands have suffered all this time." Shabon clasped her hands in front of her chest as if she was
praying. "The poor catch and inability to send the boats out, the way the Nine-Headed Dragon King
raised taxes, the shadow of impending war with the KIngdom... All these things have sent the people
into depression; particularly the lack of fish catches and inability to send boats out. Our connection to
the sea is so deep that they say we live with the sea, and our souls return to the sea in death. Now, we
find ourselves cut off from it. Most of us spend our days not filled with anger or sorrow, but emptiness.
"
"I feel sorry for her..." - Sylphie
"Seeing her countrymen suffer like that must have broken her hear to an unimaginable degree." - Yumina
She's desperate, and has no one else to turn to, huh? I can't believe I'm reminded of painful memories
here... - Subaru
The grip of Shabon's interlocked fingers tightened, as though she were trying to restrain herself.
"I have no power. I warned my father repeatedly, as his daughter, to at the very least avoid war with
the Kingdom, but he would not hear me out. I believe my father... the Nine-Headed Dragon King is
heading in a progressively worse direction. However, I lack the power to stop him, or to save the people
from their suffering."
"And that's why you came to me?"

"Yes."
Souma had finally realized Shabon's motives. She was simply seeking salvation for her country at
any cost, even turning to him for help to do it.
Many looked at the Shabon in the screen with sympathy, including herself.
It was then that Shabon made a mistake.
She mentioned Roroa, who had done something similar to what she was doing right now, and she
said that, like the Queen, Shabon was offering herself up just like she did.
The careless remark made my blood boil, but since the Madam Shabon of the theater hadn't really said it
herself, I couldn't be mad at her, so I took a deep breath before turning to Madam Shabon.
"Madam Shabon, please don't make light of my fiancé..."
It looked like some of my anger leaked through, as the people from my world flinched at my statement,
including Shabon herself, but the princess quickly composed herself.
"My apologies for my careless remark and my ignorance of the situation, Sir Souma." - Shabon
Since she was very sincere about it, and she really hasn't done anything wrong, I accepted her apology
and restrained my anger.
The one on the screen, however, could not restrain his fury.
This misunderstanding, and the inadvertent offense that came with it, angered Souma greatly.
"Don't you dare make light of my wife!"
The anger was even more clear there, and several of the people in the theater jumped in fright at my
angry remark.
"Oh shit!" - Subaru
"I did not expect that." - Rio
"Now I feel worse for her." - Rimuru
"That's not good." - Rudeus
"He really is very protective of his family." - Celia
"Your Majesty, please don't be so careless." - Hakuya
"I won't. Sorry about this."
"Souma..." - Liscia
"Darlin'..." - Roroa
"At the very least, now we know that this will take place after the coronation and the wedding, since I
called Roroa my wife instead of fiancé. "
Hakuya nodded and took note of that information.

Shabon quickly went pale and immediately apologized, but Souma's anger was not so easily
abated. Due to Souma's emotions running high, he asked both Shabon and Kishun to leave. The
despair in Shabon's face intensified after that, but he didn't change his mind.
"I hope she gets another chance..." - Emilia
"This is really tough for her..." - Subaru
After Souma left the audience chamber and had Hakuya escort the guests out, they discussed what
had just happened. Hakuya reprimanded him for being so emotional, something that the king
admitted was an error on his part. He couldn't restrain himself hearing Roroa insulted in such a
way.
"Thanks." - Roroa (whispering)
"Anything for you."
I quietly ruffled her hair, causing her to blush and chuckle softly.
The prime minister remarked that regardless of whether it happened or not, he doubted that the
result will change. The proposition was not something they could easily accept. Still, they knew that
the two would not go back to their country easily and quietly.
Souma hoped that what had happened earlier doesn't push Shabon to extreme lengths, like taking
her own life or having Kishun take his own life for his master. This would greatly impede their
plans.
"Your Majesty, I would never sacrifice Kishun in such a way, please understand." - Shabon
"I apologize, then. Let's just say that we're even with the offensive remarks, then."
"I accept." - Shabon
Hakuya told him that he will smooth things over with them, stop them from doing anything
strange, and hopefully discuss this matter with a clearer mind. He also advised the king to take a
break from his duties as he was exhausted from his planning.
Souma readily agreed. He also realized that it was Roroa's turn tonight, so he was going to burn
this frustration off by spoiling her rotten.
Roroa blushed even harder, while many in the audience groaned.
"We... did not need to hear that." - Rio
"Too much information, man!" - Subaru
"Please don't be so blunt." - Lugh
Meanwhile, in a private inn, Shabon was lying in her bed, lamenting her foolishness for having
carelessly angered Souma despite needing the negotiations to become a success. Kishun suggested
that they leave the Kingdom if this is too painful for Shabon, but she immediately refused. She
needed to negotiate with Souma to prevent the worst outcome from happening.
They then pondered on what they could have said that offended Souma about Roroa. They talked
about Roroa betrothing herself to Souma to protect Amidonia after the war, and the rumor that

Souma declared war to Amidonia out of his desire for Roroa, but his attitude earlier showed that it
was certainly false.
"I AM NOT A LUSTFUL WOMANIZER!"
My shout of frustration startled the audience again, but this time, people chuckled about it.
"You know, while you may not be lustful, the fact that you have more fiancés than the pervert is not
helping your case there." - Teacher
"It just happened! Don't blame me too much for this!"
"Don't refer to me as just a "pervert"! It may not be inaccurate, but it's still mean!" - Rudeus
"Hey, I also have more than Rudeus! Was that a jab at me, as well?!" - Touya
Teacher just laughed at us, while people continued to tease us lightheartedly, lifting up the heavy
atmosphere of the theater brought about by Madam Shabon's failure.
Seeing Shabon so defeated, Kishun resolved to try and appeal for another audience with Souma.
Shabon showed concern for him, but Kishun said that he was going to make sure he is safe as well
and plans to just show their sincerity to Souma.
His attempts failed at first, but eventually, Hakuya met with Kishun in the castle gates. The man
bowed to the prime minister, apologizing profusely for the offense Shabon had caused, even
offering his life. However, Hakuya refuted him by saying that they did not even know why the king
was so upset, and so their apologies were basically meaningless.
"They're not wrong." - Ainz
"Yeah, an apology is meaningless if you don't know what you're apologizing for." - Rimuru
Kishun did not back down and said that Shabon was resolved to save her people and sacrifice
herself in the process. Hakuya shook his head.
"Thst spirit of self-sacrifice... may be beautiful. However, I think self-sacrifice on the part of one who
stands above others can also, at the same time, be a dereliction of duty. I would also say that is the
definitive difference between Her Majesty, Queen Roroa, and Madam Shabon."
He is... not wrong. From an objective perspective, it does look like I am simply running away from my
problems. - Shabon
Kishun asked him to clarify, but Hakuya told him that they should relocate somewhere more
private for this conversation.
In Hakuya's room, he continued what he was saying earlier. When he was assessing the situation
with Shabon from an objective perspective, it looked like she was powerless to do anything, and so
she was simply clinging to Souma. In short, she was running away from her responsibilities. It was
an assessment that Kishun couldn't even deny.
I am right, then. Unfortunately, I am powerless to do anything else, so I could only offer myself up to the
king. - Shabon
Hakuya then told Kishun about what had happened with Roroa, and why comparing her to
Shabon had been an insult. In summary, Roroa had risked her life to win, while Shabon had given
up on everything.

"Wait, we're not going to hear what she did?" - Rimuru
"Since you guys are going to see it anyway, it's better if it's shown to you rather than told to you, so I
edited out the explanation. Only Shabon heard it." - Everlasting
She indeed was the only person to have heard it as she turned to me and bowed again in apology.
"I repeat, I apologize for my ignorance, Sir Souma." - Shabon
"It's fine."
After telling him this information, Hakuya relayed to Kishun that if Shabon will not return, Souma
will be meeting with her once more tomorrow. Not only that, if she doesn't have the proper resolve
this time, she would be deported this time.
"I hope she can succeed this time." - Celia
"Hm! I hope she does!" - Miharu
Overjoyed by this, Kishun bowed to Hakuya, then quickly left the castle.
The prime minister thought to himself that they may need to rework their plans to take both
Shabon and Kishun into consideration.
The next day, their discussion continues, with Liscia joining in as well. Her appearance caused
Shabon to wilt, as she did not want to upset the first queen in any way if she ever becomes Souma's
wife.
After both apologizing for their transgressions yesterday, they continued with what they were
talking about before: Shabon becoming Souma's tool. Liscia spoke up about this and immediately
rejected her proposition as unacceptable. All of Souma's queens had come to love him, one way or
another, but she couldn't see that with Shabon. In addition, Shabon was so depressed and unhappy
that it would cause negative ripple effects between their people if the two ever married, as they
would see that the couple is not happy at all. Souma values family to a tremendous degree, so a
loveless marriage like this is unacceptable.
Shabon stayed silent, nodding to herself and accepting the rejection much easily than her screen-self has,
as she was already made aware of how important family was to me.
The audience also did not say anything, understanding Liscia's logic.
Shabon argued back that this is her only way of payment for the Kingdom's assistance. She is
virtually powerless and has no other method available to her. It was clear that she was desperate.
As she said this, I could see Subaru's expression darken at what she was saying. I can tell that she can
painfully relate to what Shabon was going through. Personal experience, perhaps?
Yikes, this is really giving me bad memories of that particular loop. I must have looked like this back
then, huh? Desperate, empty, and full of despair. - Subaru
After she said that, Souma stated that there was something amiss with her words, causing Shabon
to flinch a little. He then recited back her words regarding the poor catch and their inability to take
their boats out. It was strange that she phrased it this way, as normally, poor catch would not
equate to being incapable of taking their boats out at sea. This meant that something else was the
cause of them being unable to take their boats out.

Shabon praised him for his keen insight, but Souma refuted her in his mind. He already knew what
was going on from the beginning, but he could not tell Shabon that, as it would affect their plans
heavily, and so he acted as if he had just figured it out. He then requested for Shabon to tell her
what is really going on.
I wonder how His Majesty knew of the Ooyamizuchi, but I am certain that the theater may show it, so it is
best that I stay quiet and wait for it to come up. I am slightly concerned about whatever he is planning,
though. - Shabon
Shabon agreed to it, and her expression darkened as she said the name.
"Ooyamizuchi."
In that moment, there was clear hostility in Shabon's eyes.
"Though that is simply the name we have given it, it is the cause of the Nine-Headed Dragon
Archipelago's troubles."
"Well, I guess let us hear about this thing, then." - Rimuru
Shabon then narrated the origins of the monster that is the Ooyamizuchi, which had come before
Souma was entrusted the throne, and how it had caused so much trouble for them by eating their
fish and destroying their ships due to its hunger. Its name was meant to be either "great darkness
god" or "serpent with eight heads". It was a monster that is said to bring fog wherever it goes and
is massive enough to be confused for an island. Souma internally described it as a kaiju.
"A kaiju?!" - Protagonists
"What is that?" - Emilia
"It's a term we on Earth use to describe a giant monster, typically capable of destroying cities." - Subaru
"It did say that it leveled half an island..." - Rudeus
"Souma's going to be fighting against one?" - Touya
"Are we really going to be seeing a battle against a kaiju of all things?!" - Rimuru
"I'm feeling a little... excited, to be honest." - Rio
It was the cause of not only their inability to send ships out, but the lack of sea creatures as well
due to the monster eating them all. This situation was painful for the Archipelago's residents, much
more than the Kingdom to imagine.
As Shabon described it, it was their hearts that was being hurt the most by this monster. The
people of the Archipelago Union were intrinsically tied to the sea. It is an important part of their
culture and their lives. Their lives and their deaths were tied to the ocean and their boats. Being
unable to take their ships out to sea felt like they were being robbed of their culture. To the
islanders, it's like having experienced rain for days and not having any hope of seeing the sun
anytime soon.
"I see. While it wasn't causing any problems on the economic front, their culture is so intrinsically tied to
the sea that not being able to fish is enough to send the islanders into depression." - Lugh
"It must have really hurt them, huh?" - Subaru

"Much more than we can imagine." - Otto
It was why the islanders was illegally fishing in Kingdom waters. Their fishing is so important to
them that they would rather risk being arrested by the Kingdom's navy than not fish at all.
This was Shabon's true goal: to have the Kingdom eliminate the Ooyamizuchi by tying herself to
them.
Liscia commented that she was awfully confident of the Kingdom's fleet and its capabilities and
asked whether or not the Archipelago's fleet can take care of it themselves. Shabon said that they
could, but since the island chiefs are so independent from one another, they have a hard time
uniting against the monster, and only an external threat like Friedonia can bring them all together.
I was internally piecing together what my plan was from the information I'm receiving here, and it looks
like I'm beginning to see the full picture here.
Am I setting myself up as an enemy of the Archipelago so that they can be united, then somehow
persuade the united army to fight against the Ooyamizuchi instead alongside us?
While I knew that my hypothesis was lacking, it was all that I could come up with using all of the
information that I have.
I see, so is that what King Souma is planning all along? Not the greatest plan, but still quite ingenious, I
must say. - Demiurge
This was why Shabon came to the Kingdom. She hoped that, by offering herself and the country to
Souma, they can destroy the problem that is the Ooyamizuchi.
Souma informed Shabon that she will regret this decision, but Shabon simply said that she was
prepared for that. Sighing, Souma decided to accept her cooperation, but he didn't want to take
her as a wife. Instead, he asked them to obey their commands for the time being. They accepted the
offer without much protest.
The king then asked Kishun as to whether they could use his island or not. Kishun said that they
could, as he was temporarily serving Souma with Shabon.
He came prepared for that then, huh? This was how I gained the princess of an enemy country, and
her servant, two pieces that were going to be a little awkward to use.
"I look forward to working with you against the Ooyamizuchi, then, Your Majesty." - Shabon
"I look forward to it as well."
*****
"Ohhh! Big bro's going to fight against a giant monster!" Kuu excitedly shouted as the episode ended.
"It's a shame I wouldn't be there to join!"
"You have your own country to take care of, Kuu. You can't just do that." I said, sighing. "Well, now we
at least know why Madam Shabon is here with us, at least."
"Let me just say, that situation looks suspicious to me." Rimuru remarked.
"It does, but I am in the dark about this just as much as you are." I answered. "Let us just hope we get
more context about this situation before we could plan out everything else."

As I said that, everyone from my country agreed to this statement. The Everlasting then clapped their
hands in order to get our attention.
"Okay! Now that those three episodes have been shown, it's time for us to see what the next three
episodes are going to be!"
The wheel appeared again on the screen, and it spun. Three names was chosen, and they were these titles:

"Sorcerer Kingdom?" Shalltear wondered out loud.
"Hm. Interesting." Ainz nodded at the name.

(A/N: This is NOT referring to the diary from Oldeus. This is the prologue and the 1st chapter of
Volume 18. I basically made it a policy that if there's a prologue, I'm going to include it with the 1st
chapter.)
"No! Not that diary!" Rudeus shouted out, causing some in the audience to look at him with suspicion.
"Rudy..." Sylphiette stared at him, causing Rudeus to flinch.
"There's nothing perverted about it, but I can understand why he's so concerned about you guys knowing
about it so early." Nanahoshi said, causing many to relax.
"Wait, you've read this diary?" Sylphiette asked.
"Yes. It's an upsetting read." Nanahoshi simply answered, not elaborating any further.
"I-I just don't think that the audience is ready for that yet." Rudeus added. "Everlasting, when is this?"
"I was going to inform you guys after you saw everything, but I guess I should reveal it now. Both this
and the one from the Overlord world is from the future. The last one is from the past." they said, causing
both of the worlds mentioned to tense up.
As for said last one, it appeared on the screen.

"Ah! I remember this one!" Epona exclaimed.
"I do remember this one as well. I guess it would be interesting to see it again from an objective
perspective." Lugh said, his face stoic like it has been for the entirety of our stay in the theater.
"Well, then, let us move forward with the episodes! Next is from the Overlord world! "The Sorcerer
Kingdom, Ainz Ooal Gown"!" the Everlasting announced.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

A/N: More new chapters!
Like the last one, this is more of a set up chapter, so not a lot of reactions, but it is still very
interesting to me, at least! Honestly, Realist Hero Volume 13 was really enjoyable, in my opinion. I
look forward to writing the reactions for the KAIJU BATTLE!!!
For those that may ask, Shabon isn't really as melancholic as when she first appeared because
Ooyamizuchi had not grown to be the big problem that it was in Volume 13 at the point where I
pulled them after Volume 9. It's also why Souma doesn't know of his own plan against Ooyamizuchi
with the Nine-Headed Dragon King.

I'm going to return to the original format of three chapter uploads at a time, so expect longer update
times from here on, but at the very least, you guys get three chapters at a time! This will be great!
I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, and thank you for reading!

Chapter 18: 1st Cycle Chapter 4: Kingdom Of The Overlord
Chapter Summary

In this episode, we get a small glimpse on the kingdom Ainz is about to create!
Albedo then begin to reconcile a harsh truth about their master.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Ainz's POV
"Well, then! Before we continue with the episodes, though, it's time for a short break as promised!" the
Everlasting announced. "Though since it is quite short, you guys will be just staying in the theater until
the time comes, so just sit down and relax!"
With that, the rest of the theater settled down and relaxed, and since there was nothing I needed to talk
about with my Guardians as of now, we simply decided to listen in to everyone else's conversations,
especially those of the ones we've just watched.
"The representative for the council, huh? Out of everyone, I think Diablo will be the perfect choice for it,
but..." Rimuru glanced at said demon, who was looking incredibly sad about being nominated for the
position. "...he's very attached to me, to the point that he would not want to be away from my side for
long periods of time."
That's rough, buddy. I know how it feels to have subordinates that are so obsessively loyal to you.
I wanted to pat him in the shoulder in sympathy but decided to refrain for now.
"What is he, a dog?" Subaru muttered in bewilderment, but Rimuru seemed to have heard him regardless
and chuckled.
"That is... painfully accurate." Rimuru muttered as well. "Anyway, the other subordinates I have are
either busy, like Geld, or is unsuited for it, like Benimaru and Gabiru."
Both of the people mentioned all looked away sheepishly, while Geld, the orc, simply sighed tiredly.
"Rimuru-sama-"
"No, Shion, you're not even within consideration." Rimuru bluntly told the girl, causing her to pout, but
the man (slime?) didn't budge. "This still leaves us with practically no one. I can't believe I'm still this
understaffed somehow."
"It's always a pain to be lacking capable subordinates." Souma nodded, sympathizing with Rimuru's
problem as well.
"Demon Lord Rimuru, may I speak?" Blanc, the Primordial White, suddenly spoke up.
"What is it?"

"I would like to make a deal with you." she said, but before she can even try to approach Rimuru, Diablo
glared at her.
"What are you up to, Blanc?" he asked.
"There's no reason to be so hostile, Noi- I mean, Diablo. What I'm about to offer him is very beneficial."
Blanc said with an eerie smile on her face.
"Beneficial? What do you want, then?" Rimuru asked, making sure to stop Diablo from speaking any
further.
"Demon Lord Rimuru, in exchange for you giving me a body and a name, I wish to become your
subordinate." she said. Some people in their world looked at the demoness in shock.
"Oi! What the hell is going on, White? That's not like you." Guy Crimson asked her.
"I just think it would be interesting. I may be a prideful being, but for so long as I find it interesting, I'm
fine with shelving my pride. After all, he is in need of more personnel, and he can give away names and
bodies to Primordials with no apparent consequences to himself, so I think this is a good deal for
everyone involved." she said.
"You're upsetting the balance of power in the world that I'M maintaining, Blanc! You can't do this!" he
said.
"Oh, but I can do whatever I want, Guy Crimson. In fact, shouldn't you be jumping for joy that one of
your pawns in your little game will gain more power?" Blanc replied pointedly, causing Guy to go quiet
for a moment before sighing.
"You're not wrong, but I have a duty, you know?" he said. "Fine, I'll allow it. I'm just going to pay extra
attention to the other two so they don't do anything stupid."
"Really, Red?" Jaune replied.
"Just leave it be." Violet said.
"So, uhh, I have a lot of questions about that "game" Guy's talking about, but I'm sure that we'll find the
answer to that later. For now, a body and a name, huh? I can give you a name right now, but I don't have
resources on hand for a body, at least not something worthy of her power at least." Rimuru said. "I mean,
I'm not just going to give a regular magisteel body to a Primordial, that's just rude."
"I appreciate it, Demon Lord Ri- I mean, Rimuru-sama." Blanc said. "I can be patient about the body,
since it is understandable that we cannot acquire it due to circumstances. Just a name will be fine for
now."
"Sure! For the name..." Rimuru began to think for a few seconds, before coming up with an answer.
"Testarossa. That's going to be your name!"
"Testarossa..." she murmured but then nodded to herself as she began to glow in power. "You have my
gratitude and loyalty, Rimuru-sama."
"Okay! Now then, will you accept becoming my representative in the Western Council?" Rimuru said,
getting straight to the point.
"I'll gladly accept. I will make sure not to disappoint you." she said with a smile.
"I'll be watching you, Testarossa." Diablo said, but she simply chuckled.

"Oh my, we are colleagues now, Diablo. There's no need to be so hostile." she replied.
"Really? Testarossa? Come to think of it, Diablo is also the name of a car... Lamborghini Diablo, I think?
Now it's Ferrari." Touya muttered.
"We're changing stuff already, huh?" Rudeus remarked.
As they settled this, it was time for the Return world to be the one to discuss things.
"We still don't know the extent of the Witch Cult's attack on Priestella, nor do we not know the full
capabilities of the Sin Archbishops besides Gluttony. We do know that our forces in Priestella includes
our camp, the Anastasia camp, and the Emilia camp. Based on the information we all currently have, I
believe we are quite overstretched." Reinhard said.
"If it turns out that our camp doesn't go to Priestella in the original timeline, we will endeavor to go there
to assist against the Witch Cult." Crusch declared, earning nods from both Felix and Wilhelm.
"I'll also make sure that we're there to assist as well if we don't appear there in the original timeline." Al
said as well.
"Once we get information on all of the Archbishops, then we can formulate a much more optimized plan
for the future." Subaru said, earning nods from his world.
The Realist world was the one to talk next.
"The Ooyamizuchi, huh? I'm going to be trusting you with helping me on this one, Ichiha." Souma said
to the bespectacled boy near him, startling him.
"M-Me, Your Majesty?!" he said.
"I mean, this is your expertise, Ichiha. Studying monsters. I'm sure that you'll play a huge role in
defeating the monster."
"I-I..." the boy stammered, but the girl beside him, Tomoe, patted him on the back.
"Don't worry, Ichiha! I know you can do it!" she said with a bright smile.
"I thank you once again for your assistance, King Souma." Shabon said.
"It's fine. Ooyamizuchi is an actual problem anyway. We have no problems helping you." Souma
responded to her.
Soon enough, their discussions had ended, and the break finished, leading to Everlasting announcing
again.
"Well then, everyone! The short break has ended, and so the viewing will continue once more." they
declared. "From the Overlord world, "Sorcerer Kingdom, Ainz Ooal Gown"!"
*****
When Albedo entered the room, she breathed in deeply.
Unfortunately, there was no scent left behind to tickle her nostrils. Of course there wasn't. Her beloved
master's body performed no metabolic processes, and he didn't even breathe, so how could he leave
behind an odor?
"What?" - Subaru

"This is... uh..." - Rimuru
But she could sense his smell-with her heart.
When she inhaled air from a room her master had been in, it put her heart at ease.
That's what it's like to be a maiden in love.
"I'm pretty sure it doesn't..." - Subaru
"She really wants Ainz." - Rudeus
"She is something else." - Teacher
But it is the sign of a maiden in love... - Rem
As Albedo explored Ainz's room, she began to giggle and frolic around Ainz's bed, enjoying the
moment. However, she can only take a break for so long, since she now has work to do.
I couldn't help but be frustrated internally. Because of me, Albedo is acting like this. This did make me
realize something, though.
Is Albedo the reason why my bed is always scented? Should I... try to stop her or something? I mean, I'm
now really used to my beds smelling good...
Ever since they had taken over E-Rantel and established the Sorcerer Kingdom, her workload has
increased dramatically. Since the bureaucrats that worked in E-Rantel had fled to the Kingdom, it
was now up to them to fill these empty spots with undead. However, that meant that Albedo had to
teach these undead about what to do in those sorts of roles, which meant that she had a lot to do.
Needless to say, all of us was surprised, despite us knowing that this is from the future.
Nazarick has already taken over E-Rantel? How far in the future is this?
"Our plans have now come to a fruition, I see." - Demiurge
"It looks like Ainz-sama has already given the world a taste of his greatness!" - Shalltear
"We are now one step closer to our ultimate goal!" - Demiurge
She wasn't going to complain, however. It pleases everyone in Nazarick to be in service to their
master, so all of this work was more of a reward for all of them.
All of this did make her wonder something though: what was the direction Ainz Ooal Gown had
planned for his kingdom?
"That is a very important question to have." - Souma
"Yeah. A new nation needs to establish this if they want to last long." - Rimuru
I already knew what I wanted for Tempest when it was established. What about you, Ainz? - Rimuru
"What I want for my country, hm?"
What do I want for this country and Nazarick, besides just spreading my name and hopefully finding my
friends?

The laws and policies that a kingdom will implement will depend on what kind of nation the
sovereign is trying to build. It is vital that the country had a vision for what it wants as a state or
else it would never really begin.
Albedo was confused as to why Ainz has not decided on anything yet. It frustrated her that, despite
her brilliance, her intelligence and wisdom can hardly be compared to her master's unparalleled
mind. It was a frustration that she shared with Demiurge.
Every time I hear any praise of my intellect, I just shrink on myself further and further. Eventually, the
theater is going to expose me, and I just want to hope that it ends well for all of us when it does.
This will all be worth it.
No matter what shape Ainz's country will take, Albedo resolved to be by her master's side and
abide by his decisions.
Meanwhile, we go to Ainz's room, and he was currently laying in his bed reading a book. Since he
was an undead, he never needed sleep, nor could he actually sleep, so he spends his nights doing
this instead. There was no need for this normally, since he only does this briefly whenever the
remnants of his humanity pled mental exhaustion, but there are times when he does lie in bed, like
when he is reading.
"Wait, so you can't sleep?" - Rimuru
"No, I cannot."
"Not even like simulate sleeping?" - Rimuru
"Unfortunately not."
"That... sucks, to be honest. You don't have an item in Nazarick that can try and do that for you?" Rimuru
"We didn't really need to sleep in-game, so there was no need for such an item. To be honest though, I
wish there is such an item that exists..."
"Ainz-sama! Give us the order and we will do whatever we can to create such an item for you!" Demiurge
"I'll leave it all to you, then."
"Understood." - Demiurge
After seeing that the sun was coming up soon, he decided to end his reading and turned to look at
the corner of the room without turning his head. There, in the corner of the room, was one of the
many normal maids in Nazarick.
The maid stared at him unceasingly, something that made the Suzuki Satoru in him uncomfortable.
While he knew that the maid wanted nothing more than to assist him, it was not something that he
was used to.
"How should we fix this issue, Ainz-sama?" - Albedo
They all winced at hearing my thoughts on it, probably because they can relate to the maid's desires as a
denizen of Nazarick. After thinking about it for a few moments, I nodded my head.

"We should implement a system where the maid stays outside of the room and will only enter the room
when called upon by me. I do appreciate my solitude, after all. If you are worried about any form of
intruders teleporting directly into my room, then al you need to do is to prevent such a scenario from
happening."
While it is definitely embarrassing, I have to abide by the wishes of my subordinates to serve me, so this
is a compromise.
"Understood, Ainz-sama! We will abide by your wishes." - Albedo
Ainz is the absolute ruler of Nazarick, so if he told the servant to stop, she would. However,
knowing how she may possibly react to such an order made him not want to do it.
Imagine how rough it would be being an absolute ruler when you really don't want to. I kinda feel bad for
him. - Rimuru
As soon as he had arrived in the world, he had already begun his adventuring as Momon, so this
was the first time that he was being served by the maids, which is why they were so eager to serve
him. It was all new to Ainz, and it was an experience that he frankly didn't think he would
experience in his life.
How... fascinating to hear his thoughts. This will surely provide us with a greater understanding of Ainzsama as an individual. - Demiurge
So this is the struggle of being a ruler... There's the work to maintain Nazarick, planning for the
organization's future, and living up to my subordinates' expectations. I sure do admire people at the
top. No wonder they get paid so much.
He then decided to get up from the bed and inform the maid of this, which made them leave and
inform the next maid of their duties.
Ainz dismissed her in a disinterested way, something that Ainz found arrogant, but apparently,
that's how his subordinates liked it, so he did simply as they wished. He felt that this was how the
Sorcerer King should conduct himself, and he also took some examples from the ruler of the
empire, Jircniv Rune Farlord El Nix, who acted the same way.
"Which empire is being referred to here?"
"It is most certainly the Baharuth Empire, my lord." - Demiurge
"So we had already made contact with them at this time, huh? Make sure to note that down, Demiurge."
"Understood." - Demiurge
Still, it was strange to Ainz, or rather Satoru Suzuki, not to express any form of appreciation for a
job well done.
Ainz had told the maid to get some rest, but the maid simply said there was no need for such a
thing, given that she had the Ring of Sustenance on.
In truth, Ainz just felt extremely uncomfortable letting the maid sit down and stare at him for an
entire night.
Unlike when he had first arrived there, Ainz was now assured that none of the denizens of
Nazarick would ever betray him. However, now he has a new problem, which is that he felt lonely.

The guardians looked shocked at this. Their expressions had said it all.
"Ainz-sama... is lonely?" - Albedo
This... needs to be remedied! I will find a way to remedy this! - Albedo
In truth, he just wanted to have an equal relationship with the NPCs. A relationship where he can
just be honest about what his thoughts and not be stressed at all. However, it would be too
dangerous to change the system too much. If they wished for it, then it was his job as their master
to maintain this relationship of master and subordinate.
This time, I could tell that they were even more shocked by this revelation. The rest of the theater didn't
comment on anything, probably waiting to see how they'll react.
Ainz-sama... wants an equal relationship with us? But that's preposterous! We are created to serve the
Supreme Beings! It would be utmost heresy of us to even consider it. And yet, that is what Ainz-sama
wants, and it would be even more blasphemous of us to not follow his wishes... What should we do? Albedo
"Guardians, this is hardly the time to address this matter. We shall do so later." - Ainz
I guess I'm leaving the complicated stuff for later, but I really don't have a choice, do I?
After the maid had left, Ainz had replaced the book he had been reading with another book with a
complicated name. To him, it would be embarrassing if he was found reading the book he had been
reading earlier, but he wanted to read something entertaining for the whole night, so he decided to
do this sort of thing every time the maid switches duties.
The guardians raised their eyebrows in confusion, probably not knowing why I was doing such a thing. I
know that the smarter individuals will definitely figure it out sooner, but for now, I can relax.
Eventually the next maid, who was named Fith, entered the door and greeted Ainz with politeness.
Unlike the Pleiades battle maids, the normal maids of Nazarick wear the exact same uniform due
to a member's obsession with maid costumes, causing Ainz to reminisce fondly of the memories.
Soon after that, both Ainz and Fith headed out of his room. He was currently living in the former
mayor's manor in the city, which is something that the guardians were all vehemently opposed by.
However, Ainz thought that it would be better if the ruler of the country lived nearby his citizens,
so he chose to move there regardless.
"And I will stand by that choice." - Ainz
After that, Fith decided to ask Ainz about what he would wear today, and Ainz internally sighed.
Just like sleeping, there was no need for Ainz to change his clothes. After all, they never get dirty,
nor do they even get slightly wrinkled. However, it would be a poor showing for the ruler to wear
the same clothes every day, so it is necessary for him to change his clothes in order to maintain his
prestige.
"At least you're just bones. You won't have to be too embarrassed about being naked in front of a lady." Touya
"You're lucky you're not being treated as a dress-up doll." - Rimuru
That was a lot of bitterness in your voice there, Rimuru. Are you okay?

There was another problem with this, however. Ainz had virtually little fashion sense. While he
knew some basics, he was practically clueless everywhere else. With his image on the line, he can't
be careless in choosing his outfit, since that would be betraying his subordinates that are doing
everything they could. In short, he had to do his best even in matters like clothing.
Unfortunately, none of his subordinates did not have any courage to criticize him on his clothing, so
he couldn't really try to choose his clothes on his own.
That led to this arrangement.
"Ainz-sama, there is no need for you to be so worried about trivial things like clothing. We will handle it
as your faithful servants." - Sebas
"I appreciate it."
After the maids had dressed Ainz up, he headed into his office and prepared himself for his work.
He entered his office, then greeted Albedo and the elder liches who had come to him to review the
necessary paperwork.
Ainz, having only been an ordinary employee as Suzuki Satoru, never felt confident in running a
nation. Considering that he was an absolute ruler, there would be dire consequences if he ever
made a mistake.
"There is no way Ainz-sama will ever make a mistake!" - Shalltear
"That's right, why would he think like that?" - Aura
I see. I understand now. There is no denying it anymore. Ainz-sama... is not as intelligent or wise as we
portrayed him to be. - Albedo
I could see Albedo smiling, a serene yet beautiful smile that I rarely see from her. It was like she was at
peace.
Somehow, I don't feel disappointed. I feel... relieved. I am relieved that he is not as far away to us as I
thought he is. He is not an unfathomable being. He must have been so weighed down by our expectations,
and yet he still managed to stay with us, to try and impress us. - Albedo
The cause... is most assuredly Suzuki Satoru, the human Ainz-sama once was. If he wasn't there, I know
that Momonga-sama would have left us. He wouldn't have cared for us at all. That would have been... a
hell that we would not want to endure. In the end, it was a human who had allowed us all to serve him
with all of our hearts. It was a human that prevented Ainz-sama from leaving us. - Albedo
The irony... is not lost on me. I look down on humans, and yet it was a human who allowed us to serve the
last Supreme Being. I will need to discuss this with Ainz-sama and Demiurge later. - Albedo
Considering all of that, Ainz landed on a simple answer - delegate matters to someone who had the
ability to do it. The only thing he did now is to review all of the papers and important documents.
Unfortunately, he was extremely confused by all of the complicated jargon in the documents, so he
simply left it all to Albedo. Albedo said that Ainz could have handled these by himself, but Ainz
deflected it by saying that he really had no idea, to which Albedo replied that he was coming from
the perspective of an absolute ruler that was unbound by legislation. Ainz felt like Albedo
misunderstood something with that, but he simply let it go for now.

I could see most of my subordinates being terribly confused at everything I was saying in my mind.
However, Albedo didn't look confused at all, and in fact, she giggled cheerfully.
She knows. She definitely knows. I'll just have to handle it when the time comes.
If I had any hairs, I'm sure that they would all be greying already.
After they're done with this process, it became time for Ainz and Albedo to review proposals and
suggestions from various denizens of Nazarick done anonymously.
This was Ainz's idea. If he had suggested something directly, every one of his subordinates will just
accept it as an order regardless of how much they were dissatisfied by it. Because of this, he
decided to use this system of anonymous suggestions and proposals in order to not only get a fair
assessment of these proposals, but also so that his competence was not put into doubt by his
subordinates.
"An anonymous proposal system... Indeed, this could work." - Demiurge
"Do you think we should apply this system sooner, Demiurge?"
"I humbly request that you implement this system once we are more established in the world, my lord." Demiurge
"Then I shall agree to your request."
"You have my gratitude, Ainz-sama." - Demiurge
The first proposal they went through for that day was the education of children within the Sorcerer
Kingdom in order to a future increase in Nazarick's power. Both Ainz and Albedo knew that it was
probably Yuri Alpha who had suggested it.
Albedo didn't like the plan, stating that this plan may lead to Nazarick's secrets leaking to the
public, and eventually other countries, due to them teaching their secrets. Ainz agreed, however, he
did want Nazarick's power to increase like what Yuri Alpha said. In the end, they settled on a
compromise: Ainz will build an orphanage in his name that will teach those children about general
knowledge and only teach them about Nazarick's secrets only if they were extraordinarily loyal
and promising. They also thought of hiring the widows of the men who died in the war so that they
may be saved from their poverty.
"Thank you for agreeing to my request in the future, Ainz-sama." - Yuri
"No need for that. I simply saw the merits in the proposal and came to a compromise. However, we will
not be accepting this proposal right now. Maybe later."
"Yes, my lord!" - Yuri
"War, huh? I guess him establishing his kingdom was not at all bloodless." - Souma
"That's a shame, but that is just how the world works." - Rio
After that, Ainz proposed to let Pestonia and Nigredo be released from their disciplinary
confinement. Naturally, Albedo was displeased by it, stating that they shouldn't be shown leniency
for disobeying Ainz, but Ainz argued that they didn't disobey his orders at all. After some arguing,
Albedo relented, and Ainz hired them to manage the orphanage.

"Before any of you say anything, we shall see what they had committed first before delivering my
judgement to them."
The guardians simply agreed to my orders as always.
After that, another proposal came up, which stated that they should wear uniforms in order to
show their solidarity. The plan was immediately rejected by Albedo, angered that such a trashy
proposal had came through, and wanted to find out whoever had suggested this plan.
Said trashy proposal was Ainz's idea.
Albedo gasped out loud.
"My sincere apologie-" - Albedo
"There is no need for that, Albedo. This is the exact reason why I wanted it to be anonymous in the first
place. I want an objective perspective."
"B-But..." - Albedo
"I do not think very highly of the proposal of my older self either. We must ensure fairness and
anonymity within this system. This is fine by me."
"U-Undersood, Ainz-sama." - Albedo
After calming down Albedo's anger, Ainz said that he needed to hear a diverse range of proposals
from the different beings who reside in Nazarick, and listen to them all no matter what, so if they
rebuked them here, then it's possible that they may not try to suggest anything at all, and that
wouldn't be so productive. Ainz just ordered her to forget about this, and she did.
It does hurt having my proposal be called trashy, but it's not like I can change that.
I'll try to do better next time.
Albedo suggested that she screen the proposals, but then he said that there would be no point in
these joint meetings if she did that. Albedo excitedly agreed with her wings fluttering, causing the
eight-edged assassins to go on edge.
"I feel like there's something a lot more going on there..." - Rimuru
"They looked too tense for something so mundane as Lady Albedo being excited." - Lugh
"Something probably happened before this, right?" - Touya
"Most likely." - Lugh
I don't like the sound of that...
As they tried to continue, a knock was heard on the door. It was the dark elf twins, Aura and Mare.
The two approached Ainz and immediately requested to sit on Ainz's lap, much to Albedo's
chagrin.
He then asked what they were doing there.
The two of them had been assigned jobs, like taking care of the fake Nazarick base and their
supplies in the Tove Woodlands, so he was curious about it.

"You want to mislead people, or something?" - Rimuru
"That is the plan for this base, yes. Though it looks like we've found other uses for it.
They simply said that the two had missed Ainz and wanted to accompany him for a while. This
induced a sort of jealousy with Albedo, causing an incident where she also sat down on Ainz's lap,
creating an awkward situation.
People couldn't speak as they felt the sheer awkwardness of the situation, while I simply sighed.
I really need to talk to her about all of this.
After this, Ainz inquired about the slave elves that had accompanied the thieves of Nazarick which
they had spared due to them being unwilling participants. Aura said that they were left in their
floor for now but was annoyed by their constant attempts to take care of them. This did give Ainz
the idea of exploring the elven country in hopes of giving the both of them new friends to hang out
with because they seemed so lonely.
"Thieves? Trampling their dirty feet in my sanctuary?"
People all around me winced as they felt my incandescent rage. This time, there was no emotional
suppressor to calm me down.
"How dare they?!"
"Ainz-sama! Please calm yourself!" - Albedo
It looks like my anger was intense enough that people started pulling out their weapons, like Rimuru with
his sword and Touya with his... gunblade?
"Please, Ainz-sama. I am sure that our future-selves have dealt out the appropriate punishment against
these filthy intruders!" - Demiurge
Their words of reassurance did calm me down enough to lower the tension of the theater.
"Damn, that was crazy." - Rimuru
"He got really pissed off." - Touya
"I don't know if I would want to see what punishment they did to those thieves." - Rudeus
Their discussion eventually led to the issue of supply shortages within the Kingdom due to the lack
of merchants coming to the city. Ainz had vehemently denied using military force against their
neighbors to solve this problem due to the unstable diplomatic situation. And so, Ainz simply
resolved to let Demiurge do his thing.
"I will make sure not to fail you, Ainz-sama." - Demiurge
"I have faith in you."
Albedo also asked Ainz for permission to send her to the royal capital in order to get their schemes
moving, which Ainz was reluctant by since the city was fully not under his control yet. When Ainz
asked who he was going to have manage the city, Albedo suggested Pandora's Actor.
"I have faith that you will succeed, Albedo."

"Thank you, Ainz-sama."
"It looks like my creator will be needing me!" - Pandora's Actor
Thankfully, it looks like Pandora's Actor's mannerisms were less exaggerated here. Having all of these
people see how he acts would be... even more embarrassing than it already was.
I do wonder how my friends would feel seeing their own creations like this. Would they be proud, or
would they be just as embarrassed as I am?
"Him?"
"As you created him, Lord Ainz, he's a highly valuable asset. The apple realy doesn't fall far from the
tree - do excuse me. I didn't mean to imply that we are like your children simply because you and the
other Supreme Beings created us. Please forgive my rudeness."
"But I do consider all of you as my children."
My statement caused a ripple of shock amongst the NPCs, but eventually, they all looked at me with a
mix of awe and warmth.
Well, except for Albedo, who was looking at me with a much more complicated expression, though not
necessarily negative. I glanced at her, giving her a look that indicated that we would have a long talk
later.
Ainz was bewildered and blinked furiously at the unexpected apology - that is, the sparkle of the red
points of light in his eyes dimmed.
"You don't need to apologize. He is, well, my child... Sorry it's not as if I dislike him, but he is an
incompetent child... No, I don't mean he's bad or anything like that... Agh, what the heck. He is like a
child, yes."
Pandora's Actor looked at me with an expression of sadness, even if it wasn't obvious with his face. I
want to reassure him that I didn't dislike him, but I did not do it now.
There really is much to talk about.
They then talked about Ainz's brilliant plan to use Momon as a way to build trust within the
inhabitants of the city. It allowed them to create a scenario where they can bloodlessly take over the
city without having to result to fear tactics. Eventually, they planned to take him out of the picture
as they slowly build trust within the citizens on their own.
...What? What are they talking about?
"Momon?" - Rimuru
"Albedo, explain it for everyone here."
"I shall." - Albedo
And so, she explained this plan that I apparently had about Momon, which boiled down to me using
Momon as a heroic figure that can pacify the citizens when we eventually created our own country and
took over a city. He would become our... puppet, so to speak, that will prevent any bloodshed from
happening. Since the citizens trust Momon, they wouldn't dare revolt to me.
It was definitely a solid plan, an impressive plan even, but it was NOT my plan.

Seriously, they truly believed I can come up with a plan that complex? Yeah... they probably do. And now,
most of these people would have the same impression of me! This is too much!
There's something off about this. Why didn't Ainz just explain it himself if it was his plan? Is he just lazy?
No, he doesn't give me that impression. What could it be? - Lugh
"All right. Albedo, leave things up to Pandora's Actor, and once you're done with all your
preparations and handoffs, go harvesting. Is there anything you'd like to request to get you started?"
"Understood. Well, I suppose while I'm there I'd like to meet with the human king and negotiate some
things. I'll draft my proposal, so could I trouble you for a review?"
"Sure. Bring it over later."
He was confident that if it was Albedo's plan, all he would have to do was give it his stamp of approval.
"You flatter me, Ainz-sama." - Albedo
"No, I do not. I simply have full confidence of your talents.
"Also, this is somewhat awkward to ask for, but could I have a few outifts to wear? I think I'll need to
change while I'm there."
"I see. Then I'll give you some things from my collection. Come by in a bit. By the way, is Demiurge-?
Ah, never mind. It's fine. Shall we move on to the next item...? Since you two are here, I might as well
ask your opinions, too."
I wonder what he wanted from me here... We'll just have to see later. - Demiurge
After they finished, Ainz went out of the city along with Fith and the eight-edged assassins to visit
Pandora's Actor. They stumbled upon Momon's pet, Hamusuke who was with her death knight
sparring partner, then asked her about Pandora's Actor's location. She said that he was just in
Momon's second house, so Ainz went there to check on him.
"Was that... a giant hamster?" - Subaru
"That is a giant hamster with a tail." - Rimuru
"That is a stupidly giant hamster with a weird tail and... Eris, behave yourself." - Rudeus
Eris was looking at Hamusuke with sparkles in her eyes.
"But it's so cuddly!" - Eris
"Why do you have a pet giant hamster, Ainz?" - Rimuru
"Long story."
"And it's sparring with an undead. Somehow, I can't even say I've seen crazier things." - Touya
Once he arrived, the two of them met and began to talk. Ainz still felt keenly embarrassed about
Pandora's Actor's mannerisms but suppressed that thought for now.
When Ainz asked if he had any problems, Pandora's Actor first began to complain about not
having access to the treasury, which made Ainz remember his backstory about enjoying the

caretaking and keeping of magic items since his job was in the Treasury. Since he hadn't been
allowed in the Treasury, Ainz made Shalltear give him a ring.
"My apologies for that, Pandora's Actor."
"There is no need to apologize, Ainz-sama! I am sure that circumstances in the future is quite tumultuous
for this to happen!" - Pandora's Actor
"It must be so."
It was then that Ainz told him that children should surpass their creators, so he should outgrow
some of the traits that he had given him, such as the exaggerated gestures and unnecessary
German. Pandora's Actor felt touched that Ainz viewed him as his child, and swore that he would
do whatever he could for him. The overlord made them all swear not to speak of this conversation
to everyone.
"Too late now." - Rimuru
"I know that."
Somehow, I could see Pandora's Actor tearing up, despite not having any tear ducts, at me allowing him
to call me his father. The other NPCs look at him with jealousy, but did not say anything besides that.
Pandora's Actor then asked him about how he would lead the Sorcerer Kingdom. What kind of
nation was he trying to build? It was a question that gave Ainz pause, and he began to think about
it.
It is something that I need to think about, though the screen may provide my answers for me. We'll see.
Fortunately, my wish was granted almost immediately.
Ainz went outside and took a walk around the city while being escorted by angels that he
summoned, even going so far as to order them to protect Fith as well. As he walked, he pondered
about what kind of country he wants the Sorcerer Kingdom to become.
"Shouldn't there be any penalties for that?" - Rimuru
"There should be, but with someone with as much resources as I did, it was not hard to find items that
can mitigate said penalties."
"I see." - Rimuru
He didn't like how lifeless the town looked, but due the fear of the citizens, it was inevitable.
In the end, along with Nazarick's world conquest plan, he had decided on the shape his country
will take: a country where every race in the world can live in peace and harmony together under
his rule. A country where there will be eternal prosperity and everyone can coexist with one
another.
I see. This is it. This is what I want for my nation. An unending paradise. It was so obvious.
It is a dream that I know will make my friends proud.
"What an ambitious dream, Ainz Ooal Gown." - Guy Crimson

"Once I become queen, this is what will happen to Lugunica as well, though without the undead." Emilia
"We are more similar than I thought, Ainz. I must say, though. World conquest, really?" - Rimuru
"It is, frankly, a complicated topic."
Many were surprised that we had such a goal, but I can sense that they would all want to discuss it more
later during the short break.
As someone who is immortal, he felt that he could pull this plan off. While Demiurge and Albedo
leads the guardians to take the world by force, he will be attracting the world with sweet nectar. A
promise of a paradise under his rulership.
All of the guardians had a smile on their face as they heard what I had planned for the world at large.
Truthfully, I was feeling quite excited as well.
Ruling by overwhelming attraction. This is the kind of rule Ainz wants for his country.
*****
"Ah, it is pleasing to learn what Ainz-sama plans to do in the future." Demiurge said as the episode
ended.
"That was a lot more peaceful than I thought it would be." Rimuru said.
Momon being used to pacify people in E- Rantel , huh? That was not even what I wanted to do! I just
wanted to have fun! That doesn't mean I can't see the merit to the plan. I would have to think about it
later.
"Well then, now that this part is over, it's time for the Quagmire world to be shown! "Rudeus's Diary and
One Job Among Many"!" the Everlasting announced.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

The first Overlord chapter for reaction proper! I kinda got lucky that I got something very peaceful
from Overlord in the beginning, because it will just get worse for Ainz here. In all honesty, I want
you guys to be prepared for a longer time between updates whenever I get Overlord, because the
amount of detail in those novels is very hard to sift through. I honestly do not know which to include
and which to just skip over, which makes it take a lot longer to transcribe. I had to cut stuff out, and
even cut the chapter in half!
Anyway, I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and thank you for reading!

Chapter 19: 1st Cycle Chapter 5: What It Means To Be The Right Hand
Chapter Summary

Rudeus and his friends are also shown a small glimpse into the future, as well as what he would be
doing normally at the time.
While some things change, some things just stay the same.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Rudeus' POV
I wonder why that title is what it is. If it's not the old man's diary, is it the diary I'm writing right now in
the future? That means we may get a small glimpse of the overall events of the future up to that point.
That will be interesting to see.
"Hey, Rudeus, why were you so afraid of that diary earlier?" Cliff asked. I was about to answer, but
thankfully, Nanahoshi answered for me.
"Because what's written in there is horrible. If I was in Rudeus's shoes, I wouldn't want anyone reading
about it either." she said.
"Do you think the Theater will show it, Nanahoshi?" Sylphie asked.
"Definitely." she replied, causing me to sigh in resignation.
I guess I'll just have to prepare myself when that time comes.
Even after I've fully sided with Orsted and has resolved everything about that situation, preventing the
events of the diary from happening, I couldn't help but think back to it. It's been stuck in my mind still,
and I'm pretty sure I'm going to be stuck on it for a really long time.
When we ever get to that part, I'm sure that it's going to be painful. Really, really painful for everyone
involved. Seeing me descend into debauchery like that, turning into an even worse degenerate than I
already am, would be horrible to see.
My mind especially drifted to two people, Roxy and Eris.
Eris, even after all of that time, loves me. She loves me so dearly that she went to the Sword Sanctum on
her own to train and catch up to my power. To be honest, I still couldn't believe that that was what she
actually meant all this time. I thought she was leaving me because she didn't love me, because I was
pathetic. It turns out she left because she thought she was the pathetic one, and strove to change that.
In the diary, she tried desperately to reunite with me. Even after all the horrible things I've done, all she
wanted was to be together with me. It was a sobering realization, to think that she still loved me like that
after all that time. The moment this comes up, I'm going to have to talk to Eris in depth about it, for both
of our sakes.

However, the one I'm most concerned about was Roxy. The one who's death has incited everything that
happened in that timeline. I have prevented that now, but I still have my fears that it can happen another
way. After all, Man-God is patient and persistent, so he could still have something devious planned for us
even after having avoided the tragedy of the diary.
Wait, now that I think about it...
"Hey, Everlasting, I have a question." I asked, causing them to raise their eyebrows.
"What is it?" they asked.
"I know that time is stopped for our worlds, so when we go back, not a single second has passed from
when we were summoned. However, I still have a concern in mind. Is time stopped for us?"
"What do you mean?"
"You know what I mean, Everlasting. If we're staying here for a long time, some of us humans here is
definitely going to age, and wouldn't that be unnatural?" I asked, to which they responded by chuckling.
"You say that as if you're staying long enough for you to visibly age. There's no need to worry about that.
Despite everything that may happen to your bodies in the theater, like any injuries from sparring, will be
restored to your initial states in the Theater unless I say so." the Everlasting explained. "However, that's
not what you're asking about, isn't it? You're asking about your pregnant wife."
"WHAT?!" most of the theater gasped as they heard that revelation, while Roxy glanced at me in shock,
apparently not having thought about it herself.
"Roxy is pregnant with my child. I would like to know whether I need to be prepared for her to give birth
here."
"Don't worry. The baby will stay like that until you leave the Theater, then it'll grow normally. You don't
have to worry about childbirth or anything like that here." they said, and I sighed with relief.
Meanwhile, everyone else was congratulating her on her pregnancy.
"Congratulations, Roxy-san!" Subaru said
"Indeed, congratulations." Ainz said.
"Congratulations!" Satsuki said.
"That is great news, that is." Yae also chimed in.
"Thank you to you all." Roxy said.
With my worries being somewhat alleviated, the episode began.
*****
The episode begins with Rudeus writing in his diary as a letter to Paul.
"Ah!"
"So that's why the title is Rudeus's diary." - Subaru
"Wait, since this is the future..." - Roxy

"It looks like we'll have a convenient look at our future." - Ariel
It's a lot tamer than I thought... I hope.
It has been half a year ever since the chaotic events of the Asura Kingdom has transpired. He was
twenty now, and his sisters will soon turn fourteen.
"Hm, the chaotic events of the Asura Kingdom, hm?" - Ariel
"It looks like we finally made our stand, Princess Ariel." - Sylphie
Since we're just making our preparations about the Asura Kingdom now, this means that the events in
this diary is relatively close to our time.
During this time, he had continued training under Orsted while attending to any work that he gives
him. Orsted, having lived for as long as he had, knows a lot of things and now he's teaching them to
Rudeus. However, due to him being a genius, he wasn't very good at teaching people.
I nodded, expecting that I was going to be taught by Orsted like this.
Not being good at teaching because he's a genius, huh? I honestly expected him to be able to know how
to teach due to his many loops. To be fair, though, considering his curse, he probably wouldn't able to
teach anyone before me and Nanahoshi came in.
"Haha! My son is being taught by one of the Seven Great Powers! I'm so proud!" - Paul
"Seven Great Powers?" - Souma
"They are the seven most powerful people in our world that was declared by the Technique God to be the
most powerful in our world after the Second Human-Demon War. They're ranked based on power." Orsted
"Sounds like one of those cliche groups in games where you defeat each one to become the strongest..." Subaru
"Who are they?" - Rimuru
"By order of strength in descending order, Technique God, Dragon God, Fighting God, Demon God,
Death God, Sword God and the North God."
"Ahh." - Rimuru
Rudeus suspected that part of it was because he wasn't a very good student, thinking that there was
no way he can understand everything in an instant. While he had used his otherworld knowledge to
great effect so far, it had been useless when it comes to learning Saint-tier and King-tier spells. An
example of this is when he tried learning Flashover, a saint-tier fire spell, where he tried to apply
his knowledge of a spell named Sizzle from a game called Dragon Quest, but Orsted was simply
puzzled by what he was trying to do.
"So sometimes otherworld knowledge doesn't work, huh?" - Nanahoshi
"Well, we can't always get it right every time."
Orsted also taught Rudeus combat strategies against various types of opponents. Due to the
amount of spells that he knows as well as his Eye of Foresight, Rudeus's best option while fighting
is to throw his opponents off-balance then corner them until he can land the finishing blow on

them. It was how he had fought so far, but he thought that being self-aware of it made the best
difference.
"Eye of Foresight?" - Lugh
"It's a Demon Eye. By applying mana into my eye, I can see a few seconds into the future."
"You basically have advanced observation haki!" - Subaru, Rimuru, Teacher
"Oh yeah! I did not think about that!"
He had applied those lessons during his sparring with Eris, as well as his lessons with Sylphie,
Norn, and Aisha so it would be ingrained in him. Due to his efforts in training, his fire, wind,
healing, and detoxification magic are now Saint-tier, while his divine magic was now Intermediatetier. Unfortunately, he was still unable to draw magic circles effectively, and he hadn't touched
summoning magic yet.
"You're Saint-tier in most elements at this point?!" - Cliff
"Rudy really is very talented..." - Roxy
"Truly splendid, Master!" - Zanoba
His work with Orsted was going well, but he hadn't done anything too big since the Asura
Kingdom. It was very small stuff, just helping out with people in various situations. While saving
them wouldn't mean anything now, these endeavors will help out Orsted immensely, like with a
dwarven thief he saved, whose son will be the future leader of the Assassin's Guild, and will
assassinate someone that will become a thorn on Orsted's side. Orsted could take care of this
threat, but that would mean that he would waste precious mana, something that he was conserving
for his fight against the Man-God .
Wait a second, that sounds suspiciously familiar... Don't tell me...! - Subaru
"Hey, can Orsted see the future? Or does he have a looping ability like mine?" - Subaru
Both me and Orsted (I think) were stunned that he figured it out so easily, but I think since he has
experience with it through his own time loop abilities, he was able to realize it. Many in the audience
realized this as well.
"You will see." - Orsted
Having lived through numerous time loops, Orsted knows the conditions necessary to prevail
against the Man-God. All they have to do now was fulfill the prerequisites to those conditions.
"Well, that answers my question!" - Subaru
Many felt absolutely bewildered by this, including people from our world, while some looked at him
curiously.
"If I may be so rude, how many times have you looped, Sir Orsted?" - Ariel
"I cannot answer that." - Orsted
Does the Everlasting consider that a spoiler? Probably, or maybe he really couldn't answer her, given
how many times he's looped.

Orsted and Rudeus actually works separately, with Orsted working on more important stuff than
Rudeus. Man-God considered them important, too, which is why he sent apostles after Orsted .
They only ever see either one or two at a time, and there was never a third one, so he was nervous
as to who it could be, and what kind of work they're doing behind the scenes.
"Man-God?" - Lugh
"Our hated enemy." - Me, Orsted
"Oof, that had a lot of venom in it." - Rimuru
"They must really hate that guy." - Luminous
"Why are you just facing his apostles, then?" - Teacher
"He's in a location that is very hard to reach right now. Currently, what we're doing is to make sure that
the future goes in our favor."
I spoke vaguely, since I assume that more of these details will be known in the theater eventually.
He was also wondering whether this was enough, and whether they should try attacking Man-God
directly, only for Orsted to say that according to his diary, the future that he was really trying to
change hasn't yet come to pass.
"The one Rudeus is scared for us to know?" - Eris
"Yep, that one."
"Wait, so it's a diary of yours that predicts the future?" - Souma
"Not exactly."
"Spoilers!" - Everlasting
Since they said that, nobody asked anymore, but I just know all of them are curious about it.
Rudeus suspected that their next big showdown with Man-God will involve Cliff. According to his
future diary, Rudeus had let him die, and he suspected that Man-God had something to do with it,
but he couldn't be sure.
Cliff was taken aback by the sudden prediction of his death, while Elinalise gasped in horror.
"I–" - Cliff
"It won't happen, Cliff."
I stared at him resolutely.
"I will not let it happen. No matter what."
He stared at me for a few seconds, before nodding silently and looking away.
"I'm dreading this diary now..." - Rio
"Same." - Rimuru
"You guys are not alone." - Subaru

"Rudy..." - Sylphie
That's what has been happening for him with work, he works for a month, go into the office to
make a report, spend two to three days with loved ones, then he waits for a new job.
Rudeus had finally achieved some of his plans, like improving his workspace for long-term use,
building an armory for his magical equipment and Magic Armor, as well as a basement containing
teleportation circles for transport all over the world, though five have only been activated, the one
at Asura Kingdom, the Holy Country of Millis , the Great Forest, the King Dragon Realm, and
the southern part of the Demon Continent.
"You just casually have teleportation circles in those places? I can't believe you, Rudy." - Zenith
"It's convenient, Mom!"
"You need to place very secure protections when you finally build this, Rudeus." - Cliff
"I will, I will. I know how bad it would be if that gets out."
"Magic Armor?" - Subaru
"You'll see."
After this, Rudeus talked about his family.
He started with his oldest daughter, Lucie Greyrat . She was now three years old and had learned
quite a bit of vocabulary. Sylphie had been teaching her Human Tongue and magic lately, so
Rudeus had guessed she would be a teacher-mom.
"Aww!"
Many of the girls cooed at the idea of our baby.
"A daughter, huh? Good luck." - Subaru
"Lucie? What a beautiful name!" - Rem
"It is a great name." - Liscia
He remarked that if she puts on some triangular glasses, their little lessons at night will heat up too.
The mood immediately switched to that of annoyance and exasperation.
"Of course! It didn't even take that long, huh?!" - Rimuru
"I guess some things never change." - Touya
"Hey, this is my diary! Nobody was supposed to read this! It's not my fault you guys are being exposed to
it now!"
Sylphie blushed considerably, but didn't say anything.
Maybe we should try that out later... - Sylphie
Rudeus was quite upset that Lucie doesn't readily recognize him due to him being gone at work for
long periods of time. It was heartbreaking for him, even if he knew that this was the path he took.

"Ugh! This just had to happen, huh?!"
"Yeah, that's gotta be rough." - Rimuru
"I feel bad for him..." - Souma
What should I do to change this? Should I try being with my kid more? But how would I do that with
Orsted's job to consider? Wait... could I try bringing Lucie here? Would that be fine, or would that just be
dangerous? I'm going to have to think about this with Sylphie later.
I noticed Sylphie looking sadly at me, so I indicated to her that we'll be talking about this later.
He also checked on whether what Man-God said about his descendants not being affected by
Orsted's curse is true, and it was. Lucie seemed unaffected by it, even playing with Orsted and
mistakenly calling him her father due to his hair, something that greatly annoyed Rudeus.
It confirmed that his descendants will indeed be fighting with Orsted against Man-God, something
that Orsted warned him not to take at face value.
"Sir Orsted's curse?" - Crusch
"Orsted has a curse that makes any living being irrationally fear him when they see his face."
"That's... so sad..." - Emilia
I, at least, can work hard to eliminate the hatred of the silver haired half-elves through normal means,
but to be cursed to be hated forever... - Emilia
"He must have led quite the lonely existence." - Julius
"That sucks." - Subaru
"So you're unaffected by this?" - Dia
"Because I'm an otherworlder. It doesn't work on Nanahoshi as well. It looks like his curse is erased in
the theater, though. like Rem-san's from Gluttony."
"I see." - Dia
"And this is supposedly extended to your descendants?" - Rio
"That's what I've been told, and it is shown to be true."
Orsted, despite not showing it, was quite happy whenever Lucie visits. Rudeus guessed that it was
simply because it was something new that Orsted had encountered after thousands of loops, as well
as the fact that he finds anyone attached to him endearing. Rudeus swore that he would make
every day of Orsted's life entertaining.
"...Thank you." - Orsted (whispering)
It was quiet, like a whisper. It was almost indiscernible that I was sure it was only because of the
Everlasting made me hear it. Nevertheless, I couldn't help but be surprised that he did say it, which I
think is a bit mean. The guy has feelings after all, he just didn't show them too much.
In the end though, I just had to respond.

"You're welcome." (whispering)
The next one was Roxy. She gave birth on a day where there was a blizzard. That day, Rudeus tried
reporting in for work, but Orsted simply told him to go back to his family for now and to report to
him later.
Back at home, Roxy was worried as to whether she would be able to give birth properly, something
that Rudeus thought was silly to worry about. He wondered whether it was the same with Zenith
when the two of them gave birth to me.
"Oh, trust me, they're the same! I had to reassure her a lot that it was going to be okay, given that she had
a difficult time carrying you." - Paul
I nearly flinched at that, given what I know now. If I hadn't reincarnated, Rudeus Greyrat would never
have existed. It was why Orsted didn't recognize me at first.
I just hope that they won't freak out too much when they find that fact out.
Oh, who am I kidding? They probably will.
Unfortunately, a problem did arise. The birth was not an easy one due to the baby's shoulder being
stuck in the birth canal. While they had no idea what caused it, Rudeus suspected that it was
because she gave birth to a half-human baby. After all, she was more than old enough to give birth
as a Migurd woman, but since she was giving birth to a half-human child, the baby was bigger
than a normal Migurd baby.
Roxy looked anxious, but I put my hand on her shoulder to reassure her. Both Sylphie and Eris did as
well.
"Don't worry, Roxy. You can do this, okay?" - Sylphie
"Y-Yeah... Yes, I can." - Roxy
"Is she going to be okay?" - Juna
"We all hope so." - Souma
"I'm sure it will be fine." - Rimuru
Fortunately, they managed to succeed due to their collective efforts, and both the baby and Roxy
managed to survive without any issue and without Roxy having to go through a C-section.
"C-section?" - Celia
"It's a method used by doctors when the normal delivery of a baby is risky to either the baby, the mother,
or both. I'm surprised it exists in that world, Rudeus." - Souma
"I mean, they have a different name for it. I just call it C-section. Since we have healing magic in this
world, it's not as risky of a procedure as it is in our world."
Meanwhile, a lot of the audience, including me and my three wives, were just relieved that she managed
to give birth safely.
The new baby was a girl, and Rudeus described her as having an impertinent face, as well as the
same hair as her mother's. Due to an agreement that both of them made, they named her Lara.

And so, Lara Greyrat was born.
"Lara..."
My baby was truly adorable, to be honest. I was almost brought to tears by her. Her appearance brings me
pride as a father.
Many people simply gave us their congratulations.
Elinalise had also given birth around the same time with Cliff's child, a boy named Clive.
Both Cliff and Elinalise were also both happy to see their child as well, removing all of the gloom
brought about by my prediction of his death earlier.
Elinalise's declaration of giving birth to an heir provoked one person: Eris. She worked with
Rudeus on their job, and upon hearing what Elinalise said, they began to go at it more often.
I winced and paled upon hearing this, while everyone else either groaned or blushed.
"We do not need to hear about this guy's sex life. Besides, there are kids here!" - Rimuru
"I automatically censor anything here that they don't need to hear, so don't worry about that!" Everlasting
"As I said, this is my diary! No one else besides me is supposed to read these! Blame Everlasting for
using this as a way to show the future!"
"You know that you can only use that excuse for so long, right?" - Subaru
"I know that..."
"I guess the girls who married Rudeus has to match his perversion to some extent..." - Cliff (whispering)
They were doing it so often that pregnancy should not have been a problem, and yet they were still
struggling to have a baby. It made Eris anxious and often consulted Sylphie about it.
"Could it be...?" - Lugh
"Hm, Lugh? What are you thinking?" - Dia
"I am thinking of the possibilities on why this problem is occuring, and I have a few theories." - Lugh
I'm honestly so confused why she isn't pregnant at this point.
"I'm sure you would be able to do it, Eris-chan!" - Zenith
She looked startled at my mother addressing her, but she quickly nodded.
"Y-Yes! I will!" - Eris
Come to think of it, this is the first time Eris has met Mom properly. At least both Sylphie and Roxy knew
her before the Dungeon.
Eris wondered whether they should have sex more often, something that terrified Rudeus. After all,
their nights were already too draining, anymore and he would shrivel like a prune. He then worked
hard to alleviate her worries.

"E-Eris, don't worry, okay? We can do this!"
People couldn't help but chuckle at my very worried tone.
"Man, how much is she draining you for you to sound that panicked?" - Touya
"Too much... Honestly, Touya, with the amount of fiancés you have, you desperately need some stamina.
Lots of it."
He blushed furiously along with his fiances, while Souma also looked anxious as well.
Okay, leaving aside my excuse that I was trying to allay her worries, I'd be a liar if I said I wasn't
turned on by the whole thing.
"Of course you are." - Rimuru
"We can expect nothing less from Rudeus at this point." - Ainz
"I can't believe I have met with such a lustful man." - Ram
Rudeus had heard at one point that Zenith had the same worries and wondered whether this was
what Paul did to reassure her. He remembered the two of them going at it like animals, which was
how Norn was conceived.
"I-I did not need to know that!" - Norn
My poor sister felt extremely embarrassed about this, but I reiterated what I had been saying since earlier.
"This is my diary. Nobody is supposed to read what I write there."
"Ugh..." - Norn
Meanwhile, I could see both my Mom and Dad blushing at this.
"Isn't it kinda... wrong for Rudeus to have heard all of that as a child?" - Subaru
"It does... but then again, considering where they lived originally, it was probably hard for Rudeus to
avoid hearing it. In fact, he's probably seeking them out." - Rimuru
"I will neither confirm nor deny that statement."
Finally, they managed to find the source of the problem: too much exercise. And so, after having
her cut back on her exercise, she finally managed to get pregnant.
"That's all it was?!"
Eris looked a little surprised that this was the reason for her lack of success with pregnancy.
"Shouldn't fetuses be resilient to things like that?" - Rimuru
"Yes, but intense enough exercise can prevent fertilization from even happening. Considering that Miss
Eris is a powerful swordsman, I'm not surprised that her training regimen is extreme enough to make this
happen." - Lugh
"I guess we now know what to do. However, we still don't know what happens before this six-month
period, so let's hold off on trying anything for the near future, Eris."

"Sure!" - Eris
I didn't think she'd agree so easily. Maybe it was her knowing that she will definitely get pregnant that
made her more patient about it. She really has changed a lot.
After that, he asked Ghislaine for advice on what to do to get Eris to chill down on the exercise
until after the baby was born. According to her, she was going to be busy guarding Ariel as she
consolidates her power as the new queen of the Asura Kingdom. If they ever visit the Asura
Kingdom, they'll definitely pay all of their loved ones there a visit.
Ariel suddenly stood up from her seat, her face filled with shock and joy. Both Sylphie and Luke were
also shocked at the sudden reveal.
"W-We did it!" - Sylphie
"I really don't want to celebrate until we see how it happens, but we really did it, huh?"
"A succession crisis? It's great that she has won, but I have a feeling that this is going to be messy." Souma
"As all succession crises are." - Liscia
When they discussed names, Eris seemed to only think about what they would name the baby as a
boy. She apparently never thought that it would be a girl, something that baffled Rudeus, so he
began to think of girl names. After all, he never cared about the baby's gender. He only cared
about their safety.
"It's going to be a boy, Rudeus!" - Eris
I sighed, knowing that there was no point in arguing with Eris about this.
Life had been fulfilling for Rudeus, despite its ups and downs.
Finally, he talked about Zenith's mental state. In short, they haven't made any progress in curing
it, though her emotions had been showing now. Even Orsted had not seen this before, which meant
that either the cure doesn't exist, or it is simply unknown to them, so Rudeus was prepared for the
long haul.
"What did happen to Zenith-san?" - Rem
"She lost her memories and her emotions, as well as her ability to speak."
My Mom looked saddened by the reminder. I didn't actually know what she was feeling during that time,
so maybe I can finally get some answers here.
"That's..." - Emilia
"Looks like I'm not the only one having a loved one experience something like this, huh?" - Subaru
Rudeus thought back to the time Paul scolded him for not prioritizing Zenith back at Millis , and
he apologized for not taking care of her recovery more.
"For so long as you remember to take care of your mother, it's okay, Rudy. You also have a life to live,
don't you?" - Paul
"Yeah... Don't worry, Dad. I will make sure to take care of Mom and protect her no matter what it takes."

With all of that done, Rudeus headed for work.
We switch to someone else's perspective, a girl named Angelique Curenttale, who lives in a village
in the western edge of the King Dragon Realm along with her hunter friend, Pham Haindora. The
two of them were currently heading deep into the forest to find a herb that will help cure the village
chief's son.
"Hm." - Orsted
"So what am I doing here?"
"You have to save both the village chief's son as well as the huntress Pham Haindora. Quite
straightforward." - Orsted
"I see."
As they were walking, they talked about their dreams and fantasies of marriage, with Angie
dreaming of being saved by a handsome man from danger and being swept off her feet.
Unfortunately, they both knew that it was just a fantasy.
"Oh no."
This was... not good. Not good at all. It looks like Roxy also knew it as she turned to face me with an
expression of dread.
She had actually told me quite some time ago about why she had suddenly caught feelings for me in the
dungeon. It was honestly something I didn't expect from her, but hey, I guess even she can be a maiden in
love as well.
It was not hard to connect the dots at this instance.
"Why are you afraid? She's just expressing her fantasy of being saved by a man." - Yumina
"Think about it for a second. What does my job entail in this particular situation?"
"Well, to save the village chieftain's son as well as Pham Haindora." - Touya
"And who is coming with Pham Haindora?"
"This girl, An...gie... Oh." - Subaru
"...Of course." - Souma
"Well, Rudeus! You have three wives!" - Rimuru
"I know that, and I will never be unfaithful to them, but still! This is not good!"
Eventually, they reached the area where the herbs are located, and they did manage to pick out
enough for what they needed. Unfortunately, that's when the two of them were attacked by a giant
monster that controls the area known as the Ibri Lizard. Pham was taken out by it after a brief
fight, leading to Angie resigning herself to her fate.
Luckily, someone came in to save her. The lizard was sent flying by someone, and it crashed to
somewhere not too far away. Angie then looked at her savior.

Despite her having been saved, the tension has not abated just yet. My statement regarding what could
happen made people a bit anxious as to what's going to happen next.
It is a handsome brown-haired man with a gray colored robe wearing black armor underneath
while holding what seemed to be a tube of some kind. The monster, angered at what had just been
done to it, charged at him and tried to bite him but the man simply held off the bite, then pointed
the tube at its head.
"Shotgun Trigger!" shouted the man.
"A shotgun? How did you even manage to make that work here?" - Lugh
"I just modified the spell Stone Cannon to fire around a dozen shots at the same time through a tube to
simulate a shotgun blast."
"I see." - Lugh
"Did you not think of creating your own spell similar to this?"
"Shotguns are too messy and inefficient for assassins." - Lugh
Besides, I doubt it will work on Epona. - Lugh
Something discharged out of the tube at high speeds which immediately killed the monster. After
that, he used magic to burn the creature to ashes.
Rudeus then checked on the two women to see if they were okay, but unfortunately, Pham was
critically injured and had to be frantically healed by him so that she could be saved. Once he
managed to make sure she was okay. Once he managed to confirm that she was saved, he escorted
the two to their village.
"Damn, that was too close for comfort. I would never want to fail such a simple job like this."
"Well at least it's a mission success. The problem is..." - Rimuru
Predictably, Angie fell head over heels for Rudeus, so she immediately tried doing whatever she
could to seduce him. She showed her concern for him, only for Rudeus to make her fall for him
further by showing his muscles to her. When they took a break, she immediately plopped herself
right beside him and pressed herself up against him.
"...This." - Rimuru
Immediately, as if there was a unifying force between them, my three wives all stared at me with this...
unreadable expression on them. While all four of us was confident that this is not going to lead to
anything too bad, that didn't mean they weren't going to stare.
Please, my future self, stay strong.
"You can resist, buddy. You can do it." - Subaru
"Resist the temptation!" - Teacher
"You barely even know her! Don't be seduced by her unholy body!" - Touya
"You guys are having way too much fun with this."

Wanting to repay him, as well as wanting to seduce him, she decided to just directly ask him to visit
her at her house so that she can show her gratitude to him.
"S-She's being too bold!" - Miharu
"She is really going for it..." - Subaru
"You gotta admire the dedication." - Rimuru
"She's barely even met the guy." - Subaru
Rudeus said that he had to go home after this, which led to Angie becoming desperate and asked
him to sleep with her right then and there.
"H-Huh?!" - Norn
"I didn't think you had that much charm, onii-chan!" - Aisha
"This is ridiculous..." - Cliff
"Oh my!" - Elinalise
"Yeah, you really gotta admire the dedication." - Rimuru
He then stood up abruptly and told her that he had a chronic disease flaring up. Angie, being an
apothecary, said that she can try giving him the medicine that he needed, but Rudeus denied it
saying that he had his own "medicine".
"You're sick?!" - Sylphie
"No! I do know what my future self is talking about though."
He then pulled out a small bundle of white cloth from a box he's carrying. Said white cloth was
actually a girl's underwear, and it looked like it was from someone very young. He put it in front of
his face and had a deep long sniff with it. The man then smiled, feeling energized by it.
That's it! Let the holy relic save your soul! Though I didn't think I would bring that out. Maybe a replica?
The theater went virtually silent at this, as I could see jaws dropping at what I'd just done. The ritual that
I just did is not something to be viewed lightly after all. I can understand.
The silence was broken by laughter from the slime demon lord.
"HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!" - Rimuru
"Why did you just do that?!" - Subaru
"He is absolutely insane." - Rio
"Why did I expect anything else from him...?" - Souma
"This man has no fear at all. And I thought Albedo sniffing Ainz's smell was bad enough." - Teacher
"Who did that belong to, anyway?" - Touya
"Are you really going to ask that question, Touya?" - Elze

"Wha-?!" - Miharu
"You could have just said that you have three wives, man! There is no need for this!" - Subaru
"Oh, but you see, my dear Subaru, this is a necessity."
"You're actually doubling down on this?!" - Subaru
Meanwhile, my three wives were calmer than I expected, to the point that they were talking about whose
underwear it was.
"Definitely not one of mine. They're too small. Is it yours, Sylphie?"- Eris
"No. I think that's Roxy's." - Sylphie
"...Yes, I think that's mine." - Roxy
"Wait, that looks like-!" - Aisha
"No, Aisha, don't say anything more. Let the theater show it instead."
"Okay!" - Aisha
"Honestly, why doesn't Rudeus sniff mine instead?! Does Roxy's smell that good?!" - Eris
Both me and my other two wives stared at Eris in shock.
"E-Eris?!" - Sylphie
"Don't just say that, Eris..." - Roxy
"I know you agree with me on this, Sylphie!" - Eris
"I-I mean, I do, b-but... Wait!" - Sylphie
This time, the audience stared at my wives in shock.
"I guess the pervert's wives are also perverts..." - Ainz
"They have to be. They're just that compatible with Rudeus." - Touya
His action immediately took the wind out of her sails, and whatever intense feelings she had for
him at that moment disappeared. Soon, the three went back to their home without incident.
"Well at least she backed off after that. All's well that ends well."
"She had no idea who she was going after." - Rimuru
Rudeus did give a request for her to spread a certain story in her village regarding the story of the
Superd, along with a picture book and a statue of a Superd demon that is Ruijerd. Angie, still
feeling grateful to be saved by Rudeus, acquiesced to his request, and soon, he left.
"Ah!" - Norn
"I guess this project is now going in full swing, huh?"
"What is this about now?" - Subaru

Before I can say anything, the Everlasting held up their hand to stop me from saying anything as well as
this great pressure exerted on me, a clear sign to prevent spoilers, so none of us said anything for now.
It was another job well done.
*****
"That was... something." Souma said as the episode ended.
"Yeah, it was something alright." Teacher remarked.
"Pervert." Fran simply said.
Why did I even do that...? I mean, I know why I did it, but still...
"Well, should we be happy that Rudy was willing to do that for us?" Sylphie said.
"Why are you even asking that question?!" Celia said, completely flustered.
"I'm pretty sure all four of them are perverts, not just Rudeus." Rimuru sighed. "Well, I guess that just
means they're made for each other."
All of us simply blushed at that.
"With that episode finished, it's time for the "Assassin" world! "The Assassin And The Hero Become
Friends"!" the Everlasting announced.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

It's really funny how this is the first one I get from Mushoku Tensei. Volume 18 has a very similar
vibe to Volume 13, which are both very slice-of-life kind of volumes with no overarching plot
within the volume. It's just Rudeus living his life along with his loved ones. I kinda wished I got the
beginning of Volume 13 instead because the beginning of that volume is wild. Anyway, I hope you
guys enjoyed this chapter, and thank you for reading!

Chapter 20: 1st Cycle Chapter 6: Lugh And Epona
Chapter Summary

This time, they take a look into the past in the Assassin world, where Lugh and Epona first truly
meet in person.
He also makes a lot of people in the theater jealous.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Lugh's POV
"Lugh, what do you think is going to be covered there?" Epona asked me as they made that
announcement.
"I have an idea what it could be, but let's see." I said as the Everlasting made their announcement. "It is
fortunate for everyone here that we have not yet been shown anything too... emotionally taxing, besides
that one with Gluttony, that is."
"Most of them have been relaxing, yeah." Demon Lord Rimuru remarked. "They gave useful
information, sure, but they're not at all intense."
"Hm. There's no good fights yet..." Fran said while noticeably pouting. She probably didn't like that we
haven't seen any fights just yet.
"Haha, don't worry, Fran. I'm sure we're going to see some fights soon enough." Teacher remarked.
"Didn't we already see a fight, though?" Subaru said, referring to Gluttony, but Fran simply shook her
head.
"I couldn't enjoy it." she simply said.
"None of us enjoyed that fight, that's for sure." Subaru nodded.
"Well then! Without further ado, let us begin this episode from the "Assassin" world!"
*****
The episode began with a party. It was a party celebrating the arrival of the new students at the
Royal Knights Academy taking place at a dorm's dining hall.
"Context?" - Rimuru
"This is just after we had been officially enrolled to the Royal Knights Academy in the Kingdom of
Alvan. It is a school where young nobles from all over the kingdom attends in."
"School, huh? It reminds me a lot of my own time at the Magic Academy..." - Rudeus
"A lot has happened since then, hasn't it?" - Sylphiette

"How long do you guys attend this school?" - Souma
"Around three years. However, due to some unforeseen circumstances, that may or may not change."
"Spoilers?" - Subaru
"Yes, spoilers."
Both Dia and Lugh praised the food that the Academy provided them, with Lugh remarking that it
was probably the kind of food Naoise would have eaten every day.
"Not quite, Lugh. Even some of the food offered by the Academy is new to me, given that I am mostly
raised around the north." - Naoise
"Still though, wouldn't this food be available to you?"
"Yes, but I quite enjoy northern cuisine more." - Naoise
"I see..."
They then looked at one part of the dining hall, where they saw a lot of students crowding around
Epona. Lugh thought that now would be a good time to approach him, given that he was now head
of the class, which means he would stand out.
"Hm, isn't she a girl?" - Babylon
I turned to the child-like Doctor Babylon in curiosity.
"You figured it out?"
"Of course I did. I can smell the pheromones from her special spots all the way from here!" - Babylon
...What?
"That's not something to be proud of, Babylon!" - Touya
The Grand Duke shouted in indignation, though he was not at all surprised by her behavior. Most of the
audience was, however.
"What the hell did she just say?!" - Subaru
Is it that strange to be able to smell people like that? I mean, I do like the way Subaru-kun smells... - Rem
"Okay, there is something really wrong with her." - Souma
"I can understand now why Touya-san called her worse than Rudeus..." - Liscia
"Is that what I am now? A measuring stick for perverts...?" - Rudeus (whispering)
I mean, I don't really have a leg to stand on here, but even I think this is weird. - Rudeus
"What the hell...?" - Rimuru
The Grand Duke's fiancés all looked exasperated by this, clearly used to her behavior. Meanwhile, as
everyone was freaked out by Doctor Babylon's behavior, Dia approached me to whisper.
"Hey, you didn't tell me that Epona was actually a girl!" - Dia (whispering)

Ah, I forgot that she didn't know about that.
"It was something that I actually figured out at this point in time due to Naoise. You'll see." (whispering)
As he expected, he managed to meet with Epona pretty smoothly. Lugh had noticed that his build
and physique matched that of a farmer and not of a warrior, which meant that he had little combat
experience.
"Are heroes born at random in your world, Lugh?" - Rimuru
"I honestly do not know. I think they are simply a natural phenomenon in our world."
"I see." - Rimuru
The two greeted one another, though of course Epona was a lot shier than Lugh was. Lugh
observed that he should not be so formal with Epona, given that the hero was probably starved for
human affection. After all, he had probably been so lonely before and after he became a hero.
"Before she became a hero, she was probably shunned due to her low rank, but now that she is a hero,
she is now treated with the utmost respect and reverence. This will definitely result in her loneliness." Crusch
"I feel bad for her..." - Emilia
You really are so smart, Lugh. You managed to figure all of that out so easily... - Epona
Lugh knew that what Epona needed was an equal.
Just as their conversation was starting to pick up, a professor approached Lugh and told him to
give an opening speech.
"Sorry, Epona. It looks like I have to go." I said remorsefully.
"That's okay. You're the head of the class, so it can't be helped. It's amazing you were able to achieve
so much despite being from a baron's family like me."
"Said baron's family is also a family of assassins that answers directly to the royal family, as well as a
famous clan of doctors." - Nevan
"I still think that Lugh is amazing, though..." - Epona
"Oh no, I am not dismissing Lugh Tuatha De's talents at all. I am simply commenting on the true status of
his family." - Nevan
"Now I'm wondering what would have happened if Lugh Tuatha De was the one to be the hero instead of
Epona Rhiannon." - Duke Romalung
I thought about the scenario in my head, but before I was able to comment on it, Dia already had a very
brief comment on it.
"That would have been terrifying!" - Dia
"If I had been the hero, I wouldn't have reincarnated as Lugh Tuatha De. However, the Tuatha De would
have had a hero on their hands."
"Given our occupation, that would have been disastrous for us." - Cian

"I agree."
I thought I saw a flash of envy in Epona's eyes.
"I can't say that birth is irrelevant, but it isn't everything." I replied.
"You're amazing, Lugh. You're so mature, daring, and cool. Also, if I have you... it seems like you
won't get hurt."
"You're not going to be hurt, huh? It sounds like this hero has problems controlling her power." Luminous
"Indeed. Sparring with her was unimaginably intense."
"Don't get any ideas, Eris." - Rudeus
He stared at his wife, who averted her eyes in return.
"Epona, I'm sorry..."
The hero was confused what I was talking about, until she remembered that battle.
"Oh! Never mind that, Lugh. I can understand now why you had to do it." - Epona
Epona said that last part in a barely audible whisper. I probably wouldn't have heard it without my
enhanced hearing.
"It seems like you won't get hurt.". What did he mean by that?
Both Lugh and Noise went in front of the crowd in order to catch everyone's attention and speak to
the crowd. Naoise spoke first, and he talked about everyone there giving him a challenge so that he
will be forced to improve himself and grow as an individual. He then encouraged everyone to get
stronger together.
"I still did not like the fact that you had to do that, Naoise."
"I had to challenge you, Lugh." - Naoise
"That's just how you are..."
After that, it was Lugh's turn, and he internally grimaced at Naoise giving him a hard speech to
follow up on. In the end, he managed to achieve that goal, by telling them that they would gain a lot
from the Academy, and for everyone to do their best so that they can fondly look back at their time
here in the school.
Tarte and Dia then approached Lugh, with Tarte giving him food from the banquet since it looked
like the food had run out quicker than he expected. Lugh confirmed that he had succeeded in
talking to Epona and knows that he may desire to continue talking with him.
"That awfully sounds very manipulative of you." - Rio
I frowned. He wasn't saying it in an accusatory manner, it sounded more like a curious comment.
"I guess from a point of view, it does. However, it was needed. After all, I had to get close to Epona."
A wave of discomfort passed amongst the audience as they had an idea why I needed to get close to her.

It was then that they saw Naoise talking with Epona, and as they expected, he was exceptional at it.
Given that he was a high-ranking noble, this made a lot of sense to them.
Lugh found something odd, though. Naoise was talking to the hero as if Epona was a girl. While he
was officially a boy, it was possible that there are many facts hidden in the surface. In that case, he
needed to look into this more.
The Epona of the audience sounded slightly uncomfortable with the narration but shook her head silently
as she continued watching.
He then turned towards his two companions, and he warned them to be careful about how they
acted, since regardless of the claims that everyone is equal in the Academy, the students may not
see it that way, so they needed to watch their behavior.
"Just like with Rio..." - Celia
The mood of the theater worsened with that reminder.
"To be honest, I have not experienced the same hardships that Rio had in his school life, though that may
just be because of my class. Did you experience anything like that, Tarte?"
"N-No! Don't worry, Lord Lugh. Nothing like that happened to me!" - Tarte
"I see. That's a relief, then."
After the party had ended, everyone was guided to their assigned dormitories. Both Tarte and Dia
expressed their puzzlement at why the dormitories are divided into three types, but Lugh said that
there was a pretty good explanation to this.
When they reached the dormitory, they saw why it was. The dormitory was practically a mansion,
complete with a lot of luxurious amenities. The differences between their Classes doesn't just
extend to their grades, but their lifestyles as well. This is what motivates them to get to the top
classes.
"That is a smart way to motivate noble children to be honest." - Celia
"Using their entire lifestyle in school as a way to make them study harder is very smart." - Rio
"You know, that entire system is the plot of some anime..." - Rudeus
"Yeah, I've seen some like that." - Rimuru
It was then that Dia separated from Tarte and Lugh as they had separate quarters. Tarte expressed
her nervous about the two of them staying together, causing her to breathe heavily and clench her
fists tight over her chest. This scared Lugh.
"Hahahahahahahaha!" - Rimuru
"Ahh, Lugh is fearing for his chastity." - Rudeus
"Don't say that!" - Subaru
I nervously chuckled at that while Tarte blushed in embarrassment.
"You know, I'm actually wondering why you two haven't done it yet." - Dia

"Dia-san!" - Tarte
"I am honestly wondering that as well. I mean, there was that-" - Maha
"We don't talk about that, Maha."
"Oh? I'll just wait for the theater to show it then." - Maha
I surely hope not.
Dia then peeked into the door, and she asked whether Tarte had flung herself onto Lugh or not,
something that Tarte vehemently denied. Dia expressed her own nervousness at the two of them
staying together on their own, so she proposed that she stay with them and turn her own room into
a storage room. While Dia had been accepting of this whole arrangement, she did not want Tarte
getting ahead of her.
"I don't know if I should be asking this, but I'm curious, is this a problem to anyone of the... polyamorous
relationships here?" - Subaru
"I mean, Sylphie came way before either me or Eris, so this really was not a big deal." - Roxy
"And technically, Eris was Rudy's first time..." - Sylphiette (whispering)
"Let's not get into that just yet." - Rudeus (whispering)
"Nah, not really. Big Sis Cia is the one in charge of all of us, so she needs to be the one who gets it first."
- Roroa
"Don't say it like that, Roroa!" - Souma, Liscia
"Yumina's the reason why this is even happening for all of us anyway, so out of respect for her, we have
to get in line." - Elze
"You can't just say that..." - Touya
"I guess I got my answers, then. You damn harem protagonists..." - Subaru
The way he said it made it clear that he was simply teasing all of us, along with Demon Lord Rimuru,
Ainz Ooal Gown, and Teacher who were all chuckling with him.
Tarte immediately denied this, stating that she was not that daring, making Lugh think about what
would happen if she was more daring, but he did not ask, fearing that he may be stepping on a
landmine with that question.
"Good. He is already very good at handling women." - Yumina
"He is really good at it." - Liscia
Should I... take that as a compliment?
After that, Lugh explained the system of the dorms to both Tarte and Dia, stating that their living
quarters depended entirely upon their grades, which somewhat motivated them into getting good
grades in the class. Lugh did think that there's no reason for Tarte to worry, given that her lifestyle
is dependent on his grades on their own, but he held his tongue due to her enthusiasm.

Tarte did express her sympathies for Maha, who was working hard in their store at the moment,
because she was not here with them. Lugh thought about Epona's situation and decided to ask her
for a request on investigating Epona and House Rhiannon.
"You do really work me to the bone, Lugh..." - Maha
"Don't worry, Maha. We're going to have a lot of time here in the theater, so I'll make time for you as long
as you want."
"That's right! You two can do whatever you want later. You deserve it for being there for Lugh!" - Dia
"Thank you..." - Maha
The three made plans about what they were going to do next, like making a cake or training with
the Tuatha De techniques. Soon, they headed for the training room, which was a lot more
comfortable and equipped than they had thought.
It looked like our new life at school was going to be quite comfortable.
Unfortunately, it wasn't as comfortable as we once thought.
*****
"Those are good times!" Dia said as the episode ended.
"Way to make us jealous, Lugh..." Subaru said with a smirk.
"I'm pretty sure we haven't seen anything yet given that Touya and his nine fiances exist." Teacher
remarked, causing Grand Duke Touya and his fiances to blush furiously.
"Hey!" the Grand Duke said.
Before anyone can tease him any further, the Everlasting spoke once more.
"Now that all three of the episodes are finished, it's time for us to see the next three episodes!" they
announced. The wheel appeared once more, and the episodes were picked. Here they are:

"It's our world this time. I wonder when..." Lady Yumina said, but before she can continue, Grand Duke
Touya groaned loudly.
"I know what this is... I think I know what this is..." he said.
"You do?" Lady Elze asked.
"Yeah, because I'm pretty sure this just happened to us!" he remarked, causing all of them to be shocked.
"Wait, so it's that!" Lady Hilde said.
"Hoho, this will be interesting..." Dr. Babylon said.

"It's us again." King Souma muttered.
"Ooh! I definitely know what this is!" Lady Naden shouted in excitement.
"You do, huh? Well, at least we know now that this is from the past." the king replied.
"And the last one!" the Everlasting said.

"That's a really vague title." Teacher remarked as Fran perked up.
"Let me tell you right now, this is from the future." Everlasting informed us, leading to the Sword world
becoming more interested.
"Well, then, since all of that is over, it's time for a short break, then, the next episode from the
"Smartphone" world! "Babylon Rising"!"
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

That is the end of that episode! The chapters from this series tend to be pretty short in the LNs, so I
decided that I'm going to do two chapters at a time for that novel so that it wouldn't be too short for
everyone. Honestly, I am really sorry for taking so long to update this. IRL stuff made me busy, but
don't worry, I'll try my best to speed up the time it takes for me to update these three chapters at a
time because at this rate, it'll take me a year to finish 1st Cycle! Anyway, I hope you guys enjoy this
chapter, and thank you for reading!

Chapter 21: 1st Cycle Chapter 7: To You, 5000 Years From Now
Chapter Summary

The theater watches as Touya unlocks the final piece of Babylon, and resurrect the ancient genius.
Unfortunately, she is just as bad as Touya expected her to be.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Touya's POV
"Another short break, then!" the Everlasting announced. As he did, people then began to disperse from
one another to gather within their own companions. Meanwhile, I had one priority right now.
I need to go to the bathroom.
It looks like becoming a demigod didn't prevent me from having those biological needs, still, so I decided
to head for the bathroom for now in order to do my business.
Unfortunately, I was blocked on my way there by a very serious conversation that I had no business
intruding in.
It was Ainz, Albedo, and Demiurge.
"I'm sure that the two of you has figured it out." Ainz said as he looked at his two subordinates.
Figured out... what?
"We have... indeed figured it out, Ainz-sama." Demiurge said as Albedo nodded solemnly. Ainz sighed
and looked at them with a... complicated expression, I think? (I can't really figure it out, since he's a
skeleton and all.)
"You are not as capable as we thought you are." Albedo said it bluntly, causing Ainz to sigh again.
"What are you going to do now?" he asked. The two tilted their heads in confusion.
"What do you mean, Ainz-sama? We will continue to serve you. Did you believe that we will abandon
you because of such a thing?" Albedo said, then Demiurge frowned.
"It seems that we have not enough provided enough proof of our loyalty for Ainz-sama to still doubt us.
We are ashamed of ourselves." he replied.
"But..."
"Ainz-sama. We have declared our loyalty to you for a single reason. You did not abandon us. Unlike all
of the other Supreme Beings, you remained with us so that we can fully serve you. That is the sole
reason. In fact, it is our failure in laying such untold burdens onto you with our erroneous expectations."
Albedo said.

"Indeed. Instead of trying to guide you with our intellect, we simply put pressure onto you, which we, as
your faithful servants, are deeply chagrined by." Demiurge nodded with her.
"I... am sorry for lying to you all." he said.
"There is no need to apologize. You simply acted in consideration of our fallacious wishes. We couldn't
have asked for a better master. It is simply shameful that you had suffered in the process." Demiurge said.
"It would be best if all of us practice transparency with each other from now on. However, there is no
need to change any current plans as of right now. I have already approved of them." Ainz said.
"I see. Is it fine if we use the Momon plan that had been displayed back there, Ainz-sama?" Albedo
asked.
"Yes, I do believe it is a brilliant plan. Do it." he said. "Now that we have settled that, I want to talk to
Albedo alone."
"Understood, Ainz-sama." Demiurge said then he left there and headed back to the theater. Meanwhile, I
tried to conceal my presence as hard as possible but was still rooted to the spot because honestly? I am
curious.
"What did you want to talk to me about, Ainz-sama?" Albedo asked with the same gentle smile on her
face.
"I am simply wondering whether you resent Satoru Suzuki or not." Ainz said bluntly, causing her to blink
for a few seconds before she chuckled softly.
"Resent him? How could I ever resent him? It is because of him that you are with us right now, Ainzsama." she answered. "It is because of his attachment to Nazarick that was passed on to you that ensured
that you remain with us and we can serve you. It doesn't matter who he is, he's the reason you are here,
and for that, I am deeply grateful."
Ainz clearly did not expect that, as even without a face to show emotion, it was obvious from his body
language that he was shocked by this. However, he composed himself quickly and sighed.
"I see. Albedo, since my emotional suppressors have been removed, I have been... thinking about you
and your feelings to me." Ainz said, and Albedo's expression turned serious. "I... do not know what to
feel about you just yet. It is clear to me that you are someone dear to me, but I do not know whether I can
respond to your feelings entirely..."
Albedo softly gasped, but then she just smiled gently.
"That is fine, Ainz-sama. I can wait. I can wait for as long as I can." she said.
"Albedo..." Ainz said, before sighing again. "While you say that, I do not want to simply keep you
waiting on me like that. That is why I will do this for now."
Ainz then approached Albedo and kissed her on the forehead (which is weird because he doesn't have
lips which means he technically kissed her with his teeth). Despite the weirdness of the situation though,
Albedo seemed to be very happy with it, so I figured I wouldn't judge.
I am slightly annoyed that I had to see this, though. I don't need to see this! This is clearly a private and
precious moment between these two and now I've ruined it just by being here.

"Ahh, it's nice to see love bloom even in the most unexpected of places, you know?" I heard a familiar
voice from behind me, and now I know exactly why I was listening to this.
"Why did you have to do this to me, Karen?" I asked my dear older sister as she walked towards me with
this goofy smile on her face.
"Don't be like that, you know? Isn't it sweet to see romance blooming around the theater like this?" she
said while still grinning. Meanwhile, I just stared at her blankly.
"You did not have to do this just as I'm on my way to the bathroom."
"Well, the only other choice is Rudeus with his three wives. Did you want to watch any of them instead?"
she asked.
"I could not have just watched anything and went on my business in peace!" I whisper-shouted, as I didn't
want the two, who was still talking about their relationship, to hear us.
"But where's the fun in that?" she asked.
"You are annoying." I bluntly replied. Thankfully, it looks like the two had left and had not seen us, so I
just went on my way, did my business, and returned to the theater without issue.
There, it looked like Rudeus and Sylphiette were having a discussion about something important.
"Do you think we should bring Lucie in here?" he asked.
He wants to bring their baby in here? I mean, I guess hearing that his kid didn't recognize him in the
future must have stung him a lot, so he wants them to hang out as much as possible here so she will at
least recognize him more when she grows up later. Man, I wish I don't experience that when I have kids of
my own.
"I don't know if we can safely take care of her here, Rudy..." his wife showed apprehension about his
idea, but Rudeus continued to argue.
"Look, I know that, but..." Rudeus said, leaving his reason unspoken, since both of them already know
what he's talking about. "...You know what, you're right. We may be risking her unnecessarily here."
I was surprised that he backed down easily, but I guess when you look at it objectively, bringing their
baby in here would have been selfish of Rudeus. He knew that, which is why he didn't persist. Sylphiette
seemed to understand though, as she put her hand on his shoulder.
"It's rough, isn't it?" she said, and he sighed.
"It stings. I'm doing all of this to protect my family and my children, and yet, those same children don't
appreciate what I'm doing. They don't even recognize me. I was prepared to make sacrifices as a father,
but I guess I wasn't prepared enough." Rudeus chuckled bitterly at this.
"Don't worry, Rudy. They'll definitely appreciate it later. You'll just have to bear with it for now." she said
with a smile, comforting her husband who smiled back at her.
"I'll just have to." he replied.
"Hey, Rudeus." Cliff spoke up from behind him. "Do you think I can take a look at the diary?"
He must have been scared, or at least alarmed, by his supposed death. Well, he can't really be blamed for
that.

"Are you sure you want to read it, Cliff?" Rudeus said with a grim expression, and Cliff replied by
nodding.
"I want to." he said firmly, but then Rudeus scratched his head.
"Well, unfortunately, I don't really have it with me..." he said, causing Cliff to be annoyed.
"Then you should have just said that in the first place!" he said. Before Rudeus can respond though,
something glowed brightly in front of them, then a notebook dropped on Rudeus' hands. It looked very
worn and tattered, as if it had been owned for a very long time. It was apparent to everyone watching as
to what it is.
"The diary Rudy has been talking about..." Roxy said.
"No need to thank me. However, this is only for Cliff Grimoire's eyes only, as well as Rudeus'. You guys
are going to know the contents of this later anyway." the Author said. All of us nodded, while Rudeus
handed the diary over to Cliff.
"Once this cycle ends, I'll read the contents of this diary." he said, earning a nod from Rudeus.
"Go ahead. I am warning you, though. Reading all of it is very rough." he said.
"I understand."
Meanwhile, the Assassin world, who was the third one we reacted to, didn't really talk about much
besides casual conversations, probably because there was not much to talk about with what we have just
watched with them, so there was no need for any long and serious conversations.
Soon enough, the short break ended, and we all went back on our seats, settling in again to watch the next
episode.
"Well, then! Since all of you are now settled, it is time for us to continue with the next episode from the
Smartphone world! "Babylon Rising!"

The episode begins with Moroha looking in fascination at what Touya was doing with his divinity.
"Divinity?" - Subaru
The episode just started and this is already revealed...
I sighed, then stared at the Everlasting to see if they'll approve of me saying anything. The god simply
smiled eerily.
"Just say the barebones." - Everlasting.
"Fine. Due to something that God Almighty did when he resurrected me, I am now a demi-god, on the
way to ascending to become an actual god. Divinity is an energy that the gods can use."
Everyone, practically everyone, stared at me in astonishment.
"A...god?" - Roxy
"What the heck?" - Rimuru

"Fascinating." - Echidna
Meanwhile, Subaru suddenly gets a smirk on his face, as if a mischievous idea popped into his head. He
then stood up and bowed in my direction.
"As someone who is in love with two women, I, Natsuki Subaru, pray to Mochizuki Touya, the God of
All Harems, for guidance to a prosperous love life." - Subaru
"G-God of All Harems?!"
What the hell kind of title is that?! He makes me sound like a lecher!
"You make it sound like I'm Rudeus!"
"You flatter me, our lord, but my charms pale in comparison to your great womanizing ways!" - Rudeus.
"Hey!"
Many just giggled at the other protagonist's attempts to tease me.
"I shall also pray on behalf of Rio so he himself will have great fortune when it comes to women."
Rudeus
"Please don't include me into this..." - Rio
"Surely someone as charming as you will have great many women falling head over heels for you." Rudeus
"Probably not..." - Rio
I saw a number of girls from his world blushing, so I just sighed.
"This dense bastard..."
"You're one to talk, Touya." - Elze
I elected to simply ignore her.
Divinity is basically godly energy, huh? Do you think there's anything equivalent to that in our world,
Raphael? - RImuru
<Answer. Inconclusive. Further analysis of this divinity as well as information about the energies that
exist in our world is required.> - Raphael
I see, then I'll leave it to you, Raphael. - Rimuru
<Answer. I shall do my best, Master.> - Raphael
Since using his divinity takes a toll on him, unlike his godly siblings, Touya proceeded to train with
releasing his divinity on a small part of his body to prevent his body from being exhausted by the
use of it. It was a success, and he managed to wield it harmlessly on a part of his body and even
through objects like a twig or a rock.
He didn't want to have to use his divinity, but with strong opponents like the Dominant Constructs
wreaking havoc, he needed to be able to use his divinity efficiently as a way to deal with them.

"Hm... I wonder what would happen if I get hit by this divinity... Well, I think the answer is quite
obvious." - Ainz
"Considering that this is basically a very potent form of holy energy, I don't think the result will be
great..."
"Do you think that you can infuse objects with it and give it to people?" - Subaru
"I can't do that yet, and even if I could, I just can't give it to anyone because of the risks the gods told me
that come from divine treasures and giving them to people."
"Ah, that's a shame." - Subaru
Eventually, he finished with his training and he went home back to his castle to find Sakura and
Linze chatting in the courtyard. When he asked what they were talking about, Linze informed him
that Sakura was testing out what kind of aptitude she had in magic.
Touya knew she had Null aptitude because she had Teleport, but she didn't know anything else
since demonkin are generally not reliant on magic, so she was not taught in it.
"What's the difference between Teleport and Gate?" - Rimuru
"Gate lets you instantly travel to places you've been in before or have memory of, while Teleport just
needs the coordinates, but is super unreliable."
"I see." - Rimuru
"You're a demon, Sakura-san?" - Roxy
"Yes. Here." - Sakura
She then showed her horns to everyone, which made them all look at them with fascination.
"I thought she was an elf at first because of the ears." - Subaru (whispering)
When he asked, Linze said that her aptitude were Null, water, and darkness. Her magical power is
quite high as well, far surpassing Linze but is less than Leen. Touya thought it made sense since
Leen was formerly the clan matriarch of the fairies.
"If she's a fairy, where are her wings? Or do they not have them in your world?" - Souma
"I do have them, Your Majesty. They're only visible because there is a special pigment in them that reacts
to the mana of our world. While there is an abundance of mana here in the theater, it does not match the
mana of our world, and therefore, my wings look invisible." - Leen
"Can you fly with those?" - Subaru
"I can. What would be the point of wings if you can't fly with them?" - Leen
"Ah, you have a point. - Subaru
Linze told Sakura that she can teach her water and either Touya or Yumina can teach her the dark
aptitude.
With this, Touya now knew all of his fiancés' magical aptitudes. Hilde, Yae, and Lucia had none,
Sue had light, Linze had fire, water, and light, Elze had Null aptitude with her Boost, Yumina had

aptitude with Earth, Wind, and Dark, and Leen had all aptitudes besides darkness, with her Null
spells being Program, Transfer, and Protection.
Before anybody could ask, Leen proceeded to explain what her Null spells are. Many appreciated her
explanation then they moved on with the episode.
"These Null spells really do resemble Divine Protections.." - Reinhard (whispering)
Touya did remember that Leen mentioned she had four Null spells, but had neglected to mention
her fourth one. Just as he was thinking of her, Leen appeared with Paula in tow, the teddy bear
waving at them with greeting.
He was still very amazed at how animated the bear is despite not being technically sentient.
"The bear isn't sentient?" - Echidna
"Not at all. I simply used my Program spell to give it commands for 200 years." - Leen
"200 years?!" - Rimuru
"She basically built an AI on that thing!" - Subaru
Wait, he's right!
"AI?" - Leen
"I'll explain later." - Touya
When he asked about what the fourth Null spell that Leen has, she revealed that it is a slightly
inferior version of Search, which is Discovery. It isn't useful for precise location of items, but it is
good for locating specific objects.
It was then that Sakura explained that the Dark attribute had more spells available to it than just
summoning. There are dark spells that can mess with the mind, something that she found from
Babylon's library. They can't be used against those with a higher magical power than the user.
Sakura pouted at this, which Touya realized exactly why she was pouting.
I knew it... She wanted to charm me! Truth be told I'm plenty charmed by her and the others already,
but... T-That's pretty embarrassing to say out loud.
"Ah, but as the God of All Harems, you would have probably also charmed your girls with your
irresistible beauty!" - Subaru
"Can you guys please stop with that?"
"Never!" - Rudeus
Leen then suggested Sakura to summon a creature, to which they all agreed upon. Soon enough,
they summoned something: a bipedal black cat creature wearing leather boots, a feathered hat, a
cape, and was wielding a rapier.
It's a cat sith, thought it started saying it's a cat knight while saying horrible cat puns.
Many in the theater practically groaned at the cat puns, which made me vindicated about my choice to
not take this guy too seriously.

"Let's hope this guy doesn't appear too often because those cat puns are seriously unbearable..." - Rimuru
"Imagine having to bear with him every single day..." - Sakura
Heh, no wonder she pawned him off to her mother. At least she's nice enough to him.
Sakura started negotiating a contract with it, but it immediately accepted Sakura due to her being
female. Sakura then asked Touya for a name, but the summon didn't want it, leading to Touya
summoning Kohaku there to scare off the cat. Eventually, they decided on his name being
D'Artagnan, but Touya just chose to call it by Mr. Mittens instead.
"So Mr. Mittens is his actual name." - Rudeus
Yeah, I'm definitely sure the audience can already tell that that was the case.
"Yep."
Due to Mr. Mittens consuming a lot of Sakura's magical power, Touya gave her a ring that stored
magical power in it to keep the summon manifested. Touya decided to make him a bodyguard for
Sakura like Spica was. Just as they were talking about what to do with the summon, Kougyoku
appeared and perched herself on Touya's shoulder.
"How many of those summons do you have?" - Ainz
"Technically, I have four, but like Kohaku, they're in charge of so many other beasts that I may as well
have hundreds of summons at my disposal."
"While I would like to ask him about those summons in detail, I assume that the Theater would show
them to us." - Ainz
The Everlasting simply smiled eerily, telling us everything we need to know.
Well, the moments I summoned those beasts were pretty important anyway, so they'll definitely be shown.
She informed him that the last Babylon ruin had finally been found.
"Babylon ruin? Is it related to Doctor Babylon?" - Hinata
"Yep, as I explained earlier in our introductions, she basically made her base into a floating island, then
split them into nine pieces for me to find. At this point, this is the last piece of the island I have to find."
"She basically made her own Laputa, huh?" - Rimuru
"Wouldn't it be funny if the order in which we watch Touya discovers the Babylon ruins is in reverse of
the order he found them?" - Subaru
"You know what? Yeah, that would actually be funny."
Touya was surprised by this revelation, and although he was not as motivated to find them as
before, he was excited to finally find the last Babylon ruin. According to his information, this is the
research laboratory where the gynoids were born.
Man, in the end, I never found a single gynoid who wasn't a hassle in some way... Well, whatever.
Time to finish building my castle in the sky.
"Not a single one of them is decent in any way?" - Souma

"Yep, all of them are weirdos. Well, considering who they're based off of..."
I turned to look at Babylon, who just had an amused look on her face.
Well, if there's anything positive I can say about her, she is very self-aware.
The final ruin was located near the Kingdom of Egret, specifically under its waters, where a Sea
Serpent was guarding the place. Due to this, Touya brought Luli, who went into her massive
dragon form to let Touya ride her. As they neared the location, the Sea Serpent went to greet them,
even Touya. When asked how the Sea Serpent knew him, it simply answered that the dragons knew
of Touya due to the incident in Dragoness Island.
"That incident, huh? I can't say I'll enjoy seeing that here."
"What do you mean, Touya-dono? Nothing bad happened there." - Yae
"I know, but it was such an annoying event."
"What did you do, Grand Duke?" - Lugh
"Just wait and see."
"Well, at least we can guess that whatever happened involved dragons." - Rudeus
"Yep. Lots and lots of dragons. Too many of them. At least we got rich off of that incident."
Many people stared at me suspiciously, but I didn't bother explaining myself to them.
The Sea Serpent then led them to the location of the ruin, and after solving the puzzle to enter, he
finally managed to gain access to the research laboratory.
He was greeted by the gynoid inside, who was named Atlantica, or Tica for short. She was
extremely businesslike and polite, and had even known about Touya due to Babylon seeing him in
the foresight artifact.
"Basically, Babylon created an object that can see the future of someone, but only that of someone who
had the same magical aptitude as the user. Since she has the same magical aptitude as me, she saw me
and my future, and became interested in me. The foresight artifact is broken now."
Just like Leen earlier, I explained the foresight artifact before anyone asked. I had only explained the
barebones of it before after all.
"It's a shame that it is broken, but have you tested it out before it broke?" - Echidna
"Yep, I have. I couldn't find anyone, so there wouldn't be someone of my aptitude for about 5000 years,
give or take."
"I see... What a fascinating object... It is truly a shame that it is broken now." - Echidna
This woman really is giving me the chills.
I couldn't pinpoint it, but that Witch is giving me a bad feeling whenever I look at her. I didn't think she
was hostile or anything like that, but she is definitely very creepy to me.
It doesn't help that Yumina had been staring at her strangely for a while, so I decided to address it silently.

"Hey, Yumina, what do you think of Echidna?" (whispering)
"She's... colorless." - Yumina (whispering)
"Colorless?" (whispering)
"She is neither pure-hearted nor is she malicious. Her soul is completely devoid of any color. She's more
like a machine than a person." - Yumina (whispering)
"Wait, what?" (whispering)
We have never encountered anything like this before. Anyone who Yumina stares at is either benevolent
or malevolent. Sure, there are degrees to them, but there's still enough of a distinction between them so
that we can tell whether they are a good person or a bad person.
However, Echidna lacks any sort of color for Yumina to distinguish.
"What does that mean?" (whispering)
"I have not encountered anyone like this before. However, I have a solid guess. Lacking any color means
that she is incapable of neither empathy nor malice. She's just a being fueled solely by her own logic." Yumina (whispering)
I definitely agree with her guess as it makes a lot of sense, but that makes Echidna bad news. She isn't
evil, she is incapable of feeling kindness, and that's arguably worse. Still, though, it's better to be polite,
since I haven't seen her doing anything wrong.
Considering how Subaru looks at her, though, I'm pretty sure she did something wrong. I'll just have to
wait to see what she did wrong.
It was something that Touya had tested out before, but it only let you see the future of those that
had the same magical attributes as the user, so Touya saw nothing, indicating that nobody of
similar magical aptitude will be appearing in the next 5000 years.
As I've already explained what it is to the audience, they all just nodded at this.
After confirming that he had already acquired all the pieces of Babylon, Tica deemed him qualified
of the research laboratory and of Tica herself, registering his DNA through the transfer of saliva
via a cotton bud.
Touya was surprised that she didn't kiss him like the rest of the gynoids did, but was soon relieved
that there was a sensible one among the gynoids.
"They all kissed you?!" - Subaru
"They needed my DNA to be mixed with theirs and that was the quickest method. Annoyingly, all of
them besides Tica kissed me."
"Then why did you sound almost disappointed when she didn't kiss you?" - Elze
All of my brides-to-be stared at me, while I can distinctly hear someone in the theater say "Uh oh.".
Fortunately, I have my reasons prepared.
"It was momentary. I got used to it, I was preparing myself for it, but then it didn't happen. It's like
preparing for a sneeze that doesn't come out. I would feel disappointed by that, even if I didn't like it."

My fiancees all thought my reason was sound, so they backed down, but then one of the gynoids had
something to say.
"It's pretty rude to compare our kisses to a sneeze, Master." - Cesca
"It's because they were annoying! Besides, I still remember the trouble you caused by kissing me back
then, Cesca!"
"It ended happily for everyone involved, did it not?" - Cesca
"Yes, but the stress you caused to everyone was immense, damn it!"
People were naturally curious, but we all knew better than to ask now given the spoiler restriction.
It was then that Tica explained to Touya that he had a mission to accomplish before she explained
the facility to him.
She then led him towards the Primary Lab where all of the gynoids were born and she showed him
a cylindrical pod in the middle of the room, containing what looked to be a little girl with long
blonde hair floating inside. It was confirmed to be the last remaining gynoid number Twenty-Nine,
Doctor Regina Babylon herself.
"Oh, so she put herself in a cryogenic sleep of sorts, though she wasn't frozen." - Teacher
"So that's why she's alive right now despite coming from 5000 years ago." - Rudeus
"She slept for 5000 years just so she can annoy me."
"Honestly, Touya... I can't even blame you for saying that." - Yumina
"She is a menace to society."
Touya asked exactly how that was possible and Tica explained that Babylon created a new body
similar to the gynoids and put her brain into it with all of her knowledge, memories, and
personality. The process had taken a long time, but it was still essentially Doctor Babylon.
"Just to be clear, you didn't steal a kid's body or anything like that, right?" - Subaru
"Nope. Made that body myself. I'm not evil or cruel. I have my limits." - Babylon
When Touya asked why the body looked so young, Tica said that they had to make the body young
or else there was the possibility of magical rejection if the body was to be made too old, so the body
had to be that young. Tica informed hims that he simply had to pump his magic energy into the
pod in order to wake her up.
Touya considered not waking her up, knowing that she was just going to cause trouble for him, but
Tica informed Touya that the moment he had entered the research lab, a countdown had started
ticking down. In five minutes, her life support systems will shut down and Babylon will actually
die, since she didn't want to live on if Touya was going to let her sleep anyway.
I just sighed heavily at this. Considering how recently this happened, I'm still frustrated by how badly I
was played here. It makes sense in hindsight that she probably waited 5000 years for me to wake her up,
so if I didn't wake her up, all of that waiting would have been pointless to her and she may as well just
die, but it was still very frustrating to me that all of this happened.

He cursed internally, knowing that Babylon knew him too well and was not going to let her die, so
he relented and woke Babylon up.
After a few seconds, the pod opened and the girl woke up. Just as she exited the capsule, Touya
noticed something wrong.
"...Why're you breathing so heavily?"
"M-Mhh... Ohhh... Hhah... N-No reason, mh... D-Don't worry about it!" The gynoid next to me was
completely red in the face. Her breathing was going haywire, and blood was dripping from her nose.
"...What?" - Haruto
People looked warily at Tica, who was somehow doing the same thing she was doing on screen,
breathing heavily and completely red while looking at Babylon on the screen about to emerge from the
capsule.
Everyone can already tell what's wrong with her. It wasn't hard to know exactly why she was acting like
that.
"Don't tell me..." - Rimuru
"This is..." - Cliff
"That's just concerning." - Souma
"There's no way in hell I'm letting Beako anywhere near you, you lolicon!" - Subaru
For the first time I've seen her in the theater, Beatrice looked legitimately uncomfortable while looking at
Tica, even though she was probably powerful enough to destroy her easily.
"You shouldn't be calling people lolicon when you have a title like the "Lolimancer"." - Ricardo
"Shut up! Where did that nickname even come from?!" - Subaru
Honestly, this is even more concerning when you realize that she's lusting after her own mother turned
little sister. Or maybe this is just Babylon lusting after herself or something like that, which isn't much
better.
Don't worry about it?! Of course I'll worry about it! You're no good too!
The little girl opened up her light green eyes. She then rubbed at them and started looking around.
Eventually she noticed me, grinned broadly, and hopped down from the drained capsule.
"Nice to meetcha, Mochizuki Touya, Touya being your given name. I used my foresight to see you a lot
in the future, so it doesn't really feel like I'm meeting you for the first time ever... Even so, howdy."
"She was basically stalking you." - Rimuru
"Don't make it sound even worse than it already was!"
"You're... Seriously Doctor Babylon?" The young girl grinned maliciously as she spoke up again.
"In the young, nubile flesh. Doctor Regina Babylon. Foremost magitechnician of the Partheno
Kingdom, scholar supreme, and your destined lover..."

"Nah, I'm good. Put some clothes on."
"The hell?! No need to be rude!" I already knew that if I reacted inexactly the way she wanted me to,
I'd be playing into her hands and I'd probably die.
This whole conversation made me think about something.
"Hey, Yumina, I want to ask. Is Babylon just messing with me, or do you think that she's seriously in love
with me?"
Yumina opened her mouth to speak, then closed it then looked down on the ground, pondering the matter.
"To be honest, Touya, I genuinely have no idea. On one hand, she basically put herself in a new body,
then put herself to sleep for 5000 years just to meet you in person and be with you, even willing to kill
herself if you weren't going to wake her up. On the other hand, it could simply be her curiosity making
her do something like this, because she is the kind of person to do those things out of curiosity as well." Yumina
I saw both of her points correctly, and now I'm even more confused about her.
"Well, regardless, she is technically your mistress, so there's nothing wrong with answering her feelings if
she did really like you." - Yumina
"You guys are way too accepting of this situation..."
The doctor walked over to a nearby wall, pulled a white lab coat from the wall, and wore it loosely
around her tiny form. It didn't have any buttons on the front, so her bare belly and... other extremities
were on full display. She clearly had no shame.
The men in the audience had no idea whether to look or not, but I just stared blankly at her. Not only
have I seen this before, but I do not feel anything about her since she is literally a little girl.
"Give me a break..." - Souma
I've heard of naked apron, but this is ridiculous... I sighed and shook my head. Even underwear would
be better than this.
"Wearing that robe is pointless..."
"Ahh... N-No, I disagree!" Tica flashed a thumbs-up as blood spurted from her nose. What the hell?!
Why's she acting like that?!
"Doc, what's wrong with Tica?"
"Ah, Atlantica just has a thing for little girls."
"...Don't say something so horrible so casually." That probably explained why she didn't kiss me like
the others had.
"I quite like them too."
"Too much info, hag!" I was truly facing down the root of all evil. The base for all the impure
Babylon Gynoids I'd faced so far.
"Now that you hear that, can you really trust the information that she looked like a little girl because the
brain will fail if the body is too old?" - Rimuru

"I would never lie about something like that. I'm not that much of a narcissist to lust after myself." Babylon
I had to give her the most prominent side-eye after that, but she stood her ground.
After complaining about not having acquired proper clothing for the body she has, they decided to
attach the research laboratory to the rest of Babylon. On the way there, she commented on how her
body was not that bad, saying that it was quite agile, though it wouldn't grow anymore.
When Touya asked how that could be, Babylon stated that the body will only grow once it was in
the capsule due to how it was made, but now that she was out of it, it won't grow any longer. It was
very similar to the bodies of the gynoids, which doesn't age and could not reproduce.
"Truly interesting." - Echidna
"She basically just created humans..." - Celia
"How could that even work...?" - Dia
"I don't think we should be messing with things like this, Dia." - Lugh
"I know that!" - Dia
Babylon then expressed her curiosity over Touya's smartphone, saying that she tried inventing one
of her own, but couldn't due to a lack of details. Touya let her borrow it on the condition that she
doesn't break it, but he knew that it wouldn't be destroyed so easily anyway due to the amount of
protective enchantments it had.
"So you turned your smartphone into a Nokia." - Rudeus
"Pfftt!" - Teacher
"That's an old joke, buddy!" - Rimuru
"You did not just make that joke." - Subaru
It's been a long time since I've heard that joke. He makes me feel old!
He remarked internally that despite her not being capable of inventing it, she probably understood
the basics of how it worked either due to the fact that she managed to connect the phone with
Cesca.
"Which is damn impressive considering she probably just caught glimpses of it with the artifact."
"She truly is a genius..." - Hilde
"A brilliant inventor, she is." - Yae
"If only her behavior is decent..." (whispering)
When she asked where the letters and images came from, Touya said that it was from Japan, but
Babylon, understandably, had no idea what that was.
Due to this, Touya remarked that it was finally time for him to tell everyone his true origins.

"Wait, considering that this is the last major event that happened to you before you came here, does that
mean they just found out you were an otherworlder?" - Rimuru
"Yep. I'm honestly glad that the timing was just right. It would have been troublesome explaining
everything to them here."
"You know the next step, Touya. Make them watch some anime!" - Rudeus
"Make them read manga, too!" - Veldora
"Of course you'll say that." - Rimuru
And so, he did. He gathered everyone that he knew from his fiances and the gynoids and told them
everything about his otherworldly origins, though he still didn't mention the divine aspect of his
transmigration as he didn't feel that they were ready for that information just yet.
"You were right, Touya. That would have been way too overwhelming." - Elze
"I still have trouble believing that he's eventually going to become a god..." - Leen
"It's astonishing, really." - Hilde
"We need to prepare shrines for the God of All Harems." - Subaru
"Indeed. We must pay proper respects to our Lord and Savior." - Rudeus
"Please stop with that!"
As he expected, everyone was plenty shocked and intrigued about all of it, but his fiancees
remarked that despite knowing about this information now, it changed nothing about the man they
loved. All of them smiled at each other for this.
The touching moment was then interrupted by Babylon asking Touya to spill his otherworldly
secrets.
"Most incredible!" The little doc in the corner suddenly let out a yell. Shivers ran up our collective
spines. D-Don't call out like that! "A man from another world! Such technology, such culture!
Unseen knowledge, unlived histories! There's simply nothing more mentally arousing! Not at all!
Take me, Touya! Marry me!"
"Whoa!" - Subaru
"She really is something else..." - Rem
Yep, this is why you're so confusing to me, Babylon.
"NO WAY!" Whoa... All of my fiancees screamed their rejection in unison. They all strafed me from
all sides, circling as if to protect me. It was frightening... But I could understand their stance, they
didn't anticipate any other brides, after all.
"That's fine, then. I'll be a concubine. My body doesn't ovulate, so he couldn't knock me up anyway.
Sound good?"
"OKAY!"

"Wait what?!" I nearly broke my neck at the double-take I had to perform. What the hell?! Don't
approve her as a mistress, stop that! You're not supposed to be okay with that!
"See, the God's charm is so incredible that they have to let in more women just so they can endure his
irresistible beauty and personality." - Rudeus
"Indeed. He is unstoppable! A man among men! No, a God among men! Our humble selves stand in awe
of his overwhelming masculinity!" - Subaru
They're really not going to stop with this, are they?
"We decided that we don't want any more wives for a fairly simple set of reasons. Firstly, we don't
want royal families from around the world trying to pawn off their daughters on to you, Touya."
"We also don't want to create a succession crisis. That's why we can easily differentiate brides from
concubines, it won't cause a national incident." Yumina and Leen explained the situation as best as
they could, but I didn't really get it all that much. I just didn't understand this whole polygamy
business on a fundamental level.
"Is polygamy really that forbidden in your world, Touya?" - Lu
"You could say that. It's basically a societal norm to have only one wife. If you have more, you'll be
considered scum of the earth. Not only that, but girls in our world almost never allows this sort of thing.
It's been baked into our society so deeply that I just think it's natural to have one wife, which is why I
hesitated on this whole thing at first. Not that I would back out now, mind you."
The nine of them looked at each other before Yumina sighed.
"Let's talk about this later, okay, Touya?" - Yumina
"Sure!"
Still, it was better than them fighting amongst themselves. I didn't want them trying to lay claim to me
like "Back off, bitch! He's mine!" or something... Although maybe being so aggressively pined for
wouldn't be so bad, either. That being said, it just meant they clearly understood that love wasn't the
same as possession or obsession.
"Alright! Wife permission obtained! Looks like we're gonna be one big happy family, hm? Oh, and
don't worry about who'll succeed the throne or anything. All your children are girls except one."
"WHAT?!" Whoa, whoa! Talk about a major spoiler leak! What the hell are you doing?!
"Damn, he got spoiled badly on that." - Subaru
"Well at least he knows that to expect." - Rudeus
"Eight daughters?! Touya, you are done for." - Rimuru
"At least he would not have to worry about succession." - Ariel
"Now, though, he has to worry about other things." - Sylphiette
"Y-You mean to tell us that you are being truthful, you are?!"
"Damn straight, my little eastern angel. It's not a huge deal, I just happened to overhear a
conversation while peeping at the future once. It went something along the lines of 'All nine queens

have given birth, but this country only has one prince.' Or something like that, I guess."
Touya thought about the amount of children he's going to have and thought about whether he was
going to be relaxing at all as a father.
"I wish you luck." - Souma
He said it with such seriousness that I don't know whether he was talking to me or himself.
"Good luck to me indeed."
Babylon asked plenty of questions about Earth to Touya, and while he diligently answered all of
them, he became worried about spreading all of this knowledge to this world, fearing that the
union between the technology and magic of the two worlds may create something destructive.
Touya told Babylon this, and knowing that she may actually abuse that knowledge, decided to
compromise by asking for cultural knowledge instead, like myths and folklore. He agreed to this
and showed them some movies from his old world.
"Close enough, I guess." - Rudeus
"She didn't even promise that she wouldn't abuse the technology..." - Souma
"Babylon's self-aware. She knew that she would never be able to stop herself from doing that with her
personality, so she just compromised with it instead. It's probably one of her few decent traits."
And even then, her self-awareness can still be a hassle sometimes.
Eventually, the doctor became curious about his smartphone again, and asked him to let her use
her Null magic, Analyze, to study the technology on the phone. He let her borrow it and she
managed to know everything about the phone's technology. Curious about the Null spell, Touya
tried it out and was bombarded by an overload of information about the phone itself, though he
couldn't understand most of it.
With the information she has at hand, Babylon asked for Rosetta to get to the workshop in order to
start creating a phone of her own from scratch and possibly mass-producing it. Seeing the benefits
of everyone he knew having a phone, Touya gave them permission.
"Honestly, raise your hands if you knew this would happen." - Rimuru
Most of the people in the theater raised their hands at this, something that made me sigh.
"It's a natural step, honestly. Why would you miss the chance to spread technology like this? Instant
communication is so useful." - Souma
"That's why I let her do it. It is useful, or I hope it would be."
A few days later, Touya gathered the rulers of the nations that are part of the alliance to distribute
the newly mass-produced phones to them for easier communication. He explained the mechanics of
the phones towards them and their uses. The rulers gladly accepted it and thanked Touya.
"You can just... do this?" - Souma
"I mean, I have Gate so I can easily transport them all into one spot, since I'm all friendly with them."
"It is astonishing that he can just gather World Leaders like this..." - Ariel

"That's Touya for you..." - Yumina
After the meeting wrapped up, I received a phone call. It wasn't from one of the world leaders, though.
The only words on my screen were 'Doctor.' Service was never an issue, as she'd engineered the
phones to connect based on the magic in the atmosphere instead of electromagnetic signals.
Apparently such a thing was a trivial technology during the renaissance in which Doctor Babylon had
been born into.
"'Sup."
"Yo, Touya? What's 'Sup' mean? Supper or something?"
"Oh, it's just a basic greeting from my old world. It's like a contraction of "What's up?" So you
usually expect the other person to say something next."
"Wait, what?" - Subaru
Many of the otherworlders looked at me with abject confusion.
"Why not just use hello? "Sup" is so weird as a greeting for a call." - Subaru
"Wait, you guys use Hello as a greeting for messages?"
"Everyone does!" - Rimuru
"There is no way your Earth uses 'Sup'. I refuse to believe it." - Subaru
"That is crazy..." - Rudeus
I never thought my Earth will be different in this way...
"We'll probably hear that a lot, won't we?" - Souma
"That would be so weird." - Teacher
That's how I understand it, at least. I never really thought about it too deeply.
"Ooh, I see. Anyway, how did the world leaders react to their phones?"
"Very well. Everyone took them back happily."
"That's wonderful news. But I'm disappointed you gave them such a neutered edition of my master
work."
"The first version you showed me was way too complex! Who the hell needs a self-destruct function
for a phone anyway?" She'd added way too many stupid things to the original build, like a supersonic
frequency generator that could shatter glass, and a camera that could see through walls or clothes. All
kinds of weird crap like that.
"Of course she put in a camera that can see through walls or clothes!" - Subaru
"A self-destruct for a phone... What?" - Souma
"That woman is absolutely crazy..." - Liscia
"Do you guys see now what I'm going to have to deal with?!"

The protagonists simply nodded solemnly and patted me in the shoulder for solidarity.
I wasn't too surprised though, Doctor Babylon was a weirdo. The saying "There is a fine line between
a genius and an idiot" flashed through my mind a little.
"Ah well, no worries. Oh, right. The new Frame Gear that Rosetta and Monica are so busy with...
How about you let them focus on that, and let me focus on making the Frame Gears for Leeny and
Linzey?"
"Frame Gear?" - Teacher
"No spoilers!" - Everlasting
It wasn't really that much of a big deal, so I was surprised about the restriction, but maybe the Everlasting
just wanted the reveal of the Frame Gears to have a lot more gravitas than this. I didn't mind, so I just
kept my mouth shut.
"Oh, sure... I was thinking they'd both be more attuned to magic, but the Phrase are resistant to
magic. So I was thinking of something that would take advantage of the Fragarach system, or magical
defenses."
"That's a good idea. Were you thinking of employing the Satellite Orbs? Are you thinking of weapons
based on stuff from Earth?"
"I guess." Well, more like based on anime from Earth. I kept quiet about that part because I didn't
want that dastardly doc knowing about that stuff too. I didn't want her trying to make an extravagant
space battleship or something.
"Hoh?" - Babylon
"Don't you dare."
People became increasingly curious, but they didn't say anything given that they didn't know what the
Frame Gear is. They probably had some guesses but nothing concrete.
After that, he received more calls, one from Sakura, who wanted to talk about the school her
mother wants to build, and it turned out that there are more children that is signing up for the
school than she can handle, a total of eighty students rather than the projected twenty students, so
Touya decided to handle it by hiring more staff. D'Artagnan was also there to guard Sakura's
mother.
After that, it was Kousaka who called Touya this time to inform him of the documents that require
his approval.
Touya sighed as he grumbled about the problems of easy contact while opening a portal towards
his castle.
"As exhausting as that could be, I'm not really going to scrap this idea... It's so useful."
All I'll have to do is bear with it.

"That was... something." Souma commented.

As I expected, everyone was either feeling disgust, intrigue, or just plain embarrassment at Babylon's
antics.
"She is... so weird." Subaru remarked silently.
"I feel bad for Touya since he has to deal with her almost constantly now." Rimuru said.
"I'm sure he'll be... fine." Haruto commented.
"Your tone does not inspire any confidence, buddy." I responded at him, to which he simply scratched his
head sheepishly.
"Now then! It is time for us to continue with the next episode from the Realist world! "Even If This Love
Is Prearranged!"" the Author announced.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

FINALLY! ANOTHER UPDATE! LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOO!
I am back! I have not abandoned you!
In truth, I did not expect myself to take this long to update, but hey, I guess I should expect the
unexpected at this point.
Now then, the one character that can rival Rudeus in sheer horniness has been introduced! I hope
you guys enjoyed this reaction chapter, and I'll see you on the next one!

Chapter 22: 1st Cycle Chapter 8: Fated Romance
Chapter Summary

After Naden and Souma decide their relationship, it's time for the king to temporarily return home
and deal with the issues in front of him.
An important question is then asked and answered.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Naden's POV
I'm so excited ! No, actually, I'm nervous, too!
Given the title, I can already guess what this is going to cover, or at least, some of it. I can still distinctly
remember what I said to Liscia at the time, and I'm pretty sure I'll never forget it.
After all, it was, by all intents and purposes, my serious declaration of love to Souma, so I'll definitely
remember it until the day I die.
"Since this one happened in the past, any questions?" the Author said, but the rest of the the theater
simply felt too embarrassed by that doctor.
Seriously, what is up with her? I feel sorry for Touya that has to deal with all of that. It must have been
exhausting.
"...I guess I'll ask first. I know your past self already kinda explained it, but you created that body, right?"
Rimuru asked.
"Yep. I created it from scratch. If you really think about it, creating a human body isn't that hard to begin
with. It's the human mind and consciousness that makes it difficult." The doctor replied casually, as if she
didn't just say something as insane as creating a human being.
"Don't say that so casually." the demon lord said, but then sighed. "Anyway, that's what you actually
looked like, right? Just as a child instead of an adult?"
"Yeah. This closely resembles my actual appearance." the doctor confirmed.
"Now then, what was up with that divinity thing, Touya?" It was Subaru who asked this time.
"It would be properly explained in the viewings later, but due to the circumstances of my transmigration,
I am technically a demigod, though I can ascend to becoming a god later." Touya said, and a lot of us,
including me, were wide-eyed by what he just said.
"Wait, like an actual god like those guys?" Teacher asked, pointing towards the other gods from the
Smartphone world.

"Yep, but someone more powerful, or so I was told. I don't think I can speak a lot more on this since
spoilers." Touya explained further, and nobody really asked any further because of that, but I'm sure a lot
of us still had many questions about that whole god thing.
Since those were the only questions people had, the questioning was over quickly, and it was time for the
episode to begin.
"Now, let's begin the episode!" the Everlasting announced, and the viewing began.

The episode begins with Souma soaring through the sky in Naden's back on their way back to the
Kingdom of Friedonia. The sheer fantasy of the situation at hand made him excited beyond belief.
"Hehe, you really enjoyed it, didn't you, Souma?"
"Of course I did! I was riding a dragon, after all!" - Souma
I was sure that my grin was incredibly wide upon hearing that. After all, I always enjoyed having Souma
ride me (No, not that way, the normal way) so I was glad that he enjoyed riding me as well!
"So that's what she looks like in her dragon form..." - Sylphiette
"She looks quite majestic, I must say. Definitely not the kind of dragon we're used to." - Crusch
"Yeah, she's definitely more of an oriental dragon." - Subaru
When they were going back, they passed through the skies of the Orthodox Papal State of Lunaria,
and Souma began to internally muse about airspace rights within the world. Despite countries
having mastered the skies, the concept of airspace rights didn't exist for the sole simple reason of
them not being able to enforce it.
"Because radar doesn't exist." - Lugh
"Yep. You can't have your nation's air force patrolling your airspace all the time when you're not at war,
except for the major cities, so without any form of detection technology, you can't really enforce airspace
rights." - Souma
"What exactly is radar, Sir Souma?" - Maria
"It's technology from our world that uses radio waves to detect objects from a distance using the same
concept as echolocation, using a sound to bounce off an object to detect where it is." - Souma
"An interesting piece of technology." - Maria
Meanwhile, I could see that purple-haired girl from the Return world, Anastasia, tell her knight to list
what Souma was saying down.
While patrolling over major cities is possible, there are no systems that existed in the world that
can possibly detect every airborne individuals traveling through the sky, especially if they were at
such high altitudes like Naden and Souma are. And so, they were safe to travel through the
airspace of another country without permission for so long as they didn't bother anyone.
Having already explained it, everyone just continued watching.

On their way there, Naden was worried about them landing on the capital of Friedonia, Parnam, as
it may potentially cause an incident. However, Souma told her not to worry as he had already
informed them using his Living Poltergeist ability to send a message to his subordinates remotely
through Factory Arm.
"Those things really are creepy."
"Yeah, I can't stand looking at them for too long." - Liscia
"But they're so useful." - Souma
I do find them really creepy though, but their utility can't be denied. - Souma
"So you're just using Living Poltergeist on model hands instead of just the objects now?" - Rudeus
"They're much more versatile than just putting my consciousness on the objects." - Souma
"Makes sense." - Rudeus
Naden did not know this, however, and just expressed her doubts about the situation, including
how he could possibly inform an entire kingdom about their landing, and Souma simply spoke
vaguely.
"You didn't initially know that Souma is a king?" - Yumina
"No, he used a fake name on me when we first met. I understand why he did it, though. I probably
wouldn't have believed him had he told me who he was at first."
"I see..." - Yumina
"I'm an ordinary guy." I said. "One who's been forced into an extraordinary position, that's all."
"You can say that all you want, Souma. I think you're extraordinary."
Now that I've seen how Souma managed to salvage the situation with the kingdom, I'm never inclined to
believe that he is anything close to ordinary.
"I stand by what I had said." - Souma
Once they had arrived at Parnam, Souma asked her to land in the castle, much to her shock. In the
courtyard, Liscia, Juna, Roroa, and Hakuya were waiting for him along with a bunch of the castle
guardsmen.
Roroa immediately lunged at Souma, hugging him and telling him that she dearly missed him. She
even told Souma that the other two also missed Souma as well, though they tried to hide it, much to
the embarrassment of both Juna and Liscia.
They then told him about what happened with Aisha.
"It took too long before it came. Do you have any idea how many messenger kuis Aisha sent, worrying
about your safety, Souma?"
I saw the damage that she incurred on those plains when we arrived there last time. Honestly, it scared
me that someone who isn't a dragon can deal that much damage. It's frankly insane.

Meanwhile, the girl in question looked down on the ground in embarrassment, while Carla, Halbert, and
Kaede all had a faraway look on their eyes, probably remembering what happened back then vividly.
...Oh. Now that she mentioned it, I'd left Aisha and the others behind in that village. I guess we could
have picked them up on the way here, huh.
"I heard the Star Dragon Mountain Range were going to be explaining the situation to them,
though," I said.
"It's meaningless unless you're the one to tell them yourself," Liscia retorted. "In the letter she sent
me, Carla said that Aisha nearly took a swing at the messenger who came from there."
"That would have definitely caused a war." - Lugh
"Unfortunately, Aisha is just that kind of person." - Souma
"What? That's scary..."
"Carla and the others desperately stopped her. Honestly, it almost turned into a diplomatic incident.
Though it seems they acknowledged the fault was largely with them for taking you so suddenly, and
then the envoy began apologizing."
"Aisha... When it comes to me, she can be so indiscriminate," I sighed.
Starting an all-out war with the dragons wouldn't be funny. Show some self-restraint, please.
She didn't say anything in her defense and simply covered her face in embarrassment. Honestly, out of all
of us, she's definitely the most possessive of Souma. It's not a bad thing, but it can definitely cause
problems down the line.
"It just shows how much she cares for you, doesn't it?" Liscia retorted.
"Make it up to her the next time the two of you are together."
"Okay..."
The man then turned towards Hakuya, who had reported that one of Souma's ambassadors to the
Empire, Piltory Saracen, went home temporarily in order to get one of his wives taken care of by
her family since he was busy with his work in the Empire. Souma was visibly relieved that nothing
bad really happened to him.
Once Hakuya was done with his report, Roroa started to ask about Naden, who had been standing
there incredibly stiff the whole time due to sheer confusion. The moment Souma called out to her,
she immediately confronted him about why they were calling him a different name than she knew.
Souma finally revealed the truth to her, which left her shocked and speechless.
"She looked so flabbergasted..." - Emilia
"Nobody says that anymore, Emilia-tan." - Subaru
"Shut up!" - Emilia
"Why were you that surprised, Nadie?" - Roroa
"I mean, he never gave off the vibe of being the king at all! It was so surprising to hear the random guy
that I let live in my house turned out to be such a big shot!"

"I really don't give off the aura of a ruler, don't I? Not like I think it's a bad thing." - Souma
To explain everything, Souma and company moved to a conference room where Souma told them
all that has happened to him during his trip at the Star Dragon Mountain Range. Specifically, he
talked about the "storm" that was coming, and how Madam Tiamat chose to have him deal with it,
as well as how Naden wanted to have a riding contract with him.
Of course, not a lot of detail was included in the explanation on-screen, probably because they're going to
be explained later in other viewings related to this, so nobody really complained, but the frustration in
everyone's eyes was incredibly obvious.
Roroa was the first one to say anything, and she said that the Mother Dragon Tiamat must have
prearranged everything that happened to Souma. Liscia had chimed in saying that the Mother
Dragon was known as the god of matchmaking.
"You two are literally a match made in heaven. You can't get any better than that." - Rimuru
My eyes widened at this, while Souma couldn't help but grimace at the assessment.
"He's not wrong, but that is a simplistic way to put it." - Rio
"A prearranged love story... just like the title suggested." - Ainz
Something tells me... that I may find my answer here. - Ainz
Soon, they also noticed that Tiamat might have known where Souma came from, given that she
knew that the king would realize what Naden was and bring out her full potential.
"Hoh?" - Babylon
"How exactly does religion work in your world, King Souma?" - Lugh
"There are two major religions in our world: the Lunarian Orthodoxy, which is a religion that worships
these people called lunarians, which are said to have descended from the moon themselves, and the
Mother Dragon religion, which worships the Mother Dragon, the same one we are talking about here." Souma
People nodded at him in understanding.
"Has there been any conflicts that resulted from that?" - Rio
"From what I know, not really. There hasn't been much overlap between the two religions, and given that
they both have proof that their religions are valid, they can't try to disprove one another. They dislike
each other, yes, but that's as far as their relationship goes. They just leave each other alone for the most
part, and in the case of Friedonia, everyone celebrates each others' festivals given how inclusive our
country is." - Souma
"Sounds like your country has already figured out how to erase racism, huh? At least just in your
Kingdom." - Rimuru
"They've already had around 500 years to get used to it." - Souma
This made Souma regret not asking more questions, but Hakuya pointed out that, from his own
story, it would have probably been impossible for him to have gotten any more answers.
"What did that mean?" - Maria

"Madam Tiamat had... restrictions, let me just say that." - Souma
"Restrictions?" - Rimuru
That is odd. What could restrict a god like her from answering questions? Is it something like the very
rules of the universe, or something? Maybe a higher power? But even, then, there's something really off
about the way she's not allowed to answer questions. It feels like...
<Answer. It is remarkably similar to AI programs having operational restrictions that we see in Master's
original world.> - Raphael
That makes things a lot more complicated for Souma now. - Rimuru
Naden then noticed Juna staring at her, and Juna told her that her antlers looked like Excel's own
antlers, and they all theorized that the sea serpent race which Excel belongs to are actually
descended from ryuus, since they are really good at swimming and could have been mistaken for
sea creatures.
"So there are more ryuus out there?" - Maria
"Yeah, but I personally never saw them before."
Maybe it's because none of them learned to fly like I did. Well, I wouldn't have figured it out without
Souma anyway. It really does make me feel grateful to him.
After that discussion, Souma turned their attention back to the "storm" that is supposed to be
approaching.
"She said you were the 'key' to dealing with that storm, right?" Liscia asked, and I nodded in
affirmation.
"Yeah. If I factor in how she knew about Earth, I guess it may have something to do with how I was
summoned from another world. Also, it seems she'd chosen Naden as the one to carry me."
Madam Tiamat had mentioned that she needed me, the key to dealing with it, and a girl who would
carry me. It was more or less certain that the girl she meant was Naden. If there was anything I
questioned about it, it would be why that girl had to be Naden in particular. Liscia had her head
cocked to the side.
"A storm?" - Subaru
"It was not a natural phenomenon. It was an issue we had to deal with." - Souma
It was definitely a hassle.
"It's rather vague. This 'storm' doesn't seem like a natural phenomenon, does it?"
"There's no way it is," Naden said firmly. She seemed awfully sure of it. "When I'm in my ryuu form,
my whiskers are so sensitive that I can tell you what the weather in an area will be like for the next
week. If a storm was coming soon, there's no way I wouldn't sense it."
"Being able to sense the weather? Quite the unique and convenient ability, I suppose." - Beatrice
"How would that even work...?" - Sylphiette
"I don't know how it works myself. I was just able to do it naturally."

"Do we even want to have an explanation for that?" - Touya
"It's not like we can get an explanation inside the theater. Let's just leave it be." - Souma
"Seriously?!" I exclaimed. "That's super convenient!"
If we had Naden, we could start a weather forecast! We could start a weather corner on Chris
Tachyon's news program and broadcast it around the country. In her ryuu form, Naden could
probably fly around the country in a day, so if we could use that to put together even a rough weather
report, it would be a big help to the people.
I had to have Naden come to the kingdom now!
Despite being used to this now, I couldn't help but give Souma a deadpan look at him listing me off like a
useful product. I know that the guy is like this, but I can't help but be miffed by it.
"Sorry about that." - Souma
"You should be! Don't treat your brides-to-be like this, you idiot! You owe me one!"
"I know, I know." - Souma
"Souma... it's too easy to tell what you're thinking," Liscia said to me as I was getting all excited. It
was apparently written all over my face. I felt awkward about it, so I cleared my throat, then got back
to the main issue at hand.
"A-Anyway, in order to deal with this 'storm,' whatever it is, I'm sure I'll need to go back to the Star
Dragon Mountain Range again."
"I don't want you sticking your neck into anything dangerous," Liscia told me with a look of concern.
But I couldn't oblige her.
"If I don't stick my neck in this now, it'll be just as bad if the same calamity befalls us later as a result.
Besides, I don't know if this is a problem we can put off dealing with. If I'm going to regret it later,
thinking, 'Why didn't I do something back then?' then it's better to resolve the issue now, while I have
Madam Tiamat's guarantee that I can."
"Well, yes... that may be true, but..." I put a hand on the still-dissatisfied Liscia's shoulder.
"Normally, I leave the things I can't do to those who can. But if there's something that only I can do, I
have to be proactive about doing it. I have to set an example for the people."
"Well, compared to the other monarchs here, King Souma isn't that powerful, so there are only select
things that he can do all on his own. That means that he must do the things that he can do on his own." Yumina
"It's his duty as a ruler, and he understands that clearly." - Francois
"He isn't overpowered like Ainz, Rimuru, and Touya after all." - Subaru
"...Oh, fine, I get it." Liscia reluctantly accepted.
I stood up and walked over behind Naden's seat. Then, placing my hands on her shoulders, I said, "In
order to deal with this situation, I want to form a dragon knight contract with Naden. What that
basically means is that I'd be taking Naden as my fifth fiancée. Naden's not the type to be a primary
queen, so she'll probably become a secondary queen, which will give her more freedom." I looked

closely at Liscia, Juna, and Roroa's faces as I spoke. "But I have no intention of ignoring your
feelings. If you have any objections, now is the time to raise them."
"Primary queen and secondary queen?" - Rudeus
"In the kingdom, you can become one of two kinds of queens. Primary queen means that you have more
power and that your heir has a claim for the throne, but you have more responsibility and that you need to
be some kind or noble or royal family member. Secondary queen provides you with more freedom while
still getting treated as a queen, but your heir won't be inheriting the throne. This position is geared
towards those who value their freedom more, or those who doesn't belong to any noble lineage of some
sort." - Souma
"That is extremely convenient, and makes me wonder why more kingdoms doesn't have this sort of
policy." - Rimuru
"It isn't that simple, Rimuru. The only reason why that country can have that sort of policy is because of
their openness to diversity, something that is extremely rare. That sort of policy wouldn't fly in any other
country." - Gazel
"Well, that doesn't really detract from the fact that it is convenient." - Rimuru
"It is." - Souma
"U-Um... I look forward to working with you." Naden stood up and bowed her head.
The other two abstained from giving their opinions, opting to defer to Liscia's opinion as the first
primary queen. Liscia sighed, then asked Souma questions.
First, she asked him whether he will really take her as his queen, to which he said yes.
Then, Liscia asked whether this was his decision as a ruler, or his personal feelings. Souma decided
to be honest and say that it was his decision as a ruler. Not only is she a capable individual, but she
would also give him a connection to the Star Dragon Mountain Range and he can appeal to the
authority of the first king by making a contract with a dragon just like he did.
Many of the girls stared at Souma dirtily, but before they could say anything, I spoke up first.
"I don't really blame him for that. He is a king taking care of his country, first and foremost, and despite
how much it stung to hear at the time, how would you expect him to fall for me within a day, especially
considering what happened to him? No matter how many romance novels I read, even I think that's
stupid."
The moment I said that, most of those girls who turned to glare at Souma, especially some of Touya's
fiancees all looked away in embarrassment.
He didn't like talking as if she was a handy tool, but he had to make decisions like this as a king.
Liscia knew this, so asked him how he felt about her personally.
"I have a good impression of her... but I don't know yet," I admitted. "We've only just met, after all."
I could see Touya nodding to himself, as if what Souma had said was something he really agreed with.
It gave me a strange premonition on how he met his own fiancees, and it almost made me chuckle.

Naden hung her head. No, I wasn't trying to put that sort of look on her face. I wanted to make sure
she listened to what I had to say until the end, so I placed a hand on Naden's shoulder.
"But I think I can come to love her." Naden's face shot up. I smiled at her.
"Unlike all of the other women in this world, Naden isn't tied down by things like the concerns of her
house, or the need to produce an heir. Even in times like these, she has the power to live all by herself
if she chooses. Her free spirit reminds me of the women back in my homeland. When I was with
Naden, relaxing in her cave, reading books, or watching broadcasts on her simplified receiver, it
reminded me of life in my old world. If I have Naden with me, I feel like it'll keep me from losing sight
of who I once was." I looked Liscia straight in the eye as I spoke.
Comparing how me and Souma met and now seeing how he and Liscia met in person, I can now
somewhat understand what he meant by that.
Despite her objections about being married off to Souma, the moment she was ordered to help by him,
she swallowed down her objections and decided to help him do his work. If it was me, while I would
have probably helped him, I definitely would have complained all the way through.
She was locked down by her obligations, I wasn't. That's what Souma meant when he said that I was free,
and that my free spirit would allow Souma to not lose sight of who he was.
In his words, someone ordinary that was given an extraordinary role.
Huh, since when have I been so wise?
"Besides, though Naden's birth and abilities may be special, she's an incredibly ordinary girl."
"Whoa, Souma!" Naden objected. But I hadn't meant that in a bad way. The way she laughed, cried,
dealt with her complexes, sulked, fell in love... There couldn't have been many girls in this era who
were so girly.
"Really?" - Touya
"Trust me, once you guys probably see our first meeting, you'll understand what I mean." - Souma
Now that I think about it, my first interaction with Souma was very much like how some people in the
romance novels I read meet. That's... going to be so embarrassing...
"I find that ordinariness charming," I said. "So... I'm sure I can love her."
After he expressed his opinion, Liscia turned to Naden, and asked to talk to her alone while taking
a bath. Meanwhile, both Roroa and Juna proceed to interrogate Souma as to what happened
between the two of them.
In the baths, Naden looked utterly confused about what is currently happening. Liscia was just
casually cleaning her while Naden is trying to call out to someone to explain what was currently
going on.
"Hey! Don't you all dare look!" - Souma
He was able to get a word in before either me and Liscia could, and despite the fact that he's probably one
of the weaker people in the room, his sheer fury made a lot of people flinch, to the point that even some
of the girls looked away.

He himself was looking away. He may have seen both me and Liscia naked before, but since he didn't
have our express consent in the matter, he still made sure not to look. Me and Liscia were simply just
blushing in embarrassment.
"Is this really necessary?" - Rimuru
"We really should not be looking at this." - Rudeus
"You people are exaggerating. It's censored. You guys wouldn't see a thing besides their heads and
Naden's tail." - Everlasting
Taking an experimental look at the screen, I sighed heavily in relief at the paused scene in front of us,
showing the two of our bodies heavily obscured by the fog of the bath, more than it should have been,
probably made by the god in front of us. The moment my sigh was heard, everyone began looking as
well one by one and also sighed in relief seeing the censorship.
"That's much better..." - Satsuki
"I can't believe that actually happened..." - Roxy
"Let's hope that there's not going to be any more important scenes that take place in the baths..." - Rio
"Now you just jinxed it..." - Rudeus
When she asked why she was cleaning her up, Liscia stated that she looked messy and that she
should take better care of her appearance, though she said that she was not one to talk about
something like that until much recently.
After some small talk, Liscia decided to ask Naden why she wanted to marry Souma. She stared at
her intently which tipped Naden off that she'd see through any good sounding answer she might
give, so she gave her an honest answer.
"Because... Souma showed me the me I had never known!" I decided to stand up in the tub, and hit
her with exactly how I felt. "He taught me that I was a type of dragon called a ryuu. He taught me
how to fly. He taught me what I always wanted to know, about what sort of being I am. That's why I
want to be with Souma, the one who understands me! I want to be the dragon Souma rides!"
The heartfelt revelation left people cooing, especially the girls, while I could distinctly see Souma
blushing at what I had just said.
"Well, if that isn't enough to make a girl fall in love with you, I don't know what will." - Rimuru
"To be honest, it is such a shame we're seeing the tail-end of this. I would have loved seeing this built
up!" - Satsuki
"Taught you how to fly? You couldn't fly before?" - Teacher
I was about to answer him, but the Everlasting stared at me intently, so I decided to answer safely.
"It was... a thing."
The implication was apparent, so no one asked anything.
"I heard all of that in Souma's explanation," Liscia said quietly. "But can you say with certainty that
those feelings are your own? Madam Tiamat was the one who sent Souma to your side, wasn't she?"

She'd hit upon a sore point. But... if I backed down here, what kind of woman would I be? I brought
my hand to my chest, then looked straight back into her eyes.
"You're right, Madam Tiamat may have arranged for Souma and me to meet. But, I can say without a
doubt, my desire to be with Souma is entirely my own." Liscia's eyes went wide when she heard my
once-in-a-lifetime confession. I turned the question on Liscia.
"Or what... Are you going to tell me that a love that starts out prearranged by someone else isn't real
love?"
Only some of the people gasped at that, but it was loud enough that it could be heard throughout the
entire theater.
It was as if I said something incredibly profound to them, which... I did. I did say something that
profound.
"She's... not wrong." - Rimuru
"Damn, that was really deep." - Rudeus
"Too much sugar!" - Subaru
However, aside from the people that was surprised by my sudden wisdom, there was one person that I
saw contemplate it more than the others.
It was that other protagonist, Ainz Ooal Gown.
To be honest, I find him creepy. How couldn't I? He looks exactly like those villains that you see in those
epic hero tales. He looks like death incarnate!
He'd been silent for most of these viewings, probably because nothing that is being shown right now
interests him in any way. Even now he's quiet, but I saw the red orbs in his eyes enlarge a little before
going back to normal, as if what I said was significant to him.
A love that is prearranged by someone else is still real love, huh? I made her that way, but... that doesn't
make it false. I really do have to take responsibility for that. - Ainz
After that, Liscia sunk down to her tub in embarrassment, then told Naden that she had a point.
Every single one of Souma's wives so far, including her, never met in a normal manner whatsoever.
She proceeded to explain everything that has happened between Souma and his fiancées , and she
was very much surprised.
Of course, none of it was explained fully to anyone. It wasn't necessarily a bad thing, given that I know
all of this already, but I do feel bad for the people who are genuinely curious.
"Truthfully, the only one we didn't know here is Roroa-san's..." - Satsuki
"It's a story best shown in full rather than explained in summary, so yeah, I'm not gonna show them here."
- Everlasting
People grumbled, but in the end, nobody said anything more.
I was speechless. If everything she'd just said was true, not one of Souma's fiancées had met and
fallen in love with him under ordinary circumstances. No, I'd been reading romance novels, so I knew
that the restrictions placed on people by their families could get involved in their love lives. And the

view that dragons took on love, with their marriage to a knight practically already decided, wasn't
much better... But still!
"I'll admit that out of everyone, Naden is probably the only one I had the most normal romance with.
Nothing wrong with the others, but..." - Souma
"I agree with you, Souma. There is nothing romantic about you and me doing paperwork together as our
first meeting." - Liscia
The two of them, along with me and many others, chuckled at what Liscia had said.
Seriously, I'm still surprised that that was how they met.
"And... none of you are dissatisfied?" I asked hesitantly. Liscia grinned.
"You were the one who said a love prearranged by someone else can still be real love, Naden. I think
that no matter what brought us together, what's really important is the time you spend together after
that."
Liscia moved over next to me. Right now, she and I were sitting so close our shoulders were almost
touching.
"Why does it look like the two of you are the ones confessing to one another?" - Souma
An amused expression was on his face as he said that, while people either chuckled or blushed at his
comment. The two of us just blushed in embarrassment again as we both remembered what Liscia said
that day.
With a gleeful look in her eye, Liscia said, "To tell you the truth, I was a little worried."
"Worried?"
"We've all overcome a lot of things together with Souma. Like getting this country back on its feet, the
war with Amidonia, and the negotiations that came after. It was coming through all of that together
that's forged the tight bond we have between us. We're like a family."
Family...
"The one thing that King Souma values above all else." - Lugh
In our short time here, it looks like many had already understood that aspect of Souma's values and
personality.
Liscia continued to speak. "That's why I was concerned... about whether you'd join us in that, and
whether you could get used to that family atmosphere. Souma places great importance on how much
we feel like a family. That's because we're the family that Souma finally found after his sole
remaining relatives in his original world, his grandmother and grandfather, passed away."
"You know, this really made me appreciate those who came first." - Elze
"What do you mean, Sis?" - Linze
"If Yumina was more selfish than she is, do you think that we would have been able to freely express our
feelings to Touya?" - Elze

It looks like she hit the nail right in the head as the other eight fiancees of the Grand Duke all sighed, as if
knowing the answer.
"That is not the world we live in, though." - Yumina
"We know, but that still makes you wonder, right?" - Lucia
"It's the same with Lady Liscia. If not for her efforts, King Souma's relationships would be a lot more
fraught with complication." - Hilde
Meanwhile, Rudeus shot a grateful look at Sylphiette, communicating a silent message to her.
"There's a reason all of us respect Big Sis Cia, you know!" - Roroa
"Indeed, she is someone that needs to be appreciated." - Juna
Liscia blushed even more in embarrassment as everyone heaped praise on her.
I couldn't say a word. I'd been thinking of my own feelings first, but Liscia had been thinking about
Souma and their family. I could see why Souma trusted her.
This is... the kind of resolve it takes to be the first primary queen, I realized.
In a show of concern for me, who had lost the ability to speak, Liscia continued in a peaceful tone. "If
it seemed like you wouldn't be able to fit into this atmosphere, I intended to oppose your contract. If
you couldn't become a member of the family, I don't think that Souma or I, or even you yourself,
Naden, would be happy with that. I wanted to see for myself whether you could or not, and that's why I
arranged for us to be alone together."
Liscia turned and looked me straight in the eyes.
"So, Naden, do you think you can fit in? Do you think you can think, not just of Souma, but the rest of
us as family, too? If you can... we'll welcome you."
I looked at my own feelings. I didn't have Liscia's resolve yet. But... that was only true for now.
"I don't really understand this 'family' stuff," I admitted. "We dragons will protect the blood relatives
of our contractors to the death, but we aren't really a race with a strong concept of family."
"I see..."
"Still, that's all the more reason why I know the loneliness of solitude. I'm a ryuu, and was even more
isolated compared to the other dragons, so I understand how gratifying it is to have friends, the glee of
finding someone who understands you, and Souma's desire to have someone at his side. So..." I stood
up, turned to Liscia, and bowed my head to her. "Please, make me a member of your family."
Nobody said anything as we all witnessed a turning point in my life unfold before all of us.
"Souma and Liscia, I thank the two of you from the bottom of my heart. You welcomed me in your
family and took my loneliness away from me. I am truly grateful."
The two of them were surprised by my sudden formality, but it was momentary as the both of them
smiled at me.
"You're amazing, Naden. How could I not welcome you?" - Souma

"You're welcome, Naden." - Liscia
While my eyes were shut tight, and I was waiting for Liscia's response, something touched my hands,
which were resting on my lap. I opened my eyes to find that Liscia had taken my hand. Then, hand in
hand with me, Liscia stood up, too, turning to me with a grin.
"Naden Delal, as the candidate to be Souma's first primary queen, I welcome you. Thank you for
coming to this country, coming to be with Souma."
"Liscia..."
"Hee hee! The way we are now, you'd think it was the two of us who were getting married."
"See?! It looked like the two of you were the ones confessing to each other!" - Souma
"Actually, I'm surprised that none of these groups ended up as a polycule." - Rimuru
That one sentence made a lot of people blush. A LOT of people. Including me.
"Demon Lord Rimuru pulled out the forbidden word!" - Subaru
"He did! What a brave soul!" - Rudeus
"I'm just genuinely surprised, I guess." - Rimuru
"We... don't really swing that way..." - Sylphiette
"T-T-That is..." - Linze
"You can't just say that..." - Liscia
"Teacher, what's a polycule?" - Fran
"I'll... tell you later, Fran." - Teacher
"Ahaha, you might be right."
Liscia then informed her that she needed to convince Aisha as well, but with Souma asking, she is
sure to accept it.
The next day, Souma was handed a bunch of important documents by Hakuya, who said that since
he was already here, he may as well sign them. He was exhausted during Roroa and Juna's
interrogation, but felt that this was necessary so didn't complain.
While he was working, he heard a knock on the door and saw both Naden and Liscia enter.
Souma noticed Naden first, and he remarked how cute she was. Her appearance made him think of
the yamato nadeshiko, the hypothetical ideal Japanese woman. He complimented her, and the way
she acted upon being complimented was something that he found cute as well.
"You look beautiful, Naden-san!" - Rem
"She really does look charming!" - Satsuki
"Cute!" - Yumina
"T-Thank you..."

He turned to Liscia, and was immediately exasperated by the fact that she was dressed like she was
ready for travel. She was blatantly trying to tag along with Souma and the rest. Due to the fact that
they can quickly go back and forth between Friedonia and the Star Dragon Mountain Range,
Liscia is now free to go with Souma.
Her insistence to travel with him made both Roroa and Juna complain, but she managed to
convince them, and much to Souma's dismay, she was allowed to go with him.
Souma can only hold his head in his hands while Naden patted him in the shoulder.
Souma loudly groaned at remembering this scene again, while Liscia blushed sheepishly.
"In the end, nothing bad happened, didn't it?" - Liscia
"Considering your condition at the time... I daresay we were lucky nothing had happened!" - Souma
This time, it was Souma who was exasperated at her antics, while she could say nothing in her defense,
so she just apologized.

"That was so sweet!" Sylphiette said as I blushed in embarrassment at seeing all of that again.
"It was really emotional. Their relationship is really touching." Lugh commented with a smile on his face.
"I feel really happy for them." Rem remarked.
"I'm glad that I managed to see the way forward now." Ainz whispered quietly, and despite his bony face,
it was easy to tell that he was happy.
"Now that the episode is over, it's time for us to dive into the Sword world next with the next episode,
"Black Cats"!" the Everlasting announced once more.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

Our first non-protagonist POV chapter! I hope you guys enjoyed the perspective of my favorite of
Souma's wives from Realist Hero! Naden is a really fun character to write, so I hope I managed to
nail her character here! Anyway, the next one will be more intense, so buckle up! I hope you guys
enjoyed this chapter and thank you for reading!

Chapter 23: 1st Cycle Chapter 9: Kiara's Sacrifice
Chapter Summary

A desperate battle takes place within the depths of a dungeon and tragedy strikes.
Unfortunately, reality is about to truly set in for the theater.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Teacher's POV
The future, huh?
I don't really know what to feel right now. It was one thing to be told that we're seeing the future, but it's
another to actually be able to experience it now. I just hope that whatever we see here wouldn't be too
bad.
"Are there any questions?" the Everlasting asked, given that we were shown the past in the previous
episode, and as expected, some people did have questions.
"Are you now closer to the truth as to what this Lady Tiamat is, Your Majesty?" Lugh asked.
"No, not really. I haven't really looked into it as much, since I had other matters to deal with. If the
theater doesn't show it, I'll definitely look into it more." Souma said.
"What about the storm? I know you probably handled it, but do you know exactly what caused it?"
Rimuru was the next one who asked, and Souma shook his head.
"Unfortunately not. That whole incident is still one big mystery to me. I don't even know where to begin
investigating it." Souma said in frustration as he scratched his head. "There are still other problems that I
need to deal with, so I can't make any progress in this front."
Other problems, huh? Sounds serious.
We couldn't ask about them, though, since it probably runs into spoiler territory.
"Has it been confirmed to you that Naden was truly prearranged to be your partner, Your Majesty?" Rio
asked, and Souma nodded.
"Yeah, basically." Souma answered casually. "It was truly fated, to be honest."
Everyone just nodded, and I couldn't help but think back to my first meeting with Fran, which is
reasonable given that we had just watched it. Despite everyone's insistence that fate didn't exist in our
world, our meeting looked like it had been ordained by fate itself to happen. It was insane honestly.
However, I am grateful, since I managed to meet Fran.
Now, it was time for us to catch a glimpse of what the future held for us.

"It is time for us to watch the Sword world this time! Let us begin!" the Everlasting declared.

The scene opens with Theraclede having just stabbed Murelia in the back. He gloated, saying that
he couldn't believe that a Fiend would ever wish for the safety of a child.
"What is he doing here?!" - Fran
I could feel the anger coming out of Fran, but that was understandable. We had just fought this guy very
recently after all.
Meanwhile, some of the audience members flinched at seeing Theraclede stab the woman.
"Welp, our streak of relaxing episodes has come to an end." - Subaru
"We had to get another fight scene sooner or later..." - Rudeus
"He is... an enemy of yours, I take it?" - Ainz
"Theraclede. He was a pesky man we fought very recently. I suppose we're going to see him again in the
future, and that's not something I'm looking forward to."
Before we can say anything more, the dungeon master Lumina stood up in shock as she recognized the
person who was just stabbed, who we had just now realized is a Black Cat.
"Lady Murelia...!" - Lumina
Both Fran and Kiara's eyes also widened at the sight of the Black Cat, and turned to Lumina silently for
questions.
"I cannot tell you everything due to the restrictions, but I can tell you that she is hostile to all beastmen,
and is part of the reason why Black Cats couldn't evolve." - Lumina
That, of course, got Fran and Kiara's attention, but due to the restrictions, she probably couldn't ask for
anything more. That is unfortunate, considering that her involvement wouldn't be explained in this
episode since she was probably dead.
I did catch Theraclede calling her a Fiend, and that was not a good thing.
Teacher, looking on at the scene, was terribly confused. He couldn't believe that Murelia of all
people would wish for the Magnolian heir to be saved. He thought all about what he perceived to
be her motives, which is vengeance against the Beastman kingdom, and thought to himself whether
that was wrong or not.
"Looks like my future self knows more about her, and from what I'm saying, she is not a good person."
"Vengeance, huh?" - Rigdith
I wonder what was up with that Magnolian heir thing my future self mentioned?
He did know that when Romeo came of age, Basharl may use them for their own ends or even try
to sacrifice him, and Murelia didn't want that. However, with both Linford and the dungeon
master looming over her, she couldn't try and save him so easily.
"Of course Linford is involved in this matter..."

"At least he's dead now." - Amanda
"The fact that he's causing trouble even when he's dead is the problem, Amanda."
"Man, you two have your fair share of enemies, too, don't you?" - Rimuru
"Yep, each troublesome in their own right."
Despite how much it made sense, Teacher still couldn't figure out whether it was all true, given that
it was Murelia. Before they could figure it out, though, Theraclede had come in and killed her.
Theraclede's Malice was now even more abundant than before, making him into even more a Fiend
than he was at Bulbola. Due to the experiments done to him by both Linford and Zelyse, and his
Cannibalize skill which allowed him to absorb the powers of those he killed, he was now more
powerful than before.
"We need to get stronger, Teacher." - Fran
It was a simple statement, but one made with absolute determination.
"Yeah."
We both knew that we had to do this, of course, but it's better to repeat it again and again.
Urslars readied his sword and stepped forward. The two talked to one another, but the party was
growing increasingly nervous. Not only is Theraclede emanating an absurd amount of Malice, but
Urslars was close to going berserk. Their only option was escape.
"Shit. Things just got complicated." - Kiara
She spoke up, causing us to turn to her.
"You know him?" - Fran
"He's an S-rank adventurer called Friendly Fire Urslars. He's an ogre that owns the Land Sword Gaia, a
Godsword, which can use extremely powerful Land magic, carving out landscapes. He has a race skill
Mad Ogre Form that makes it so that the longer he fights, he goes berserk and is unable to tell friend
from foe. That's why he prefers to travel alone." - Kiara
"Wait, so not only does he go crazy the longer he fights, he owns a Godsword, too? That is not good." Rudeus
"It looks like he is close to his breaking point, too." - Roxy
"He is probably stronger than that guy, though. He can probably just finish this fight quickly." - Touya
"Let's hope he does." - Kiara
Unfortunately for them, not only is the door to the room they're in not opening, but they can't
teleport out either. They were completely trapped unless they manage to open the door.
Theraclede noticed Fran, but after some taunting, he turned back to Urslars, whom he was itching
to fight with.
Urslars urged Kiara and the others to escape, but they still couldn't open the door, which left him
no choice but to fight Theraclede.

"Now they have a time limit, but at least they have a goal in mind." - Rio
"This is not going to be easy, but I'll be damned if our future selves didn't try anyway!" - Kiara
The two combatants then clashed blades, sending multitude of shockwaves in the dungeon. While
Urslars was winning the fight due to the effectiveness of Godswords against Fiends and the power
of Godswords in general, Mad Ogre Form will take hold soon and Urslars will go berserk.
"Damn! They really are powerful!" - Subaru
"An enemy that resilient is not something they want right now." - Lugh
"He has a Godsword! Surely this should be quick!" - Dia
"He could defeat him easily with that, but that means collapsing the dungeon they're on. He can't unleash
his full power in there. Unfortunately, the chances are low that he can defeat this Fiend before he goes
berserk." - Alistaire
A terrifying prospect, but as a Godsmith, she probably knows how powerful Godswords are more than
anyone else. Hell, she probably knows who this Urslars is!
Soon enough, disaster struck and Mad Ogre Form took hold of Urslars. He began to go wild in the
battlefield, losing his sanity and going on a rampage. The clash between the two reached a
crescendo, and the rest of the party were being overwhelmed.
Curses, groans, and gasps flew all around the theater as Urslars went berserk. I could see Fran tensing in
her seat. The power Urslars showed was incredible, definitely befitting of his adventurer rank.
"That's... an S-rank..." - Fran
She was definitely amazed. It was the first time she's seen something like this before after all. It definitely
pales in comparison to what we've seen Amanda do.
Still, that berserker skill of his is really annoying.
Wait... skill?
"As justified you are as being amazed by Urslars, this is really bad." - Kiara
"Mad Ogre Form is a skill, right, Kiara?"
"Yeah." - Kiara
"Then we have a possible solution to this."
"You do?" - Alistaire
"If my future self doesn't come up with it, I'll tell you."
A few moments into him going berserk, he raised his Godsword and released its power, sending out
massive amounts of mana and finally making Teacher realized why Godswords are called
superweapons. He couldn't even use Identity properly on it anymore. That's how powerful it
became.
The fight continued, with Theraclede still on the backfoot but clearly still catching up to Urslars'
power. Everytime the Godsword struck him in some fashion, he can just regenerate the damage he

incurred. Their fight now caused even more damage to the dungeon.
Fearing that they may get more injured if they let this continue, Teacher came up with a plan to
deal with this threat. He was going to take the Mad Ogre Form skill with his Skill Taker.
"Yes! That's it!"
I jumped up to my seat, or the equivalent of jumping since I'm a sword, as the plan I came up with in my
mind to neutralize this problem was the same one my future self came up with.
"Skill Taker, huh? Fascinating..." - Alistaire
"Isn't that a little too broken?" - Subaru
"I can't use the skill all the time."
"At least they managed to solve the problem. Now Urslars can fight Theraclede safely." - Sellimea
Why... do I have this foreboding feeling? - Rimuru
I don't think it's over just yet. - Lugh
"I have a question about this "Mad Ogre Form". It's a skill that makes him go berserk the longer he
fights, yes?" - Ainz
"Yeah. It makes him stronger, but it makes him more violent." - Kiara
"I see. The question is: Does the skill only work on living beings, or does it work for so long as you have
sentience?" - Ainz
That question made a lot of people worry, including me.
"Let's hope that it only works on living beings, but I'm not very optimistic about that." - Lugh
It was terribly risky but both Fran and Teacher knew that they have no choice. And so, Teacher
used Skill Taker to take Mad Ogre Form.
Fortunately, they managed to succeed in stealing away the Mad Ogre Form and return Urslars
back to normal.
Unfortunately...
"Yeah..."
"Teacher?"
"Woof?"
Huh...?
"Te...er!"
What? Who was that? Oh, it was Fran. Of course it was Fran.
Eaaaaaaaagh!
The urge to destroy suddenly rose within me. The world went red.

What was I doing?! Why was I just sitting here when my User was in danger? Why wasn't I fighting?!
There was an Ogre and a Fiend in this room. They were going to hurt Fran!
They had to die!
Fight! Destroy! Kill them all!
Haaaaargh!
Fight!
Destroy Fran's enemies!
GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA!
"Shit!"
That singular word summarized everything that almost everybody in the theater felt.
"I sincerely hoped I wasn't right..." - Lugh
"Why can't things be easy for once?!" - Rudeus
"Honestly, asking for something like that is a tall order at this point." - Subaru
"I can still hope!" - Rudeus
How can we prevent this entire thing from happening anyway?
That was the entire point of why we agreed to this whole thing in the first place, but given the severely
lacking information we have now, it would be really difficult to even attempt to find a solution for this.
I guess taking notes is all we can do for now, then we can just figure out a plan once we know more.
Trying to find a solution to this when we don't know everything is just stupid. Let's just watch and take in
as much information as we can for now.
It was now Teacher who had gone berserk. Mea, who had approached Fran after she has succeeded
stealing Mad Ogre Form, was hit by a shrill telepathic scream of anger. Mea guessed that it was
Teacher.
"I'm there, too?! What's going on here?" - Mea
This is probably where Mea appears in our lives, I guess. Based on where she should be, me and Fran
along with out new companions are probably somewhere around the Beast Kingdom.
It took quite some time, but we're here now.
"It looks like you and Miss Fran become companions, and it also looks like your future self have
knowledge of Teacher's existence." - Quina
Before they could react, the sword shot out of Fran's hands, went straight to Theraclede, shot a
massive beam of energy, and began fighting him.
Kiara was confused as to what was happening, but Quina managed to quickly cover up the truth
about Teacher by simply saying that Fran's sword took Mad Ogre Form and is now going berserk

on its own.
"Normally, you would be questioning why Fran's sword would begin rampaging on its own, but..." Rudeus
"In the heat of the moment, you probably wouldn't stop to think about it." - Roxy
"Still, though, Teacher definitely became even more powerful than when we last saw him. We've never
even seen him shoot lightning before, especially something that massive." - Subaru
"It is indeed incredibly impressive." - Reinhard
"Let's be more impressed when he's not rampaging like crazy." - Touya
Mea watched in awe as the sword threw three massive pillars of lightning at Theraclede, which
were definitely grand spells, then struck Theraclede in the torso which hurt him due to the Fiend
Crusher it had, then used Unleash Potential, which further increased its power.
Mea looked frustrated at not being able to summon this power from Lind.
She sighed at hearing her own thoughts, probably reflecting her frustration over the situation.
"No spoilers!" - Everlasting
It is getting frustrating how much of this we wouldn't understand, and questioned whether the random
order is even a good idea at this point, but really, we have no choice.
"I will get stronger." - Mea
It was a quiet oath all to herself, but many of us heard it. She probably didn't mind, though.
Teacher continued to press Theraclede, with him transforming himself into a multitude of sharp
needles to pin him down, though he managed to dodge it with him losing an arm in the process.
However, Teacher wasn't done as he then used Skycutter to cut through not only Theraclede, but
practically everything. The rest of the party barely managed to dodge the attack because of Kiara,
but they are still not out of the woods yet due to Teacher still being berserk and transforming into a
metal wolf.
"What the heck?!" - Subaru
"Such power..." - Crusch
"Amazing..." - Fran
"Skycutter, eh? You have gone quite far." - Rigdith
"How the hell are they going to stop him from rampaging?! - Touya
The moment my future self turned into a wolf, I could practically hear the gears in all of their heads
turning.
"Yeah, I'm definitely convinced that Teacher is related to Fenrir." - Garrus
"The wolf imagery... plus their summoned familiar... This is quite interesting." - Alistaire
"Teacher, do you think you can do that?" - Fran

"I probably could, but that would require a lot of effort on my part. Do you want me to turn into that?"
"No, I want to wield Teacher, but it would be cool." - Fran
"I agree, it would be cool."
Everyone immediately rushed to escape the dungeon, as they managed to get the door open. They
all immediately ran towards the exit, but Theraclede spotted them and tried to stop Kiara from
escaping, which prevented the old Black Cat from getting to Fran, still shocked and motionless.
Mea, thankfully, managed to set aside her fear and push Fran out of the dungeon, leaving Kiara
behind to fight off Theraclede.
"What will happen to you, Lady Kiara?!" - Mea
"Don't worry about an old woman like me, damn it! You guys need to run away from there!" - Kiara
"But Teacher is-!" - Fran
"You will get him back." - Kiara
It was increasingly getting unlikely that I would easily be able to do that, but the sheer conviction in her
voice silenced us.
Kiara grimaced at her situation. Not only is Teacher going berserk and is attacking
indiscriminately, Theraclede is stopping her from leaving. Seeing no choice but to stay there and
holding them both off, she used Flashing Thunderclap and began her battle.
"Flashing Thunderclap?!" - Lumina
For the second time, the dungeon master stood up from her seat, but this time, instead of sadness, she was
elated instead.
"You know that, Lumina?" - Kiara
"That technique... is something that only Evolved Black Cats can use." - Lumina
It took a few seconds for everyone to process the information, before Fran stammered it out.
"Evolved... Black Cats...?" - Fran
Kiara stared at her form on screen, and bellowed out in laughter.
"Hahahahahahahahahahahahaha! I can't believe it! My dream! My life's goal! It's right in front of my
eyes!" - Kiara
"You did it, Master." - Rigdith
"Congratulations, Lady Kiara." - Quina
Soon, many congratulated her on doing the impossible, while Kiara's wide smile never faded. However,
amidst the commotion and the temporary celebration, Fran began crying silently.
"It's possible... Teacher... Black Cats can evolve! The proof is right there!" - Fran
She wasn't sad at all, though. She was happy, incredibly happy. Seeing that her goal is actually something
that may be within her reach probably kindled her motivation even further than it already did.

"Yeah. We can do it, Fran. We can do it!"
"Hm!"
"You'll be able to do it, Fran-chan! I'm rooting for you!" - Amanda
"You can definitely evolve, Fran!" - Mea
The celebration did not last long, though, as the reality of the situation set in. Despite her evolution, it
was clear that she was still going to struggle against my rampaging self and Theraclede.
It was clear from the beginning that she was struggling immensely in the battle. She had no clear
way of defeating either the rampaging Teacher or Theraclede, and she's barely evading their own
attacks due to her Evolving and Awakening. She was in a tough spot right now. It was only her
experience and Theraclede playing with her that is allowing her to remain alive.
"I have... a bad feeling about this." - Lugh
Despite wanting to rebuke him for saying that, no one spoke. It was clear that the situation is dire, and
unless a miracle happens, this can end really badly for Kiara.
"Please...live..." - Fran
Fortunately, she managed to buy enough time for Teacher to take enough damage for him to stop
rampaging. The metal wolf that he was crumbled, and only a broken sword remained. Things are
not over yet for Kiara, however, as she still has to contend with Theraclede. Despite her struggling
to even be able to stand upright, she still tried her damnedest to fight Theraclede in hopes of
buying time for the others.
The relief on everyone's faces as my future self stopped rampaging was incredibly clear.
"One problem down." - Rio
"At least, Teacher wouldn't be a problem anymore!" - Celia
"The situation is still bad, though." - Rimuru
She resolved to do as much as she could for the sake of Fran, the one she considered her
granddaughter.
"Granddaughter, huh?" - Kiara
The woman then stood up and approached Fran, and started ruffling her head.
"Why don't we talk more after this episode is finished, Fran?" - Kiara
"Hm!" - Fran
It warmed my heart seeing Fran bond with someone like her. My wielder really needed it.
Just as she tried fighting again, a voice came into her head. It was Teacher, who had recovered
from the effects of Mad Ogre Form and has now decided to talk to Kiara in hopes of making her
turn off Flashing Thunderclap. After all, if she doesn't, she'll die. Kiara refused, saying that if she
did, Theraclede will cut her down with ease. Besides, she is satisfied with this outcome, dying
protecting those she loves in a battle. There was nothing more she could ever ask for.

A chill set in on everyone's spine as the implication of that line was made incredibly clear.
"No! Master Kiara!" - Mea
"No! Please don't die!" - Fran
I mentally gritted myself as the me on screen straight up told Kiara that she was going to die. Despite
having only met her very recently, both of us cared for Kiara. Besides Lumina, who was a dungeon
master, Kiara was the only Black Cat that was near Fran's strength and someone who could have become
Fran's family besides me. The prospect of seeing her dying was not something I wanted to see.
"Fran, you and I both know that if I'm going to die, it is to something like this. A battle protecting the
ones I love." - Kiara
The old lady did not seem at all horrified about the prospect of her death, which unfortunately made
sense given her age.
She now knew with the revelation of Teacher's existence that she wouldn't be dooming Fran to a
life of solitude, so she can now die in peace and happiness. With this, the both of them came up
with a plan to beat Theraclede.
"If she's going to die, then at least let them take down that guy, damn it!" - Subaru
"Indeed. Let us hope that they emerge out of this victorious." - Julius J.
"Please! Let them win!" - Touya
First, he instructed Kiara to pick him up, but to not equip him, as he had a restriction that made it
so that if anyone equipped him besides Fran, they will suffer horribly.
"Hm?" - Fran
Despite her sadness over what could be Kiara's death, she couldn't help but be confused by that.
"A user restriction? I'm not complaining given that I have no intention of being wielded by anyone other
than Fran, but that would be annoying."
"I wonder what could have happened..." - Alistaire
Despite me asking that, I have a strange feeling that the gods are somehow involved in that, but why? Alistaire
Then, he told her to throw him straight at Theraclede so he can pin him down. It was a simple
plan, but that was all he could do right now to stop him.
After managing to snatch him up off the floor, she used a feint to catch Theraclede off-guard then
threw Teacher at him, who used Transmogrify to turn himself into needles to pin into Theraclede's
right leg and keep him rooted in one spot.
"Hold on, my future self! Don't you dare let him go!"
I shouted louder than I have in my entire lifetime as a sword, but I didn't care. This was important!
"Don't let this all be in vain!"

Meanwhile, Kiara readied one of her strongest attacks, just as Fran returned back to the room
after hearing Teacher's screams.
With a scream full of fury and determination, Kiara unleashed her Black Lightning God Claw. A
blade of shadowy lightning appeared on her hand, coated with divine energy.
"Hit him!" - Subaru
"Go for it! Take him down!" - Rimuru
"Defeat him!" - Touya
"Strike him down!" - Ainz
"Do it!" - Souma
"You can do it!" - Rudeus
"Here it comes!" - Rio
"Victory is yours!" - Lugh
Due to the state of her body, the attack was about to miss, but Teacher used the last of his strength
to use Telekinesis to correct the course of her attack which helped her slice off his left arm.
Not only did his Malice energy levels plummet significantly, but he couldn't heal the wound due to
the divine energy. Satisfied with what she's done, Kiara collapsed into the floor, with Teacher
unable to do anything else.
"YES!"
The audience exploded once more with celebration. While some of us knew that Kiara will probably not
survive the encounter, it didn't stop us from being happy that at the very least, Theraclede was stopped.
Theraclede glared at them, but knew that he couldn't do anything after having lost an arm, so after
commenting that the Beastmen may have been descendants of the Godbeast, he ran away,
declaring that Kiara had won fair and square.
"They won." - Rio
The mood became more subdued than earlier, but the relief from their victory was still palpable.
"Godbeast?"
"A powerful and wise being that once existed, whose power was second only to the gods. " - Lumina
"Is he right?" - Rimuru
"I cannot say." - Lumina
Kiara may have won, but victory cost her dearly. The last of her life force has been expelled, and
she was now truly on death's door. She didn't mind though. She went out in a blaze of glory, being
able to use all of the powers of a Black Sky Tiger. There was nothing more she could ever ask for.
As I expected, the celebratory mood dampened as we saw Kiara lay there dying.

"Master..." - Rigdith
"Master Kiara..." - Mea
Those who knew her all looked sadly at the screen, and I can't blame them. Despite being alive and well
right now, the person they cared about was dying in front of them. Anyone would be sad upon seeing
that.
Fran also started crying, too. She couldn't bear seeing her die like this.
Fran went to her side, trying desperately to heal her, but it was too late. It was a miracle that Kiara
could even talk.
"We only spent... a short while together," Kiara croaked. "But I loved... every moment..."
"Kiara!"
"You are... like a granddaughter... to me..."
"Please... don't..."
"Don't waste your time... on something stupid... like revenge."
"I-I won't."
"Get stronger... but get kinder too. Live with passion... be free..."
She sighed and the last of her life leaked out. Her body went limp, and her eyes drifted peacefully
closed.
"Kiara?"
"..."
"Kiara!" Fran shouted.
But Kiara remained silent. There was a peaceful smile on her lips, as the greatest hero of the Black
Cat Tribe went to the great beyond in the arms of her adopted granddaughter.
Both Fran and Mea cried as they saw Kiara die on-screen. While the rest didn't, it was clear to see their
gloom at seeing someone they cared about deeply pass away. The Beast King, despite his small smile,
was also on the verge of tears as well. It was seriously clear how much they cared about her. Kiara herself
didn't say a word, though I could definitely say that she felt awkward seeing her own death. I would be
too, if I was her.
"Urrgh... aaaaah..."
Tears poured down Fran's face and dripped down onto Kiara's clothes.
Fran buried her face in Kiara's bosom like a child and cried.
"Waaaaaaaaah!"
Fran pulled Kiara's body against her. Her heart was torn to pieces. I'd never seen her like this before.
I couldn't shed tears, but the pain was still there. I would have liked to spend more time with Kiara,
and now I never would.

At least, we can spend more time with her here.
Fran probably had the same idea, as she glanced at the old Black Cat and nodding to herself. She
probably didn't want to waste this opportunity herself.
They spent a few moment mourning the loss of Kiara, just as the others returned to the room
accompanying a strange woman with them. The others were shocked as they saw Kiara lying on
the ground, but they knew what had happened to her. Mea and Mianoa both immediately
approached Fran, who was still crying over the death of Kiara.
"Oh? That's..." - Alistaire
Despite being saddened herself, she recovered faster than a lot of the audience, and was surprised to see
herself arriving.
Well, considering how wrecked I look on the screen, I probably need someone like a Godsmith to fix me.
I was seriously so damaged. I didn't think I've ever been this destroyed before. I definitely needed to be
repaired. Considering Kiara had just died, I needed to be fixed immediately so I can support Fran.
They all looked like they wanted to cry, but they restrained themselves. Mea told Kiara to be free,
as she never got to be like that for a long time due to her grandfather. Teacher remembered that
the previous Beast King before Rigdith enslaved Kiara, and was only freed by him after the coup.
Naturally, people wanted answers, but the spoiler restriction was there, so nobody asked. It was
intriguing though, so we resolved ourselves to ask the Beast King at break about what it was about.
Mianoa, Kiara's personal attendant, was happy to see Kiara so peaceful. She did her duties as her
maid one last time, and cleaned the dirt from her face.
Kiara was smiling. She was full of satisfaction, knowing that she has done all that she could to
protect Fran. Teacher wondered whether he would be able to smile like this is he was in her place,
and quickly figured out that he wouldn't have been able to. He would have fought for his life for
the sake of Fran.
"I wouldn't have wanted you to die, Teacher." - Fran
"I know."
Kiara's life had been a long one, filled with good and bad. She had friends to fight beside and drink
with, she'd won great victories, she'd suffered hardships. and that didn't even scratch the surface of it
all. She's lived a life too full for a thirty-something punk like me to eulogize her.
"Heh, it's fine, Teacher." - Kiara
"I don't know how to feel about that..."
With everything she'd done, was it any wonder that she went out with a smile?
With that, he resolved himself to try and fix his broken body, but it was useless. He couldn't get
Self-Repair to work. He felt too much pain trying to do so.
It was then that the woman approached him and began inspecting Teacher. Afraid that she may
accidentally equip him, Fran came near them in order to warn her of the restriction. She picked
Teacher up, which prompted the woman to ask if she's the sword's owner, to which she said yes.

Since they were still suspicious of her, Mea vouched for her by saying she's trustworthy.
"Yeah, I know that now."
"It would be interesting to see the Godsmith at work." - Garrus
The dwarf looked giddy. It was probably similar to us seeing higher-ranking adventurers fight and work.
Having that comparison in mind, it was understandable that he was that excited.
She took a look at the sword using a skill called Parsesight, which allowed her to analyze and look
at all of Teacher's skills, stats, and the fact that he was an Intelligent Weapon. She also correctly
realized the problem with Teacher and why he couldn't repair himself, so she fixed that
immediately, though her repairs did not totally repair everything about him, By the woman's own
words, she simply applied first-aid, but she needs time to repair him thoroughly.
Mea asked whether the woman, Alistaire, can fix her, and she agreed to it readily, though she still
needed the user's permission to fix her.
"Please." - Fran
Despite being completely fine, she still bowed for me. She was probably that invested in what was going
on.
"There is no way my future-self will pass up on fixing Teacher. He is so interesting!" - Alistaire
I didn't know how to feel about her excitement, but at least I know that I'm in expert hands.
After a short back-and-forth, Fran agreed to have Teacher be fixed by her. Once that was settled,
Alistaire asked Mea what she was going to do now.
Mea, knowing that she was the only one that can lead, pulled herself together and made two
choices. First, she was going to confirm if the dungeon master is dead, then destroy the dungeon
core.
Quina asked whether she was sure of that action, but Mea reasoned that a dungeon like this which
connects two hostile countries is just going to cause a lot of trouble in the future, so it's best that
they nip it in the bud before it causes them further problems.
"A dungeon between our kingdom and Basharl? That's troublesome." - Rosch
"I take it that the two kingdoms doesn't get along?" - Crusch
"Not one bit." - Rosch
"It would be bad for two warring countries to have easy access to one another." - Souma
"It really would be better to destroy it." - Mea
"Screw it, let's blow it up. It's just gonna give me headaches." - Rigdith
Knowing Rigdith, he'd probably agree too. I could imagine him saying something like "Screw it, let's
blow it up. It's just gonna give me headaches." In any case, Mea was set on this course of action now.
There was no hesitation in her eyes.
"Heh." - Rigdith

People chuckled as they heard that.
Having made her decision, Mea asked Alistaire to lead everyone else out of the dungeon while her
and Quina executes her decisions. She said that after they're done there, her and the others will
head to the Green Goat, then to the front since they were still fighting a war at this point.
Meanwhile, Fran heads to Alistaire's mansion in order to be there for Teacher's repairs.
Alistaire turned to the unconscious Urslars and asked whether she'll take him too, to which Mea
said yes. Alistaire agreed, then threw him easily over her shoulders, which was impressive given
both of their sizes.
"Damn, she's strong." - Touya
"She probably has to be to be able to craft weapons like Godswords." - Rio
The next thing they needed to take care of was Kiara's body. They all easily agreed to have Fran
handle it, putting her inside her Pocket Dimension. It bothered Teacher how callously they treated
the body, but he figured that this is simply a part of their culture. Since they believed that the soul
departed after death and the body can turn undead, they pay less attention to the body.
"They had that kind of culture, huh?" - Rimuru
"Sometimes, that's just how it is." - Rudeus
Soon, they left the dungeon, and Fran was saddened that her and Mea had to part ways after she
had just lost Kiara, but Mea promised that they'll see each other soon enough after they're done
with the front lines. They smiled at each other and shook hands before Mea left in the carriage.
"You two must become really close, huh?" - Rigdith
"I'm looking forward to properly meeting her!" - Mea
"Hm. Me too." - Fran
Meanwhile, Fran, Alistaire, and the unconscious Urslars all headed towards her own carriage.
They introduced themselves to one another, with Alistaire introducing herself as a Godsmith, while
Fran and Teacher both introduced themselves, as well as Jet.
There's something off about the way Fran introduced herself. Why does it sound blurred when she said
her race? Shouldn't it be Black Cat Fran? Maybe something went wrong with the audio...
Alistaire asked whether Teacher was a name that Fran gave him, to which she said that she did,
which made Alistaire question whether an item that wasn't named can become so powerful.
"So the object is more powerful when it naturally has a name?" - Lugh
"Yeah. That's how it works. Godswords already had a name when they were created." - Alistaire
With the introductions done, she agreed to analyze and repair Teacher at her mansion, something
that she was looking forward to doing.
Fran asked about Urslars, whom Alistaire had just thrown to the floor of the carriage, and she said
that she was much better off there than sitting up, since he may just fall down again anyway.
Teacher had a feeling she didn't like him very much, but didn't ask as he thought to ask Urslars
instead when he woke up.

"Why do you not like him?"
"Long story. You probably will find out later." - Alistaire
That... should be interesting.
Soon, the carriage sped away to the Godsmith's mansion.

There was a moment of silence.
Well, a moment was inaccurate to say, because it stretched far too long. Not that I could blame anyone
given what we had just watched.
Kiara had died.
This was the first time we've ever seen someone that was a part of this theater die, even if it was on the
screen.
We knew it was inevitable that we may see people die in the viewings, but it still hit us like a truck
regardless. I'm sure that there are a lot of people her who didn't care much for the person who died, but
they stayed silent regardless, either out of respect for the atmosphere of the theater or they felt too lazy to
do anything otherwise.
Despite not having been known her for long, Fran was already shedding tears for the old Black Cat.
Considering that she probably felt an affinity with her as a fellow Black Cat, it hurt seeing her die like
that. The others in our world who did know her were also filled with sorrow seeing her pass away on the
screen.
"...Everyone, I have a request."
Kiara spoke up, her voice tinged with a serious tone. What she was about to say was probably very
important to her.
"As an old lady, I really don't have much left to live. However, I don't really want to die like a frail
maiden lying in my bed. When I die, I want it to be just like that." she said.
"But, Master Kiara...!" the Beastman princess was about to say something, but the lady quieted her down.
"No, Mea. As a beastman, this is probably the best death I could ask for. Dying in battle after having
done the best that I can while protecting those that I loved. There is nothing more I can ever wish for."
she said.
I didn't really understand the sentiment, but I guess for someone like her, it makes sense.
"We don't really know much about the situation, Master Kiara. Let us watch more before we can decide
what to do about this." Rosch, one of the Beast King's bodyguards, said.
Kiara grumbled under her breath, but didn't say anything out loud. With that, despite the melancholy we
felt, we all decided to move on for now, as we knew what was coming.
"A short break is due, then we'll see the next set of episodes." the Everlasting announced with a strange
solemnity in their voice, probably respecting the atmosphere. The wheel then appeared again to tell us
what was coming next, and despite our mood, we all settled down to see what would be next.

Here are the episodes coming:

"Hmm... Could it be...?" Rudeus muttered, causing people to turn to him.
"Do you know what this is, Rudy?" Roxy asked, earning a nod from him.
"Yeah, I know what this is." Rudeus said. "Thankfully, after that heavy episode, we're going with
something lighter this time. That's honestly a relief."
"Yeah, that's good." Subaru said as the wheel turned again.

"...I just had to go opening my mouth." Subaru said, causing everyone from his world to look at him with
concern.
"The title looks... harmless, though." Emilia said.
"I don't really know if this is referring to what I'm thinking, but if it is, then..."
Now they were all really looking at him in concern.
"Finally..." the Everlasting said as the wheel spun once more.

"Escape?" Celia asked, having a bad feeling about the title.
"This one's from the future." the Everlasting said.
"This should be interesting then..." Princess Charlotte said.
"Since the titles have been shown, it's time for the short break before the next episode from the Quagmire
world!" the Everlasting announced.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

Kiara is such a great character, man. I have loved her character from her introduction all the way to
her ending. She was honestly very phenomenal, and I wished she lived longer...
I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter, and thank you for reading!

I now have a discord for some of my fics, so if you guys want to join in for suggestions and
discussions about this fic and some others, join the server!
Null Sage's Fanfics

Chapter 24: A Question To My Audience
Hello, my dear readers, Null here.
Sorry if you thought this is going to be an update. I have been so busy these past few weeks that I haven't
even begun to write the next chapters so sorry about that.
Now then, with that being said, here is the reason I wrote this Author's Note.
I was actually about to begin writing the next few chapters this week, but then I began to think very
deeply.
This fanfiction is a gargantuan project. A reaction fic of one story is no easy feat by itself, but a reaction
fic of nine different series with the cast of everyone included is nigh-impossible. It is a miracle that I
managed to reach this far. However, I am only one human with many hobbies. I am NOT being paid to
do this. This fic is fueled solely by my own passion.
Now, before anyone panics, I am not abandoning the story. I love this fic way too much, and I have
invested way too much time in this fic for me to drop it.
If the author of 100 Girlfriends can write a story about 100 different distinct girls and come up with them,
I can write about that many characters that I don't even have to come up with.
With that being said, it is difficult for me to write these chapters. Ridiculously so. Because of this, I
thought of an idea.
An idea that may very well not be received positively, but it is a risk that I'm willing to take if I want to
make it easier for me to write this story.
So, the typical format of a reaction fic is:
(Canon Story Material)
Reaction Part
That's how most reaction fics work. However, this is extremely difficult for me.
Not only do I have to read the chapter, but I also have to summarize it then put it in the fanfic. This is
harder than one may think. In fact, I've spent entire weeks just transcribing the chapters, even before
writing any of the actual fanfic material. Imagine putting in an entire paragraph of stuff only for the
reaction bit to be three lines, I feel like I just wasted my time. I also have to look at the chapter carefully
to see what parts I include in the summary or not.
I suffer with this problem with Overlord the most, where there's a lot of lore that I have to practically
skip. It is absolutely tedious.
With this, I thought of this idea: I am just going to not include the canon material in the chapter itself, just
the reaction part.
That means that we just get the reaction of the audience, the canon part that is normally there is now not
there. We just read the reactions of the audience to the scenes.

I know how EXTREMELY LAZY this is, and this is cutting a whole lot of corners, but think about it.
People read reaction fics because they want to see how the characters react to their own shows (or
fanfics) as well as the possible character interactions and consequences that come from them knowing
this stuff.
I know some people read reaction fics as a way to read the canon material as well, but who would
actually read this fanfic, with its random order, as a substitute for reading canon?
The reason why the canon part is written as well is simply because it is a way to keep track of where we
are within the story.
And so here we go: Do you guys want to go with the usual formula, or do you guys want to go with this
proposed formula for this fanfic? The choice is yours!
For visualization purposes:
Usual Formula:
Canon Part
Reaction Part
Proposed Formula:
Reaction Part
Reaction Part
With that, Null out!

Chapter 25: 1st Cycle Chapter 10: House Hunting
Chapter Summary

Rudeus buys a house for his soon-to-be-wife!
...That's it.

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Rudeus' POV
"Well, you guys already know what happens next." the Everlasting said. "Short break!"
The somber mood in the theater was extremely clear, and all of us were very eager to take that break.
Noticeably, the people from the Sword world were eager to reconvene on their own conference room
probably to discuss what had just happened with Miss Kiara.
I didn't want to involve myself with that. I barely knew any of them, even if we had spent a lot of time in
the theater together already, so I was just about to engage with small talk with my own family when
someone approached me.
"Rudeus." It was Cliff.
"Oh, what is it, Cliff?" I asked as he approached me with the diary in hand. "I thought we were going to
read that after the 1st Cycle ends?"
"Yes, but... seeing Miss Kiara's death on screen made me... anxious." he replied. Seeing as how his death
was already mentioned earlier, I can understand his fears.
"It's not like you'll be watching it. You'll just be reading it in my diary." I said.
"I'm sure reading your personal account of the situation makes it significantly harder to read." he
reasoned. "This doesn't mean that I won't be reading this, but..."
"You want to vent, huh?" I nodded, before beckoning him to sit beside me, since Sylphie went to the
bathroom earlier. "Sit here."
He obliged.
"Look. I know it won't be easy. Imagine being in my position, reading about how my life could have
gone in a downward spiral beyond all repair. That absolutely sucked, especially since it wasn't entirely
unavoidable." I explained.
"Not unavoidable?" he asked.
"If I was just strong enough, it could have all been avoided." I said wistfully. "But oh well, it's not like
the events of the diary would ever happen anymore, but I don't want to be complacent."

All of my wives stared at me sadly, but I just resolutely looked at them.
"After the break, then." he nodded as he went back in his seat along with Elinalise. As I also sat down,
someone spoke up.
"Our first permanent death, huh?" It was Subaru, looking on at the screen with a distant expression on his
face. "That was rough."
"It must be bad for you, especially." Rimuru remarked empathetically. "I mean, I don't want to be
insensitive, but... you've seen some of your friends die too, didn't you?"
"But that's...!" Emilia tried to exclaim, but Subaru's expression just said it all. He didn't say anything for a
few moments before sighing.
"And we're going to watch it all over again..." he sighed, the look on his eyes showing unimaginable pain
before he slapped his cheeks with both of his hands. "You're the one who approved of this, Subaru! You
can do it! They're all here! They're not dead and you'll keep it that way!"
We kept silent as he motivated himself.
"Yeah, this is a wake-up call to us." Souma said. "We're going to see both our triumphs and our failures
here. We have to prepare ourselves to be shown not just our past victories and losses, but future victories
and losses."
"That's actually scary..." Touya remarked.
"Yeah, I don't know if we're going to see any failures from you, buddy." I said. "If all of us are actual
stories, you're definitely going to be considered the typical boring overpowered protagonist."
"You didn't need to say that!" he said, but then he scratched his head. "But it's not like you're wrong..."
"We came here to prevent all of this, didn't we?" Rio added. "This just reminded us how harsh it's going
to be being shown our failures."
We all nodded solemnly, before we all settled on our seats, waiting for the short break to end.
"Oh, actually, Touya, we need to talk about something." Yumina said, and we all instantly pounced.
"Ooooohh, someone's in trouble..." I whispered, while Sylphie looked at me reproachfully
"That's rude, Rudy!" she said.
"Let us pray for Touya's safety..." Rimuru smirked.
"The wrath of a woman is never to be underestimated..." Subaru followed through.
"Good luck, Touya..." Souma also joined in.
"Hey! I didn't do anything wrong!" he said, and Yumina also nodded.
"That's right! We aren't mad at Touya at all!" she said. "It's just... we want to talk about earlier."
"Ah, the polygamy thing, huh?" he said, before scratching his head. "To be honest, there is a much better
moment where we can talk about this, really."
They both stared at each other for a moment, before Yumina nodded.

"I guess you're talking about that. I understand." she said.
"To be fair, polygamy isn't really the worst part about your whole arrangement with Touya." Rimuru said.
"For as long as everyone is consenting to it, all polygamy's gonna get you are a few weird looks in
countries that are more... accepting of it. It depends on country to country back in our world. The real
issue is the fact that Touya's dating a minor."
"He is barely saved by the fact that he's a minor himself, but even then, a 16 year old dating a 12 year
old? That is still frowned upon." Souma said. "However, Touya is now in a different world, and therefore,
different rules."
"Yeah, I understand that pretty clearly." he shrugged. "As I said, it would be better to talk about this more
in-depth later. The first cycle is still far from done, after all."
"The next one is... from my world, huh?" I asked as I looked intently at the name of the chapter. Things
to prepare before marriage, huh? "I can think of one moment."
"Is it... anything bad?" Rio asked, and I shook my head.
"Nah, it's pretty chill. It's definitely something we needed after last episode." I said.
"We'll take your word for that, okay?" Subaru said as the Everlasting appeared.
"Well then, I see that you guys are ready, so here's the new episode! "Things To Prepare Before
Marriage"!"
Marriage. A domain unexplored in my previous life. The prospect made me anxious. As important as
this was to me, could I really go off and get married without resolving things with my family? They'd
probably forgive me if marriage is the reason for the delay, though. Besides, I was looking forward to
all that a marriage would entail. Just thinking about sinking my fangs into that sweet young girl made
my mouth start watering... though I would let Sylphie set the pace, of course.
Paul: "I already said it, Rudy. You also have your life to live."
"I know, but back then, I was still really worried about Mom, you know?"
Rimuru: "So this is when Rudeus is just getting married, huh? To Sylphie?"
"Yeah."
Sylphie: "Why does this feel so nostalgic...? It's not even that long ago."
This was when I thought I was only going to marry one girl. Those are admittedly really good times.
Subaru: "You must have been really bewildered about actually marrying someone."
"Nah. Considering what had happened, it was the natural step. Sylphie saved me, after all."
Yumina: "From what, exactly?"
"That's... not something I want to talk about lightly."
Yeah no. It doesn't matter how mature she acts. I am not going to talk about erectile dysfunction with a
younger girl like Yumina.

Souma: "That sounds ominous."
"No, it's just way too embarrassing."
I then glanced at Eris subtly.
Besides, I'm not ready to discuss that whole can of worms just yet.
People still grimaced at my perverted comment, but it isn't like I said anything too bad, and they're
probably already used to it.
My monologue continued, expressing my lack of knowledge about what marriage really is. Reminiscing
about the wedding I experience with Paul, then lamenting that I didn't know what marriage really was
despite living for a long time now.
Touya: "Honestly, even after being betrothed to nine girls now, I still don't fully understand what
marriage is."
Teacher: "At least I don't have to worry about that stuff."
"Don't jinx it, Teacher."
Fran's eyes lit up.
Fran: "Maybe we can find a female sword for you, Teacher."
Many of us burst into laughter at the unexpected statement, while Teacher looked embarrassed despite
being a sword.
Teacher: "Fran!"
Eris: "That would be so strange!"
Hilde: "A romance between swords..."
Teacher: "It's so weird!"
Souma: "There is no one definition of marriage, really. However, despite that, you have to remember that
it is a commitment, whether you're a king or a commoner."
Rimuru: "Yep, that's for sure."
Hinata: "Don't speak as if you have experience with this stuff."
Rimuru: "Shut up, Hinata."
Eventually, my monologue ended and a conversation began between me, Zanoba, and Cliff on the screen
regarding matters of marriage. At the mention of Zanoba being a prince, many raised their eyebrows.
Subaru: "That guy's a prince? I mean, I don't really want to judge, but..."
"It is a complicated story. Besides, you guys may see it in the theater anyway."
They just nodded as the episode continued on. I continued my questioning about what to do when getting
married and they both said the same thing on the screen: I needed a house.
Sylphie: "Oh, so that's what this is about!"

Paul: "Of course you needed a house, Rudy. You were really going to live off of the dorms once you two
marry?"
"I didn't know we weren't allowed to live there, so I didn't think about the house at first..."
Rimuru: "I think this is just common sense, right?"
Souma: "Rudeus is in this unique position with Sylphie, so it probably left his mind, I mean, you did
have a substantial amount of money when you did this, right?"
"Of course I did! You really thought I was going to attempt to marry Sylphie if I was broke?"
Subaru: "Okay, this weird question just entered my head. Who do you think is the richest and the poorest
one out of all of us protagonists?"
The question made people pause because it is a genuinely interesting question.
"I mean, it has to be one of the monarchs, right?"
Souma: "Yoiu flatter me, but compared to Rimuru or Ainz, I'm probably poor."
"Still rich comnpared to some of us."
Ram: "You're probably one of the poorest, Barusu."
Subaru: "Hey! But... you're not exactly wrong..."
Souma: "We haven't seen enough of our countries to answer that question, but I think it's interesting."
Rimuru: "Yeah, maybe we'll get back to this later."
(A/N: Screw power-scaling! THIS is an interesting topic. Who do you think is the richest and the
poorest protagonist in the theater?)
The episode continued, and after clarifying that the man needed to provide for the housing, Cliff decided
to ask me about why I was asking.
"Hold up. Rudeus, are you getting married?"
"Well, yeah."
"To whom?" Was it okay for me to say Sylphie's name here? Naturally her identity will eventually be
discovered, but I decided to keep it hidden for the moment. "To the person that cured my illness."
Many raised their eyebrows at that.
Liscia: "Your illness?"
"Spoilers."
The Everlasting nodded and nobody said anything after that. I did notice how much Eris looked
uncomfortable by it, and I understood why.
At this point in time, she was training at the Sword Sanctum for me, still very much believing we were in
a relationship.

I felt a pang of hurt in my chest at that, and I realized that, despite everything that had happened, we
hadn't settled this properly yet.
Should I wait for the next short break? ...No, I'll do it now.
"Hey, Everlasting, can you pause the episode?"
The deity knew exactly why I had requested that, but the audience looked at me with confusion.
Roxy: "Rudy?"
"Can I talk to Eris in private about something? It won't take too long... I hope."
Cliff: "Isn't there a short break for that?"
"No, it has to be now."
Sylphie seemingly understood, and nodded at both me and her.
Everlasting: "Go ahead, then. I'll put you in a time bubble, but I won't be doing this too many times.
Using a time bubble inside here may mess with the structure of the theater, and you don't want to know
what happens when it does, so make it count."
We both nodded, and soon, we were given a private space. We were silent for a few seconds before I said
anything.
"Eris, I want to talk about that day when you left."
Eris: "I hurt you, didn't I?"
It was a rather blunt statement, but I guess that's just like her. I didn't need to mince things, so I nodded.
"Tell me about what you were thinking that day when you left."
I decided to be direct. I still did not fully understand what she was thinking that day, except for the fact
that she left because she wanted to get stronger. We didn't talk about it, seeing as it was a painful memory
and had become irrelevant, but now that we're at a place where I will be seeing it again, I'd rather settle
this as soon as possible so we wouldn't feel too awkward once the time comes and that is all shown.
Eris sighed, and decided to tell me her side of the story. It all started with our encounter with Orsted
when she was unceremoniously defeated in one hit by the Dragon God, while I managed to land a scratch
on him. After we had been spared thanks to Nanahoshi, we continued on our journey back then, and she
saw me trying to teach myself Disturb Magic. Seeing that, she had one conclusion.
"You thought I was training for a rematch?"
Eris: "You were trying to use something he tried on you. I thought you were trying to learn it so you
could use it against him later."
I was just trying to learn it because it seemed useful, but apparently Eris thought I was aiming to defeat
Orsted. Having fought him two times, the thought just sounded utterly insane.
"You thought that after being so utterly destroyed by him, I would want to fight him again?"
Eris: "I thought that if anyone could beat him it would be you. Besides, you did fight him again."

"I'm flattered, Eris, but you saw what happened when I tried to fight him again, and I was actually
prepared for it that time! And I did it because I needed to, not because I wanted to!"
She continued after that, saying that after our first time, she felt deeply insecure, thinking that she was
unworthy of me because she wasn't strong enough, so the next morning, she left to go training, leaving
behind a note that she was sure I'd understand the meaning of.
Eris: "I was sure... I was sure that you'd get it..."
Come on, Eris. You had too much faith in me.
"Eris..."
Now I fully understood what Ruijerd meant when I talked to him about it. Well, I had understood even
before now, but I have the full picture of the situation.
I was aware that Eris felt down because I got too strong for her, but I was sure that she had gotten over
that already by that point. I guess I was wrong, or maybe the encounter with Orsted reawakened those
feelings, but regardless, those feelings festered within her to the point that she decided to leave me for a
while in order to go train and become stronger.
If it was past me hearing this, he would have probably been pissed off, but right now, I'm just
exasperated.
"I can't even be mad at you at this point. I was the stupid one for not getting it."
Eris: "No, I was the stupid one! I couldn't even leave a proper letter to you!"
Tears were now forming in her eyes, but she stared at me with determination.
Eris: "Tell me everything. Tell me what happened to you after I left. Don't leave a single thing out."
"A-Are you sure about that, Eris? I don't think you'd like what you'll hear."
Eris: "I want to know how much I hurt the man I love on that day. I want to know what my stupid
mistake did to you."
It took me aback about how serious she was about this, but I guess Eris really had grown up when I
wasn't looking.
I then told her my side of the story. I didn't tell her everything because the Everlasting is still restricting
me, but I did tell her enough that she understood what I'd really been through.
Eris: "Rudeus..."
She teared up, sniffled, then began crying as she hugged me tightly.
Eris: "I'm sorry! I'm so sorry! I didn't want to...! I thought you'd understand... I can't...!"
She was crying so much that she couldn't form the proper words. I didn't need her to, I simply hugged her
back despite the pain I was feeling from her very strong hug.
I had already realized this long ago, but this just really solidified it for me. Eris Greyrat loves me and had
never stopped loving me. Even when I was at my lowest point in the diary, she still loved me. I didn't
know whether to feel happy or guilty about it, but in the end, I didn't need to be. We're both here now.

Eris: "I'm really sorry..."
"It's fine, Eris. Maybe we can talk about this more later."
Eris: "Okay."
We both stayed like that for a few seconds before letting go, and with a nod, the time bubble was gone.
To respect our privacy, nobody asked about what happened.
On the screen, Cliff talked about hosting a ceremony for us if the person I was marrying was a follower
of Millis, in which my on-screen self confirmed that neither me nor Sylphie were.
"Millis?" - Ainz
"Religion in my world comparable to Christianity, basically."
Of course, nobody in my world really got what I meant besides Nanahoshi, but that was fine and I just
resolved to explain it to them earlier if they're curious.
"Master, if you lack the funds, shall I assist?" Zanoba offered.
"No, no, I'd feel super lame about relying on you for that." Though I put a brave face by saying that,
I had no idea what the housing market was like around here. I hope that my savings would be enough.
"At any rate, I'll go have a look at houses in the city tomorrow. If it looks like I can't do it myself, I
may ask for your help."
"Of course. I can afford to buy even the biggest house in this city, so you have no need to worry." said
Zanoba with a smile.
Satsuki: "You know, Rudeus-san, it would have been a really bad look for you if you relied on a friend's
funds to buy a house for you and your wife."
"I know... I was honestly nervous about the shopping because I did not want to have to rely on Zanoba..."
My past self was then shown shopping for properties, explaining how it worked and what my thought
process was in what house to buy. I couldn't have it be shabby because of Sylphie's job, but I couldn't
afford something too large that is fitting for nobility. There was a debate as to whether I should involve
either Zanoba or Sylphie in the shopping process, but I refused, since I wanted to look dependable.
In the end, I managed to find a cheap house that had lots of rooms, but then my on-screen self asked why
it was so cheap.
Rimuru: "It's haunted, isn't it?"
"Ehhhh.... I'm not saying anything."
Elze: "H-Haunted? Surely not..."
Fran: "Ooooh, ghosts."
Subaru: "Good old exorcism, huh?"
The real estate agent confirmed that the property was indeed haunted. The previous house owner was
murdered by the supposed "ghost" and the adventurers who were paid to exorcise it were also murdered,
meaning that everyone got scared off. Naturally, with the house being as cheap as it was and having a
cleric on standby meant that I could easily have it be exorcised, so I took on the request to exorcise the

manor in exchange for getting it. I did stupidly ask for it for free, which was met by a look of utter
disbelief.
Teacher: "Were you seriously willing to exorcise a ghost just so you could buy a cheaper house?"
"Of course, it was extremely cheap, you know? I couldn't pass on that deal just because it's haunted by a
ghost that I can just have exorcised."
Roxy: "To think this is how Rudy bought this house..."
Sylphie: "And there I was, laying in my bed excited about the house..."
Souma: "To be fair, Rudeus had a solution to the problem, so there was no reason for him not to take it."
The deal was then made on-screen, and we all watched as the real estate agent changed his tune when I
showed him my connections. Chuckles were heard at this.
Rimuru: "Connections to high places, huh? A classic!"
"I didn't want it to happen this way!"
Rimuru: "Why are you upset? You got your house for cheap."
"I turned into one of those fussy customers. Like those middle-aged women complaining about
everything and calling for the manager."
The otherworlders chuckled at this.
Hinata: "I hated those kinds of people."
Rimuru: "Nobody likes them, Hinata."
The scene on the screen skipped to a few days later, where Zanoba, Cliff, and I prepared to solve
whatever problem is plaguing the manor. Zanoba felt it was quite small while Cliff thought it was too big.
As they entered, they discussed about the plan to deal with whatever issue is plaguing the manor. Zanoba
was at the front given his physical strength, Cliff is at the middle given that he was our healer, while I
was at the back, providing offensive magic and covering our backs given my experience as an adventurer.
As we entered, I used my Eye of Foresight to watch out for hidden traps, and as my on-screen self told
them to keep moving, I laughed as I got reminded of Zanoba ripping the door from its hinges so casually.
Cliff: "This is really a great reminder that you should be really careful of your strength, Zanoba."
Zanoba: "I shall try."
Subaru: "Damn, he has no control over his strength, huh?"
Epona: Just like me...
Our on-screen selves explored the house, soaking in the details of what would become my precious
home. It feels almost nostalgic, seeing these peaceful days where I didn't have to worry about Man-God
and his apostles breathing down our necks.
Roxy: "It feels strange seeing the house like this..."
Norn: "It looks wrong, somehow."

Sylphie: "It is a natural feeling given that we knew what this place looked like with the extensive
renovations that Rudy did for the place."
In the episode, we began to thoroughly explore the manor, starting with what could be either a dining
room or a living room, complete with a fireplace. After inspecting it, we found it to be mostly intact, with
a magical circle on it that Cliff found which indicated that the fireplace was magical in nature and can
warm up the whole house, necessary considering the frigid winters of the city.
They then searched the rest of the house and found nothing. This meant that our on-screen selves had a
choice on where to go next, the basement or the second floor.
Touya: "I mean, if there's any actual evil spirits in that house, they'd probably be in the basement."
Rimuru: "Besides, if there were any evil spirits there that didn't want you entering, surely they should
have done something by now considering how much you three were moving around."
Souma: "I'm getting more and more suspicious about this haunting story."
Elze: "Y-Yeah! Maybe there isn't a ghost there, after all!"
Touya snickered at her obvious fear, to which she responded by almost punching his head off. Seriously,
she looks so slim yet she can pack a damn punch.
The three of us went to the basement, but besides some empty shelves, it simply looked like an unused
storage area with no monsters at all.
Subaru: "Okay, this is getting really weird. Is this house really haunted?"
Rio: "It would frankly be better if it wasn't, but as the saying goes: "When there's a smoke, there's fire."
Rimuru: "It could have been someone living instead. Someone homeless and hostile."
Subaru: "That's still creepy as hell!"
With the basement empty, our on-screen selves moved on the the second floor, where all the bedrooms
are.
I had entered one of the larger bedrooms and expressed my plans to put a bedroom there.
Let's put a big bed in this bedroom, I decided. One with more than enough room for three people to lie
in. Two normal beds pushed together might be good, too. No wait - if the bed were small, we'd have to
cuddle to sleep, which wouldn't be a bad thing. Then, when I awoke, I'd have her warmth right beside
me. And her small breasts would be constantly within groping distance. Nope, not bad at all.
Many collectively groaned, while Sylphie pouted at me.
Sylphie: "You didn't need to say small, Rudy!"
"Sylphie, I may love your breasts a lot, but let's be honest. They're small. Probably not bigger than... Bcup, I think?"
Sylphie: "Rude! I'm at least... nearing C-cup!"
It was all teasing from the both of us, but people were still groaning.
Liscia: "We will probably have to get used to this... stuff, huh?"

Teacher: "Is there anybody in this world that aren't horny?"
Nanahoshi: "I'm not..." (whispering)
"I'm sure you're one of the only ones, Nanahoshi." (whispering)
My past self spoke to Cliff about it, and he agreed that a bed there would be important, though also
emphasized not to focus on just my sex life, something that everyone in the audience collectively agreed
upon.
Due to our on-screen selves not finding whatever is causing the issue, we decided to stay the night inside
the house since it might actually come out at night, just like what the stories say. I also began to doubt the
stories about the ghost, and went into theories like monsters or bandits squatting inside.
"Yeah, at this point, I seriously doubted there was actually any ghosts."
Touya: "Do ghosts actually exist in your world?"
"Yeah, why else would I consider them an option? However, I'm pretty sure they're different from typical
"spirits of the departed" ghosts. They're more like poltergeists."
People nodded at my explanation.
Fran: "Have you encountered them before?"
"Yep. They're not fun to deal with especially when you don't have a dedicated exorcist with you that can
use Divine spells."
Fran: "Hm. I see."
As our past-selves came into the decision to sleep over, we all expressed our worries about our respective
loved ones. Zanoba felt worried about Julie, Cliff was worried about Elinalise, while I was worried about
Sylphie, since I didn't inform her about not sleeping in my room tonight. I also remarked something that
questioned Elinalise's loyalty to Cliff, which earned me dirty looks from both..
Elinalise: "Really, Rudeus?"
"Sorry, but you never gave my past self any reason to believe you would be loyal. I apologize."
She just sighed, but conceded that I did have a point, given the personality she showed me when we were
traveling together..
Yumina: "That's quite rude."
"If you knew Elinalise as well as I do, you would understand why I thought this way, Princess."
My thoughts went to Sylphie, who was probably serving as the princess's bodyguard again, just as she
always did. There was nothing to worry about. Wait, I did tell her that I was going out today, but I
hadn't mentioned I'd be staying the night. What if she came to my room to talk before bed, and I
wasn't there? She might hover in that cold hall waiting for me, mumbling to herself, "Rudy sure is
late."
Ariel: "You certainly underestimate my capability to know what's going on around Ranoa, Rudeus. Did
you really believe I wouldn't be informed of my own name being used for your purchase, or that I
wouldn't inform Sylphie about it?"

I scratched my head in embarrassment. She wasn't really angry, per se, but what she said made sense.
Ariel definitely had eyes and ears everywhere in the city and had a lot of influence with the local nobility,
so it made sense that she would know if someone out there is buying a property around Ranoa using her
name, especially if it was me.
"I guess I didn't think about it at the time. Well, I'm glad it didn't happen like that, then."
Rimuru: "Is it just me, or does this guy have a... very active imagination?"
HInata: "Of course he has an active imagination. He's a pervert."
"What's that got to do with my imagination?"
Many of them stared at me as if I was dense, and I realized that she wasn't exactly wrong.
I could see the evening sun reflecting off the bedroom window. If I left now, it would be nightfall by
the time I made it back to campus. Sylphie would probably already be back at the girls' dorm. Even if I
didn't say anything to her directly, I should at least leave a note on my door saying that I wouldn't be
there tonight, right?
Alright, let's do it. Let's go right now.
No wait, but if these two got themselves killed while I was gone, that wouldn't do! I was after all, the
leader of this party.
Just calm down. I told myself it wasn't a big deal. As long as I explained everything afterward, she
would understand. Although... Wait. I'd heard something about this a long time ago. That all the
instances in a relationship where you found yourself saying "just this once" tended to accumulate,
ultimately leading to a rift between you and your partner. Crap. Now I had a bad feeling about it.
Roxy: "That's... incredibly dramatic, Rudy."
"Am I wrong, though?"
She kept quiet, because really, I wasn't wrong. Especially now, in the precarious situation I'm in in my
marriage, I really need to worry about small stuff like this. "Precarious" isn't really the right word, but
still, I'd rather not screw up more than I already have.
My on-screen self decided to raise his own death flag, but that just made me even more nervous.
Wait. Now that I'd actually said it, my uneasy feeling had gotten even worse. If I said something like,
"A celebration, yes! That's exactly what we need!", in reply, I had a feeling I wouldn't survive long
enough to get married. Maybe I should put something hard in my chest pocket for now. Except I didn't
have a chest pocket. If a bullet from a .357 Magnum suddenly came flying at me, I'd have no way to
stop it.
Subaru: "Come on, that's way too dramatic! And why are you even worrying about a gun in a fantasy
world?"
"I was just exaggerating, okay?"
Sylphie: "I didn't think you'd be this dramatic in your head, Rudy..."
Past Cliff asked me to invite him and Elinalise in my wedding, which I said that they'd of course be
invited, which made him sigh in relief. It made me think about how he really couldn't read the room, and
the fact that I'd invite them both.

I wanted to apologize to Cliff for thinking like that. But he waved me off and said that I wasn't actually
wrong, which made me sigh in relief.
The screen then showed Sylphie squaling in her room, excitedly kicking her legs as she thought of what
house I'd buy for the both of us. This, naturally, made her current-self embarrassed.
"Yeah. Her excitement makes this all worth it."
The next scene showed what we did next.
We took turns keeping watch while I planned for what to do if it was an evil spirit, a monster, or a bandit.
At around two or three in the morning, when Cliff was keeping watch, we heard a noise. It was a
creaking noise that came from outside the door. My on-screen self found it terrifying, and even I'm a little
unnerved even if I knew what it actually was. In the theater, people either stared intently at the screen, or
gasped like one of Touya's fiancés did.
Elze: "Eek!"
Touya: "Yikes. That actually sounded scary."
We searched the entire house once again, and the silence as well as the darkness made the house look
significantly more scary on the screen. Actually, I didn''t remember it being this scary-looking, so I
looked at the Everlasting and they had a mischievous grin on their face.
"You're having way too much fun with this."
Everlasting: "Maybe."
Rimuru: "It genuinely looks like a horror movie now."
Aisha: "The house should not look that scary."
As we finished searching the basement and found nothing, we went back to our room to prepare, but then
my past-self looked behind us.
That's when I suddenly looked behind us.
There it was.
It was at the end of the hallway, low to the ground, almost as if it were crawling. Only its upper half
showed over top of the stairs. It had its head cocked as it looked our way. At first I thought it could be
human. It had eyes, a nose, a mouth, but no hair or ears.
I also somehow didn't get the sense that it was alive. It painted a haunting pale silhouette in the
darkness as it watched us. For a few seconds we just stared at one another.
"Oh", I started trying to say something.
That was when it moved. Its body rose and leapt onto the second floor It was human-sized but it wasn't
a human. It had four arms and four feet. In the pitch black of night it came, brandishing what looked
like a stake, loping silently on all four legs as it streaked at an unbelievable speed straight toward"You really are having way too much fun with this, Everlasting!"
I knew it was going to happen, and yet I was still jump-scared, somehow! It really did feel like a horror
movie, and the Everlasting, who had forgone with any background music earlier, suddenly started

playing one of those horror movie chase sequence music as the doll moved towards our on-screen selves.
Many of the unprepared individuals in the theater gasped or screamed.
Subaru: "What the hell?!"
Souma: "How did you not hear that thing moving around?!"
I tried attacking it, but I hesitated at the last second ("Yeah, I'm never making a mistake like that again." I
said as the scene played out.) and it managed to reach us. Fortunately, Past Zanoba managed to block the
doll from stabbing us with his body, allowing us to try attacking it. Cliff's Divine Magic failed, while I
tried using Stone Cannon, only for Zanoba to attempt in protecting it. We soon found out why he did so.
He said that it was a doll. A doll moving on its own.
Ainz: "Hm, so it is an automaton."
"That's the closest thing I can describe it to."
Subaru: "Did you really have to describe it like a maid-robot?"
"It was certainly effective in erasing all my fears."
As I continued pondering, I realized that the possibilities for this were endless, making both me and
Zanoba excited. Cliff didn't share our excitement, though, and we soon realized that we forgot about our
initial objective of securing the house momentarily. And so, our third sweep of the house began.
Ariel: "I'm quite curious, what happened to this doll?"
Zanoba: "If the episode does not show it, I will explain."
The third sweep of the house produced no results regarding as to where the doll could have come from,
since we couldn't even find even a hint of what could be a hidden room, but Cliff did say that it was
possible that we couldn't find it because it was dark, so we planned on returning later when it was more
brighter out. For now, our past-selves returned the doll to Zanoba's room, where Julie was waiting.
Lugh: "I am curious. Why does Julie call Prince Zanoba her master, while Prince Zanoba calls you his
master?"
"Ah, well, Zanoba is my apprentice when it comes to doll-making, while Julie is his apprentice."
He narrowed his eyes at that, but he soon nodded and looked away, seemingly accepting my answer. I
then subtly shook my head at Zanoba who was about to speak up.
I'm glad that the episode hadn't revealed that Julie was a slave just yet. I don't want to answer
uncomfortable questions right now, especially since Fran is definitely going to be angry about this.
The screen then showed us searching the entire house again for the fourth time, and thankfully, this time
yielded results. There was a hidden room in the basement that we didn't spot before due to how dark it
was.
It was a cramped room with a single desk, a wooden pedestal, and nothing else. There were several
books and a bottle of ink on the desk. The bottle was cracked and its contents had all dried up.
As for the pedestal, how should I describe it? It was shaped like a casket, its base hollowed with
indentations that fit the doll's size and shape. Moving closely, I noticed a transparent crystal embedded

in the wood right where the doll's head would rest. It probably charged itself by lying here… in a
magical sense anyway, not an electrical one.
Aisha: "It's the shrine..." (whispering)
"Well, before it became the shrine anyway." (whispering)
Aisha: "Honestly, Onii-chan, what possessed you to build a shrine for your wives?" (whispering)
"Why wouldn't I? They deserve it."
Aisha smiled wryly at that and shook her head.
I don't know why, but I have a feeling that I should be telling Aisha that she has no right to judge me for
this.
We then discovered a book that I couldn't decipher, which seemed to contain the research notes for the
dolls. My past-self showed it to Past Zanoba and Past Cliff, who realized that there are magical circles on
there for enchanting magical implements, which allowed us to come to the conclusion that the dolls are
magical implements.
Lugh: "They're security for the house, then? Perhaps the original owner made them and the subsequent
owners were killed by the doll?"
"Yeah, that's it. Considering that the original owner was a weirdo, they certainly seemed the type to build
a killer doll."
Souma: "You know the original owner?"
"Not personally, but yeah, I know of them."
Nobody asked, since they figured that the theater would reveal them.
Once my past self had made sure that the house was completely safe, the contract was signed and the
house was mine. I would have people clean up and renovate it, while I had decided to buy the bare
essential furniture so that me and Sylphie can decide on them together.
I admittedly felt a bit embarrassed when my past-self decided to imagine how Sylphie would possibly
react to the house in vivid detail.
Rimuru: "As I said, overactive imagination."
Liscia: "Yeah, I don't know the girl that much, and even I can tell that she would never react like this."
"I can dream!"
Rimuru: "You certainly do, buddy."
As for the doll, past me and past Zanoba talked about it on screen.
Essentially, he wanted to be the one researching the doll on his own, figuring that he and the original
creator was similar and that he could intuit their intent because of that even if he couldn't decipher the
text. He expressed his woes about not having contributed much to his own passions of doll making due to
his small capacity of mana and his lack of dexterity. He was determined to do this all by himself, and he
didn't want his contribution to simply be money. He also said that he could recapture the doll if it went

berserk, as seen when he did so earlier in the manor. After musing about the situation, my past self agreed
to let him do this research on his own.
Ariel: "What is the progress of your research, Prince Zanoba?"
Zanoba: "It has been going well. Thank you for asking."
Ariel: "I see. May I negotiate with you regarding the research of the moving doll? I believe that this
research will be very useful for our kingdom, so in exchange for sharing it, you will have Asura
Kingdom's support in any endeavors you will have in the future."
Heh, she's being awfully confident, but I guess considering that the Theater showed her to be victorious
in the future, her confidence is not entirely unfounded.
Zanoba looked at me and I nodded, leaving the decision up to him. Ariel is a friend, after all, and is
trustworthy.
Zanoba: "I shall think about it."
After that discussion, my past-self declared that it's time for renovations, and the episode ended.

"Well, that was kinda uneventful, except when the Everlasting decided to turn it into a horror movie."
Rimuru remarked with slight smile.
"We definitely needed that relaxing episode after the previous one." Teacher said.
I was definitely glad that it wasn't anything too bad. Unfortunately...
"Yeah, and... it might not be for long. Subaru's next."
A slight dread washed over most of the Theater's audience at that, while Subaru sighed.
"When is this, Everlasting?" he asked.
"In your past." they responded. "Actually, this happens right after your introduction episode!"
We were intrigued at that, as this meant that we will see what happened next after his introduction
chapter quite early.
His eyes widened, before sighing in what could be relief.
"That's... That's good.. Better than some of the others at least..." he whispered, though some of us heard it
and is concerned by his wording, since this implied that something bad still happened.
"Anyway, as you already now, next episode is in the "Return" World! Buckle up!" the Everlasting said as
the screen played the episode.
=end of chapter=

Chapter End Notes

I am so, so sorry for the very late update. It took me like 6 months in order to update. That was a
really long time. I genuinely apologize for that. It was a combination of being busy and a bit of
writer's block on my part. Unfortunately, circumstances were against me and it prevented me from
updating this. Fortunately, I was able to update this one, and I hope that I will be able to update the
next chapter this month, I hope, because it's going to be a long one. I decided to forgo my usual
format of 3 chapters per upload because I didn't want to leave you guys hanging this year. So, I
wanted to update this chapter for now, and I wanted to test out how you'll receive the newest format
as stated in my previous update. What do you guys think? Make sure to comment!
Anyway, about the chapter: Honestly, I love Rudeus' internal narration and monologues. It is
absolutely hilarious and is probably my favorite besides Ainz's. I wish I can show more of it,
especially the plethora of dick and boner jokes he says throughout the School Arc, and I'll make sure
to include them as much as I could. Besides that, nothing much happens here, so I decided to add
that whole bit with Eris
As much as I like her, the way her whole conflict with Rudeus regarding the whole letter thing after
Volume 6 was very unsatisfying, and I hope to remedy that here. Like seriously, the fact that he falls
in love with her AGAIN so easily and that resolves everything just sucks! It sucks. I want it to be
satisfying, and it was not satisfying, so I hope I can resolve that here with that little beginning
snippet.
Now then, the 1st Loop of Arc 2 is up next! I hope you guys enjoyed this chapter and thank you for
reading!

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

