It Started With The Number 3 (and stayed that way)
Posted originally on the Archive of Our Own at https://archiveofourown.org/works/14340108.
Rating:
Archive Warning:
Categories:
Fandom:
Relationships:
Characters:
Additional Tags:

Language:
Collections:

Mature
Creator Chose Not To Use Archive Warnings
M/M, Multi
Harry Potter - J. K. Rowling
Harry Potter/Fred Weasley/George Weasley, Minor or Background
Relationship(s)
Harry Potter, Fred Weasley, George Weasley, Original Characters,
Remus Lupin, Sirius Black, Hogwarts Students
Alternate Universe - Canon Divergence, Voldemort Dies, Harry calls
bullshit, Crossdressing, as disguise, The freedom of anonymity, and the
obstacles, Emotional Hurt/Comfort, Implied/Referenced Child Abuse,
Attempted Sexual Assault, this story is blatant self-indulgence,
Threesome - M/M/M, Oh right: NOT a fem!Harry story, Mythical
Beings & Creatures, Knockturn Alley, Dumbledore's A+ Guardianing,
There's A Tag For That, please note that Harry has been raised rather
sheltered, Self-Discovery, Genderfluid
English
Harry Potter Fics, Fanfics that Would be Best-Sellers if They Were
Published Books, harry is in a 𝘳𝘦𝘭𝘢𝘵𝘪𝘰𝘯𝘴𝘩𝘪𝘱,
Unfinished_best_HarryPotter, Solia's all-time favorites , Favorite
Harry Potter Fanfics, Lady Owl's Harry Potter Library, Not to be
misplaced, Ongoing fic, why I only sleep an hour a night, one of the
good HP fics, Rosealles Recs, ONLY THE BEST , FTTN's
Favorites
Published: 2018-04-16 Updated: 2025-11-14 Words: 100,523 Chapters:
28/?

💖

Stats:

✨
💖

It Started With The Number 3 (and stayed that way)
by blurredink
Summary

Another take on WHAT-IF Harry got rid of Voldemort in fifth year? Oh yeah and WHAT-IF
he just so happened to fall in love with certain twins? In disguise. Under a wrong name, that
is. Shenanigans ahead.
Also a take on self-discovery and gender fluidity.
(Or the one in which Harry gives the headmaster the finger and decides to go exploring the
Wizarding World on his own.)

Notes

ATTENTION PLEASE!
This story is mostly canon for the first five books with just minimal changes to suit the plot,
though anything different will be self-explanatory. AU starts with the battle at the
Department of Mysteries.
This story mainly concentrates on Harry experiencing life from different perspectives, getting
to know himself, and of course the ups and downs of having two twin terrors trying to win
his heart…
This may sound innocuous, but it also won’t be everyone’s cup of tea, so please mind the
tags. As always I invite all readers to share ideas or thoughts in the comment section. Have
fun! <3

See the end of the work for more notes

Inspired by Twin Future by LLyNnS

Chapter 1: Prologue
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

18th June 1996
Did you know that 3 is just as much a magical number as 7? That it stands for completeness,
wholeness and (probably more important and less ironic when one thinks of Horcruxes) the
Trinities of Past-Present-Future or Mind-Body-Soul? With the number 3 there always is a
beginning, a middle, and an end.
Well, Harry certainly had never thought of the magical properties of numbers before, had
never paid much attention to Hermione’s rambles on Arithmancy and the like. That day,
though, he wished he had. Maybe it would have prepared him somewhat for what went down
the day he brought his friends to the Ministry of Magic in some desperate attempt to save his
godfather. Maybe it would have prevented some pain, maybe it would have prevented all that
angst and desperation. Then again, if he had known that it would be the last time he would
have to confront Voldemort, that it would be the ‘Last Battle’, Harry might have done
something crucial differently. Maybe that little something would have changed things a lot
around, for the good or for the bad.
Who knows?
All Harry knew when he realised that everything had been a set-up, a trap to lure him to the
Department of Mysteries, was that he had led his friends into danger so he would fight to
bring them back to safety. He didn’t think of some maniacal dark lord as he was dodging
spells left and right, corralling his friends into the fighting stances they had practised in the
DA. He didn’t stop to question when Nagini slithered her way into the Death Chamber just as
the members of the Order of the Phoenix made their entrance. His world had narrowed down
to action and reaction. Spell-weaving, jumping, rolling, running, incapacitating as many
Death Eaters as possible, trying in vain to protect those he loved. Surviving.
He didn’t think much at all when he saw Neville and Luna work together and severe the great
serpent’s head off cleanly. He didn’t have the time to ponder on the fact that a second
Horcrux was now gone, following the diary of his second year near silently. He didn’t even
get to be smug. Diary Tom back then had been a lot more talkative about his immortality
plans than the Voldemort of the present, or Dumbledore for that matter, seemed to be aware
of. No, Harry didn’t even register that Nagini got a bite in on Neville before her anticlimactic
end.
Spellfire. Screaming. Sirius at his side, acting way too cheerful for the situation.
And then, from one moment to the next, all Harry could see was Bellatrix Lestrange hitting
Sirius with some spell he couldn’t identify. His vision full of his godfather stumbling, eyes
going wide, and then falling. Fluttering material, strange murmurs of voices he couldn’t quite
understand, a cool sensation that had somehow been drawing him in ever since he had first

entered the Death Chamber. Something intangible reaching out for the figure of his godfather
as he fell backwards to the Veil.
No.
Stop.
Please.

And Harry had never been more grateful for the underestimated qualities of werewolves than
he was the very moment Remus somehow managed to get a grip on Sirius’ old battle robes.
Time was still stretching into molasses, Harry was still moving too slowly. Sirius touched the
Veil. Remus got hold of him and yanked. They both fell from the dais and onto the chamber
floor in one tangled mass of limbs.
Sirius wasn’t moving.
Then Bellatrix was cackling and taunting and red tinged Harry’s vision. He was off running,
Remus’ shouts not really registering. He followed her, determined to… to… he had no idea,
he was just acting on instinct. Or, in hindsight, maybe something else had been influencing
his actions. Leaving his friends behind still fighting for their lives, following Bellatrix of all
people even though Sirius was right there. Yes, hindsight always knows better.
Who would have thought that possessing Harry would be Voldemort’s end?
Harry certainly hadn’t and he never told anyone what really happened in those excruciatingly
painful moments. Not Dumbledore, not his friends. How was he to put into words how it felt
to have Voldemort’s vile presence penetrate his very essence… and then encountering more
than just Harry?
It had been a magical triad.
A diary in the beginning.
A snake companion in the middle.
A boy at the end.
How was he to explain that Voldemort failed to reconnect with his own soul piece hiding
away inside Harry? A fragment of a shredded soul, the third anchor, unintentional, the last of
a torn ritual to secure immortality against all odds. Against nature.
How to tell that 3 souls were just too much for one body to take? He couldn’t really explain
it, but that very moment was when Harry realised he himself was a Horcrux, that he was what
connected his parents’ murderer to the realm of the living.
The shock, the disgust, the fear, the loathing, and then the repulsion. The pain. No, he was
never going to tell anyone about that. He wanted it out. Wanted it gone.

Though, maybe Harry should have tried to tell somebody. Maybe Dumbledore would have
been able to explain it better, help him work through it, but to Harry the whole experience felt
infinitely personal and vaguely disgusting. It left him feeling somewhat tainted. But the worst
was the hollowness in the aftermath. The Horcrux inside his scar had been a part of him for
so long that when it was obliterated in the fight with its original soul, it left behind an
emptiness that would take a long time to fill. He couldn’t tell anyone what had inhabited his
scar, lived alongside his beating heart, and he certainly would not tell how he felt in its
absence.

Harry defeated Voldemort in the entrance hall of the Ministry of Magic when the Dark Lord
tried to possess him. To the public it would be described as an epic battle, though Harry knew
Dumbledore had been the only one that actually fought Voldemort in the literal sense. Harry
himself had simply tried to get rid of the pain the fighting souls inside him had created, to
hold onto the scarce good he knew to not get lost to the Dark. Not that anyone would listen to
him. They never had, they never would, and so things went like this:
Dumbledore duelled Voldemort, Voldemort managed to possess Harry, his own Horcrux,
changed forever during its time with Harry as its host, rejected him. The Horcrux-Triad was
broken and Harry experienced a pain that would still haunt him years from that day. He just
wanted it to stop. All-consuming, that was what it had been and all Harry had been able to do
was beg, push, plead, push some more, and hold on tight with every ounce of will… until
everything went black.
Anticlimactic, really, at least for those standing and watching, staring at him from the outside
while Harry fought for his sanity, the right to his body, his mind, his very soul.
He didn’t wake up until Hermione fluffed up the pillows of his hospital bed on the third day
after the battle. The school year was over before Harry got to even leave the infirmary, his
friends had all survived though it was still touch and go with Neville. The press hailed Harry
a hero, the Saviour, and Dumbledore shielded him from most of it. He was hustled onto the
Hogwarts Express, the ride just flying by and…
And maybe Sirius would wake up from the coma he had fallen into some day soon and Harry
would finally have the family he always wished for. Or maybe the number 3 had changed
things around so thoroughly that one boy would finally take his life into his own hands and
get to flourish.
And things would never be the same.

Chapter End Notes

LAST COMPLETE EDIT: 23.12.2024

Chapter 2: Arc I : Mind - Stifling
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

Arc I : Mind
12th July 1996
The room was stifling hot. Outside the window to the smallest bedroom of 4 Privet Drive,
Little Whinging, Surrey the sun was setting, drenching the dusty neighbourhood in a deep
orange glow for a few more seconds. Not that the vanishing sunlight did anything for the heat
tormenting South East England for the last weeks. To Harry, laying unmoving on his
threadbare mattress and staring at the ceiling with eyes that watched scenes only he could
see, there was barely a difference anyway as he was once again locked up in his bedroom.
Even with the window wide open and the sun down there was no breeze whatsoever.
It was nearly two weeks into the summer hols and he was back at the Dursley’s. Apparently
ridding the world of a dark lord did not warrant him having a happy summer for once. Not
that it would have been happy even if Harry had been allowed to stay somewhere else, no
matter that Voldemort was now gone. How could he be happy and carefree if his godfather
was laid up in some hospital bed, not quite dead but in a coma?
He remembered last year when he had desperately been waiting for messages of his friends,
but they had been instructed not to tell him anything of significance. So while Harry had
endured another summer with his loving relatives, his best friends had been holed up at
Grimmauld Place together with Sirius and occasionally the Order of the Phoenix. Harry had
been so mad back then… now he was just numb. Oh he was receiving letters from his friends
and this time around no one had told them to keep secrets. But it didn’t exactly make him feel
better to hear all about Hermione’s skiing trip with her parents, Luna’s adventures somewhere
on the continent searching for strange creatures, Ron’s laments on how boring it was to spend
all his time with the whole of the Weasley family… or reading placating notes from Neville,
obviously written under pain as his friend was still healing from Nagini’s bite.
The Wizarding World was in hysterics about their so-called Saviour, hailing Harry all kinds
of things from the next coming of Merlin to the reincarnation of Godric Gryffindor. The
Daily Prophet speculated at least twice a week about a summer fling of his or another, about
all the outrageous stuff he apparently was getting up to, and here Harry was, prisoner in a
smelly little room. His summer excitements ever since the end of the first week back
consisted of being allowed to use the shower and fill some empties with tap water before
being shoved back inside his spectacular room. At least this year Aunt Petunia mostly
remembered to bring him up leftovers or canned food, even if she never bothered to heat it
up. If she was out, Dudley would shove some sweets through the cat flap like he used to do
bread scraps into a too small cage the one year he had a bunny before the poor thing
inevitably died of neglect. Considering it was Dudley, parting with sweets probably was close

to a love confession. Never mind the humiliation that came with being fed through a bloody
pet opening in his door.
The reason Harry was in there and not out working the yard or doing whatever other chores
his aunt would come up with, was that currently Harry was pretty much useless to her. He
simply couldn’t see, or rather, he couldn’t see clear enough to do any chores whatsoever. It
had happened when Harry was mowing the backyard one evening. He had been getting lost
in his head again. There was still so much confusion about Voldemort’s demise, and Harry
hadn’t received any explanation. Though, yeah, that was partly his fault for not telling anyone
what had happened during his ‘possession’. But how could he talk about that? It was messing
with him.
The thing is, mowing and daydreaming don’t work so well together and before he could
really comprehend what was going on, he had stumbled, his glasses had taken flight off his
sweaty nose, and then there was a mean crunching sound from the mowing machine. And
this was how Harry Potter ended up half-blind and useless to his harping aunt, which led to
him stumbling around the house, knocking things over, burning food and generally making a
mess. He wasn’t surprised when he found himself locked in his bedroom the afternoon after
his accident.
Harry couldn’t go out. He couldn’t open the door with magic as he was still underage, hero or
not. He didn’t dare sneaking out when he was allowed bathroom time, because he was quite
certain they wouldn’t let him back in again. But being locked into a small space had never
done him any favours, his mind going places he wasn’t fond of remembering. Then there was
the heat, it was driving him nuts. He could bloody smell himself and he couldn’t even cut his
ever growing mop of hair without scissors or a knife at his disposal, because for some reason
his cutting knife for potions ingredients had done a runner. It was nowhere to be found in his
vast trunk, though a lot of other junk cluttering the space was making it rather hard to be sure.
Though, Harry wasn’t quite desperate enough - yet - to actually try and cut his hair with a
potions utensil. At this point his wayward locks, which had already been somewhat longish
during fifth year, were reaching past his chin and clinging to his sweaty skin. He couldn’t
make out much in the mirror, but he wasn’t too impressed with his looks at the moment.
Hedwig hooted from her perch near the open window, tearing Harry away from his spiralling
self-pity. He was about to say something to her when his uncle’s voice boomed through his
door, nearly making the wood vibrate.
“Boy, make that beast shut up or you won’t like the consequences!”
With a sigh Harry thumped his head back against the flat pillow, suppressing a groan. He was
stuck, a prisoner in what was supposed to be his home. He was a hero outside these walls and
yet he wasn’t even granted basic human rights in here. And no one was doing anything.
A flutter of wings and white feathers obscured his vision for a moment before Hedwig settled
on his knee. Staring at her in confusion, Harry was just about to reach out and pet her, when
she shuffled and gave him an imperious stare. Having successfully caught his attention,
Hedwig looked deliberately to the open window and back at Harry, head cocked and
something mischievous sparkling in here wide eyes. He followed her gaze, expecting another
post owl or something, but there was nothing there. Harry couldn’t even make out much of

the single tree standing in the Dursley’s backyard the way he was currently lying down. Well,
it would have been a brownish-green blob anyway.
“What…?”
For a second he thought the expression on her pretty face was very close to a scowl, as much
as owls could scowl anyway. Then she repeated the gesture and this time Harry got the hint.
There was a perfectly usable way out for him right there. Maybe he should do something
about the situation.
Actually… why not? Why the fuck was he putting up with all this, why was he letting others
decide what was best for him? There was no dark lord after him anymore and he had read in
the newspaper that many of the Death Eaters had either been apprehended at the Ministry or
been caught shortly after the battle. Apparently most of them had no understanding of
modern times, surprise surprise, and stood out like a sore thumb whenever trying to hide in
the Muggle World. Sure, there were bound to be some sequestered away in their hidey holes
or, like the Malfoys, hiding in plain sight. But Harry couldn’t bring himself to care. It was
over, his task was done, and he wanted out. He wanted his freedom or at the very least the
simple rights everyone else was granted. Sitting up abruptly, Harry smiled in the general
direction of the white blob that was his owl he had just dislodged.
“Thanks, beautiful,” he told her softly, careful not to make his voice carry beyond the room,
“You’re right. I should just go.”
Maybe it was a bout of teenage rebellion and perhaps he would come to regret this decision,
but Harry simply had enough. There was no valid reason why he shouldn’t be allowed to stay
somewhere else for this summer, without Voldemort about there was nothing truly making
him stay where he obviously wasn’t wanted apart from his own fears. And he wasn’t a
Gryffindor for nothing.
No time like the present.
With cautious movements Harry got up off the bed and opened his trunk. He considered the
contents for a moment, but was really too excited to think too far ahead. Now that he had
made his decision, he couldn’t wait to leave. He changed into a fresh jeans and t-shirt combo,
pulled out his favourite hooded jumper, stuffed a clean pair of pants into his pocket – because
why not – and put on his least worn-out sneakers. Next was his school satchel and never
before had he been so glad for inlaid featherweight charms. It had been a present from Sirius.
Upending it into the trunk, he refilled it with school books from all years that he deemed
most useful. Meaning, there certainly would be no Lockhart to be found. Locking the trunk
and pulling it into the darkest corner of the room, hoping to make it seem as inconspicuous as
possible, Harry went back down on his knees to pry open the loose floorboard under his bed.
There was no room for his photo album in the satchel, but it would be safe in the hidden
space for now. What Harry really wanted was his invisibility cloak and the mokeskin pouch
Hagrid had once gifted him.
“Mokeskin. Hide anythin' in there an' no one but the owner can get it out. They're rare,
them.” (*)

In there were still some knuts and sickles from the last year, but no muggle money. He had
never seen the need to exchange anything if he couldn’t even be sure he would have access to
it during the summer. Not that he would be using the little bit of money he actually had at
hand anytime soon if he could help it.
Standing straight again, all that was left was shoving his wand into his back pocket, donning
jumper and cloak (and wishing he could use cooling charms), and of course sending Hedwig
out to Ron. He couldn’t leave her here, especially not if he wasn’t sure when or even if he
would ever return.
“Right,” he told himself as he watched the white owl blob rapidly disappearing in the
distance, “You’re going to run in the dead of night against the headmaster’s instructions,
Harry.” Taking a deep breath, he climbed up on the windowsill, eying the drop warily. “Oh
well,” he muttered. “Why not.”
That said Harry Potter vanished into the dark of a sweltering summer’s dusk, not looking
back once.

“Where does our illustrious Saviour spend his summer? This reporter was out there for
you, my dear readers, talking to witnesses claiming to have seen Harry Potter himself at
the magical resort Renaissance Island, Aruba! Surely this glamorous holiday destination
with its sublime private beaches… (…)”
- The Daily Prophet

Chapter End Notes

(*) quote: Hagrid, Rubeus in HPatDH
(*) moke: M.O.M. classification: XXX
“The moke is a silver-green lizard reaching up to ten inches (25,4 cm) in length and is
found throughout Britain and Ireland. It has the ability to shrink at will and has
consequently never been noticed by Muggles.” – Scamander, Newt: Fantastic Beasts and
where to find them

Chapter 3: Daring
Chapter Notes

trying to add in a chapter, pls stand by

See the end of the chapter for more notes

He had been walking down Privet Drive, securely hidden beneath his cloak, vaguely aiming
for the next best public transport. Bus or train, it didn’t matter, he would take whatever he
caught first.
Halfway down the road, though, he had realised that yes, it was a warm summer’s night and
not likely to cool down anytime soon, but he still needed a place to stay. He could remember
spending nights outside during much worse conditions when his relatives felt he needed to
‘learn his place’ again, and it wasn’t fun. But no matter the weather right now, he wanted
away from here and he would need some kind of home base for the rest of the summer.
Preferably someplace that would allow him to visit Sirius in the hospital.
He couldn’t go to Grimmauld Place or he would find himself back where he had started like
so much return mail the moment Dumbledore was made aware. That meant the Burrow was
also out and Remus was likely to stay at headquarters anyway. Not that Harry would have
wanted to impose on the man, he had enough to struggle with as it was. If the way Harry felt
about Sirius’ condition was anything to go by, to Remus it must be physically painful.
Pushing down the gnawing guilt, Harry hoped they at least let his former professor visit his
incapacitated mate.
Shaking away the glum thoughts, Harry stopped at the turn into Wisteria Walk pondering
where else he could go. With no money at hand a room at the Leaky Cauldron wasn’t a
possibility and it would be way too public a place anyway. There were bound to be other
places like that, but his knowledge of the Wizarding World was woefully incomplete. He
would simply have to look, but not at this time of night, not when even defending himself
would get him in trouble.
The thought made him glance over his shoulder into the growing dark of the connection into
the next street. Shadows were slowly growing, stretching their reaching hands across the
space, creeping ever closer to where Harry was lingering. He could still recall the sudden
drop in temperature that happened last summer, right here in this alley. Dudley’s face going
slack, skin turning ashy. The oppressive presence of dementors squeezing his heart, invading
his mind…
Shaking his head abruptly, Harry turned his back on the alley and kept walking. Really,
someone needed to take a real close look at that ridiculous Decree for the Reasonable
Restriction of Underage Sorcery.

Staring after some giggling teens in the distance, Harry was nearly tempted to turn around.
Surely he would find a way to sneak back up to his room. No one had to know he had left, no
one had to know about this pathetic attempt at freedomWait. Hadn’t he heard Aunt Petunia going on about the ‘Special Friday’ in the Woking
Shopping Centre? Which, apart from a lot of customer-luring bargains, apparently offered
special opening times from 8 in the morning to midnight. Today was Friday, wasn’t it? Harry
snorted. If Luna were here, he was sure she would tell him the Wrackspurts obviously wanted
him to go there. Looking down at his beat-up wrist watch, Harry considered his options. It
was nearly 11 pm now, but if he managed to catch the train at the Woking Railway Station
just past the north end of Magnolia Crescent… Yes, he nodded to himself, a slightly unhinged
grin forming; he would spend the night hidden in a mall. It worked in movies, after all. (*)
It had been years since he had been here and the shopping centre had changed dramatically
from what Harry remembered from his childhood before Hogwarts. Back then he would often
trot after Aunt Petunia, carrying her bags, and generally feeling overwhelmed with all the
lights and people he wasn’t used to.
It wasn’t much different now, maybe even worse with the packed halls and stores, the crowds
pushing against each other and all the flashing advertisements. There was everything, various
clothing stores, jewellers, shops with so many odds and ends that Harry had no idea what
they were for in most cases, furnishings and even an optician. At least that’s what Harry
identified after carefully making his way over and squinting at the ads.
Suddenly he found himself stumbling and frantically making a grab for his cloak when
someone walked right into his invisible self. If anyone saw his shortly appearing feet, they
probably wrote it off as imagination. Muggles. Pressing himself into a corner near a bin,
watching the many people around and listening to his frantic heartbeat, Harry planned. First
things first, if he was to spend the night here, he needed to get into his chosen store before
they closed up. So, what would he need? Food, his grumbling stomach decided for him, and
maybe a place to sleep unnoticed until the centre opened in the morning again.
Noticing the crowds slowly thinning, Harry took another look at his wrist watch, noting that
his time would be up soon. Right. Everything he needed was right there, maybe he should use
the opportunity to get some new stuff as well. It wasn’t like anyone would see him with his
invisibility cloak, right?
Trying to ignore the honourable Gryffindor-part of himself that was shouting about morals
had Harry realising something, though. Everything he could need right now was basically at
the tips of his fingers, yet he wouldn’t be able to take anything. Not the nice clothes, nor new
glasses. The former because even if he managed to sneak passed the people and snag
something without raising any alarm, each and every piece was bound to be secured with
these nifty little gadgets that started some horrendous noise if you tried leaving without
paying and getting them removed. He had seen it happening once as a child. The latter,
glasses, were of course also locked in, but furthermore… Harry was fairly sure there would
be no glasses with already prescribed lenses waiting for him. Not to mention that he had no
idea what prescription he actually needed.

The food, though, was fair game.
Or that’s what Harry thought until he reached one of the many stalls and realised there was
no way he was getting any of the offerings on display without getting behind the counter. The
smells were amazing, sweet and savoury and all around fascinating for someone who hadn’t
that much variation in their diet so far. Thinking fast, Harry weighed his options, watching
the personnel in some of the stores start herding people out in a friendly, still unhurried way.
He was pretty sure the Market Walk would be closed up by now and …wasn’t there a grocer
somewhere around here?
And that’s when Harry realised that letting oneself drift with the crowds when half-blind was
a very dumb idea, because now he had no idea in which part of the shopping centre he
actually was. He knew there was a food court somewhere, but had no idea in which direction
he should go looking for it. If any grocers were in this part of the centre at all, probably not
on the level he currently was on. Right. Where were the stairs?
Cursing under his breath at his horrible eyesight, Harry made a careful beeline to what looked
like escalators. Perhaps. Maybe. At least the people blobs seemed to vanish into the floor
there and others seemed to be rising up into the air, so Harry was rather certain of this guess.
Jumping on, Harry rode the moving staircase down a level and found the grocer he had been
looking for. Slinking past some harried looking ladies, he snuck through the shelves and
down some aisles, stomach clenching at all the food around. Letting an apple vanish beneath
his cloak in passing, he started munching on it while deciding what else he would be able to
get away with.
He didn’t want to get anyone in trouble and he already felt bad enough for even taking the
apple. He calmed his conscience with remembering some report on the telly he had halflistened to once while cleaning the shelves in the living room. Uncle Vernon had commented
on the content quite derisively. Harry thought he remembered hearing about all the still good
food that would get disposed of afterhours simply because of some law or another, or maybe
it had had something to do with expire dates, but anyway, the point being that much of the
food now on display would never get sold. They wouldn’t miss it, he told himself firmly, and
opened a chocolate bar he had filched from an empty aisle.
He managed to eat his fill before the announcement of impending closing came through the
speakers, but didn’t dare taking anything but unpackaged fruit out of the store. He wasn’t
exactly up to date with muggle stuff so he wasn’t sure if there was anything similar to the
noisy gadgets on clothing on any of the packaged food.
Riding up the escalator again, he squinted at the emptying halls, nibbling on his lip. He
needed somewhere to stay for the night and there was bound to be a place selling beds or
similar things… if only he could actually make out the advertisements.

Some time later – and he was still unsure how he had found his way at all – saw Harry in a
store selling what seemed to be high-end furniture. He was scouring the different
arrangements for the perfect place to sleep, preferably out of sight so that if he lost the cloak

while asleep, he wouldn’t be at direct risk. Eying the various arrangement in interest, Harry
wondered how many people could afford to live like that. Wouldn’t you need an excessively
large living room to comfortably space out this many elaborate chaises and lounges andThe main lights went out and the store was plunged into abrupt darkness, leaving him
blinking rapidly.
He hadn’t noticed the last of the customers leaving, too distracted picturing a zebra-striped
sofa he had spotted in Malfoy Manor. In his mind Draco’s lordly dwellings somehow looked
too much like Grimmauld Place which reminded him of Sirius which- Alright, calm breaths.
He could do this, he was half-blind anyway, this didn’t make that much of a difference.
Turning to the left, Harry confidently took a few steps in the direction he thought he had seen
beds on display… and bit his tongue to keep from cursing out loud when he knocked straight
into what felt like an armchair. The screeching sound of roughly pushed furniture on
linoleum seemed to echo around the dark space for a too long moment. Heart in his throat, he
stood there unmoving, arms flailed awkwardly, praying no one had heard.
Were those steps of someone coming back or was he imagining things?

It took a while of him stumbling about and quite a few more near misses before his eyes
adjusted to the spare lighting from the emergency signs. He was so ready for this day to be
over.
There, right in front of him was a set-up of an elaborate bedroom, lavish and artfully
decorated and colour-coded. He eyed the enormous bed. Maybe he should hide in a pull-out
linen box? It would definitely protect him from being caught on camera or found by
employees in the morning.
(Thinking about it, he imagined the randomly moving furniture he had stumbled into on his
way here, was prime material for those ghost hunter videos Dudley obsessed over exactly one
afternoon. Aunt Petunia had put her foot down quite firmly with that one, like she did with
everything even remotely appearing supernatural.)
Touching the heavy wood, Harry dismissed the idea of hiding like that hastily. He would be
able to squeeze in there and with some wiggling maybe even be able to close it from the
inside, but… nope. Just no. He had had enough of cramped dark places for an entire lifetime.
In the end he decided on one of the less fancy beds on display, one not in direct line of sight
but half hidden behind some huge poster featuring a pretty girl with long black hair for some
reason.
Curling up in his invisibility cloak, Harry stared unseeingly up at the poster, listening as the
shopping centre around him slowly closed down, personnel leaving, doors and blinds being
shut until all he could hear was the faint humming of the emergency lights.
Well, at least the air con was running here.

Chapter End Notes

(*) Little Whinging is a fictitious place in the county Surrey.
According to Harry Potter Wikia Harry probably lives in northern Surrey, perhaps
around Staines. So in this story Little Whinging is located in the district Woking.
I looked up what way he would probably have taken, which means Woking Railway
Station as well as the Woking Shopping Centre do actually exist. Though, in reality the
centre was only founded in 1992, so Harry couldn’t have been there before going to
Hogwarts.
Hope I got across Harry’s lack of knowledge on how both the muggle and wizarding
world actually work. :)

Chapter 4: Re-naming
Chapter Notes

You might notice Harry doing and seeing stuff that should be impossible with the way
his eyes are described. Yes, that’s intentional. ;)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

13th July 1996
The next day started too early even for Harry. He had never thought about the time the
personnel of the stores would need to ready everything for opening, and he certainly hadn’t
taken overenthusiastic managers into account. So Harry, armed with a couple of tangerines
from yesterday’s haul, was out of the shopping centre long before the sun could start frying
the streets again.
He had pondered for a moment summoning the Knight Bus, but thought better of it. If the
wizarding populace hadn’t known how to recognise him before, they certainly did now what
with his picture constantly splashed over the front pages. He didn’t think there had been a day
in the last few weeks he wasn’t featuring the headlines – even if the pictures used looked
ridiculously old to him.
Muggle means it was, long live the invisibility cloak.
He couldn’t say he had ever been more grateful for the announcement of each station as even
plastered against a window pane of the train Harry was unable to make out much of the
outside world. He didn’t dare take a seat in fear someone would try sitting themselves on his
invisible hide. So it was with much relief that he left the stifling air of the train to Charing
Cross Road, London, only to run headlong into the humid madness that was the capital
during midday heat.
Charing Cross Road had never felt this endlessly long before, and when Harry finally reached
his first destination of the day he was quite dehydrated. And probably stinking to high
heaven. The little stint in one of the public restrooms of the mall hadn’t provided him with a
means to carry any of the tap water and the heat was getting to him. In the privacy of his
mind Harry admitted that his actions of last night had been painfully Gryffindor and not in
the good way. He would need to learn to cultivate his inner Slytherin more. But for now he
was just thankful that some inner feeling… guide… something had led him to the most
magical place in the proximity, the Leaky Cauldron. He had been afraid he would have to
actually ask his way around, unable to read any street signs as he was, but something had
insistently been tugging him in a certain direction.

The pub was as unassuming from the outside as ever and, after a brief check of his
invisibility cloak, Harry went inside, trying to open the door as little as possible. It didn’t stop
Tom the bartender from looking up, making Harry freeze in place. But when the heavy-set
man just shrugged and started muttering about bar gnomes, Harry dared to move a few feet
inside. It was just as dingy and worn looking as he remembered, yet the air was noticeably
cooler than outside. Yay for magic.
Still, the sight had Harry mournfully thinking of the very nice and comfortable room he had
inhabited here in his third year. There was no way he could rent one now, even if he had the
monetary means. Which he didn’t. Looking at the few patrons enjoying either the cool air,
lunch or both, Harry once again wished he could be like that. A wizard like any other, sitting
undisturbed in a pub, not having to fear mass swamping like he dimly remembered
happening at the Hogsmeade train station when school had let out. He shuddered. That had
been unsettling. It wasn’t just reporters hounding him back then, but everyday people as well.
He had recognised many faces from his trips to Hogsmeade, not to mention his fellow
students had been right there with the masses. If it hadn’t been for his select friends and a few
professors, Harry would have never even made it onto the train ho- …to London.
His stomach made itself known at the homely scents of the Leaky’s famous luncheon menu,
reminding him that he hadn’t eaten more than a few fruits today and not much more the
whole day yesterday. But he remembered the prices for the dishes enough to know that with
his current finances he wouldn’t be able to afford more than one of the many soups and
something cold to drink. He wasn’t about to spent his last money on food, he was used to
going without for days, but he certainly would make use of the restroom again. For some
reason wizarding tap water always smelled and tasted a lot better than the stuff at Privet
Drive, but maybe that was just his imagination. He certainly had no problem imagining
everything at that loathsome house, even the water from the taps, as contaminated by the
Dursley’s vileness.
Sighing as he splashed the heavenly chill onto his face and neck, Harry pondered his next
steps. So he had reached the Wizarding World undetected, and his relatives had probably not
even noted his absence yet what with him being of no use to them any longer. He longed to
simply walk up to Gringott’s and get some funds with which he would be able to rent some
small room hidden down some uninteresting side-alley no one would even think of looking
for him at…
Just, even though there were painfully large sums of galleons under his name at the Goblin
bank, Harry couldn’t access any. Not yet at least. The Potter family vault was not meant to be
accessed by the heir until maturity at seventeen, still a good year from now. And hadn’t it
been for one not-so-simple fact, Harry would have no need to do so anyway. He never spent
more than he needed, buying school supplies and spending money on his friends for presents,
but he rarely ever indulged himself. In fact, he couldn’t remember the last time he had bought
something solely for himself that wasn’t related to school. Even his sweets he shared. Now,
though, there was nothing left in his trust fund, because Harry had used all his money to
ensure Sirius’ continued treatment.
Yes, for the first time in his life Harry had ruthlessly used his name and money to get what he
wanted. Even if said ruthlessness was mostly due to shock. It was one of the only things he

clearly remembered doing before being hustled away to the Dursley’s.
Because Pettigrew had to be one of those Death Eaters still on the loose, which meant Sirius’
freedom was still up in the air, wizards were more likely to throw the comatose man back into
Azkaban than treat him. But his godfather needed treatment. So Harry had done what he
needed to, to ensure just that. Sirius was currently being treated in a warded private room at
St. Mungo’s, paid (read: bribed) for with the money from Harry’s trust fund. He had known
Remus didn’t have the means to get his mate help, the Black accounts were inaccessible for
them, and no one else seemed to even have time to think about it, so really, it was the logical
way for Harry. Still, with Kingsley now pending Minister, he dearly hoped Sirius’ case would
finally be looked into fairly. Only, with the clean-up of the mess Voldemort and his cronies
had apparently left the Ministry in, it wasn’t a priority by far. He only hoped his funds would
hold out until then.
In the courtyard of the Leaky Cauldron, once again re-adjusting his cloak, Harry decided on a
way of action. Summarising his situation: he had no money, still the trace on his wand which
meant no magic and therefore no sneaking lodging in the Muggle World, and he couldn’t risk
being seen by anyone, not to mention his abysmal eyesight. Which, basically, left him with
no real options, but he wouldn’t be Harry Potter if that were to stop him.
Knockturn Alley was probably a dumb decision. It was a dark, suspicious place no one risked
visiting unarmed. It was a place ‘proper’ wizarding folk would not go, at least not by
daylight, for fear of their reputation being tarnished. One did not go to Knockturn Alley if
one was not at the very least Darkish in magical and/or political terms. So, really, it was the
perfect place for Harry to hide in plain sight. No one would expect the Saviour, the Light
poster boy, to go there. Now he just had to survive his trip and find a way to go around the
dark alley unrecognised.
When had this turned from a summer’s escape to survival training?
Stepping to the side of the road a few dozen metres in and into the shadows of a huge pile of
rotting wood slaps, Harry considered the passer-bys for a while. Most everyone was wearing
a hood of some kind, hair was combed deep into faces to obscure features, and he noticed no
one actually meeting anyone’s gaze. But, the longer he stood there just watching, the more
Harry realised that these people, hurrying past and looking either very questionable or scared
or both, were only visitors. They were not the permanent residents of Knockturn Alley.
No. Those were another matter altogether. He went a little wide-eyed when he saw a man, no,
creature, with scaly skin and what appeared to be actual horns opening a window of one of
the sad looking flats of the upper floors above the stores. And that bloke wasn’t the only nonhuman he noticed once he managed to look passed the obvious. They weren’t even trying to
be inconspicuous like the harried people with the hoods and stuff, and yet they were a lot less
noticeable.
Quirking an eyebrow at an older woman sweeping a doorstep, who clearly had some Harpy
genes, Harry decided it was most likely their complete lack of trying that hid them better than
anything. They looked so at home it took a second or even third glance to really take note of
their presence, and that was with the sometimes very obvious looks.

Tearing himself away from his observations when he felt the heat once more taking a toll on
him, Harry decided to risk taking the cloak off for a moment. He was careful to stay in the
tall shadow of the wood pile as he did so, breathing easier the moment he took off both cloak
and jumper. It was fascinating how even during the blindingly bright hours of a summer’s
day the shadows of Knockturn Alley seemed darker than those out in Diagon Alley. The
whole street appeared much more shadowed than its counterpart, though that might have
been because it was a lot narrower, making the buildings on each side tower over the whole
place with an ominous air. Either way, it was the same heat here as outside and he still needed
to find a place to stay, preferably with a job attached, because at one point he would have to
eat no matter what.
Squatting down and rolling up the legs of his jeans, he eyed what he hoped to be a pub a
good way down the road, near a turn that led to Merlin knew where. Maybe he could ask the
owner if they knew about a job occasion around, a person owning a pub was bound to hear a
lot of things, after all. Right. If he pulled the oversized jumper on again and took a leaf out of
the harried visitors’ book with the hood, he might not go unnoticed, but most likely
unrecognised. His clothes certainly looked ratty enough to fit right in, though he noticed
some of the patrons appearing rather distinguished even though it was clear they had tried to
‘dress down’ for the occasion. Patting down his hair over his scar, for the first time thankful
for not having been able to cut it, and pulling on the hooded jumper again, Harry braved the
alley once more. This time without the safety net of his invisibility cloak.

The ramshackle building really was a pub, Harry decided squinting at the interior, but not one
of a kind he had ever seen in real life. Apart from the strange fact that the whole building was
being held up by stilts of some kind, it looked more like a saloon out of one of the western
movies Dudley had fairly absorbed sometime around them being thirteen. Right down to the
swinging half-door thingies. And right now it was mostly empty which Harry supposed was a
good thing. He didn’t want to announce his presence to the whole street, after all. The less
people saw him, the less risk of being recognised.
Later he would laugh a little bit hysterically at that thought.
Moving carefully around the small round tables more or less evenly situated in the clearly
magically enlarged place, Harry focused in on the person blob moving behind the bar. Size
and stature indicated a man, but he would wait addressing them until he was close enough to
be sure. It proved to be unnecessary as the bartender wasn’t giving him the time of day. Harry
was pretty sure he had been noticed and assessed the very moment he stepped through the
door, yet no one had said a word and now there he stood, feeling incredibly insignificant and
vulnerable, and the bloke wasn’t even paying attention to him.
“Um,” Harry tried, clearing his throat politely and wincing when he felt more than saw dark
eyes pierce him before the man turned away again. “S-sir? Excuse me?”
No reaction. He squinted at a movement that indicated the bartender having reached for a
glass and the gesture of his other arm looked like he was polishing it or something. Could this
get any more cliché?

“Please, Sir, I have a question,” he tried again. Nothing.
The man actually moved further down the counter, half turning away from Harry. A clear
dismissal. With a scowl Harry straightened up. He was obviously not wanted, but Godric help
him if he just turned tail like that.
“Hey,” he snapped at the person blob, smacking his hand down on the counter for good
measure. “I’m talking to you!”
A second later Harry suddenly remembered where he was when the whole room seemed to
freeze. A chill running down his spine, he let his wand drop into his hand, wishing
desperately he could see clearly…- there was a sigh managing to convey what was either a
very annoyed reaction or simply world-weariness, but somehow it made Harry relax just the
tiniest bit.
“Welcome to Bandy-Legs,” the bartender drawled blandly, “Knockturn Alley’s highest pub,
and the only place you probably won’t find yourself poisoned. Most days. The name’s
Ethelred Fergus Wanlockhead. Now, what?”
His tone of voice was decidedly sarcastic right up to his last phrase, making Harry feel dumb
for even opening his mouth. Still, he had come here to ask a question and he would at least
try. There was no use hightailing it now that he already had Mr. …Wanlockhead’s attention –
and probably that of everyone else present.
“I’m looking for a job and a place to stay around here,” he stated, focusing narrowed eyes on
the man behind the counter, “Would you happen to know where to point me?”
Another moment of silence followed and he felt like he was once again being scrutinized, he
imagined Mr. Wanlockhead’s intense gaze wandering over him from top to bottom. He
wasn’t sure of the result.
“Was wonderin’ what a lass like you’d be doing around here,” he finally deemed to answer,
making Harry start. Wait, what? “So what’s your name, little birdy, and you sure you don’t
wanna run back to your mummy’s robestrings?”
The tone of voice was mocking and with the man now closer Harry could make out the
condescending tilt of his mouth. But there was something in those near-black eyes that made
Harry hesitate to snap and correct him. He was either made fun of or truly being mistaken for
a girl and he was being talked down to as well, but… there was no recognition whatsoever
and that was probably what let Harry answer the way he did:
“I’m Ha- …Harley.” He cleared his throat, shifting nervously. “Just Harley.” (*)
He thought he saw the condescending mouth twitch in amusement for a second, but it was
gone in a blink, replaced by a blank expression. Still, something was different to the man’s
demeanour now, a barely there change that was for some reason vaguely reassuring.
“So a little bunny not a bird, huh,” the bartender – pub owner? – drawled again.

He was eying Harry with eyes nearly as dark as Snape’s, but where the spy’s gaze had always
seemed bottomless, in Mr. Wanlockhead’s something constantly seemed to be shifting. It was
intriguing and unsettling at the same time, just like the whole of Knockturn Alley. And yet,
Harry felt the same something that had guided him half-blind through London swell warmly
in his chest, like an affirmation of some kind.
“Do somethin’ about your appearance, lass, and I’ll consider it,” he suddenly leered, making
Harry scowl up at him indignantly. Right, so, first he was mistaken for a girl and now he was
being mistaken for an ugly girl. “Take a bath upstairs, wash that mop of hair of yours and use
some cleanin’ and mendin’ spells on your clothes. Ain’t a fancy place, don’t get fancy
customers, but I’ll at least have my waitresses look somewhat neat.”
Oh. So did that mean he got a job? Right here? Just like that?
“But… If I use magic outside of school, I’ll be expelled before I can spell ‘Quidditch’,”
Harry argued, though really, more for appearance’s sake.
What did he care if the man thought him unsightly (or a girl for that matter), it really did
sound like he would get this job. It was a lot more a lot sooner than he had expected. Though,
getting laughed at had not exactly been on his list.
“You’re at Knockturn Alley, lass,” the man chuckled somewhat darkly. “Every single brick is
drenched in magic. No one’s gonna be able to trace a spell to you and none of the patrons
care if you’re of age or not.”
Well, that would make things a lot easier. Staring back at the black eyes, Harry nibbled at his
bottom lip unsurely. Should he really take the man up on his offer? He had a sneaking
suspicion that Wanlockhead only offered because he thought Harry was a girl. And wasn’t it
in situations just like this the girls in Dudley’s movies always made the wrong decision –
agreeing – and regretting it later?
Alright, so maybe he shouldn’t base all his assumptions and decisions on movies, halflistened to ones at that, and no, he would not think about how pathetic it was that he really
had no other experience. Then again, this was exactly what he had been looking for. A job
and with some luck a place to stay, even if it meant coming into contact with a lot of people.
It was a pub, after all. Then again, if he was the ‘waitress’ no one would look at him as Harry
Potter, no one would even think of Harry Potter in such a context, which made it a lot less
probable he would be recognised. And he didn’t think any of the people he was close to
would frequent such a place.
Looking Mr. Wanlockhead over once more, studying the dark eyes that were staring right
back, Harry gave a hesitant nod. If the bloke’s intentions were anything but what it said on
the tin, he would get a nasty surprise the moment he tried anything. Now that Harry knew he
could get away with using magic, he felt a lot safer. Defending himself from some potentially
lecherous bloke was well within his capabilities. (*)

Chapter End Notes

(*) Please note: Harry is being incredibly naïve. You should NOT simply accept an
offer like that.

(*) Harley. I know, it’s a cliché and everyone has different opinions on how ‘fem!Harry’
(even if he is only going to crossdress) should be named. I chose ‘Harley’ because for
one it’s unisex and also because I simply like the name.
The name ‘Harley’ is from a surname which was from a place name, itself derived from
Old English hara "hare" and leah "woodland, clearing". So basically it means “from the
hare’s meadow” which is why Wanlockhead calls him a bunny.

Chapter 5: Changing
Chapter Notes

The classical metamorphosis chapter. I simply had to. <3

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Green like the Saviour’s Eyes! Majestic jade or deep emerald like everyone’s darling’s
gorgeous eyes has been voted to be the colour of the year! The Saviour wasn’t available
for comment, but close friends of his claim Harry Potter always has had a special spot
in his heart for the colour… (…)”
- The Daily Prophet

The floorboards were creaking ominously beneath the strangely silent steps of the man
walking in front of Harry. Up close Mr. Wanlockhead was a lot taller and broader than he had
looked behind the counter and Harry once again half cursed half thanked his own lack in
height. After all, if he weren’t this short, he probably wouldn’t be mistaken for a girl,
presumptions and all that, which very likely would mean no job and no nearly perfect
disguise. He would have never even entertained the idea and that was what made this so
ideal.
“Here,” Wanlockhead spoke up, snapping Harry’s attention back to the man and the door he
was pointing at. They had walked up a set of narrow stairs that went up right behind the
counter, ending in an equally narrow hallway with four worn looking doors. “Make use of
what’s there and get some sleep. There,” he pointed to one of the other doors. “You’ll need it
tonight when the bar’s packed.”
With that Wanlockhead turned on his heel and walked back down. Harry blinked after him,
releasing a breath he hadn’t noticed he was holding. He stood still for a moment, listening in
vain for the retreating steps of his new… boss? …but it was still only the floorboards he
heard, not the actual footfalls.
The first indicated door revealed a tiny bathroom, for some reason no enlarging spells having
been used here. A shower bath of questionable size, sink, toilet, and a very small dresser were
cramped inside, making Harry wonder how someone of Mr. Wanlockhead’s stature would be
able to manoeuvre the room. Shrugging he locked the door, but hesitated again before
drawing his wand and daring himself to erect a ward. It would be alright, his boss was right,
this was Knockturn Alley, everyone and their Kneazle did magic here at all times.
Still, after casting Harry couldn’t help but tense, waiting for a few moments in absolute
silence for the Ministry response to his use of underage magic. He had no idea how long he

stood there, nothing but the eerie loo as company, but at one point Harry decided that it didn’t
matter. The spell was cast, if he was going to be expelled it would happen now anyway, no
use in waiting around and spoiling the opportunity to clean off all the sweat that had
accumulated over the day.
He showered carefully, meticulously cleaning himself, not knowing when he would get the
next chance to do so. He really should have planned ahead more before just up and leaving
Privet Drive. The tiles were somewhat filthy and the water didn’t really heat up, but that was
fine with Harry. He had never been allowed hot showers at the Dursley’s and the day was
stifling enough on its own. He decided to use the single bar of soap he found in the stall,
using it equally on his body and hair, before rinsing. There were no towels he could see apart
from the one next to the sink, threadbare and stained, so he used a drying charm on himself.
Next were his teeth and once again Harry made liberal use of his magic. It was kinda freeing.
Only then did he dare tackle the real issue: His disguise.
He would have to dress the part if he wanted to be seen as a girl and at this point he was not
keen on Mr. Wanlockhead’s reaction should he realise he had allowed some strange bloke
into his flat. Somehow Harry didn’t think the man would take the revelation as lightly as he
did thinking Harry a girl. Society’s presumptions and all that.
He twirled his wand, pondering how to go about his disguise. He probably should go for the
extreme, cliché female, girly, just to avoid any suspicion. Thinking about the girls he knew,
Harry wrinkled his nose as Lavender Brown popped up in his mind in relation to the term
‘girly’. Okay, maybe not that much to the extreme. And no giggling whatsoever. Still,
fashioning his disguise after someone he knew was his best bet not to muck this up
completely. Probably.
First things first, a cliché girl had to have long hair, right? That he could do, only made easier
with the length already there.
He ended up with tresses just brushing at his shoulder blades, ends curling, making him
frown at the strange tickling sensation. But with more length Harry encountered another
obstacle: He needed to pay his hair a lot more attention than he was used to. Transfiguring
some wayward piece of chipped tile into a brush and working his way through the tangled
mass, Harry fast realised he would not be walking around with his hair free any time soon.
The knots were painful! After that he needed all his concentration to manage something
resembling a plait, leaving out generous bangs to hide his famous scar. He had no idea how
long-haired people dealt with this, but was proud to say it at least felt quite impressive to the
touch. But brushing his hands along his new plait also made him aware of his face. He likely
should shave, right? Just to be on the safe side.
He hadn’t truly grown anything resembling facial hair yet, meaning he had never actually
needed to use a shaving charm. But he had listened to Ron and his other dorm mates using it
nearly every day for the last few years, he could do it. Raising his wand and pointing it
carefully at his chin, Harry hesitated. He had witnessed the result of a wrongly cast shaving
charm once and the image of Seamus’ half shaven head and missing eyebrows (though those
were singed most days anyway) was coming back to him now full force. Right. Maybe
testing it on his legs first was the better course of action. He should probably get rid of body

hair anyway if he wanted to avoid as many questions as possible. Girly girls wore skirts,
didn’t they?
The shaving charm worked for Harry on his second try, the first actually leaving a shallow
cut at his shin. When it worked correctly, though, it felt like a cool silken cloth brushing
along his leg, leaving slightly rosy skin but no hairs in its way. Handy. The spell needed a bit
more focus on his face and Harry half expected to end up without any kind of facial hair at
all, eyebrows and lashes included. In the end it went well enough, leaving only a little itching
sensation behind. He remembered the other boys using some potion or cream to soothe the
skin afterwards, but could only shrug. He could live with a bit of itchy skin.
Glancing down at the puddle he had left his clothes in, Harry groaned slightly. He was not
looking forward to this part. He decided to stall a bit and go about cleaning what he had first
before attempting to feminize the only clothes he owned at the moment. Staring a little
confusedly at the clean pants he found in his jeans pocket, but shrugging it off as situational
madness, he put them on before going about getting rid of the sweaty stench. He aimed the
only cleaning spell he knew at his jeans and t-shirt, hoping he wouldn’t blow anything up.
Normally he didn’t have to use spells like this, the house-elves taking care of any laundry at
Hogwarts and at the Dursley’s cleaning spells certainly wouldn’t have been his first choice if
he had been allowed to cast anything.
Maybe he really should transfigure his jeans into a skirt? He was aiming for cliché female,
after all. The girlier the better considering what he was hiding. At least he was passable at
Transfiguration, and even though Hermione would have done it better, the resulting jeans
skirt would do for now. Thinking practical, Harry accepted that his shirt would need to hide
the lack of chest. So maybe something flowy and fluttery? And definitely nothing low-cut...
Blinking, he choked out an incredulous laugh as he caught up to his own thoughts. Harry
Potter thinking about the best ways to show off non-existent boobs four weeks after defeating
Voldemort.
Merlin, he had defeated Voldemort. That had really happened. It was over, finally over. The
thought cut off his laughter, leaving him partly awed, partly bitter. If it wasn’t telling that he
still found himself surprised and shocked at the realisation, he didn’t know what was.
Forcing himself to focus back on his work with a shaky breath, Harry decided that the
freshening charm his Quidditch team had taught him early on would also work on clothing.
He had more practise than with the cleaning spell, that much was for sure, and wouldn’t risk
blowing anything up. Or setting it on fire, he had seen that happening once to one of Ron’s
jumpers… He would need to do laundry soon anyway, spells could only do so much. Harry
aimed at his socks. He might have gotten ahead of himself, though, when his mind drifted to
Luna and her preference for colourful stockings, because somehow his spell not only
freshened up the slightly thread-bare socks once belonging to Uncle Vernon, but also
managed to transfigure and colour them. He ended up with approximately thigh high socks
ringed in all the colours of the rainbow. Luna would have loved them, but Harry eyed them
with something akin to dread. His magic had some curious humour.
It did take him a few minutes to drum up the courage to actually dress in his disguise. Pulling
on the skirt felt strange, leaving him feeling naked even with the… stockings. He tried

arranging the ruffles of his transfigured blouse in a way that would make it impossible to
notice the distinct lack of curves, taking a lot more care and time than he normally would for
dressing, before finally braving a look into the mirror. He could see the fuzzy image of a blob
that very well could have been a girl, skirt swaying at every little movement and a long plait
falling over a shoulder. Stepping closer he examined his reflection as best he could with his
blurry vision.
Looking back at Harry was still very clearly himself – if one had an intimate knowledge of
what Harry looked like without his glasses, which, admittedly, pretty much no one but
himself had. The reason for that was not only his miserable eyesight, but more than anything
the fact that the glasses seemed to belong to the image of ‘Harry Potter’ as much as the
lightning bolt scar and untameable bird’s nest of black hair. People were fickle and shallow
like that. Take away the glasses, change the hair style a little and no one recognised their
supposed hero anymore. He snorted in disgust, wondering just for a second if his friends
would recognise him now. Not that he wanted them to see him like this, he could just imagine
the hackling he would have to endure if certain people became aware of his chosen method of
disguise.
Staring at the image he made, Harry found himself for once grateful for the shallowness of
people. Without the glasses his likeness to James Potter was definitely diminished, his
mother’s looks shining through stronger. It went a long way in smoothing the distinctly male
edge of his jaw, drawing the attention up to his eyes that really did look a lot like his mother’s
and not just in colour. The blouse was okay, he thought. He was skinny enough it probably
wouldn’t be seen as too weird that he was somewhat …lacking. All in all Harry thought he
looked okay, he couldn’t spot anything too obviously male.
“Maybe want to do something about that Adam’s apple, darling.”
It felt like he jumped a mile high, wand in hand, back to the wall and eyes frantically
searching the room.
“Over here, poppet. I would stand if I could, but alas the boundaries of enchantments are not
in my favour.”
Harry stared hard at where the voice was coming from, squinting and trying to make out
anything – until his mind finally clicked on. The mirror was talking. Bloody hell. With a
weary sigh Harry collected his spare bits of clothing, which really were only the used pants
and the jumper. He would need to either travel back to Privet Drive soon to get more, or… or
maybe Mr. Wanlockhead would pay him early. He didn’t really want to ask, though. After
one last look around the grimy bathroom, Harry left, the mirror’s voice drifting after him.
“Come visit soon, darling! We can just… hang around.”

In contrast to the bathroom his assigned sleeping space was surprisingly clean. It wouldn’t
win any home design awards and was in size even smaller than his room at the Dursley’s, but
Harry wasn’t about to whine. It was tidy and he got a twin bed and a chair, the small window
was obscured by heavy dark green curtains and the floor was only marginally creaking.

Leaving his invisibility cloak in his jumper’s pocket, aiming another freshening charm at the
used pants and hanging both over the lone chair, Harry considered putting up a ward once
again. But then, this was Mr. Wanlockhead’s home and… in contrast to putting a ward up
when he was using the shower, it felt somewhat rude to do so now. As if he were expecting
anything untoward from his new boss. Shaking his head, Harry turned careful eyes to the
bedding. It looked just as clean as the rest of the room, and really, Harry had slept in much
worse places. Even if it was coloured in faded Slytherin green stripes.
Sitting down on the edge (and decidedly not noticing how his skirt was riding up and
exposing a sliver of skin between the rainbow stockings and the hem) he blinked at the very
comfortable mattress. That was unexpected. He let himself fall back with a sigh, plait
flopping beside him heavily. But before he could ponder the situation he had gotten himself
into much, Harry was fast asleep.

He was woken up by harsh pounding on his door, sending him scrambling for his wand, heart
lodged in his throat painfully. In the next second Mr. Wanlockhead stood in the doorframe,
scowling down at him, before his eyebrows shot up his forehead at the sight of Harry’s wand.
“I see you’ve learned your lesson,” he commented, before taking his merry time scrutinizing
Harry’s changed appearance. He could feel the man’s stare wander from his rainbow-clad
legs, over his swaying jeans skirt and along the flowy (and now slightly creased) blouse,
before finally zeroing in on Harry’s face. “In more than one way,” he added, sounding as if he
hadn’t actually expected Harry capable of looking anything resembling decent.
Harry was tempted to emulate one of Ron’s phrases, commenting on the constant tone of
surprise, but refrained. Instead he found himself hugging his waist unsurely, the unfamiliar
way of dress leaving him feeling vulnerable. His new boss looked huge and looming and
Harry was suddenly aware of the fact he had no idea what to actually expect of this whole
situation.
“So,” he spoke up after an awkward pause, trying to ignore the insistent feeling of nakedness,
“Does that mean I… erm… get to stay?”
Glancing up, he found Wanlockhead still eying him, an unreadable look in his dark eyes.
That is, until he suddenly seemed to catch himself and turned around abruptly. He was
halfway to the stairs before Harry realised he had left the room.
“S-sir?”
“Yeah, yeah,” the tall man huffed. “You’ve got the job.” He turned just before the first step
down, looking over his shoulder at Harry once more. “And don’t mention that age issue out
in the parlour again.”
Harry thought he saw a blush.

Chapter End Notes

Do you think magical/talking mirrors are enchanted with a certain personality or is it
something developing over time influenced by the magic surrounding the mirror?

Chapter 6: Trying
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

A few minutes later found Harry unsurely making his way down the narrow stairs. Emerging
behind the counter down in the parlour he tried taking as much of a look around as his
eyesight would allow. He was pretty sure no patrons were currently at the pub and listening
for any sounds only led him towards a door in the far back of the enlarged room. Peering
inside, Harry could make out the figure of his new boss shifting grates in a smallish space.
“Get yourself one of the aprons from behind the counter and sweep the floor out there,” was
grumbled at him. “Wipe down the tables while you’re at it.”
Harry nodded, though it didn’t seem like the blurry figure of Mr. Wanlockhead was even
looking in his direction. Feeling his way back towards the counter and running into a few
chairs on the way, Harry found some aprons hung up on a hook in the wall. They were all too
long for him and the ribbon went a few times around his waist before he could fasten it
closed. The broom he found in a cabinet right next to the aprons and Harry set to work
immediately. Cleaning was something he had learned from an early age, it was second nature
by now. Which also meant the work left his mind free to wander and he couldn’t help but
listen constantly for his boss back in the storage room.
What had he gotten himself into?
Here he was in a pub in Knockturn Alley cleaning floors. Oh it wasn’t the work that made
him uneasy, and perhaps not even the place per se, though that remained to be seen. Harry
had certainly never felt entitled to anything special, no matter what the press said, and being a
…waitress didn’t give him any issues (Apart from the wearing skirts thing, that is). He was
used to earning his keep. It was perhaps the whole situation of him having run away from his
relatives against the headmaster’s express instructions that had him looking over his shoulder
every few seconds. Dumbledore had not wanted Harry to be exposed to all the hype going on
right now, not to mention the apparent danger he supposedly was still in.
Yes, Harry could give him that much. There were bound to be Death Eaters out for his blood
still, and maybe they were even more dangerous to him now than they had been before their
master’s demise. After all, Voldemort had always insisted on being the one to take Harry out.
Now it would be ‘kill first, ask questions never’. He shuddered.
But Harry was done with the war, was done with the fighting. He had completed his task and
he was not going to let others dictate his life for him any longer. There was no bloody need
for him to be kept at the Dursley’s! Even if there were Death Eaters planning their revenge,
Grimmauld Place had always been safe enough for the Order of the Phoenix, so why not for
him? The place was unplottable, for Merlin’s sake! Without Voldemort’s raw power there was
simply no way anyone unwanted would be able to make their way in – if they were even
aware of its location.

“Well, that’s certainly an unexpected sight,” the now almost familiar voice of Wanlockhead
drawled from behind Harry, making him spin around. He cocked his head in question, not
sure what the man was talking about. “You still scared of gettin’ in trouble with the Ministry,
lass? You didn’t strike me as one of those pampered brats unable to wipe their arses by
themselves.”
Harry frowned. He had no idea what his boss was going on about and was about to ask when
Wanlockhead made a very distinct motion with his hand. A second later the broom yanked
itself from Harry’s grasp and started swiftly sweeping the floorboards. By itself. Blinking,
Harry stared at it for a second before looking sheepishly over at his boss.
“I didn’t think of that,” he admitted softly, tugging at the hem of his skirt (his skirt!)
uncomfortably. Why did he charm the thing so damn short? Wanlockhead snorted.
“Yeah figured,” he muttered before throwing something at Harry. It was only due to his
Seeker reflexes that he caught the cloth before it could slap him in the face. “It’s selfcleanin’, but you need to actually do the wipin’,” his boss said before turning and retreating
behind the counter. There he started to fiddle with bottles from what Harry could make out.
“Right.”
He was pretty sure the man meant the tables and not Harry’s arse. This time. Turning, Harry
carefully made his way over to the next best table and set to work wiping down the surface. It
was remarkable. Any and all stains he encountered simply soaked themselves up into the
cloth and Harry ended up staring more than once at the self-cleaning charm, watching in
fascination when whatever he had mopped up simply vanished from sight the moment it
soaked itself into the cloth. What he would have given for something like that growing up! It
didn’t take him long to finish up, though he did run headlong into a wooden pillar twice.

It was loud. The cacophony of voices overlapping each other, humming like a hive of bees,
was what first truly registered with Harry. After helping Wanlockhead prepare the bar for the
evening customers, he had been sent back up to be ‘out of sight’. Harry had bristled at that,
wondering why the hell the man even bothered to employ him if he didn’t want Harry to be
seen. But then he had looked at his boss, truly looked, unconsciously reaching out with his
magic, and suddenly Harry had understood.
Ethelred Fergus Wanlockhead was trying to protect him. To this man Harry was an underage
and destitute girl without guardian in an environment that could turn deadly at the slightest
wrong move. Well, Harry thought, that wasn’t far off at the moment. Wanlockhead wanted to
keep attention off of Harry by only letting him come down when the bar was already packed,
full of people that would distract from the strange new waitress. It would certainly work in
Harry’s favour.
So there he was now, carefully and somewhat intimidated by the sheer mass of patrons
present, making his way down the creaky stairs. He hesitated behind the counter for a
moment, trying to take in as much as possible, but he really could only make out moving
people blobs. He watched the hulking figure of his boss move with his back to Harry, pouring

glasses, mixing drinks with both hands at the same time while holding a conversation with
three men sitting directly at the counter. He even looked up at one point to shout something
across the busy room, but Harry couldn’t make out what had caught Wanlockhead’s attention.
“I’ve shrunken your apron, lass,” the deep voice of his boss suddenly addressed him and
Harry saw him throwing a short glance over his shoulder.
He nodded and made his way over to the hook in the wall. As Harry put the now fitting cloth
on, he noticed the attention that had switched to him. Those patrons sitting directly at the
counter were suddenly all staring at him, eyes following his every move. It was a very
uncomfortable and somewhat intense situation, leaving Harry tense and on guard. His wand
was hidden up his sleeve as he didn’t deem the skirt’s pockets as safe anymore now that no
overlarge jumper was hiding them from sight. He itched to reach for it. Glancing at the men
from the corner of his eye, he noticed one rather scraggly looking bloke’s gaze lingering on
Harry’s stocking-clad legs. Okay, that was unexpected. And unfamiliar. He was used to looks
and stares, but… not this kind of stare. Straightening his spine, Harry glared at the bearded
bloke, wishing he could hex him for the rudeness, but received only a jovial smile in return.
“I see you’ve improved the atmosphere of this old shed, Fergus,” the man commented, still
smiling at Harry in a friendly way.
“Well, Ruaidh, with old reprobates like you ’round…,” Wanlockhead trailed off with a smirk,
eliciting a round of laughter from the three men he had been talking to before.
“Oi!” The scraggly beard finally managed to tear his attention away from Harry and onto the
bartender, “I resent such impertinence,” he sniffed in mock-offence, obviously trying (and
failing) to pull off what Harry termed Malfoy-behaviour. Then his eyes wandered back to
Harry who was still lingering unsurely, hands curled into his apron. “Evenin’, lass,” he
nodded, his red and grey streaked beard bobbing, “Ruaidhrí MacGraith, at your service,” he
introduced himself, tipping an invisible hat at Harry. (*)
“Har- …Harley,” he answered with a nod of his own, glancing over at his boss.
Wanlockhead was drawing most of the men sitting at the counter back into conversation, but
motioned for Harry to get to work. Right, if only he knew what he was supposed to do.
“Never seen you ‘round before,” the man named MacGraith, who was apparently being
called Ruaidh or something by those around, addressed Harry again. “Would’ve remembered
such delicate beauty,” he added with a conspiratorial wink.
Harry turned bright red. He definitely had never been called a ‘delicate beauty’ before and
part of him wanted to grouch and snap at the geezer that he was a guy, a man, really, not
some pretty maiden. But he couldn’t do that. If he was to keep this disguise, was to have the
freedom anonymity offered, he needed to play along. It was only for the summer anyway. He
was about to stammer out something, not quite sure what exactly, when some boisterous
laughter went up again, drawing more attention to the counter and subsequently Harry.
“Big words, Ruaidh,” someone commented, slapping the scraggly beard on the back, “Didn’t
know you had it in you, mate. Though, reminds me, yesterday there was…”

And just like that the general attention was more focused on MacGraith and his new
companion than Harry, just enough for his boss to push a tray into his hands and sent him out
to ask the patrons sitting near the door if they wanted anything to drink. Not that Harry could
make them out with his eyes, but he could certainly hear them. They were easily the loudest
group around and that was considering the whole pub was so packed with people Harry had
to worm his way through the crowd. He squeezed passed groups of enthusiastically talking
people and ducked under flailing arms, going mostly unnoticed as everyone seemed to be
immersed into something be it talking, drinking, cards or something else entirely that Harry
wasn’t about to question further. Sometimes though he felt eyes on him. It made him antsy
and his hand wandered to his wand more than once, just in case.
“Um…”
The group was made up of four men and one woman, at least that was what Harry thought he
made out with his blurry sight. Sitting there around one of the tables near the doors, they
were rowdy, laughing and joking. They also didn’t feel completely human. Harry had no idea
how he got that idea since he couldn’t see them too clearly, but something about the group
just felt like… ‘more’.
“What’s that, luv?” The woman, perched on one of the men’s laps, asked him and the others
all turned to look at Harry. Biting his lip, he shuffled in place for a second, before
straightening his shoulders.
“Can I get you something? Mr. Wanlockhead sent me,” he rushed out.
“Mr. Wanlockhead, she says,” one of the men snorted, apparently very amused. “He told you
to call him that?” Harry blinked at him in confusion.
“It’s his name, isn’t it?” He asked back, not sure where this was going.
His answer had the others laughing again and Harry scowled at them, tempted to just turn
around and leave. But this was basically his very first task in his new job. He did not want to
fail.
“Yeah, just,” one said, finally taking pity on Harry, “No one calls him that. He’s Fergus to
everyone around here.”
Harry cocked his head for a moment, thinking back to the conversations he had overheard at
the counter. It made sense, he supposed, to call the owner of a popular pub by a more familiar
name. Like Madam Rosmerta of the Three Broomsticks, or even Tom of the Leaky... actually,
what was Tom’s last name? He shrugged, giving a sheepish smile.
“He’s my boss,” he said, pulling his tray in front of him pointedly. “So…?”
He looked at them leadingly, widening his eyes, brows rising in an exaggerated expression
and this time the laughter felt less on his expense.
“Mh,” one tall and lanky one rumbled in a surprising baritone, “Never thought I’d see the day
this trashy place gets some class.” He looked at Harry with glowing amber eyes that tickled

at something in Harry’s memory before doing some strange movement with his head. It took
Harry a moment to realise the man was scenting the air. “And in such interesting form too,”
he added, smirking knowingly.
Werewolf. The realisation wasn’t what had Harry taking a cautious step back, though. It was
the knowledge that this man was not only more than a plain wizard, but that he also very
much knew there was more to Harry than the front of the gullible waitress he showcased.
Could he smell Harry wasn’t actually a girl? He gulped, fervently hoping his little stint of
freedom wasn’t about to be cut short then and there.
“Don’t unsettle the sweet one, Romu,” the woman chided, before giving Harry a friendly
smile. “A round of firewhiskey, luv.”
He didn’t linger.
It hadn’t registered before as he was not only half-blind, but also very much concentrated on
his task (of surviving the madness). Now, though, that he was actually looking for it, he could
see it and even fancied he could somewhat feel it: The patrons of Bandy-Legs were a wild
mixture of mundane wizards and creatures. And Harry realised he really shouldn’t be
surprised by that revelation. He remembered Remus and the fall-out in third year when he
had been outed as a werewolf, a dark creature by Ministry law, and he remembered the more
informative of his Defence Against the Dark Arts lessons. Was it really that surprising there
were so many supposedly dark creatures here, at a place considered so dark it even showed in
its name? Knockturn Alley was probably somewhat of a safe haven for those wizarding
society rejected. How fitting that Harry had found shelter here.
Still, it was fascinating. He could make out a group that clearly were vampires, he would
recognise the Snape-like looks of sallow skin and black eyes everywhere. Or maybe he
should say Snape had vampiric looks, he supposed. Either way, the group of gaunt looking…
people blobs… reminded him even from the distance of Sanguini, the vampire who had been
in the headmaster’s office last year on that horrible night Harry had dreamed of Mr. Weasley
being attacked by Nagini… he blinked rapidly, pushing the vicious memories away. Even
now Harry sometimes had nightmares of that night, the vision of him as Nagini going after a
man he greatly respected.
Taking a deep breath, Harry realised he had been standing and staring at the odd group.
Actually… squinting at one person blob in particular, tall and somewhat fancier dressed than
the others, he suddenly gasped and turned abruptly away. If that really was Sanguini, there
was a good possibility he would recognise Harry. (*)
In his haste to get out of sight, he nearly tumbled into a group of hags who for some reason
seemed delighted to have him near. They were grabbing for his arms and legs, tugging him
closer, cooing and giggling with their strangely high voices. It freaked Harry out and he
struggled to get away from them. He was in luck, or so he thought, as a passing wizard took
pity on him and pulled him away with a somewhat crude tugging spell. It landed Harry right
in the man’s arms and way too close to his leering face, but this time he was aware enough to
get his hand on his own wand. A ruthlessly placed stinging hex later and Harry hurried back
to the counter to take a breather in the space behind.

“More than you can handle?” Wanlockhead muttered to him from the corner of his mouth,
never faltering in handing out drinks and cashing in his money.
Harry wasn’t sure if his tone of voice was truly as mocking as the man wanted it to be, he
rather thought he heard some well-concealed concern. Or maybe he was just grasping at
passing pixies.
“I’m fine,” he automatically answered, forcing himself to take a calming breath and to ignore
the tremors in his hands. He smoothed his apron out and relayed the orders from the group of
werewolves by the door. Or maybe they were a pack?
“Mh,” his boss hummed partly in affirmation, partly doubt and Harry watched as five shot
glasses floated down from a shelf, positioning themselves neatly in a row as a bottle of
firewhiskey started filling them to the brim. “Well, then, bring these to those fur-bottoms.”
This time Harry was sure there was a challenge in Wanlockhead’s tone of voice and he glared
defiantly back. As if he would cave just because some prat got a bit grabby! He wasn’t going
to think about the hags. Taking up the tray again, careful not to spill anything, Harry squinted
over the room full of people, trying to make out the best route. Right. He could do this.

As the night wore on, Harry learned little tricks to make his life easier. Like attaching glasses
to his tray with sticking charms and only levitating drinks in extenuating circumstances like
the one his boss had pushed him into right at the beginning. That order of firewhiskey had
gone flying twice, once when Harry tried to circumvent the reaching hands of yet another (or
maybe the same) wizard and the second time when he tried to be clever about it and levitated
his tray… but forgot the sticking charms to the glasses. The pub had been completely packed,
people standing shoulder to shoulder and there was no way Harry would have been able to
make his way through. Normally his small size would have allowed him to squeeze between,
but well… he generally learned from his mistakes. Luckily for Harry not one of the
customers had more than grunted at the sudden alcoholic shower.
It went from there. Harry was unsure of himself and shy but trying his best nonetheless. His
poor eyesight was causing quite a few problems, he had screwed up more than once, running
headlong into tables and stools he hadn’t seen and sending the contents of his tray flying.
Still, Mr. Wanlockhead hadn’t commented and as long as Harry cleaned up after himself, he
didn’t seem to particularly care. It took a few hours on that first night before Harry started to
realise that if he didn’t try to rely solely on his half-blind eyes, but instead trusted his magic
to lead, manoeuvring the whole of the bar was a lot easier. Sadly one doesn’t just realise
something like that and implements it the next moment, it takes time and work to learn to use
a skill like that. Harry had been nervous and wary of all the people, making his spells more
wonky than general. But there was progress. He learned that it became actually easier the
more patrons there were, their presences seemingly ‘pinging’ on Harry’s magical radar much
clearer than if he had tried to see them with his eyes alone. It let him hope that with a bit
more training he would be able to do his job even with his eyes closed.
Still, when the pub started to clear out in the early hours of the morning, Harry was
completely shattered. His feet were killing him, his arms and back aching, and he was aware

of muscles he hadn’t even known existed. And that was after having trained for Quidditch
with Oliver Wood! Seriously, if all waiting jobs were like this, the personnel didn’t receive
nearly enough recognition/acknowledgment/appreciation.
All of the above, really.
Rightening chairs as Wanlockhead hauled some stragglers out the doors, Harry looked around
the room. The patrons had been riotous and he was sure if it wasn’t for magic and its ability
to repair stuff, this bar would have been bankrupt long ago trying to replace all the broken
glasses and furniture. As it was, Harry himself had sent enough glasses and tumblers flying
that he would have probably been paying with his monthly salary had this been a muggle
pub. With a sigh he straightened the last chair, re-attaching a lost leg as he did so. He was
exhausted and as suddenly the hearty smell of stew reached his nose, he realised how
famished he was as well. Used to little food or not, a growing boy working hard for hours
doesn’t survive on a few pieces of fruit. Looking over to the counter, he found his boss
Fergus Wanlockhead setting down a bowl of what had to be the best smelling stew Harry had
ever come across. Black eyes caught his.
“This is a bar not an Inn,” Wanlockhead told him in his abrupt manner, setting down a glass
of water and a steaming mug of butterbeer as well. But contrary to that statement the next
words out of his mouth were: “Now sit and eat. You’ll be going for groceries in a few hours.”
(*)

Chapter End Notes

(*) Ruaidhrí: Means ‘red king’ from Irish ruaidh = red (red-haired, brown), combined
with rí = king …though I’m definitely no expert.
(*) Sanguini. Yes, he shouldn’t make an appearance until HPatHBP, which would be the
upcoming school year here, but… the scene does underline Harry’s paranoia quite
helpfully, doesn’t it?
(*) Even though Harry calls Bandy-Legs mostly a pub, it really is a bar. Meaning
food isn’t exactly part of the menu, maybe there are some appetizers, but that’s it. You
could probably call it a bar with pub feeling…?

Chapter 7: Exploring
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

July 14th 1996
Harry woke up around ten in the morning disoriented and disgustingly smelly with his sweatsoaked shirt clinging to his form. The transfiguration had lost its shape sometime during the
night, the ruffled blouse now gone.
Blouse.
Ruffles.
So surreal. He would have preferred sleeping in nothing but his pants, but had been too afraid
Wanlockhead might come in to wake him again. Harry wasn’t about to risk being caught
without at least a shirt on… Blinking confusedly at the ceiling, trying to ignore the humid
heat drifting in through the open window, he cast a tempus charm. It was Sunday, July 14th,
and he was not at Privet Drive. A grin made its way onto Harry’s face. He had really done
this, it hadn’t been a dream!
Shifting, he grimaced at the sticky feeling of his clothes. Right. He needed a shower and he
should probably ask his boss where he could do his laundry. Or would he be expected to find
a launderette? Did they even have those in the Wizarding World? There was still some small
change in his mokeskin pouch, but he really hoped he wouldn’t need to spend it on cleaning
his clothes. He would though, if he had to, cleaning and freshening spells could only do so
much. (*)
Sitting up and stretching, he winced at his sore muscles. His back was alright now, but his
feet felt somewhat swollen. Nothing he wasn’t used to, though. At least he had been too
exhausted for nightmares when he had finally been allowed to go to bed. Harry stood and
stripped the bedding down, getting busy right away. Gathering up his second pair of pants
and his jumper, he noticed the jeans skirt from the day before had re-grown a leg overnight.
He poked his head out of his room. The hall was empty, but he could hear some clattering of
what sounded like pots and pans from the room across from his. Probably the kitchen.
He set a ward again when he closed the bathroom door, wrinkling his nose at the state the
place was in. It was quite obvious Wanlockhead had already been through here, there was
soapy water gathering on the tiled floor near the shower and shaved off stubble lying in the
sink. The toilet was positively reeking when Harry went near it.
“He’s been alone ever since he moved in here ten years ago,” commented the mirror, making
Harry jump only marginally this time around. “Ah but you know, darling, my lonesome self
has been here waaay longer,” it lamented.

Harry made a noncommittal sound in answer. Maybe he was just too used to the spotless state
Hogwarts’ house-elves left any and all bathrooms in (with the exception of Myrtle’s, that is)
or even Aunt Petunia’s bleach-heavy cleaning habits, but Harry frankly thought this place
disgusting.
Stepping into the shower and making once again use of the lonely bar of soap, he resolved to
spend the little money he had on some proper shampoo or the wizarding equivalent of it.
What did wizards use anyway? He had never really paid attention before. Maybe they just
filled shampoo stuff into glass containers considering he had never encountered any plastic
during his (depressingly one-dimensional) excursions into the Wizarding World. Either way,
his now long hair was a tangled mess and that was even with him keeping it plaited while he
slept. A drying charm later he strengthened the transfiguration on his jeans so the skirt was
once again complete, and tried his luck in changing his jumper into yet another blouse. No
way was he wearing the stockings in this heat even if he knew he would feel utterly naked
without them. His hair was getting on his nerves and the mirror commenting on his skill in
styling didn’t help matters. With a defeated groan Harry gave up to get some actual order into
the mass of wet curls and simply put it all up in a messy bun. He had seen Hermione do it
often enough. Honestly, he wanted his short hair back! Weren’t there spells to deal with crap
like this?
Harry banished the spilled water and the clippings in the sink, sent a Scourgify at the shower
and another at the toilet before he decided that magic alone wasn’t going to do the trick here.
Maybe he should ask his boss for cleaning supplies as well. Shaking his head at his train of
thought, he went looking for the man in question.
“You want that effortless windswept look, the air of adventure and sinful secrets?
Chimaera Hair Care is THE brand of the summer. Known to be endorsed by Harry
Potter himself, Chimaera has been rising through the rankings, making a mad dash for
the top.
The best is just enough for our Saviour!”
- The Daily Prophet
It was about fifteen minutes later that Harry closed the door to Bandy-Legs, suppressing a
groan at the onslaught of heat. The parlour had actually been pleasantly cool in contrast to the
upper floor, though the kitchen had a cooling cupboard that kept the whole room at an
acceptable temperature in the summer.
When Harry had entered the kitchen timidly, half expecting to be shooed back to his room
like he was all too used to from the Dursley’s, he had found Mr. Wanlockhead frying some
eggs. It was an oddly domestic scene for such a looming hulk of a person. A glass of
heavenly cool water had already been awaiting Harry at a small table, condensation reflecting
the bright sunlight that made it through the rather grimy window. Apparently though, the
eggs had been the last available food in the whole house, so his boss had sent Harry for
groceries right after breakfast. Even now, Harry was still a bit in awe about the fact a nearstranger trusted him enough to simply give him money and point him in the right direction.
What if Harry took the opportunity and ran? Not that he would, but he definitely had not

expected any measure of trust this early on. He hadn’t even given the man his last name (or
his real first name for that matter), for Merlin’s sake!
Walking down Knockturn Alley, for once very glad for the tall shadows of the ominous
buildings, Harry soon found himself much deeper in the dark district than he had ever been.
Granted, Harry had never really been here before apart from that little stint summer before
second year. Back then it had all seemed a lot scarier. There weren’t many people out and
about yet, most likely because of the rising midday sun, but the few he spotted looked a lot
less curious than those he had seen yesterday. Or maybe last night’s experiences had
desensitized him when it came to unusual appearances.
He had nearly reached the end of the crooked and shadowed street, passed a lot even shadier
looking small alleyways, and was closing in on what Wanlockhead had called Carkitt Market,
when he noticed one shop in particular. Wedged between two stores (an undertaker’s and
something unidentifiable) was a small painted door, a sign labelling it as Markus Scarrs
Indelible Tattoos. Had he really just found a wizarding tattoo parlour?
Biting his lip, Harry fought down the giddiness. He could get a tattoo before school started up
again! If that didn’t scream ultimate teenage rebellion, he didn’t know what did. Though, he
supposed he would have to wait until he actually received some pay and he had no idea how
much that would even be. That is, would he even be paid? Or was he getting lodgings in
exchange for helping out in the pub? No, Harry decided with a slightly forlorn sigh, there
were other more important things than a tattoo, no matter how cool that would have been.
Still, squinting around and spotting The White Wyvern (an actual pub, including lodging, not
a bar like Bandy-Legs), he committed the location to memory. One day he would come back
and get that tattoo. (*)
A few half-turns of the main road later the shadows suddenly seemed to recede.
Carkitt Market was nothing like Knockturn Alley, or even Diagon Alley. Arches made of
multi-coloured glass and half shrouded in ivy were framing the whole place. It was, as far as
he could tell, partly covered but the not-quite-ceiling charmed similar to Hogwarts’ Great
Hall. Although the illusion of the sky above was not as magnificent as that in the old castle,
the effect was still stunning. A huge fountain was giving off nice cool air, reflecting the
motley sunlight patterns caused by the arches. He could make out the tall marble building of
Gringott’s in the distance.
Well, at least he thought it was Gringott’s. It gave him an idea of his location, making him
realise the whole magical district was connected in one way or another. Which, really, only
made sense. The fancy looking street that led away from Carkitt and towards the bank was
signposted as Horizont Alley, Harry noted with a snort. If the names were any indication, he
now had a vague concept of the wizarding district’s build-up, diagonally, horizontally...
seriously? Anyway, Carkitt Market, a kind of plaza he supposed, was a bit more populated,
the people blobs looking less shifty than those in Knockturn and yet different to those in
Diagon. Though, he couldn’t really place the difference.
Harry took in the variety of storefronts and inviting looking cafés, trying to catch sight of the
grocer Wanlockhead had told him about. What he actually encountered were different stalls
and street vendors selling non-processed and processed foods... from slightly medieval

looking carts. Well, this was the Wizarding World. But contrary to how Diagon Alley had
always felt to him, this was all very… simple, he supposed. There didn’t seem to be much of
the infamous lack of logic any Muggleborn or Muggle-raised bemoaned on a regular basis
around. One cart was clearly dedicated to fresh fruit and vegetables, one small stall with
eggs… of various sizes and colours, milk, butter and cheeses, another for grains and all kinds
of foods made from those… It went from there. Harry wasn’t fazed. All things considered
this wasn’t completely different from the small farmer’s market near Magnolia Crescent he
used to be sent to by Aunt Petunia.
He scowled, remembering her harping about every last penny of change when he came back
from his errands. He wasn’t sure how Wanlockhead would handle it, he hadn’t exactly given
Harry clear direction on what to buy, only said to get what Harry liked (and wasn’t that
astonishing in and of itself) and to keep in mind that they would need to eat one warm meal a
day. The man wasn’t much for cooking apparently, couldn’t be bothered to do it more than
once a day, if at all. It was fine with Harry and if his boss allowed, he would have no problem
taking over the cooking as thanks for the man’s generosity.
Wandering between the stalls and carts, Harry watched in fascination as house-elves popped
in now and then, obviously sent by their owners. The small creatures moved through the
hustle and bustle with a lot more practice than Harry, not to mention they probably didn’t
have a sight issue. He rubbed at his eyes, trying to focus in on his magic to help him find
what all he was looking for. It wasn’t as easy out in the open as it was at Bandy-Legs, it
seemed.

The heat was starting to make him woozy by the time he decided he had enough groceries to
last them a while. It was interesting, and confusing, to note that food seemed more expensive
in the Wizarding World than he remembered it being in the Muggle World. Then again,
everything looked exceptionally fresh, the fruits, vegetables and even eggs were of sizes that
put the best ‘organic’ grown stuff from the grocer his aunt frequented to shame. He didn’t
think anything at the Woking Shopping Centre had looked so delicious either.
Still, he would have thought that with magic on their side food would be cheaper, at least the
non-processed stuff. Shrugging, he levitated the many paper bags with their inlaid cooling
charms (and wasn’t that just neat?) in front of him, very very glad he wouldn’t have to
actually carry them.
Blobs of familiar red.
Harry only saw them bounce through the crowd from the corner of his eye, but his reaction
was instantaneous. He would recognise that precise shade of red anywhere. Unsure which of
the Weasley’s had found their way to Carkitt Market, but not willing to risk being seen by
them either way, he launched himself and his purchases sideways between two stalls and
hopefully out of sight. The movement made not only his bags lurch but also his skirt fly up.
With a squeak (manly noise of surprise) he pushed the hem back down, praying no one had
seen it happening. Damn it, he had nearly forgotten about wearing a skirt! How utterly surreal
was that?

Breathing deeply, rightening his clothes as well as his purchases, Harry glanced back in the
direction he thought he had seen Weasley red. He couldn’t make out much, with some luck
they had just walked by.
He frowned slightly at his own thoughts and reactions. He loved that family, Ron was his best
mate, yet he felt the need to hide from them. Then again, if there ever was a family that could
be considered completely devoted to Dumbledore, it would have been the Weasley’s. And
Harry was not willing to risk being sent back to Little Whinging. He didn’t think they would
do it out of spite, no, knowing Mrs. Weasley she would just believe to do the right thing.
Even Ron, knowing as much as he did about Harry’s home life – no, former home life –
would cave and agree with the headmaster, because surely Dumbledore would know best.
With some luck Harry would be allowed to stay at the Burrow, but considering he had
wilfully gone against the headmaster’s instructions and was enjoying his new found freedom
very much, he wasn’t about to chance it.
Still, avoiding the people he cared for hurt something in his chest.
That reminded him, he needed to take a look at the Prophet to know what was going on
outside, if they had already noticed him missing, and probably to get general information on
the last Death Eaters on the run. Breathing more freely the moment he stepped back into the
eerie shadows of Knockturn Alley (and how curious was that?), Harry levitated his bags back
in the direction he had come from.
Eyes.
The familiar yet unloved feeling of eyes on him made him shiver despite the hot summer sun.
It was different from the kind of blatant stares he was used to getting as the Boy-Who-Lived
or maybe that should be the Boy-Who-Conquered, at least that seemed to be his newest
moniker. No comment there, they could at least have called him a man instead of a boy,
really. The eyes he felt following him now were different though, and it didn’t take him long
to retrace them back to some dodgy person blob lounging in a dark entrance way. Ugh. He
felt like crossing the street, but straightened his spine and marched on. It was another sort of
staring, the likes he had endured last night in the pub.
Someone catcalled after him when he passed that entrance, the unexpected action making
him stumble over his own feet in surprise. Speeding up without so much as a glance back, he
hurried on. He definitely wasn’t used to this kind of attention! Yep, Harry thought, definitely
more like the stares from yesterday.
The rest of his day, or at least his afternoon, went by in an oddly domestic way. Just as oddly
domestic as watching Wanlockhead fry eggs had been, but less tinged with anxiety.
Harry did his laundry after bringing back the groceries and handing everything, including his
change down to the last knut, to Fergus Wanlockhead. His boss hadn’t commented on the
money, but had dug with interest into the bags. Harry wasn’t sure if the foods he had chosen
met approval, but at least he wasn’t reprimanded.

Asking about laundry and maybe cleaning supplies was another matter altogether.
Wanlockhead looked at Harry as if he had grown a second head for a moment, but then just
shrugged and told him to use the sink in the bathroom if he needed to, or wait for the weekly
visit of a house-elf that apparently worked at something similar to a launderette. Harry wasn’t
sure what the correct term was, but the house-elf came around some of the houses in
Knockturn once a week, collecting laundry, and returning it cleaned and ironed in the
evening. He hadn’t known there were bookable services like that and he wondered who
earned the money for this particular one. After all, apart from Dobby he was sure most free
elves did not receive any kind of pay if they managed to get a job. Was there even such a
thing as free elves looking for jobs? So, did that mean the owner of the elf rented them out to
collect and do other peoples’ laundry and cashed in the money for it? Hermione would have a
field day with this!
Either way, it left Harry with his pile of bedding and soiled clothing standing in the tiny
bathroom. He had found a bottle of a magical cleaner variant beneath the sink, but it seemed
the stuff was only meant for surfaces not washing any kind of fabric. Right, so, he could use
the sink… or not. He had too many things that desperately needed a wash, he would use the
shower bath. But only after he cleaned it up a bit.
Harry soon found himself scrubbing the small tub, amazed once again by magic. It didn’t
take long at all, the grime just detaching itself the moment it came into contact with the
surface cleaner. He just had to rinse everything off and that was it. He took a bit more care
with the bedding and his clothes, taking his time to actually get the water to heat up and using
a heating charm when it wouldn’t really work. The bedding was first, he just soaked and
rinsed it through, it wasn’t like he had really dirtied the stuff. The thought had him blushing
for all of three seconds before the mirror behind him made some random comment or another
that brought his mind right back to the work at hand.
It was a bit depressing how few clothes he actually owned at the moment. Placing yet another
ward on the door, Harry stripped to get everything cleaned up at once. Well, apart from his
invisibility cloak that is. But honestly, it could have been worse. He had a decent enough shirt
that didn’t resist to being transfigured time and again, a more or less fitting pair of jeans,
socks (or maybe he should call that stockings since his magic seemed to have decided to
make this specific transfiguration permanent), a warm jumper and luckily two pairs of pants.
Though, why he had had the forethought of pocketing a fresh pair of pants, but hadn’t even
thought about where he would spend the night, was anyone’s guess.
A few well-placed drying charms later, adding in a mending charm for a fraying hem on his
jumper, Harry was done with laundry and his back really wanted a rest. Still, no matter how
much he had rinsed his meagre amount of clothing through, water alone could only do so
much. He hoped he wouldn’t have to rely on his freshening charms for much longer.
Back in his room he stopped in his tracks.
There was a black linen shirt lying carefully folded on his stripped-down bed. Placing
everything on his lonely chair, he went to investigate. Harry goggled a bit at the sheer size of
the long-sleeved shirt, it clearly belonged (had belonged?) to someone much bigger and taller
than him. He blushed once again when he realised Wanlockhead must have left it there.

That evening Harry transfigured his new shirt just enough to fit him around the shoulders and
make it look more like a dress, before donning his apron and getting to work. It was a Sunday
night so he didn’t exactly expect as many patrons as there had been the night before, but then
again, this was the magical world. What did he know about how things worked here anyway?

Chapter End Notes

There'll be a bit of a time jump between this chapter and the next. If you wish to see a
specific scene at Bandy-Legs, now would be the time to tell me :)
(*) moke: M.O.M. classification: XXX
“The moke is a silver-green lizard reaching up to ten inches (25,4 cm) in length and is
found throughout Britain and Ireland. It has the ability to shrink at will and has
consequently never been noticed by Muggles.” – Scamander, Newt: Fantastic Beasts and
where to find them
(*) Markus Scarrs Indelible Tattoos as well as The White Wyvern are places
mentioned in canon or at least in different wikias.

Chapter 8: Establishing
Chapter Notes

With a little wink at Aivy. <3
Warning note: Mild SA in this chapter.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Harley!” His boss’ voice boomed across the pub. “Get your bunny-butt over here!”
He didn’t even jump or startle at being referred to in such a way anymore, but efficiently and
swiftly made his way through the crowd to the counter of Bandy-Legs. No awkward stumbles
or running into tables any more, yep, he could navigate this place nearly too well now.
Over the course of the last two weeks (give or take a few days) he and Wanlockhead had
developed a routine that worked for them both. Harry had the mornings and afternoons free,
his work only starting shortly before the pub would open for the evening until they closed in
the small hours of the morning. He would sweep the floor (or rather enchanting the broom to
do it for him) and wipe down the tables while Wanlockhead stocked up the liquor. As soon as
the first patrons would appear, it would be Harry’s task to serve them if they didn’t sit
directly at the counter, which meant for the first hour or two he had never much to do. His
boss liked to use that time to show Harry how to mix different drinks with the patrons at the
counter chipping in sometimes. It was actually a lot of fun even if Harry was not allowed to
taste what he was mixing. Considering his eyes weren’t much of a help either, he had to do it
all by intuition.
By now his apron wasn’t just spelled short enough for him, but actually cut and trimmed to
fit him perfectly courtesy of the laundry house-elf. Or to just cover the skirt of the day, really.
Wearing skirts was still freaking him out sometimes, especially when he took a breather and
his mind caught up with this whole surreal situation. But Harry secretly enjoyed creating
different outfits to suit his needs each day. Transfiguration had never been so much fun either,
not that he would ever tell anybody.
Once a week Harry would go for groceries and on some days his boss liked to spend the night
at one of the tables, playing card games Harry had never heard of before (though he
suspected something like the wizarding equivalent to Poker), leaving most of the work to
Harry. The first time he did so, Harry had nearly had a meltdown trying to serve everyone at
once, his magic going haywire to work around his poor eyesight. To say he lived through a
lot of hackling was putting it mildly, but he soon learned not to take the comments to heart.
In fact, most of the patrons were actually very nice to him, apparently enjoying talking to
him, just telling Harry about their days or commenting about what was going on in the world.

Incidentally that also meant there was no need for him to receive the newspaper any longer
since he was sure to hear about everything going on in the Wizarding World just through
listening to the patrons of the pub. The Prophet owl didn’t seem to find him anymore anyway.
Not to mention that he got a more in-depth view on things as well this way, considering the
kind of people frequenting a place like Bandy-Legs weren’t exactly known for keeping to the
Ministry approved view of the Prophet. He had not learned so much about wizarding culture
in all the five years of his schooling!
Still, the work was hard, much more demanding than Harry had ever thought a job as a
waiter, or waitress apparently, to be. And that was not just because of his eyes. Labour wasn’t
so much the problem for him, either. A bigger issue had been adjusting to constantly being
around so many people and to being more active when it was dark out as that was the prime
time for the pub. In fact, most days Bandy-Legs was closed during the daylight hours and the
actual work for him wouldn’t start until after sundown. Even then it was generally doing
some last-minute cleaning and airing before the masses would descent. Harry was used to
hard work, but still his feet ached for the first few nights and his arms felt like lead as if he
had been carrying whole barrels instead of pints. Yet, being continuously around so many
people, being talked to (and at), being expected to interact, was exhausting in its own way.
So yes, work at the pub was a completely new experience for Harry – demanding but also oh
so very exciting. He was getting better at trusting his magic to lead him by the day and after
the first few nights felt secure enough in his disguise to relax somewhat. He even had a kind
of rhythm: Sleeping for around six hours hopefully undisturbed by nightmares, shower and
take the time to create a new girly outfit for the day, breakfast with Mr. Wanlockhead if he
was up and then Harry would go through his satchel, or rather his books.
First it had just started out with his summer assignments, but now that he didn’t have to hide
what he was doing from the Dursleys, Harry soon got annoyed with the lack of different
reference books. Only relying on the course books to write an essay just didn’t seem to cut it
anymore, and he felt slightly ashamed thinking about the lacklustre work he had done the
years prior (if he actually got to do his homework during the summer).
He had shaken that thought away rather viciously. It wasn’t really his fault, was it? With the
Dursleys breathing down his neck and sometimes going as far as keeping his school stuff
from him, there was no way he would be able to do well at those assignments. And again, the
lack of reference books. How did Hermione do it during the summer? He was pretty sure
they weren’t allowed to take books from the Hogwarts library with them when they left the
school and …oh right. Hermione could simply go to Diagon Alley and get the books she
needed. She didn’t even live that far away. Harry had never been able to do that. Okay, so,
maybe he hadn’t exactly tried to be all that studious either, but the fact remained that he
didn’t have a chance to in the first place.
After doing drafts for all his assignments and deciding that he would need too much
reference material to make all this work actually worthwhile, Harry took the time to do
something he had never really cared about before: He sorted the books he had brought with
him into Hogwarts years and started re-reading.

First he did it just to see if there were mentions of books he could use as reference for his
assignments, but it didn’t take him long to realise how much he had missed during his
previous schooling: Little everyday charms, but also very fascinating spells the further he
advanced in years. Frankly, it was a bit daunting. Harry had never really taken the time to
read the complete books, apart from Defence obviously, only what he would need to
complete his homework.
Shortly thereafter he started compiling notes. He had to borrow parchment and quill from
Wanlockhead and the loose papers were kinda annoying, but he couldn’t help it! There was
so much he had missed! He started sorting his notes after classes, Transfigurations, Charms,
etc. but ended up rewriting them and compiling them into piles of ‘unimportant’, ‘vaguely
interesting’, ‘could strike his fancy at some point’ and ‘Godric’s sock draw how could he
miss THAT?!’.
Even if all the reading left his eyes feeling sore from the constant squinting.
Around lunch time he would check on his boss. If they felt like it, Harry would cook
something nice and filling for them. If not, he would still put something together but leave it
under a preservation charm, another of those useful spells he had apparently missed so far,
for later that night. Then it was readying the parlour for the customers and learning more
about liquors and anything bar-related, really. He picked up a lot about accounting that way
too. It wasn’t long before Wanlockhead let him handle the money on his own to Harry’s
complete astonishment. He had never been trusted with money before – barring his trust
fund, obviously. And even there they had kept his key from him until he had been what?
Thirteen?
Living with and working for Fergus Wanlockhead turned out to be the best summer Harry
could remember ever having and that included those he mostly spent at the Weasley’s. There
was just a huge difference to be so completely free in his decisions, no one telling him what
he should or should not do and no one restricting his movements outside of work hours
either. Although he hadn’t yet truly taken advantage of the latter, he was planning to do so
soon. It was also interesting to see a new side of the Wizarding World, especially as that new
side wasn’t compromised by peoples’ reactions and changes in behaviour the moment they
recognised him.
Anonymity was bliss to Harry.
Most patrons seemed delighted to find a ‘female presence’ at the bar. Harry had been
mortified the first few times the scraggly beard from his first night, Ruaidhrí MacGraith,
started flirting with him, but soon learned that it was apparently all in good fun and not meant
to lead to anything. Not that that realisation made Harry any less embarrassed. Not to
mention he felt mildly uncomfortable with the thought that he was basically deceiving them
all, even if their flirting was in general harmless. Sometimes they would even behave
courteous in a way Harry was sure they would never do if they knew he was actually a boy.
Well, then again, he had lost count of how often he had heard comments on how he wasn’t as
bandy-legged as the pub’s name suggested, complete with lecherous head craning to get a
look up his skirt. He could honestly say he had never been this fast with stinging hexes, and
some of the twins’ less compromising prank-charms, before.

Sometimes, though, there were the really nasty ones and Harry had had his very first run-in
with one of those patrons on his fourth night…

It had been late already, or rather the very early hours of the morning, and Bandy-Legs had
been once more completely packed. Harry knew it wouldn’t be long now before his boss
would start kicking people out, his tether only ever was so long, really, but for some reason it
didn’t seem to have any impact on the pub’s popularity. Harry had been tired that day, well,
he had been tired the whole week, still trying to get used to his changed circumstances and
the new work. Everything was still exciting and he wasn’t yet completely self-assured when
it came to his disguise as a girl. Honestly, he wasn’t sure if he ever would be.
Making his way through the crowd, by now much better at letting his magic lead the way,
Harry managed successfully to serve a full tray of drinks at a corner table, eliciting happy
shouts and thanks from the group. And damn if that didn’t make him unreasonably proud. He
was caught up in the good mood of the night, everything was looking up, he was really
getting the hang of thingsThe hand closed around his wrist from somewhere in the crowd, impossible for Harry to see
it coming. He only realised what was going on when he found himself yanked side-ways,
landing on someone’s lap in a half-sprawl. The strong stench of unwashed skin and some
kind of liquor invaded his senses a second before rough hands were groping at his legs,
wandering up from his stocking-clad knees under his skirt. He didn’t wait to see where they
would be going from there.
“Hands off,” he snarled lowly, ready wand tip pressed underneath the man’s chin even as he
managed to struggle upright. “Now.”
The hands, one only inches away from his pants’ front, the other already firmly groping at his
arse, stilled, and Harry got his first good look at his assailant. He wasn’t anyone Harry
recognised, neither from the previous nights nor from any time before. For all intents and
purposes he had never seen this guy before yet that bastard didn’t look the least bit ashamed
for manhandling and assaulting Harry in such an intimate way. He pressed his wand just that
tiny little bit deeper into the bastard’s sweaty skin.
“Don’t be like that, pretty,” the man leered, his breath smelling foul with some strong stuff
Harry couldn’t identify. “It comes with the job, doesn’t it? It’s basically your duty to keep the
guests entertained.” A thumb started stroking the inside of Harry’s thigh, making him jump
slightly, but the hands held him in place. “See? You like that, pretty thing. Come now, spread
them legs a little for-”
And that was the moment in which Harry momentarily forgot that he was a wizard and very
much capable of defensive magic. Leaning back, staring into slightly bleary eyes, Harry
brought his head down against the man’s nose in one swift motion. There was a shout and a
satisfying crunching sound before Harry pushed back abruptly, making the man topple over
in his chair. He landed heavily in a heap on the floor.
“Do. Not. Touch. Me.”

Harry hissed at the heap, nearly slipping into Parseltongue. His sight was even more blurry
now than before and his head was pounding horribly from the impact, but his eyes were
glowing eerily in his anger. Unbeknownst to him it made everyone around take a collective
step back. The man was holding his nose, cursing, trying and failing to get back up.
Harry had him at wandpoint a second later, the adrenaline still rushing through him. He
wasn’t sure what he was about to do, he was freaked out and yet too wired to really process
what had just happened. He wanted to curse that bastard to Hogwarts and back, he should…
A hand clamping down on the bastard’s neck and hauling him up roughly interrupted Harry’s
glaring, and he watched dazedly as his boss dragged the guy towards the door. By now he
was loudly protesting, throwing vicious slurs back at Harry in the process, but Fergus
Wanlockhead wasn’t fazed. He quite literally threw the former patron of his pub out the door
and Harry felt the wards shift and snap, banning a certain presence from the grounds.
Only then did Harry allow his wand arm to falter slightly.
His breath hitched. This was not supposed to happen. Bandy-Legs was his safe haven, inside
the pub Harry felt in control. He knew what was expected of him, knew what to do and how
to get around. He had all the power, the only person he ever needed to answer to his boss. But
this… This was different. He had never had to deal with this kind of situation, wasn’t sure
how to dealA gentle hand on his shoulder had him jumping, eyes wide in fright. Whirling around, ready
to defend himself (though, this time with magic), he came face to face with Ruaidhrí. It took
Harry a moment to recognise the man with the scraggly beard and to realise he was still
standing in the parlour of Bandy-Legs… with basically the whole pub watching him.
Harry felt his breathing speeding up as the situation caught up with him. Someone had
molested him, had touched him in a way no one else had ever before, and had gotten
dangerously close to noticing the truth about ‘Harley’. He was starting to tremble, his hand
cold and cramped around his wand. This was all kinds of different to any of his adventures,
not even facing Voldemort had scared him like this. Back then he had always known what to
do – fight, survive - even what to expect – pain and the typical villain-esque monologuing but this… this was not a situation Harry was at all familiar with.
“You did well, mo nighean mhaiseach,” Ruaidhrí said soothingly. “You showed him.” (*)
Harry let himself be led back behind the counter, the pub still ominously silent as eyes
followed them. Not that Harry really noticed; he was too occupied trying to breathe evenly.
“I… I…,” he stuttered shakily, not sure what exactly it was he wanted to say.
“Alright, everyone, get your gobs closed or get outta here,” Wanlockhead’s voice suddenly
resonated through the room and just like that the tension seemed to clear up, people started
talking amongst themselves again and stopped staring at Harry. Or at least they pretended to.
A glass was pressed into his hand and he found himself sitting in a chair that had not been
behind the counter before. Ruaidhrí was hovering in front of him, looking concerned and

unsure, but it was the broad figure of his boss that had Harry snapping back to attention.
“Ruaidh is right, bunny,” he declared gruffly, blocking Harry mostly from view of the rest of
the pub, “That dickhead had it comin’ and you made it clear to all here you’re not some
pushover. They’ll think twice before tryin’ somethin’ again.”
Harry managed a shaky smile, mentally pulling himself together. He honestly just wanted a
shower now, the memory of those hands on him making his skin itch. It was all
psychological, he knew, but the knowledge didn’t change his desire to wash the whole
encounter off of himself.
“You up for another hour or you wanna call it a night?” Wanlockhead questioned softly after
a moment, glaring a customer into submission who had been getting impatient with an order.
“I’m fine,” Harry replied instantly, shaking himself a little and focusing on his boss. “It’s
okay, I can go another hour.”
He was once again given the by now somewhat familiar scrutiny of too dark eyes, before
Wanlockhead shrugged and sent him off to the tables in the far back.

That night Harry had also made the first of his new friends and now he could look back on
more than a whole week without any negative instances. He hadn’t even crashed a glass for
three nights in a row now!
Shaking the memories off, he once again made his way into the darkest corner of the whole
pub, just like that night after the incident, and towards the lone person lounging against the
wall there. Treasach was as silent as always, but Harry could feel the man’s magic wrap
around him in gentle greeting. (*)
The first time this had happened Harry hadn’t known what it meant, didn’t understand the
significance of such an action. Now it made him smile, his own magic reaching out in return.
With Treasach words were very rarely needed as his species was generally not of the talkative
sort… at least not the kind of talk that happened verbally. But since only few wizards and
creatures were capable of communication through their magic, it left people like Treasach
quite lonely. Not that Harry had known all this when he first was sent to approach the guest
hiding out in the darkest corner of the pub. The man sure made an intimidating picture with
his height and, well… his scales.
He was a Donas. The Donas, Harry knew from one of his more in-depth Defence books, were
a species originally native to Ireland and none had supposedly been seen in Britain ever since
the first war against Voldemort. The rising prejudice had driven the few remaining off so
much that nowadays no one could even estimate how many of them were left. They had
always been a secluded species, but after they left the UK, British wizardkind had completely
lost track of them. Which, Harry supposed, had been the intention behind the whole
disappearing act. The only other thing he could remember reading about the Donas was that
they were related to the Drackens, though leaning more towards serpents than dragons in

their genetic makeup and most of them also lacking the wings. It had said something about a
genus, but Harry’s knowledge of biology was sadly quite limited. (*)
“Hey,” Harry smiled up at the man he by now thought of as a friend, “The usual?”
Treasach was, like most males around, taller than Harry and knowing what he did, the bluegreen scale patterns along his cheekbones and down his neck no longer unsettled Harry. To
say he was very glad Treasach had no resemblance to Voldemort’s resurrected form despite
the likeness to snakes was putting it lightly. In fact, he had been tempted to ask why it was
that the serpent-like genes only showed in the odd scale patterns and the slitted eyes, but
didn’t want to be rude. He wouldn’t ask a wizard why their nose was huge (cough, Snape,
cough) so why should it be okay to ask about any of Treasach’s characteristics?
“You’re nervous again,” the man stated, looking at Harry evenly.
“What? No, no it’s… it’s alright, I-,” Harry babbled a moment before shutting his mouth as
he caught sight of the raised eyebrows, well, eyescales. With a huff, he asked: “How’d you
know?”
“The way you look over your shoulder and touch your arm with your right hand,” Treasach
explained in his typically quiet tone to his rarely used voice, “I remember you doing that on
those first few nights and then again the whole night after you established yourself a
reputation.”
Harry glared a bit at the peculiar description of his unsavoury encounter, but conceded the
point. He had been particularly on edge the 24 hours after the assault, keeping his wand even
closer than before. This time, though, it had nothing to do with icky pub patrons.
“It’s fine, really,” he insisted, feeling guilty to dismiss his friend’s concern like that.
But it wasn’t like Harry could tell him what was making him antsy once again. As far as he
could tell there still was nothing in the Prophet about him missing and he hadn’t heard any
rumours either, so they were keeping it quiet. That is, if they knew.
The Dursleys would have noticed by now, at the very least Petunia would have checked on
him to make sure he wasn’t stinking up her house because of his lack of shower use. Or to
make sure he hadn’t silently passed; he heard decaying corpses weren’t exactly all mint and
roses either. And weren’t his thoughts cheery today? Anyway, if the Weasleys, Dumbledore,
the Order and the whole crew knew Harry Potter was missing, they had kept mum about it.
The newspapers were still speculating about his summer adventures, apparently now he was
visiting some sandy beach and flirting with bikini beauties. So, everything fine on that front.
But it also meant they were more than likely looking for him. Treasach’s magic nudging his
gently had Harry looking up again.
“You are not on your own anymore,” the man said quite apropos of nothing, but it left Harry
feeling warm inside. “And yes to the usual,” he added just as the door banged open and in
came a certain group of werewolves.
“Harleybunny!” One crowed, waving enthusiastically over the other patrons’ heads.
“Firewhiskey over here, pretty please-with-chocolate-frog-on-top?”

Some suggestive whistling went up throughout the crowd at his words, making Treasach hiss
at the noise. Harry just chuckled. Things were really looking up for him, he surmised. These
people, even if they couldn’t know who he truly was, liked him well enough without any
knowledge of fame or money or whatever. Not that he thought his other friends liked him
only for that, but… It soothed the hollowness and doubts the Horcrux had left behind.
The only thing really getting to him was the fact he hadn’t been able to visit Sirius in the
hospital yet. But he was planning on changing that soon.

Chapter End Notes

(*) “mo nighean mhaiseach”: Gaelic for “my pretty/beautiful girl”
(*) Treasach: Irish Gaelic, means something along the lines of warlike or fighter
(*) The Donas (donas: Gaelic for demon or devil) are a magical species I randomly
created for this story. As of yet I haven’t much specified about them, but maybe I’m
going to use the idea for my next creature!Harry story. Btw, not all snake eyes are
slitted, but logically the Donas would have differences in appearances just like us boring
humans.

Chapter 9: Aching
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

1st August 1996
Harry,
I know, you said not to send Hedwig back to you, but if I hadn’t, one of the adults would
have used her to find you. And if I know my best mate at all, that’s exactly what you’re
trying to avoid.
But bloody hell, mate, everyone’s falling over themselves trying to find you. Mum gave
Dumbledore a chewing out like you wouldn’t believe when he summoned the Order and
told us you were missing. She actually shouted! At Dumbledore! And I’m an official
member now, apparently. Better late than never, right?
Hermione’s staying over again and let me tell you, she’s not impressed with you at the
moment. Said something about teaspoons again. Barmy, that one. I think she takes it
personally that you didn’t tell her of your vanishing act beforehand, but you didn’t
actually plan at all, did you? Anyway, it’s the mother of all pranks according to the
twins, but the adults all think you’ve been hero-napped or something.
I know, I shouldn’t ask you where you are and it’s probably safer if you don’t answer me
(everyone’s looking for Hedwig too!), but I hope you’re alright. Wherever you’re at, you
might want to contact Remus. He’s going round the bend, I tell you. Last night was the
full moon and I got a glimpse of him this morning. He looks like crap warmed over and
trampled on a few times by Buckbeak. (*)
Sorry I didn’t send you anything for your birthday, didn’t want to chance it.
See you soon!
Ron
P.S. Did your OWL results find you? Mum’s acting all proud over mine, but she would
be proud of anything after what the twins pulled last year.

Harry looked up from the parchment to where Hedwig was preening her feathers on his
windowsill. She had woken him up early this morning, maybe three or four hours after
Bandy-Legs had closed, meaning she must have been travelling at night, which… was good.
“Are you sure no one followed you?” His question was answered with a very indignant bark.
“Okay, just making sure. I really missed you,” Harry sighed, rubbing tiredly at his eyes. A

second later a white ball of fluff landed on his shoulder and he could feel his beloved owl’s
beak running through his tangled mess of hair. “I know, it looks bad,” he chuckled with a
wince as she tugged at a knot.
He would need to venture into the Muggle World soon unless someone enlightened him as to
where wizards and witches bought their care products. He hadn’t found any at Carkitt Market
so he was still stuck with using the soap. His hair was not happy. His wardrobe as well
needed help; he couldn’t go on transfiguring stuff forever, not to mention the fabric of his
lonely shirt was starting to give in. If it was too worn out, the transfiguration would hold less
and less. He was already pushing his luck, risking a transfiguration failure during work hours.
Glancing back down at the letter, Harry was glad he had apparently underestimated his best
mate. He really shouldn’t be so surprised, he thought with a frown. After fourth year Ron had
grown up a lot. Sure, he still lacked the understanding when it came to Harry’s confusion
with wizarding traditions and simply stuff Ron had grown up with. He just couldn’t seem to
imagine that someone would not know these things – to him they had always been that way,
it was just how things were done. But more important to Harry was that Ron seemed to have
lost most of his jealousy at this point. It may or may not be because he had realised that
Harry’s home situation wasn’t what everyone imagined their ‘hero’ to live like. Or maybe he
had finally witnessed enough near-death experiences. Whatever the case, Harry wasn’t sure
and he wasn’t about to ask. Neither option was something he wanted to think about and to be
quite honest, part of him might always anxiously wait for the day Ron would revert back to
fourth-year-behaviour – especially with the whole ‘Saviour’ stuff these days.
Speaking of wizarding traditions: Today was 1st August, a Thursday, and because there would
be a little festival down at Carkitt Market tonight, the bar was closed for the day. Apparently
it was Lughnasadh, a Celtic holiday Harry had never heard of before even though the
muggles, or Christianity he supposed, had apparently also adopted parts of it. He hadn’t even
known the Wizarding World had its own holidays apart from those he was used to from
school and those had been the same as in the Muggle World. Christian, now that he thought
about it, and considering Uncle Vernon’s grousing about the sin of witches every other
Sunday, Harry thought that just didn’t add up. As far as he knew anyway. Apart from
Muggleborns, he didn’t think it would make sense for witches and wizards to be Christian or
belong to any similar kind of religion that spoke out against ‘witchcraft’.
Thinking about it, Harry had realised some other aspects like the little detail that he had been
sent for groceries on a Sunday more than once. It made him realise wizards at large didn’t
belong to any religion that called for rest on Sundays, the weekend, or any specific day in
general the way he was used to from the Muggle World. At the time he hadn’t really thought
about it, but wizarding shops just didn’t seem to care what day it was. Some would close up
on Sundays, some would not, and Harry got the impression it depended more on the
customers than any perceived notions of religion. He had speculated in passing that religion
as a whole might simply not be a wizarding thing, but then Lughnasadh had come around. (*)
Confused as a nose-less niffler he had gone and asked Treasach about it. If there was a
wizarding religion with own holidays, he wondered why they did not celebrate them at
Hogwarts? Their class schedules were certainly modelled after the muggle system of week
days and weekends, but then again, that could have a completely different reasoning. Or

maybe it was the other way around and the muggle system was fashioned after the wizarding
one and- …It was confusing.
When Hedwig fluttered back to the windowsill, Harry let himself fall back onto his sheets
and stretched. His back popped unpleasantly.
Sure enough Treasach had sat him down and told him a few things about wizarding beliefs
without much fuss. They did not call it a religion per se, but it really was similar to the Celtic,
or sometimes Pagan, beliefs Harry had vaguely heard of in the Muggle World (though he had
the suspicion that it had once again been in a movie of Dudley’s). Apparently it was all about
the annual cycle, the cycle of life and death, and was largely based on the changing seasons,
the movements of the sun and the phases of the moon. It did explain parts of their Astronomy
lessons and Harry wondered if this context was just more of the stuff he had missed in his
previous years.
Although the Dursleys had been all for the presents and food part of Christmas and thought
themselves deserving of each and every holiday they got, there had never been much of a
truly religious background of any kind in that household. They did go to church when it was
absolutely ‘required’ to keep the neighbours from talking, but as a whole Harry felt like they
chose to only hold up those parts of Christian beliefs that suited them best. Cue their opinion
on witchcraft, and there certainly had never been much along the lines of charity and
altruism. In the end their lack of deeply ingrained beliefs worked in Harry’s favour.
Somewhat. At least he didn’t have to deal with the dichotomy that could develop if one grew
up believing in certain things and then BAM there was the Wizarding World and magic.
Yeah, he could see where that might clash.
Treasach gave him an overview of the eight main holidays wizards celebrated traditionally,
promising to go into more detail each time one of those approached.
Lughnasadh, the one the festival today was in honour of, was apparently a celebration of
achievement. While in the Muggle World this mostly translated into the first harvest of crops
that was ‘achieved’, the wizarding side was more focussed on personal and magical growth.
One was to honour one’s own accomplishments during the circle of the eight holidays so far,
which to Harry translated into reflecting upon the year up to that point. It also involved
thankfulness and the sacrifice of some stuff. That part had freaked him out a moment before
Treasach told him in quite certain terms to get his pixies together, that just because a
celebration included a sacrifice of sorts it did not necessarily mean anything nefarious. Or
Dark for that matter.
In general wizarding holidays seemed to focus on connecting to one’s magic and Harry kind
of liked the idea; all thanks went to Mother Magic, though there were other gods and
goddesses that some wizards preferred to include in their sacrifices. Today specifically would
focus on Lugh, a god of light and fire. Harry’s friend had warned him not to interrupt should
he witness invocations of the gods through music, chants, and games at the festival. (*)
With a sigh Harry heaved himself out of bed, still bone tired, but too wired now to go back to
sleep. Knowing that everyone was looking for him left him on edge. He had turned 16 last
night, for once not alone, but also very much unaware of the passing time since he had still

been working down in the parlour at midnight. Another first since he started at Hogwarts was
the lack of owls bearing presents.
He hadn’t expected it, not after the owls of the Daily Prophet stopped reaching him even
though he had not cancelled his subscription. The first time that happened he had wondered if
they were back to defaming him and were afraid of sending ‘the Saviour’ a paper that was
dragging his name through the mud. As if all the rumoured flings were any better. But
listening to the patrons at the bar had soon cleared those worries up, they were still
speculating about his summer adventures and wondering about his apparently great magical
strength. (And wasn’t it plain weird to have people talk about you while you were refilling
the glasses of their late-night pick-me-up?)
So the wards at Bandy-Legs either included mail-wards or his assuming of the alias ‘Harley’
meant he couldn’t be found under the name of ‘Harry Potter’ any longer. Could it really be
this simple, though? The latter certainly would explain why no one had come knocking, if
Ron was right and the Order was looking for him. It would explain why only Hedwig found
him and why the Ordner tried to use his owl specifically in the first place. There had been no
rumours of the Wizarding World’s hero missing either.
Eying his crinkled shirt in distaste, Harry turned his attention to his sneakers instead. Apart
from the stuff Wanlockhead had gifted him and of course his invisibility cloak, they were the
least worn-out part of his wardrobe at the moment. And that was saying a lot seeing as they
had once belonged to Dudley. He had recently progressed to transfiguring shoes, so today he
was going to try and gift himself some sandals. The heat definitely called for it.
Just yesterday his boss had donated an old shirt again, or rather it had once again
anonymously found its way into Harry’s room. The shirt was patterned in some tartan this
time around and had it been less humidly hot outside, Harry would have adored burrowing
into the soft fabric.
Conjuring a mirror similar to the one in the bathroom (just without the ominous talking
feature), he pulled the shirt over his pants, wondering what he was going to make out of it.
On the one hand he really needed another top, but his jeans weren’t taking all that well to
transfiguration either anymore. Then there was the fact he could already imagine wearing a
skirt with the nice tartan pattern… Yeah, he really did just think that. Shaking his head at
himself, Harry couldn’t help the small smile as he transfigured the shirt into the skirt he had
imagined. It was much lighter than the one he tended to make from his jeans, very welcome
in the current weather. That he combined with the black linen shirt he had only shrunk to fit
him when he found it on his bed that first morning, but frowned at the image he made. It was
too dark looking for the cheery sunshine outside, even if the heat was feeling slightly
oppressive. Rolling up the sleeves to his elbows, Harry ran his wand along his sides from his
ribcage down to the hem, imagining lace instead of the dense fabric. He wasn’t sure if it
would work considering he couldn’t base it much on any specific spell he knew, but then
transfiguration often depended more on will and intent than spellwork.
Looking up at the mirror again, the colour theme was still wrong, but it did look a lot airier.
Lighter. He could even feel a slight breeze caress along the skin of his waist where the shirt
was made up of lace now. Cocking his head, Harry decided he liked the look of it.

Tantalizing, flirty even, but not revealing enough that he would consider it tacky. And more
importantly: The lace drew attention away from where a girl would have certain curves Harry
lacked. He was just wondering if he should try and change the colour of the black shirt when
his stomach growled demandingly. Well, it was still early, but now that he didn’t have to deny
himself food, Harry liked to simply indulge himself whenever he felt like it.
The flat was silent, not surprising too, his boss had had one of his ‘poker’ nights yesterday.
He tended to drink a lot during those nights and was likely to sleep in until midday minimum.
Thinking about Wanlockhead and yesterday’s shenanigans had Harry grin. The man was a
funny drunk. Where some of the customers of the bar tended to become more vulgar and
sometimes even aggressive when drunk, Fergus Wanlockhead was all about talking. It was a
massive contrast to his normal behaviour and it wasn’t even general talking either. No, his
boss would start talking about the weirdest things when drunk, reminding Harry more often
than not of Luna, which was hilarious in itself considering the drastic difference in those
two’s appearances. Where Luna was all small, delicate, and pale like the moon she was
named after, Wanlockhead was huge, broad, and had a head full of dark brown curls.
Standing in the plain kitchen, scrambling eggs for an omelette with one hand, Harry rooted
through the cooling cupboard for the bacon. He wanted to dice it and add in some tomatoes
and onion, maybe even fresh chives if they still had any. The thought made his stomach
growl some more in anticipation. He would make the same for his boss plus some toast and
extra bacon and leave it under a stasis spell. Being able to use magic so casually definitely
had its perks.
Leaning against the window frame as he ate his breakfast, Harry watched what he could
make out of the still deserted streets outside. Knockturn Alley felt so familiar now, he
couldn’t fathom why he had been so scared back when he had been twelve. Then again, he
hadn’t been to any of the shops around here again, and definitely not to Borgin and Burkes.
Maybe the folk coming to Bandy-Legs was just different?
With a shrug Harry’s thoughts drifted to his plans for the day. He wanted to go see the
festival later tonight, but until then he had a lot of time to himself. It was the opportunity he
had been waiting for, he had delayed visiting Sirius long enough. So, since he couldn’t risk
being seen as Harry Potter anywhere, he would put special care into his disguise for the day.
His hair would need some more attention anyway. With his magic now constantly helping
compensate for his lacking eyesight, he hoped he would be able to sneak into St. Mungo’s as
Harley and avoid running into anyone that might recognise him.
He sighed as his thoughts inevitably wandered from Sirius to Remus. He felt guilty for
having lost track of the full moon, but the fact of the matter was that he had deliberately kept
himself busy. There were a lot of things he did not feel ready to think about. But Remus
certainly wasn’t one of them and with a little bit of math Harry concluded the next full moon
would be on 28th August. Well, he couldn’t go see Remus as Harley, but he could at least
make sure the man got to see his mate. (*)
Stumble. Ash in his mouth. Cough. Exiting the floo with as much grace as he could muster,
Harry only very narrowly avoided falling flat on his face.

The entrance hall of St. Mungo's Hospital for Magical Maladies and Injuries was busy, but
not nearly as crowded as Harry for some reason had imagined it to be. Maybe it was just the
memory of coming here last Christmas – he really should start calling it winter solstice - after
the gruesome attack on Mr. Weasley that Harry had had a vision of. Back then the reception
area had been loud and filled with victims of the barmiest stuff… Through all the shock and
haze back then he still clearly remembered someone with an elephant’s trunk sticking out of
their chest. The healers in their lime-green robes, though, were the same as were their
clipboards that called another uncomfortable memory to the forefront of his mind. Umbridge
had liked to carry a similar clipboard in the beginning when she was still ‘assessing’ the
Hogwarts professors’ abilities last year.
Taking a deep breath, Harry stepped in line to be seen by the decidedly not very welcoming
Welcome Witch. The air smelled similar to that in the hospital wing at school, all professional
disinfectant, and something else that just seemed to scream ‘impersonal’, but at the same time
there were the scents coming from the waiting wizards and witches, the distinct smells of
people sitting in a waiting room during the height of summer. The sudden feeling of eyes on
him had Harry looking up, meeting the pale blue gaze of the blond receptionist.
“What?” She snapped the moment she had his attention. Harry was startled for a second, not
expecting outright hostility like that.
“Er,” he stammered, receiving mockingly raised eyebrows and an impatient hand motion,
“I’m looking for Sirius Black,” he finally managed to get out only to realise the very same
moment how utterly dumb it was to ask after an escaped convict, especially if no one was
officially supposed to know of Sirius’ stay here.
The gasp his words elicited did not bode well.
“W-why would you ask for… f-for him?” The witch stuttered, her complexion gone pasty
and her hostility replaced by plain fear. It was ridiculous. “We do NOT house escaped
convicts!” She screeched when Harry did not manage an immediate answer. “I don’t know
who you are, but I’m going to call the aurors right now!” She threatened, drawing her wand,
and pointing it tremulously at Harry while backing away.
Harry blinked slowly at her before turning on his heel and hurrying towards where he knew
the exit into the Muggle World to be. He could not afford any kind of attention and the way
people around him suddenly backed away like they had overheard the Welcome Witch’s
words was not looking good for him.
A second later he emerged out on the street. Glancing back for just a second at the redbricked, condemned department store called Purge and Dowse, Ltd, that hid the magical
hospital, Harry stumbled over his own feet.
The weird mannequin in the shop window was staring right at him.
He straightened and hurried on, not stopping until he was around the next corner. Pulling his
invisibility cloak from a hidden pocket to his newly transfigured skirt, Harry pressed himself
against the brick wall for a moment. Stupid, stupid, stupid! Blurting out the first thing on his
mind like he hadn’t gone so many rounds with Snape trying to trap him in a lie before!

That had gone well. So much for looking as harmless and innocent as possible to get through
the reception. He had even allowed his hair free today to model his looks more after Luna.
His odd friend always had that air of innocence that had people underestimating her. Didn’t
look like that worked for Harry all that great. Sure, he could have cancelled some of the
transfigurations, but… Okay, so maybe he was simply being difficult. Or maybe he was just
afraid. He didn’t want to risk being sent back to the Dursley’s the moment he made an
appearance as Harry Potter anywhere.
Well, at least the people in charge seemed to stick to his demands (as Harry Potter), keeping
the general personnel and the public unaware and away from Sirius. Right, so, he would try
that again, but this time not waste time on doing it the legal way.
Hidden under his trusted invisibility cloak, Harry made his way back into the hospital,
looking around the reception area until he found a board depicting the respective dedication
of the different floors. He hadn’t seen the room that was arranged to house the comatose
Sirius, but back then he had gotten an actual vow on the healer’s magic that they really would
use Harry’s money to care for his godfather in a secluded place hidden from public. Well, the
money that wouldn’t end up in the healer’s pocket anyway. He couldn’t be sure about any
loopholes in that oath, but it had been the best he was able to get with his limited knowledge
and funds.
Looking over the directions board, careful not to be run over by one of the now rather harried
looking healers in lime-green robes, Harry determined that he should probably go looking for
Sirius on the fourth floor. He shuddered slightly. Of course it had to be the very place
Neville’s parents were permanent residents at, or well, at least the same floor. He really
hoped they had not put Sirius into the Janus Thickey Ward, the Closed Ward. Though,
considering the Veil had been involved, his godfather very well could have been placed on
the ground floor that, next to reception, also addressed artefact accidents.
“Point me Sirius Black,” Harry whispered, watching his wand spin for a few moments on his
palm before the tip jumped up, pointing at the ceiling at an angle of about 45 degrees. “Right,
that solves that,” he muttered to himself, deftly stepping out of the way of two arriving
aurors.
Time for him to get a move on, obviously.
Sneaking up the stairs towards the fourth floor, Harry hoped his use of magic would be
hidden here as much as it was in Knockturn, but considering the sheer amount of magic he
could literally feel all around him, he didn’t worry too much. Finally, a few more Point-Me
spells later, a sign came into view, proclaiming the floor to be meant for treatment of spell
damage. Apparently they also addressed ‘unliftable jinxes, hexes, incorrectly-applied charms,
etc.’ here. Sounded promising to Harry.
The doors were warded, but since it was a visible ward he didn’t think it would be anything
malicious. And wouldn’t a harmful ward in a hospital kind of go against the Hippocratic
Oath? Wait. Did wizards have a version of the Hippocratic Oath? Frowning at his wandering
mind, Harry resolved to chance it.

Still, he had basically no knowledge of this branch of magic and he had been to the wizarding
hospital exactly once before. The realisation made his frown deepen as his thoughts once
again took an unexpected turn. Wasn’t that putting him at an incredible disadvantage, not
knowing anything about wards? He briefly wondered if it was an elective at Hogwarts and
made a mental note to look into it later. It couldn’t be right that one was to completely rely on
warding services, not everyone would have the money to afford those.
Making sure his cloak was securely in place, Harry braved the warded doors. At least this
was not where Neville’s parents stayed, a fact that calmed something inside him. He couldn’t
imagine Sirius, his vibrant godfather, in a place like that. The wards washed over him
harmlessly, leaving behind a somewhat clean feeling, prompting him to make sure his cloak
was still working. A medi-witch at a small circular counter looked up, blinking a few times
confusedly at the doors, but seemed to decide that whatever had alerted her had just been a
fluctuation of sorts. Harry breathed a sigh of relief.
One hand pressed against his rapidly beating heart, he started to move further into the room.
He was trying to keep his sandals from making sound on the floor as he crept passed the
counter and up to the first door.
Little handwritten signs on each door informed about the inhabitant(s) and their affliction(s),
so he hoped it would only be a matter of time until he found Sirius. Then again, it would be a
bit careless to label a room with the name of a person one wasn’t officially to know the
whereabouts of. In the end it was of course the very last room in the very back of the whole
ward. Great, he probably should have expected as much.
There was no sign, but Harry could feel the magic surrounding the closed door, his own
reaching out on instinct thanks to his conversations with Treasach. His eyes went wide when
he realised he was able to determine the kind of wards through this method, knowing well
enough that just a month prior he would not have been able to do as such. These wards were
designed to keep all but one other person out and the inhabitant in. He ground his teeth at
that, but had to concede the point. The healer he had bullied er… bribed convinced into
helping had only Harry’s word that Sirius really was wrongly accused. The man had to keep
the people in this hospital safe, just in case.
Frowning in concentration, Harry let his magic nudge and poke at the wards some more,
recognising one that felt like it was meant to make the door uninteresting, as in one wouldn’t
look twice at it unless one was specifically looking for it like Harry had done. Well, he had
no idea how warding was supposed to work, but to him it felt like… if he just asked the ward
nicely enough, he would be able to key himself in. Right. The healer probably wasn’t all that
well versed in warding. (*)

The room was very still. In fact, apart from Sirius’ breaths there was nothing to be heard in
the small space.
Harry had snuck in after ‘asking’ the ward to let him in and closed the door as silently as
possible behind him. There was no window here, something that had him frowning yet again,
but then this room didn’t seem to be one of the rooms normally in use for patients. Maybe it

used to be a storage space? Whatever, now there was a single bed and a table with some
papers and a few potion racks that Harry could only make out because there was a small
magical light hovering just above the desktop.
Sirius was deathly pale in the light of Harry’s silent Lumos, unmoving until a breath would
have his chest rise a tiny bit before it would deflate again. He was thin too, as if he had been
losing most of the weight he had managed to put on after his escape to Grimmauld Place.
Harry’s heart ached. Unconsciously he matched his breathing to that of his comatose
godfather, forcing himself to stay calm. Still, fine tremors made the light of his wand skitter
slightly as he slowly stepped closer.
The room was so small and cramped. He feared that when Sirius awoke he would feel closed
in and panic. The man certainly had no fond memories of being locked in and with no wand
that was exactly what he would be.
Locked in, imprisoned, entombed in the dark.
Without magic he wouldn’t be able to open the door and even if he somehow managed to get
out, he would be confronted with a hospital full of people that still believed him to be a mass
murderer. Just look at that witch’s reaction down at the reception.
“Hey,” Harry whispered as he reached his godfather’s bedside. His voice came out scratchy
and he had to swallow a few times before it would form more words. “I- …I’m sorry,” he
said, this time a little bit louder, “I’m so sorry, Sirius,” he said again, eyes prickling with
unshed tears.
This was his fault. If he hadn’t been so incredibly dumb, if he had just listened to Hermione
when she questioned the validity of the vision… If, always what if.
Reaching out, he gently touched the very tips of his trembling fingers to the back of Sirius’
bony hand, noting the magical drip that steadily fed a liquid into his godfather’s bloodstream.
Harry wanted to say more, tell the man about everything that had been going on, about his
new life at Bandy-Legs and the friends he had managed to make.
But a thought crossed his mind that had him looking the room over again: If the reaction to
his questioning about Sirius was anything to go by, the personnel was indeed not aware of the
man’s presence. Which was exactly how it should be. But that also meant no one would be
able to visit unless they somehow managed to sneak in like he had. Did this mean Remus had
not been able to visit his mate even once? He couldn’t remember if he had told his honorary
godfather the name of the healer he had bullied into helping Sirius. The healer had been
helping Madam Pomfrey in treating Harry, apparently she had called in reinforcements,
unsure on what exactly Harry had been suffering from. Not that they knew any more now and
he was definitely not about to enlighten anyone anytime soon about that.
But if Remus had not been here, then it was no wonder he was in such sad a condition that
even Ron would notice. And considering Harry had been alone when he bribed the healer…
no one had been here, no one had visited his godfather since the middle of June. Harry felt
sick to the stomach at the thought- The door opening had him Nox-ing his wand so fast, he
wasn’t sure he had even used the word.

“Coast clear, handsome brother mine,” a tall figure whispered to another of similar height as
they both entered the room.
“Witch still suitably distracted, equally handsome brother mine.”
Harry couldn’t make out any features against the light of the hallway, but he would recognise
those two voices anywhere.

Chapter End Notes

(*) I think, Buckbeak was renamed Witherwings in canon after Sirius’ death, but since
Sirius is still alive in this story, I decided against it.
(*) Sunday shopping: In England and Wales trading on Sundays was not generally
permitted until 1994. This meant that shops such as department stores and supermarkets
were not able to open legally.
(*) Wizarding religion: I’m basically creating my version of 'neopaganism' here. The
term can refer to any type of modern paganism based on the variety of pre-Christian
religions. In this case it’s a mix of Ancient Celtic aspects, some Anglo-Saxon stuff,
nature worship, and pure fantasy. So don’t try to analyse it too much. I had fun
imagining what wizards might celebrate and why, so it’s not meant to mock any
traditions or beliefs.
(*) July of 1996 actually had two full moons, so Remus really has all the reasons to feel
like shit.
(*) Asking the ward to simply key him in: If it wasn’t obvious, that’s not something
just everyone would be able to do, but since Harry had to learn to let his magic ‘lead’
him, things work a bit different for him.

Chapter 10: Meeting
Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

As the door closed behind the second twin and the room was once again plunged into the
semi-darkness of only the one reading light, Harry held his breath. He knew they would not
be able to see him through his invisibility cloak, but they definitely could still hear him. And
as much as he liked the twins, he did not want them to see him right now considering the way
he was… disguised. He would never live that down. Not to mention he did not fancy them
telling Dumbledore about seeing him, even though he was pretty sure they would only do so
out of concern for him. What had Ron said they called his vanishing act? The ‘mother of all
pranks’, was it? Even so, it was easier if they never knew he was there.
Come to think of it, what were they doing in Sirius’ supposedly secret room to begin with?
“Cozy,” one of them commented softly and Harry thought it was George from the way his
figure was always angled towards his older twin, but that could just be the lack of light.
“Sirius, old dog,” the other greeted as if the comatose man would actually answer. It set off
the uncomfortable feeling of guilt in Harry’s stomach again, made him want to snap at the
twins for intruding here. That was until who he thought was Fred lit his wand and Harry
could make out is face. “They treating you right, mate?” Fred continued and Harry stared at
the painfully melancholic smile on the twin’s face.
It looked so out of place on the fun-loving boy he knew, but then… they didn’t look so much
like the schoolboys he remembered. Harry watched the two make their way over to the bed,
pressing himself in the corner, trying to breathe as quietly as possible.
“Sorry to tell you, mate,” George said after a moment of silent staring at the prone form, “But
you look like shit. Remus is going to go all mama wolf on you when you wake up.”
“Harrykins, too,” Fred continued, startling Harry half to death with the mention of his name.
“Though right now he’s busy leading the Order of the Fried Chicken around by their noses,”
he added, chuckle sounding somewhat forced.
“Sneaky for a Gryffindor, that one,” George agreed and started drifting over to the table.
Harry watched as Fred (and it really was Fred, he decided) carefully fluffed up the pillows for
Sirius and made sure the blanket was comfortably tucked in. It was a surreal feeling seeing
the two pranksters so solemn for once, taking care of Sirius so earnestly. Harry wasn’t sure
what he had been expecting, but this respectful thoughtfulness was not it. It eased the cold
feeling that had settled in his gut when he had stood staring at his bedridden godfather.
“Hey, Freddie?” George suddenly spoke up, causing both Fred and Harry to look over at him.
He was standing slightly bowed over the table, inspecting the papers and potions there.
“Look at this, someone’s clearly taking their work serious,” he said, only to snort at his own

words and add in a mutter: “That was a good one, if I do say so myself.”
”Yeah, well, Harrykins wouldn’t have bribed an idiot to take care of his godfather,” Fred
answered as he stepped close to his brother and looked at his finds.
Harry felt himself blush at the blunt words. He had no idea how the twins had managed to get
passed the personnel or kept the wards from alerting someone to their presence in the room or
even how they knew about it all, but he was glad they had come. Not only was it good to
know someone else cared about Sirius, but Harry himself also wouldn’t have been able to tell
if his godfather was really looked after the way he should be.
Fred joined George at the table and the two started fiddling with the potions there for a
moment, commenting sometimes when they were sure they had identified one correctly and
comparing their finds with the notes. It sounded like the healer Harry had ‘employed’ was
doing a decent job, even if the accommodations weren’t the most comfortable.
“You think he comes here sometimes?” Fred suddenly questioned his twin.
“Yeah, I think so,” George decided after a moment.
“Good thing the Order doesn’t know about it then.”
“Yeah, for once a good thing the Order doesn’t give a damn,” George agreed with a slightly
bitter sounding snort. Harry frowned, gaze flicking between the terrible duo and his
godfather.
It wasn’t long after that the twins took their leave. Again they made sure to say their
goodbyes to Sirius as if the man would answer, telling him to hurry and wake up, because a
certain werewolf was apparently getting angsty and not a little bit randy. Harry had grimaced
at the image, yeah no, he did not need to imagine Sirius and Remus getting it on, thank you
very much. As Harry was once again left alone with his godfather, he let out a huge breath.
He could barely believe they had not noticed him! Really, maybe they should have been
training situational awareness in the DA last year as well.
There was music all around the crowded plaza, like a colourful breeze weaving in and out of
the different stalls and clusters of people, though Harry couldn’t place where it originated
from. Laughter and a general happy buzz seemed to be positively infused into the whole of
Carkitt Market, just like the mixture of delicious food scents combining with the smoky smell
of a bonfire. A bonfire. As in a huge stack of wood merrily burning out in the open on a
wizarding festival. How… ironically macabre?
Near the happily burning flames one of the stalls seemed to be selling ears of grain, and a
voluptuous woman dressed in some strangely medieval dress was showing a small group of
people how to plait and interweave the grain stalks to little dolls. They were even tying
ribbons dyed in different shades of green and red and gold into them, giving the dolls a
cheerful appearance. Huh. He had a peculiar feeling what exactly the sacrifice Treasach had
mentioned would involve. Again, ironically macabre? (*)

Either way, the sheer mass of people was very different from that in Bandy-Legs. There was a
distinct lack of obvious creature heritage, though Harry didn’t doubt they were still present.
Children were running around as well, a sight he wouldn’t come across at the pub and more
reminiscent of Diagon Alley, yet there was significantly less muggle influence that he could
spot. For one, everyone was dressed clearly wizard-y …or magical, or whatever. No jeans, no
hoodies, no trainers. And then there was just something in the way people carried themselves
that had Harry flounder as he couldn’t seem to pinpoint the difference.
Either way, such a crowd outside the safe confinements of Bandy-Legs was overwhelming
for his senses, but also very infectious. The mood was warm and merry in a way that made
you want to mingle and dance. Harry let himself drift through the crowd for a while, thinking
back on his afternoon…
When Harry had returned from the hospital, not only his boss had been waiting for him.
Wanlockhead was leaning against the counter, arms crossed, scowling through his hangover,
and looking intimidating as if he had known Harry would walk through the door right that
moment. And next to him on the backrest of a stool sat a rather haughty looking owl.
“Well, duster, there she is. Now shoo,” his boss addressed the owl in a deep rumble, earning
himself a snapping beak before the bird set out to land heavily on Harry’s shoulder. “It’s been
waitin’ here since before I was up,” he added with a frown before shrugging his shoulders
somewhat uncomfortably and turning to walk back up the stairs.
“Er… thanks!” Harry called after him, already focused on the feathered weight on his
shoulder that was now shoving a letter into his face.
He barely registered the half-whined ‘Don’t shout!’ coming back down the stairs. It was
disconcerting that this owl had found him, he had hoped only Hedwig would be able to. A
sudden thought had him nearly ripping the letter from the poor animal’s leg, checking the
envelope for an address. If his boss had seen that… Oh. For some reason the address was not
legible. Yes, Harry could clearly read the address of Bandy-Legs (which was good to know
by the way), but where his name should have been there was something akin to a smudge.
Well, probably a kind of glamour, he supposed, or perhaps the letter was charmed to be only
readable for its recipient... but then Harry should have been able to read it. Either way,
Wanlockhead would not have been able to discern his true identity from this.
Breathing a relieved sigh, Harry apologised to the ruffled owl, accepting the slightly harsh
nip to his hand before it took off again. There was the Ministry seal on the back and Harry
thought back on what Ron had written. These had to be his OWL results. Maybe Ministry
owls were special? But this reminded him, he needed to do something about Hedwig’s looks.
She was a bit of a celebrity now herself; everyone knew of the pure white snowy owl
belonging to Harry Potter (although he wasn’t quite sure who belonged to who some days).
Anyone that had at one point attended Hogwarts with him, anyway.
His hands were trembling just a bit as he carefully peeled away the parchment. He had been
too occupied with everything going on to worry much about his exam results, but now that
they were here… oh well, nothing for it than look. Voldepants’ visions during the written
parts were sure to have ruined a lot of his chances and he knew he had failed Divination, but
at least he could be sure to have aced Defence. Squinting down at the explanation of the

different grades, Harry memorised the three passing ones (O, E and A) and the one that stated
he would be allowed to repeat the exam at one point (P), briefly wondering if a certain
amount of achieved OWLs was needed to be allowed to continue studying at Hogwarts,
before he looked at the actual results:
Astronomy: A
Care of Magical Creatures: O (*)
Charms: E
Defence Against the Dark Arts: O
Divination: D
Herbology: E
History of Magic: P (*)
Potions: E
Transfiguration: E
He was rather dumbfounded to note that he had managed to pass Astronomy what with the
whole debacle going on back then, but wasn’t about to complain. As expected, he had failed
Divination, but was apparently eligible to re-sit. Fat chance there, he was glad to leave that
whole lump of dragon dung behind. But History… After the brief glimpses of insight into
wizarding culture he had received throughout his work at Bandy-Legs, Harry wondered if
History taught by someone other than a monotonous ghost lulling everyone in the vicinity to
sleep was actually interesting. After a moment of consideration Harry decided on looking for
some good books on the matter when he went to get the required stuff for his sixth year.
Though he had no idea when or where the re-sitting of exams would happen, he was at least
entertaining the idea of trying for an OWL in History of Magic.
Looking at the supply list for sixth year that had come together with his results, Harry
skimmed over the needed stuff. There were books listed only for those subjects he achieved a
passing grade in and no mention of History even though he would be allowed to try that one
again if he wanted. Technically he should have the needed material for the class already if he
was to re-sit, but frankly he didn’t think rereading that dusty old tome would help him much.
Well, The Standard Book of Spells, Grade 6 by Miranda Goshawk was no surprise, he had
volume 1-5 already, same went for A Guide to Advanced Transfiguration by Emeric Switch
or Advanced Potion-Making by Libatius Borage. New was the stuff for Defence (Confronting
the Faceless, no author named), making him briefly wonder who would be the unlucky sod to
teach that class this year. Still, even if he took the vaguely disturbing sounding course book
for Herbology into account (Flesh-Eating Trees of the World), the whole list sounded…
oddly inadequate. Never before had Harry considered looking for more than the required
books, but with his newly awakened thirst for knowledge (at least the practical kind) this
booklist just didn’t cut it.
Yet, he knew for a fact he currently didn’t have the funds available to buy all that he wanted,
at least not if he took into account the clothing. And that was assuming he would receive
pay… He hadn’t dared asking, feeling already somewhat like a freeloader. Anyway, he
remembered Hermione lamenting on the fact that updates weren’t really a thing in the
Wizarding World, so going with second-hand books would not really be a problem, and
perhaps he would even be okay with second-hand robes… as long as they didn’t look like the

ones he remembered Ron wearing in fourth year. The image of those mouldy dress robes was
something he would like to not emulate. Ever.
Tapping his borrowed quill thoughtfully against his chin, Harry got his assignments, or rather
the drafts of his assignments, out and made notes on the supply list thinking about what all he
would need to finish his essays in a way that wouldn’t make him feel like a complete
dunderhead. And now he was using Snape’s insults, great.
The money was an issue, but as rude as that sounded even in his head, maybe Remus would
be able to give him some advice. He would have asked Mrs. Weasley, somehow less afraid to
bruise her pride, but if he wrote to her, she was bound to tell the headmaster. Remus on the
other hand would not only know how to get by with very small funds, he was also unlikely to
rat Harry out to Dumbledore - if Harry managed to assure him of his safety, that is. Still, he
would have to formulate it very carefully for he did not want to either sound condescending
by just assuming his former professor would know about money issues, nor did he want to
make the man feel guilty. After all, Harry had used up his trust fund to pay for the care the
man’s mate needed when he himself wasn’t able to do it. To Harry it had just been a logical
thing to do, Sirius was family and Harry had the money, so of course he would pay.
And then there was the frisson of guilt gnawing at the back of his mind, whispering about
how his godfather would have never ended up in a coma if it hadn’t been for Harry…
But Remus was very sensitive when it came to perceived charity. It was also unlikely he
would place the guilt for Sirius’ situation at Harry’s feet, regardless of Harry’s own feelings
on the matter. Still.
And wow did his eyes hurt from all that damn squinting! Wasn’t there another way to help
him read and write while his eyes were basically out of commission? His magic was able to
help him around, after all…
He was still pondering this question when suddenly a large body crashed into his, jarring him
out of his reminiscence and back to the festival on Carkitt Market. An arm winding around
his waist stopped him from toppling over, squishing him to a warm chest.
“Well,” a voice spoke near to his ear, making Harry shiver slightly, “What do we have here?”
He was about to reach for his wand and make the bloke aware that Harry wasn’t one he could
just manhandle randomly, when he found himself released. His hand, though, was caught in a
rough palm easily dwarfing his own and a head full of red half-curls bowed over it.
“I believe, brother dear,” another voice, quite similar yet somewhat different, spoke up from
behind Harry, “We have managed to run into a bonfire fairy.”
Glowing in the flickering light of said bonfire and the many lanterns in red, green and gold,
was the unmistakable Weasley red and the mischievous eyes of the twins were sparkling at
him in shades of blue. (*) That was twice a day and this time Harry knew there was no
escaping this. He could feel a fierce blush creep up his neck, anticipating the hackling,
hoping fervently Fred and George were on their own. Not only would that mean less jokes on
his expense, but also less chance of being dragged away to Dumbledore. He had the faint

hope the twins would actually hear him out, listen to his side of things, before doing ‘the
right thing’, but“I hope my troll of a brother did not spook you, miss?” The twin from behind him addressed
Harry, coming around to look at him properly. “He has this dreadful ailment of clumsiness,
you see.”
“Nearly as blundering as our youngest brother, I am,” the other twin nodded agreeably,
before adding with a wink: “The woes that come with being the most handsome of my horde
of siblings.”
“Oi!” The other one cried in mock-offence, “Don’t tell the pretty fairy such blasphemy!”
Harry blinked between them, head swirling with the twin-talk and the situation. Did they
really not recognise him or was this just one of their jokes? It was always hard to tell with
Fred and George, but after seeing them this morning in the hospital, Harry couldn’t help but
acknowledge that there was far more to the two than most gave them credit for. He had
always thought he could glimpse what hid behind the perfected masks of pranksters and
troublemakers, but had never had the chance to truly investigate. It was far too easy to be led
around by their act and it wasn’t as if Harry had had much leisure time these last years. Right,
only one way to find out if this was just an elaborate prank or if the two really did not
recognise Harry under the disguise of ‘Harley’.
“Um,” Harry cleared his throat pointedly to get the still squabbling twins to shut it long
enough for him to get a word in edge-wise, “I’m sorry for running into you like that,” he said
politely, carefully modulating his voice to keep it from dropping into too deep tones, “I
was… daydreaming.”
Two sets of gleaming blue eyes focused in on him and Harry felt the blush darken. That was
not the evil-gleam-of-prankster-sighting-prey he had seen on the two before when they had
spotted their next victim. It also was not their general easygoing manner, no, there was
something else in that gaze, but Harry couldn’t pinpoint it. The way they were looking,
staring, at him right now was vaguely familiar, but…
“No need to apologise, pretty fairy,” Fred (yes, he had run into Fred) answered, smiling
charmingly. “I didn’t watch where I was going.”
“Indeed,” George added with his own slightly more roguish version. “Let us make up for my
brother’s blunder. Do you happen to have company for this fine event?”
Okay. So, either a very elaborate prank, or they really did not recognise him. And considering
they were addressing him as a girl (including ambiguous endearment) they might actually
have fallen for his disguise. Well, it was rather dark out by now and the lighting was flimsy at
best… Harry dared to breathe a little freer - until the words of George’s question sunk in.
“Ah-,” he stuttered, unsure what to say. No, he had no company for the evening, but there
was no way he could pull this off for longer than a few moments without them recognising
him!

“Wonderful!” Fred exclaimed, sweeping down into yet another bow, still keeping Harry’s
hand clasped in his own. “Frederick Gideon Weasley, at your service.”
Before Harry could even attempt to formulate an answer, his hand was snatched away and
another redhead was bowing over it, though George’s eyes never left his as he brought the
hand close to his lips.
“George Fabian Weasley, pleasure,” he nearly purred and Harry suddenly felt like
spontaneously combusting. He had never before been on the receiving end of this kind of …
flirtation? It was different from the rough teasing at work, this was far more refined, far more
intentional. Were the twins flirting with him? HIM?! “And you would be, Miss…?”
Right. Nothing for it.
“Harley,” Harry answered after a second of hesitation. The twins had never gone out of their
way to prank him, for some reason declaring Harry early on as mostly off limits, so he felt
somewhat reassured that they wouldn’t draw it out like this if they really were pranking him.
“Um… nice to meet you?”
George blinked at him and he thought he saw Fred goggling a bit before he questioned: “You
wouldn’t be the Miss Harley? The waitress with the kick-ass reputation of that bar in
Knockturn?”
What the… oh by Godric’s-need-to-compensate-with-unnecessarily-long-swords! He
couldn’t escape creating some ridiculous sort of fame for himself, could he?
“Now you simply have to honour us with your presence,” George decided with a broad grin,
“We’re somewhat your fans, heard all about how you’re ruling that bar. I have to say, though,
you’re a lot more delicate than I expected considering those rumours.”
Fred nudged his brother in the ribs, taking hold of Harry’s free hand in the same motion, then
placing it in the crook of his arm.
“Don’t listen to George blabbing, he thinks he can imitate my awesomeness,” he winked at
Harry again, before adding: “He doesn’t get that there’s more to my charm than words.”
Harry didn’t really get to do more than nod a bit confusedly. The next minute he found
himself between the two, George still holding his hand, Harry’s other in the crook of Fred’s
arm. They were leading him around the festival, drawing him into small talk and for all
intents and purposes trying to charm Harry’s stockings off.
He had no idea how he found himself in this situation, but he had to admit the twins were
great company. Suddenly the festival of Lughnasadh was more than a fascinating insight on
wizarding culture; it was a fun evening with friends… even if those friends didn’t truly know
who he was.

Chapter End Notes

/snicker
Okay, so, maybe the hospital scene was a bit mean, but I needed Harry to see another
side of the twins when they thought themselves unobserved... Anyway, we’ll get to see
some more of what happens at the festival next chapter.
(*) Lughnasadh: Again, I’m basically creating my version of ‘neopaganism’ here. In
this case it’s a mix of Ancient Celtic aspects, some Anglo-Saxon stuff, some of the more
modern interpretations of nature worship, and pure fantasy. So don’t try to analyse it too
much. I had fun imagining what wizards might celebrate and why, so it’s not meant to
mock any traditions or beliefs.
(*) Harry’s OWL results in Care and History: I upgraded them (from E to O and
from D to P), because I like the idea that Harry has an affinity for all kinds of animals
and also because I want him to be able to re-sit his History exam. It doesn’t change his
canon result of 7 OWLs.
(*) In canon the twins’ eye colour is actually brown and they aren’t all that tall, but
hey, artistic freedom.
Question for you: What do you think is the most important difference between Fred
and George’s characters? Just let me know what you either got from canon or imagined
in your head canon, please.

Chapter 11: Glittering
Chapter Notes

Thank you to all those who took the time to tell me their opinion on the twins and their
differences. After reading through your ideas, I decided to go with the following:
Fred: Gryffindor (shorter fuse, just do it-attitude)
George: Slytherin (more of a planner, always a step ahead)
No, they haven't been sorted into different houses or anything. They each have traits of
both houses, but some are more prominent in one twin than in the other. This way they
even each other out.
Chapter goes with a wink at xxCAPXLOCKxx.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Large hands had a gentle hold of his waist, guiding him to the music that had slowed down
from the loud and cheery stampede of the bonfire dance. Now couples were swaying contently
in the last flickers of the glowing embers, most lanterns nox-ed to give the plaza a dreamy
feeling. Nothing felt real in that moment, not the warm hands on his waist, nor the slightly
cooler ones on his hips. Not the mischievous spark in blue eyes…
HOOT!
Harry fell out of bed with a thud, sheets tangled about him and hair in disarray. There he lay
for a few long moments, heart racing, and the impression of those big hands still lingering,
before sitting up and glaring at a certain owl balefully. He wasn’t sure what he had been
dreaming about, but it had been very pleaHarry blushed profusely as the memories of the last night came back to him in a sudden rush.
He had visited the festival on Carkitt Market and literally run into the twins. Fred and George
had then proceeded to be the perfect gentlemen towards the girl without company, their
‘bonfire fairy’. Harry groaned, utterly mortified. He had agreed, had let them show him the
festival, had let them treat him to snacks and games, had not protested being referred to as a
girl they had just met.
He was so dead if they ever found out.
Another impatient HOOT! had him blinking up at Hedwig who was restlessly shuffling back
and forth on his windowsill. That’s right, he had sent her out to Remus yesterday before he
went and made an utter fool out of himself with the twins…
Cub,

I’m glad you managed to visit Sirius, though obviously I am obligated to scold you for
your recklessness. Feel yourself duly chastised.
Right, that out of the way: Are you safe, Harry? I am not asking you to tell me where
exactly you are at, even though I wish I could be there with you. Just tell me you know
what you are doing and that you will be careful, please. If you need a place to stay, you
will always be welcome in my flat, the address is listed below. I am currently staying at
Grimmauld to keep an eye on the Order, so no one will be going there, and the contract
is still valid until mid-September. The keys should be in the envelope.
Well, that explained the set of keys that had fallen into his lap upon opening the letter.
Remus’ words were soothing in a way he had not expected. After visiting Sirius in the
hospital, Harry had just wanted to distract himself from it all, from the guilt, from the
horrible sight his comatose godfather had made. Yet, reading Remus’ letter eased a fear he
hadn’t wanted to truly acknowledge. The words felt like the comforting way the werewolf
used to hug him, all protective and gentle and warm. He looked at the address, noting he
would need a map if he ever wanted to make use of the offer.
To answer your question regarding budget: There are a few pointers to work with small
funds if you have access to Gringott’s. With my known affliction I may not be allowed to
own a vault by Ministry law, but the Goblins have found ways to at least partly
circumvent this issue.
They will convert muggle money into Galleons and the other way around directly
without the need for a deposit. The exchange rate is very much in favour of the Goblins,
though, so it will always be more profitable for you to exchange wizarding currency into
the muggle equivalent. The other way around will not get you the same values in the
wizarding stores.
Wincing at Remus completely seeing through him and his sad excuse of careful phrasing,
Harry thought about that. He was sure Hermione would have her piece to say about this
newest unfairness concerning those coming from the Muggle World… but Harry himself was
more invested with the blatant mistreatment of creatures. Not allowing them a vault?! From
talking and listening to the wide variety of creatures visiting Bandy-Legs Harry knew a lot
about the Ministry’s disregard, and in some cases open restrictions, on creatures or those with
creature heritage. And it made him want to shove Shacklebolt’s head down Wanlockhead’s
filthy toilet. Or, better yet, Fudge’s head as the former Minister was more likely the one
responsible for all those horrid laws. Him and that disgusting little sycophant Umbridge.
Breathing deeply, Harry tucked his rage about the treatment of creatures as far down as he
could, and continued on reading.
Therefore: If you buy food, go to the Muggle World to do so. The wares may not be
magically grown, but definitely cheaper. The same goes for clothing, if you know where
to look. Try to keep away from the tourist spots.
As for books on magical topics, there are always second-hand shops. I particularly
enjoy the one on Oblique Lane, an underappreciated side-street of Diagon Alley. There
you should be able to find most of your schoolbooks, unless they are newly published.

For your reference material I would recommend you visit the wizarding public library
on Vertic Alley. Sometimes they even give away books that have been sorted out for one
reason or another. (*)
Oblique Lane? Vertic Alley? More of those streets Harry had not paid attention to before,
apparently. He so needed to go exploring, that was for sure. And a public library? That may
not be the perfect solution, but it wasn’t like he had any room to house those books if he
bought them instead. This way would at least work for his assignments. Alright, he would go
and look for that second hand shop for his damn course books and then… yeah, he had better
plan ahead this time.
Harry sighed. If he entered that library with the way he felt about everything right now, he
was bound to do a Hermione and hibernate there. Nope, he needed to make other purchases
first.
Reaching under his bed to where his school satchel resided, now mainly housing his
invisibility cloak and the mokeskin pouch with the few coins he owned, Harry briefly
contemplated what he would be able to get with 9 Sickles and 6 Knuts. (*) If he remembered
correctly, that weren’t quite 3 Pounds (£) … Seriously, he would never be able to afford any
books at all like this.
And another thought made itself known, a thought that had been biding its time, waiting for
the perfect moment to strike like the snake it made Harry feel like just thinking it: Was it
even worth it? Did he even want to return to Hogwarts at all?
Harry, I know what you have done for Sirius and I, and I know you do not want me to
dwell on it, but please let me know if I can help you in any way. Also, keep an eye out for
Order members, Albus is not happy with you going against his wishes. I would feel
better, if I knew you to be safe, but I can understand your need for freedom. Sirius also
would agree with me. You deserve to make all the experiences that were kept from you in
the past. Voldemort’s actions should no longer dictate how you live your life.
Take care.
Remus
P.S. Is that Hedwig you sent your letter with? Clever camouflage, though I think, she
was not as appreciative.
Glancing up at his still agitated owl, Harry once again wondered about a method to change
the colour of Hedwig’s plumage more permanently. Or, well, not permanently, only longer
lasting. She had not been happy with him unceremoniously dying her in a nondescript brown
before sending off his letter, and was still giving him the ‘stink eye’, but the colour was
already fading. There was no way she would let him do that again, she was rather the vain
sort, so he needed another way of messaging his friends. If he had the money to spare, he
would simply use the Owl Post Office.
With yet another sigh Harry flopped back on his bed, mind readily going back to the festival
of Lughnasadh, dancing with the twins, something he never would have thought could be so

much fun. It probably helped that he had not been expected to lead this time, or that the
dances hadn’t really been anything formal. In fact, the dance around the bonfire with the
sacrifices had been pretty much a happy tumble, rhythmic beats and merry melodies blending
together. Everyone had been so animated and unrestrained, a sight so at odds with the day to
day of the Wizarding World he was becoming used to. It was only later, when the families
with children had already left, and the music had changed to something calmer, more
mystical…
Blushing at memories of hard muscles beneath his hands, being pulled close in a way he was
so not used to (but in this case very much appreciating), and swaying to the music between
both George and Fred… It was all a bit much, overwhelming, unknown territory. They had
been actively flirting with him! Or, well, with Harley. Groaning Harry rolled out of bed to get
ready for the day.
Clothing was definitely on top of his list. He knew, he should be thinking practical and invest
in unisex clothing, he could always continue transfiguring… but he really didn’t want to.
As much as the mere thought made him blush, Harry really wanted to get some real skirts and
dresses and… whatever else only girls generally got to wear. And considering he was in
London, he probably wouldn’t get more than a second glance even if the muggles noticed he
wasn’t quite as female as he pretended to be. There were a lot of crazy fashions going on in
the Muggle World and London was ideal for those who didn’t want to conform quite so
much. It was actually the reason Aunt Petunia had mostly avoided going into the more
fashionable parts of the city, fixated on ‘normality’ as she was. Or maybe he should call that
normativity.
So shopping in muggle London it was, though he would have to look for at least one rather
conservative outfit between trying out the varieties of fashions. Maybe a long dress or skirt,
ankle length seemed the magical way to go, and something with a high neckline to wear
together. Working at the pub and watching the magical folk on the market had taught him
how the respectable everyday witch dressed when foregoing robes. It was all flowing lines,
nearly no exposed skin. As far as he could tell they didn’t do plunging necklines, but had no
issue accentuating waistlines... It was all very confusing. The dress code also seemed to
depend very much on a person’s perceived status in society, as he had seen the definite
difference between Purebloods …and basically everyone else.
The way he dressed as Harley was perfectly fine while at Bandy-Legs, and wouldn’t raise
any eyebrows in Diagon Alley either – as long as he kept out of certain stores. Depending on
the place he would either be seen as a Muggleborn or a person who was at home in exactly
the place he now lived at: Knockturn Alley, the safe-haven for those that either couldn’t or
wouldn’t conform to the Ministry guidelines.
Especially those Purebloods who maintained positions of power in wizarding society, or even
just those who felt themselves above others for whatever reason, would look down upon him,
if he didn’t dress the part of proper witch. Yes, there was a clear difference between muggle
and wizarding fashion, that much was obvious, even if Harry couldn’t really decipher the
more intricate dress code. Now that he thought about it, even Mrs. Weasley stuck to long and

in her case pretty simple skirts and dresses. She rarely wore robes, but Harry had seen the
prices in the shop windows… It was likely the Weasley’s just couldn’t afford them. (*)
“Lass.”
Looking up in surprise, Harry saw Fergus Wanlockhead standing in the door to the kitchen.
He had been so caught up in his depressing thoughts that he had moved on autopilot, going
through his morning routine, getting dressed, even pulling up his freaking mess of hair. It was
all just so frustrating! Remus’ advice was good, but Harry didn’t currently own enough
wizarding money to justify exchanging it at Gringott’s. He doubted the Goblins would give
him the time of day, him and his whole 9 Sickles and 6 Knuts.
Without as much as an explanation his boss shoved a glass jar full of coins into Harry’s hand.
A jar he was very familiar with, as it was the one that always presided on the counter down in
the parlour, laced with anti-theft wards and other stuff Harry was rather sure fell into the Dark
category. It was the jar meant for tips; you could put something in, but not take anything out
– unless you were willing to lose a finger or two in the process.
“What…?” Those had to be nearly a hundred Galleons! (*)
He was pretty sure there had not been THAT much in there the last time he had looked…
Though, generally Harry didn’t pay much attention to patrons tipping them, or him personally
for that matter. If the latter ever happened, he faithfully stuck the money into the jar, not
expecting to ever see it again. This was Wanlockhead’s pub and he allowed Harry to live
here, never asked questions, and taught him all sorts of stuff. He wasn’t about to trick the
man out of what was rightfully his.
“That… Fergus, I can’t-” He didn’t get to say more.
“Harley, you need more clothes,” his boss gruffly interrupted. “You know I won’t ask what
led you here, but go out there and get some… whatever ya birds need.”
Yeah, if only Harry knew ‘whatever birds need’. So a few minutes later he found himself
wandering Diagon Alley a little aimlessly, the money from the tip jar safely tucked away in
his mokeskin pouch. He had wanted to protest the obvious charity, but Wanlockhead wasn’t
having any of it. He claimed he couldn’t afford to properly pay Harry, or rather Harley, but
also insisted that there had been never before that many patrons tipping. Well, however the
man phrased it, Harry knew what this was, but what was he supposed to do? Ignore the fact
he had basically no other option? Insult his boss by declining his gracious offer?
Roughly a hundred Galleons (plus 9 Sickles and 6 Knuts) seemed to be a lot on first glance,
but he remembered how much his school supplies each year amounted to. He wouldn’t be
able to splurge, but he dearly hoped there would be enough left to get some proper shampoo
and… stuff when he was done with the most important things. Maybe he could leave out the
new robes, it wasn’t as if he had grown anyA luridly coloured advertisement caught his attention and Harry found himself walking
closer, squinting at the slogan promising to help witches remove “warts and worse”. Madam

Primpernelle's Beautifying Potions drew him in before he could think about it too much. It
wasn’t as though he knew where to start finding ‘whatever birds need’, anyway. Oh wow.
Somehow that sounded rather sexist, now that he thought about it.
The shop was …very glittery. It was a corner store with not much space, but one whole wall
was covered in rows upon rows of potions of all kind. They seemed to be well-ordered,
maybe even colour-coded… and that was where Harry’s understanding of what kind they
were ended. Oh well.
Turning around, he caught a glance of the opposite wall before he was accosted by who he
assumed to be Madam Primpernelle herself. She was a vision. Harry supposed she could
probably be called pretty, but it was honestly hard to tell with all the glitter and colours that
seemed to swathe her whole form. Her eyes were done up in some shimmery golden… stuff
with glittery stones following her upper lash lines. The shimmer also adorned her cheek
bones, and her hair was curled elaborately, seemingly dyed in the colours of the rainbow. And
that wasn’t even taking into account her clothes.
Blinking, Harry finally managed to focus on her words, though considering her own
assessing gaze she had been just as caught up in perusal as he had.
“Well,” she declared, hands on her hips, “It is about time.”

Chapter End Notes

(*) Oblique Lane: A side street of my own creation. The name, reminiscent of Diagon
Alley etcetera, is a play on the term ‘oblique line’.
(*) Vertic Alley: Another creation of mine, a play on ‘vertically’.
(*) moke: M.O.M. classification: XXX
“The moke is a silver-green lizard reaching up to ten inches (25,4 cm) in length and is
found throughout Britain and Ireland. It has the ability to shrink at will and has
consequently never been noticed by Muggles.” – Scamander, Newt: Fantastic Beasts and
where to find them
(*) I think, in a society like the one I’m painting here, with the restrictions, beliefs,
but also possibilities, it would actually be less expensive to only buy the fabric and make
your own clothing like Mrs. Weasley is known to do. Whereas in the Muggle World it
definitely costs less to buy the finished (mass produced) product.
(*) The tips are modelled after the average wages for British ‘full-time manual females
under the age of 18’ in 1996. Poor Harry already works roundabout 40 hours a week.
1 G = 4,97 Pounds
makes about 96-97 G a month

Chapter 12: Primping
Chapter Notes

Happy whatever-you-may-believe-in that just so happens to fall around these days. And
if there’s nothing, just feel yourself smiled at. :)
Curtsying to hothead here.
Also a nod to Rose_Haven and Come Along Pond (GypsiesMoonleigh).

See the end of the chapter for more notes

His hair was meticulously clipped back and out of his face, his left hand was clamped down
into the cushion of the old-fashioned barber’s chair he sat in, while his right was cramping
around his wand hidden in the folds of his skirt. There was some kind of cloth covering the
entirety of his face and his skin was prickling from the latest potion that had been applied.
Harry had no idea how he had ended up like this.
One moment he had been slightly lost and confusedly stepped into Madam Primpernelle's
Beautifying Potions, the next the lady in question had whisked him behind some curtain in
the back of her shop, sat him down, and started in on him. It was terrifying. It was
fascinating.
First, she had made sure all of his hair was suitably out of the way (including clucking her
tongue at its condition), then she had wiped his face down with a cotton ball drenched in an
unknown potion, before having him wash his face with what appeared to be simple water. At
that point his skin had started to feel itchy and she had shushed all his questions by yet again
applying something to his face. He nearly jumped out of the chair when his skin started to
heat up under the potion, but once again let himself be calmed. All the while Madam
Primpernelle had chastised him about his blatant lack of care towards his ‘poor neglected
skin’ and had asked ‘what by Hufflepuff’s barrels’ he had thought he was doing to his hair.
He wisely kept his mouth shut on that last one.
Now he was to sit still and let whatever was on the newest cloth (something cooling this
time) soak into his skin. Actually, he was meant to relax while that happened, but sitting
someplace he didn’t know with even less eyesight than he had come to work with these last
weeks… Yeah, relaxation was as far from it as it could get for him.
“Now, luv,” Madam Primpernelle’s voice startled him into drawing his wand from its hidden
place, only to nearly drop it when he felt deft fingers in his hair, “It’s a slow day, so I’m all
yours for now. Really, witches these days, not an ounce of understanding where true beauty
comes from.”(*)

She clucked her tongue again and Harry wondered if he was included in those scorned
witches. He felt her struggle with the tight knot he had put into the piece of string he used to
keep his hair in a bun… and then there was a clear SNIP as she decided to cut it instead. If
Harry flinched at the sound, it had nothing to do with him imagining her cutting off his hair.
Nope. Of course not.
“They all just think to apply more and more glamour charms or even Muggle make-up to
hide their ugly mugs, but totally neglect to go looking at the root for what actually causes the
problems they so desperately are trying to hide!”
He had no idea what she was going on about, but made an understanding sound just in case.
It reminded him a bit of when Hermione would get into a rant and him and Ron would just
nod along and agree verbally at intervals. They even had developed a pattern of whose turn it
was without being too obvious about the fact they were completely lost on what Hermione
was going on about.
“Mhm…,” Madam Primpernelle said, tugging a little at different parts of his hair. “I don’t
know what you did to your hair, but it is in dire need of some proper care. All dried out and
brittle. Luckily you have good genes apparently, your fibres are quite strong. But tufty
Kneazles, girl, what were you thinking?”
“Um…”
“Yes, I thought as much,” she sniffed, evidently reading all she needed to know from his
eloquent answer. “Right. You sit tight and let my potions work their magic and I will treat
your hair to what it is screaming for.”
Harry didn’t dare blink beneath his strange face mask, but his heart thudded a little faster as
he wondered how much all this pampering would cost him. He hadn’t even made it to
Gringott’s yet and he still needed to at the very least get some basic clothes. He wasn’t going
to even think about his school books right now.

So there Harry sat as Madam Primpernelle washed his hair with something that smelled a lot
like the greenhouses at Hogwarts. But she didn’t stop there and he couldn’t prevent the
nervous wriggling when he felt her add something else. She seemed to take great care with
this product, working it in all the way from the lengths up. Something cool was then put
directly on his scalp, another scent mixing in with the composition in the air, and Harry
imagined it all mingling around him like the colours and glitter that made up the madam’s
appearance.
Sometime during her giving his scalp a little rub, his agitated magic lost its edges, though it
still wafted through the room alongside the vibrant scents. He thought he could see it in his
mind’s eye, dancing somewhat languidly in a current of rainbow colours that smelled of
herbs and flowers and magic. The fingers on his scalp felt heavenly, but Harry just couldn’t
fully relax. His magic was spread out around the whole shop now, trying to make up for the
complete lack of sight. It left him high-strung and constantly aware.

“There,” she interrupted his drifting thoughts and he felt her rinsing his hair. “This should do
for now, but you will not leave this shop without proper care products for this mane of
yours.”
A moment later she wrapped half his head in …well, it felt like a very soft towel, but when
Harry reached up, he could only sense magic. Must be some charm. Then the cloth from his
face was gone and he found himself blinking up close at the glittery gaze of Madam
Primpernelle.
“Yes, yes, that looks a lot better, dear. Your eyebrows, though…” He sat like the proverbial
Mooncalf in a Lumos as she eyed his face, tapping her wand thoughtfully against her chin.
He wondered if now would be the moment she noticed he wasn’t quite who she thought him
to be. “Alright,” she exclaimed after a moment, suddenly brandishing another kind of cloth
and dabbing at his face. “I will trim both your hair and your eyebrows, Merlin knows you’re
in some need of proper pampering. When was the last time you even glanced at a mirror, luv?
Surely-”
He let her prattle on as his mind shortly went back to a certain mirror with a penchant for
lecherous commentary hung in a grimy little bathroom. Well, not so grimy anymore after
Harry had found the magical cleaning… stuff. Seriously, wizards weren’t appreciative
enough of what all their magic could achieve! A stinging sensation above his eyes brought
him back to the present and Madam Primpernelle’s focused face. Her very close, focused
face. Why was she so clo- oh OW!
“What… stop that!” He protested when he realised what was going on.
“Don’t be such a wuss. Beauty knows no pain and now shush, this lady needs to concentrate.
And stop that scowling, missy!”
So he did. Godric knows why. He let her ‘trim’ his eyebrows (though to him it felt like she
was trying to rip every last bit of facial hair out of his skin), let her comb out his hair (which
made him gasp in wonder as it didn’t hurt one bit. Apparently she had magically gotten rid of
all knots - which didn’t stop her lecture on how to properly brush long hair.), and even let her
give him a cut, though he insisted on keeping his hair as long as possible and he wanted at
least some bangs. He had a disguise to maintain. She did some curious motion with her wand
and Harry watched in fascination as it seemed to function as a hairdryer. Though, why she
didn’t just spell it dry… oh. She seemed to curl it around her wand and…
“I don’t do nails,” Madam Primpernelle said after a moment, giving his hands a critical
glance, “Oh, but you totally should get some treatment there… Go buy a book or something
on proper nail care! I heard they have a new issue out over at Flourish and Blott’s about
colour changing charms that won’t hurt the cuticle.”
He had no idea how long he had already been there, but he was not about to let her talk him
into any more treatments. He kept his nails short, that was enough, thank you very much.
Finally she deemed him suitably pampered and turned the barber’s chair to actually let him
have a look at what she had done to him. Blinking back from the – thankfully noncommittal –
mirror was… a person blob. Damn. He really needed to do something about his eyesight!

“Err… that looks… great, yeah, thank you, ma’am,” he stammered out, reaching out with a
single finger to touch his cheek.
He was a bit afraid his skin had been peeled off or something by all those potions, but his
face was now much softer to the touch than he ever imagined possible. It was so smooth he
couldn’t even feel a hint of stubble. Though, admittedly, he grew very little of that and he had
used the shaving charm this morning to be extra sure.
It took him a moment to notice Madam Primpernelle had left to the front of the shop and
suddenly the heavy weight in his stomach was back. She was putting bottles and little vials
on the counter, obviously expecting him to buy whatever it was she had put together. Right.
Nothing for it. Straightening his transfigured skirt, Harry went up to her, pulling out his
mokeskin pouch. (*)
“This one, dear, is a moisturizing shampoo potion, this is the complementary conditioner. The
absolute basics.” Cue pointed accusatory stare. “This,” she continued after a long second, “is
one of my special oil-treatment masks,” again she halted in her explanation, fixing him with a
Look that promised way too much pain considering its glittery up-do. “I expect you to treat
your hair once a week. My masks are my speciality and they will not be cast aside and
forgotten just because the likes of you decide it is too much of a hassle.”
She sniffed dramatically, then turned back to an assembly of tiny vials as if she hadn’t just
mentally threatened to shear Harry’s head should he not take proper care of his hair.
“And these little beauties are samples of some different stuff I would like you to try. My new
skin-care line. All charmed unbreakable, of course.”
Harry eyed the products longingly, inwardly preparing himself to tell her no and just pay for
the pampering, but he couldn’t bring himself to open his mouth. Was it so bad that he wanted
these things? He had never cared about his looks before, but it was also very true that he had
never really had a reason to. Or a chance, really. It wasn’t like he could go and get a treatment
like that of Madam Primpernelle’s as Harry Potter. The papers would eat themselves in glee
and everyone and their Puffskein would have an opinion on his latest exploits.
“What exactly are those?” He questioned instead, giving himself a few more precious
moments.
“Add this to your next bath, it will get rid of all the dead cells accumulating on your skin, but
make sure to keep it away from your hair. I would recommend massaging this in afterwards,
yes, everywhere. You will not regret it.”
Harry blinked. And then he reached into his pouch, asking her how much he owed.
What had he been thinking? They would look right through him, there was no way he would
be able to fake his way through bloody Gringott’s as a girl!
Did disguising oneself as the opposite gender already count as deceiving the bank? He had
heard horrendous stories about what Goblins did to trespassers... no, no, calm breaths. He

could do that, he just had to be as in-tune with his role as possible, make himself believe he
really was Harley, really was a girl. Ugh.
Grimacing slightly, Harry gave himself an internal pep talk, taking care to address himself as
'Harley', concentrating on thinking of himself with female pronouns. He... no, she had just to
visualise what she would have to do, right. Okay. So awkward. Why was her skirt swishing
so much, was it always doing this? Oh no, maybe she should have spelled it longer for this
visit, she looked indecent for sure! What about her hair, Madam Primpernelle had done so
much there, but was it really okay? No, Harley, concentrate...
Sighing, Harry stopped half-way up the steps of the imposing building to yet again smooth
down his skirt in a nervous gesture.
Well, at least he had chosen a unisex name. There was no way he would be able to keep the
female pronouns up no matter how many skirts he wore. It just didn’t feel right, and
considering this was all just supposed to be a disguise, he had no idea why the whole topic
was making him feel so… so…lost? Yet more at home than being Harry Potter had ever felt
like. On one hand he was basically living a lie, a temporary compromise to be safe and enjoy
a little freedom. But on the other hand it was like he had found some forgotten, or maybe
newly developed, part of himself. A part he wholeheartedly wanted to welcome, because it
made him feel warm and fuzzy and light and…
It calmed him slightly to feel the still heavy weight of his mokeskin pouch against his chest
hidden beneath his shirt. He really must make a pitiful sight considering he had been on the
receiving end of what he perceived as charity twice already today. Oh, he had paid for the
hair products, but the samples and the whole treatment on site had been free of charge.
Madam Primpernelle had outright refused to take any more money than what she regularly
charged for shampoo, conditioner and that oil stuff. Then she had winked at him and told him
to come back when he had decided if the lotion sample was the right kind for him – all while
adding more of those little vials to the bag already containing everything else. Apparently
even lotions needed to be tailored to the different needs of peoples’ skin. Harry wasn’t sure
what he thought of all his new beauty knowledge, part of him kinda wanted to bleach his
brain and go roll around in the mud of a Quidditch pitch.
He nodded at the guards standing at the bank’s grand entrance and breathed in deeply,
imagining it to be his last breath if the Goblins should decide he was trying to deceive them
with his disguise. He fervently hoped it counted that he wasn’t about to try and enter the
building’s bowels where the vaults were kept. Nope, he just wanted to exchange 50 Galleons
of his remaining tips to go and buy some clothes in the Muggle World.
He saw them before he had taken more than three steps into the large hall.
The bank was rather crowded for this time of day, or so Harry supposed considering it was
just gone twelve… and was ridiculously hot outside. ‘Outside’ probably being the deciding
term here, because the entrance hall of Gringott’s bank was cool enough to make Harry in his
shirt and skirt combo shiver. But even with all the people there he could make out two
distinctive figures – or, well, he could make out their hair in the crowd and could estimate
from the height at which he saw their moving colour blobs that it was most likely the twins.
Ron was just a tad bit taller, and lankier, Harry decided as he got closer. The twins definitely

had maintained their Beater’s build from their Quidditch days, all muscled arms and backs.
And he really had no idea how tall and broad the other Weasley brothers were… why was he
thinking about that again?
Harry couldn’t stop himself from standing in the line Fred and George were currently at the
front of. They were arguing with the Goblin at the counter and he tried stepping
unobtrusively close enough to hear what was going on. Normally Harry wasn’t the nosy
sort… okay, yeah, he had a nose for trouble and was curious, but other peoples’ finances
weren’t exactly of interest to him.
“…makes enough of a profit…”
“Already?”
“Yes, Sir!”
“And… sure not overestimating yourselves… after all… wizards aren’t exactly…”
“We’re sure!” Were the last chorused words Harry could make out before an uptight looking
wizard coughed pointedly at him, gazing down his nose at Harry until he hastily stepped
back.
So the twins had really managed to open their joke shop, they were living their dream. The
thought made Harry smile. And from the sounds of it, the shop even made a very decent
profit. The wizard in front of him was still eying him critically and Harry had to resist the
urge to stick out his tongue. Sue him, he was invested in his friends’ happiness, so what?
“What do my sore eyes espy there, brother dear?”
And there went the whole inconspicuous trip to Gringott’s, excuse-me-just-someunimportant-girl-here. Blend into the background. Not call attention to yourself. Yeah. That.
“It’s a vision.”
“No, it must be a mirage!”
The twins appeared on either side of Harry, expertly outmanoeuvring the stuffy wizard that
had been sniffing disdainfully at him.
“A trick of the air then?”
“Surely, for no ordinary girl could possibly be this mesmerizing.”
“A true fairy she is, brother mine.”
“A sight to behold!”
“A credit to the Gods!”
“An earthbound goddess might even!”

…Didn’t they have work to do or something?
A trip into Muggle London it was, as much as he dreaded the walk in the midday heat. Still,
he would brave it if it meant he wouldn’t be subjected to anymore condescending
storekeepers looking down their noses at the girl in transfigured clothes. Not that Madam
Primpernelle had done that, no, but he had visited enough shops down Diagon by now to
know better. They all thought him Muggleborn on first glance there and everything was fine,
but the moment someone took a closer look, the Kneazle was out the bag. A decently trained
adult witch or wizard simply wasn’t fooled by a transfiguration done by an amateur of
Harry’s level. And apparently it wasn’t considered the done thing to run around in poorly
transfigured stuff unless it was an emergency. So at the very least he needed some basics
from pants and socks over shirts and…whatever else he could afford.
Though, it seemed he was not going to make this trip on his own.
“Oh don’t be like this, Miss Harley,” George cajoled good-naturedly, extending his arm in a
courteous gesture.
“Give these humble wizards a chance,” Fred agreed, stepping up to Harry’s other side.
Apparently leaving them standing as they egged each other on to ever more outrageous
claims about Harry had not stopped the twins from following him. He wasn’t quite sure why
he was trying to avoid them, but it probably had something to do with them calling him
‘Harley’. They didn’t know better and that simple, or not so simple, fact gave Harry stomach
aches. They weren’t just being friendly, they weren’t just helpfully showing some lonely girl
a local tourist attraction. No, they were actively flirting with him, trying to get to know him,
and that could only spell trouble. And possibly heartache if he let it continue and inevitably
started caring for them even more deeply than he already did.
“It’s okay, you know,” George’s calm voice spoke up again, his gaze intent as he looked at
Harry. “We don’t expect anything, we’re not making any assumptions.”
Harry had to blink rapidly at those words. George had no way of knowing how important it
was for him to hear this, how much it meant. After all, the twins had no idea who he truly
was, they didn’t really know how many people made assumptions about Harry Potter on a
daily basis, how many expectations were heaped on him. Ultimately that was the main reason
he had hidden himself away as Harley.
“Just let yourself relax a bit and enjoy the afternoon with some friendly company,” Fred
added knowingly… before adding a bit flippantly: “After all that kicking shady arses out of
your bar you’re obviously in need of some fun.”
“Not to mention…”
“…Looking fabulous while doing so.”
“Indeed, mesmerizing you are today, Miss Harley,” George ended their twin-speak and gave
him an appreciative once-over.

Harry blushed. He hadn’t even truly managed to stop the flush from inside Gringott’s and
here they went again. Still, they made it seem so genuine. The heat felt less oppressive with
them around for some reason and maybe it would be nice not to have to do all this alone…
Though, how much the twins knew about female fashion… At the very least they had grown
up in the Wizarding World, so it stood to reason to think they would know if something was
too ‘out there’, right? Okay, so maybe Harry was actively looking for an excuse to stay in
their company.
“Alright,” he finally relented. “But,” he interrupted the blooming grins with a raised hand,
feeling slightly bad for seeing them slip off the twins’ faces. “I’m going to the Muggle World.
Clothes shopping. Are you really ready for that?” He challenged.
He watched George and Fred exchange glances, appearing a little wide-eyed. Harry wasn’t
sure if it was the prospect of leaving the environment they knew and felt safe in, or if it was
the threat of fashion. Then again, Harry really didn’t know what the twins did during their
summers, especially this one ever since they had opted out of Hogwarts. He knew they would
have spent a lot of time building up their shop, but…
“Well, Gred, what say you?”
“An adventure, Forge.”
“Lee’s at the shop, sooo…”
“…a free day in search of mugglemade mischief with the lovely Miss Harley?”
“No pranking unassuming Muggles!” Harry declared, raising an unimpressed eyebrow at the
pouts turned his way. “And don’t call me ‘Miss Harley’,” he added in a mutter.
“Not?” The twins chorused before assuming identical thoughtful poses, cocking their heads
in the same direction, and scrutinising Harry from head to toe.
Oh this was going to be a long day.

Chapter End Notes

I wonder if anyone notices the blatant (intentional) ‘plothole’. :D
(*) for those who are re-reading: Since her shop is located on Diagon Alley, I’m
having Madam Primpernelle using gendered terms instead of the later introduced gender
neutral form.
(*) moke: M.O.M. classification: XXX
“The moke is a silver-green lizard reaching up to ten inches (25,4 cm) in length and is
found throughout Britain and Ireland. It has the ability to shrink at will and has
consequently never been noticed by Muggles.” – Scamander, Newt: Fantastic Beasts and
where to find them

Chapter 13: Shopping - Part I
Chapter Notes

Twirling around a bit for Beg457. ;)
Goodbye 2018, hey there, 2019!
Let’s hope this past year was the wake-up call humanity needed; let’s hope this new year
will show that being human means to have the capacity for both, bad and good, dark and
light, whatever that may mean. Don’t let the fear take over. I still believe in love.
Here’s to hope.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

He wasn’t quite sure how they made their way there, but the next time Harry was really
aware of his surroundings it was to the loud greetings the twins issued a certain bartender.
Only, this wasn’t the pub he had learned to find his way around almost blind, no, this was the
Leaky Cauldron and the twins were greeting Tom.
Harry winced. He really didn’t need this kind of attention.
But it was hard to be concerned when he had George’s warm arm casually wrapped around
his waist and his fingers engulfed in the calluses that made up Fred’s large palm. Briefly
Harry wondered about this display of affection towards someone who was basically a
stranger to the twins… but was soon distracted as he watched his companions contemplate
their outfits. It was the first time Harry actually looked at what the two were wearing, trying
not to get distracted by the way the clothes clung to all the right places.
The two were decked out in matching outfits, playing up the twin thing it seemed. Feet
encased in dragon hide boots (though considering the slightly rough craftsmanship, these
were made from shed skin and likely presents from their brother Charlie, the dragon tamer),
legs and hips hugged by sinuously tight leather pants, black dress shirts tucked beneath
garishly coloured vests of some kind… and probably everything drenched in cooling charms
(which Harry himself had yet to master, sigh).
Actually, with the muggle fashion as it was at the moment, they wouldn’t really stick out like
so many other wizards Harry had witnessed, especially back at the World Cup. So maybe
they would garner some looks, but nothing about their getup was all that strange. He had seen
a lot of cheerfully coloured outfits on his way into the Wizarding World, apparently the
muggles had embraced some new trends since the last time Harry had actively been
someplace other than Privet Drive. (*)
“It’s fine,” Harry interrupted their discussion softly, blushing a little as they both turned their
undivided attention onto him. “I- …I was out in the Muggle World earlier this summer and

they… they seem to have a liking for a lot of bright colours and shiny materials,” he
explained, trying to keep his voice down. It was bad enough that half the pub was already
aware of their destination.
“All alone?” Fred questioned with a frown.
“Well, yeah…,” Harry frowned right back, though his was one of confusion.
“That’s awfully adventurous of you, lovely Harley,” George commented, nudging his brother
into the ribs not so unobtrusively.
“Not really,” Harry commented sceptically, for the first time truly wondering if wizards in
general maybe just… never left their own world? “Are you sure you want to come?”
He wasn’t prepared for the sudden lull in their conversation and the blushes creeping up the
twins’ necks. What now? Mentally going over his words, Harry needed a few moments
before he groaned in embarrassment. THAT was not what he meant, Merlin’s socks!
“Oh sweet Harls,” Fred purred after a second, making Harry flush fast enough to feel slightly
dizzy.
“Beautiful Ley,” George added with a barely concealed leer.
“We’re flattered, of course…”
“...definitely flattered indeed…”
“…but we would never dare…”
“…besmirch such delicate innocence.”
They smirked, identical expressions of mischief on their faces, before adding in a chorus:
“At least not until we know you a bit better.”
The street was mostly empty, the midday sun beating down on them making Harry wish for a
hat or something similar. It was way too hot to be out here and the desolate state of the street
the Leaky Cauldron opened up onto was rather discouraging.
“Well, this doesn’t look all that inviting,” Fred commented as he shadowed his eyes to look
up and down the asphalted way.
“A bit …grey, isn’t it?” George questioned. “What kind of material is that?” He squatted to
touch the pavement, making a surprised noise. “It’s quite hot!”
Harry snickered at them. Well, it was true. The smallish side street of Charing Cross Road
wasn’t all that fancy, in fact, there wasn’t much at all to see. It was the kind of street people
only hurried through, not one to linger.

“Have you never been out here?” That just couldn’t be, right? They must have floo-ed into
the Cauldron a million times over the years, there was no way Fred and George Weasley had
never weaselled their way out into the Muggle World before.
“Ah you see, lovely Harley,” George answered as he stood up and snuck what looked to be a
small chunk of asphalt into his pocket, “We have been raised mainly magical, only ventured
out on the rare occasion.”
Harry eyed the pocket a second longer before looking up at the twins.
“But aren’t most wizarding homes technically located in the Muggle World? I mean, most
people in Britain don’t actually live in or near the shopping district and how many other
purely magical places are there?”
He had always thought the Burrow was located in the Muggle World, near a village even,
only layered in so many wards that muggles had no chance to ever come close. It was also a
rather big property, now that he thought about it, with an orchard and some fields around it.
There was also no way all those pureblood manors were located on hidden magical land like
the whole of Diagon Alley was, no matter how many wards hid and protected them. The land
itself would still be considered part of the Muggle World as it didn’t belong to the magical
country, right? Okay, so he really had no actual clue about how this sort of thing worked.
“There are a few villages,” Fred commented as they started down the street, “But most of
them are actually mixed, muggles and wizards living next to each other. Though, I only ever
visited Godric’s Hollow.”
“We, Fred and I that is, have visited some muggle places, especially since we turned
seventeen,” George nodded, rolling up his shirt sleeves a bit haphazardly.
“Yeah, but you’re right, I don’t think we ever entered from the Leaky,” Fred hummed,
copying his brother. Not that it helped any; Harry knew exactly who was who.
And wasn’t that just a curious way to phrase it? ‘Entering’ the Muggle World, instead of
Harry’s thinking of ‘exiting’ the Magical World?
“Okay, so, I haven’t seen much of London myself,” he said as they stopped at the intersection
to the main street. “Let’s just… get a map or something, so we can find a place to buy
clothes?” Harry suggested awkwardly.
“Whoa,” George said abruptly.
“Wicked!” Fred issued.
Harry blinked, and then turned to look at what the twins were staring. Well. They were kinda
in the centre of London, so Harry wasn’t surprised by the sudden hustle and bustle, honking,
flashing advertisements, and all those crowds. But apparently the twins had not expected this.
He felt it more than saw, quite literally, as one of the twins darted forward in apparent
fascination. It was just natural for Harry to randomly grab a hold of said twin’s sleeve to keep
him from running headlong onto the street. Yeah, these two might have been out in the

Muggle World in a few places, but they clearly had not yet grasped the concept of traffic
regulations – or seen actual cities, for that matter.
“Right,” Harry drawled, mentally preparing himself for a looong day. “We need to get away
from these tourist-y spots and find some discount or sale or… stuff like that.”
His piece stated, Harry set out towards what he hoped was a nondescript part of London,
tugging Fred and George along without much fuss.
Looking around the discount shop they had found just a few side streets away from
Tottenham, thank Merlin for tourist maps, Harry felt slightly high on how much money he
got for exchanging some 50 Galleons. He was the proud owner of 248 Pounds (£) and had
still some tips left in wizarding currency. Looking at the prices in this shop, he would have no
problem buying the essentials and then some. It was a strange feeling for the boy who had
always been considered a burden when it came to the muggle side of his life, the boy who
never had anything outside of the Wizarding World. Though, going through the racks, Harry
was confronted with one glaring issue he had not been expecting: sizes.
This had never been a question for him before, be it because he never got to buy his own
clothes in the Muggle World, or because in the Wizarding World he only bought his school
uniform for which he was measured beforehand. Not even taking into account that he now
was shopping for female stuff! How by Slytherin’s creepy cellar was he supposed to know
which size would fit him?! He wasn’t even a real girl and from what he had overheard since
coming in, the actual girls had the very same problem!
Then there were the obvious differences between wizarding and muggle wear that apparently
had coloured his understanding of female fashion more than he had been aware. Glancing
over to where a group of young girls was giggling over something or another, Harry noted
what seemed to be a very common look among young muggle women at the moment: two
out of three were wearing what seemed to be some short black dress over a tight, and
definitely undersized, white t-shirt. (*) He could probably get away with that style, at least
for a little while longer. He didn’t yet appear too old to have no female curves whatsoever
going, and he was still thin enough that the lack wouldn’t be strange, but… yeah, Harry
simply was way out of his depths.
This morning Dudley’s old shirt had finally resisted his attempts at transfiguration
completely. In his frustration he had done something he had observed on a witch a bit older
than himself during the festival: tying a knot into the hem to give the whole thing some sort
of shape and rolling up the overlong sleeves. It had the added advantage of hiding the fraying
hems. It was fine, really, but seeing all these possibilities… it made Harry realise how poorly
he had gone about the whole crossdressing thing. It was frankly a sign of his insane luck that
no one had called him out on it yet.
“You know,” Fred’s face suddenly appearing between two dresses on the rack in front of
Harry commented, “That’s not the kind of store someone like you should shop at.”
“Someone like me?” Harry questioned slowly, not quite sure he wanted to know what Fred
was talking about.

“Well,” George followed up from right behind Harry, making him jump a bit in place, “I’d
imagine the shop owners that are more personally invested in their wares would be
scrambling to have them worn by a beauty such as yourself.”
“Could only be considered positive advertisement,” Fred nodded in agreement.
“But-”
“No buts, pretty Harley,” George interrupted, slinging his arm once again around Harry’s
waist and turning him around.
“Let these formidable gents show you the places you should grace with your presence,” Fred
added as he stepped around the rack and snapped up one of Harry’s hands.
There was faint squealing in the background.
They had apparated behind a few garbage cans in the backyard of some store or another…
and Harry wanted to puke. In fact, he dry-heaved for several minutes, questioning what the
fuck he had thought trusting Fred and George Weasley to take him travelling the magical
way. He knew all sorts of magical travel hated his system, brooms excluded. Apparition
obviously wasn’t meant for him either. It was like being forced through a tight rubber tube,
his eyeballs felt short of imploding, and he couldn’t bloody breathe…! (*)
Harry had no idea where they were, though the twins assured him (between soothingly
patting his back and telling him to just breathe through the need to regurgitate his breakfast)
they were still in London. Side-Apparition was considered even more difficult than
apparating on your own, not to mention over longer distances… and they admitted to not
being able to pull that off. Yet. So, no venturing passed the city boundaries. Harry wasn’t sure
if he should be glad about that or not, and didn’t prod further.
Stepping out from behind the building, he realised this was a shopping district of some kind,
though not a spot tourists were likely to stumble across. It wasn’t quite Bond Street, but a
more upscale department store, the kind where you could find small branches of luxury shops
in-between the more affordable stuff. He let them lead him in and further in, passed
mannequins wearing pretty slip dresses, tailored skirts and trouser suits, but also something
the tags called baby doll dresses and shirts. Harry briefly wondered why maternity fashion
would be presented alongside everything else – he somehow had the notion these kinds of
clothes were always presented in their own specific corner or better yet their very own stores.
Sounded like a profitable business to him anyway…
“Alright, beautiful Harls,” George started, interrupting his confused thoughts.
“Pretty Ley,” Fred continued.
“What do you think of these?”
He held up a fluttery short dress and a skirt with what appeared to be some kind of print
likened to animal furs… some big cat, Harry thought…

“Or these?”
“Or, better yet, these?”
That last suggestion was a pair of very short …shorts. Something called ‘hot pants’ according
to the tag…yeah no. Harry blushed rapidly at the looks on the twins’ faces as they presented
him with the too-short-to-be-more-than-underwear pants. Not only were they practically
indecent, they were also so tight they would reveal certain parts Harry definitely needed to
obscure. And there was no way he would wear anything featuring animal prints.
“What can I do for you today, gentlemen?” A sugary sweet voice interrupted their antics as a
woman around her mid-twenties appeared seemingly out of nowhere. “Maybe some nice- …
oh.”
The shop assistant, or whatever she was, had finally noticed Harry and was eying him with a
barely hidden sniff of disdain. She had clearly not seen him before, as he had been standing
behind the tall twins, and was now taking in the rather threadbare re-utilised shirt with an
unimpressed stare. Though, she seemed to nod in approval at the current fluttery skirt he had
transfigured out of one of Wanlockhead’s old shirts. Yeah, excuse him for being a bit short on
clothing. But considering the way she was ogling Fred and George, Harry rather thought he
was not about to be kicked out of the shop by yet another condescending bitch. Yup, had
happened to him once already, though not quite literally. Still, no one wanted to stay in a shop
when the very owner looked down their nose at you.
“Well, miss,” Fred spoke up after a tense moment, giving a shallow bow and a disturbingly
charming smile, “Our friend here has recently lost her luggage and is in need of a lot of your
illustrious garments. Would you mind lending your expertise on the matter?”
And there the nightmare began.

Somewhere between being shown uncounted pairs of slim fitted pants he would never be able
to wear no matter how nice he thought the bright colours were, and looking at beautiful slip
dresses of so many varieties, Harry had a sudden epiphany.
He had just been admiring the different fabrics muggles seemed to favour at the moment - it
was so soft! – when a sudden thought struck him. Maybe it was George brushing a wayward
curl out of Harry’s face as he showed him an especially shiny article that pretended to be a
shirt of some kind, or maybe it was Fred touching Harry’s cheek in a seemingly careless
gesture that still lit alight his senses…
Dropping the ridiculously glittery skirt he was holding, Harry nearly sprinted towards the
next mirror. Inches away from the surface, he stared at his scar, the iconic stamp that branded
him like cattle to the populace, made him always recognisable, unmistakably identifiable…
And suddenly Harry knew why Madam Primpernelle had not screamed for the next reporter
available as she trimmed his eyebrows, why the twins didn’t look right through his mediocre
disguise. It had faded. Whether due to the lack of Horcrux or maybe through the various

potions the lady had used on his face – it was nearly gone. Oh it was still visible, but… it
didn’t stand out, it wasn’t raw and red and looking short of exploding like the damn soul
shard that used to fester there was trying to claw its way out. It was nothing but a slightly
silvery line that would be easily hidden with a little bit of muggle make-up. He would
probably not even need half as much as Aunt Petunia caked on her face every morning.
Everyone knew the scar on Harry Potter’s forehead.
On the photos made shortly before the whole Ministry debacle it had been especially
aggravated, red and irritated looking. A harsh slash into the skin that marked him in so many
ways. The stamp of the Chosen One.
And now it was gone. Gone like a leash he hadn’t noticed was there.
“Harley?”
“Are you okay, gorgeous?”
The twins asked from outside the cubicle he had sprinted into. As Harry hadn’t closed the
curtain, they could easily see him staring at his reflection like Draco Malfoy during his
morning primping routine. Yet, they didn’t step inside with him, but kept a respectful
distance.
“Ah…I-I’m…yes,” Harry stuttered after a moment, giving the faded scar one last glance,
“I’m fine, sorry.” He made a flapping gesture with his hand as if to shoo away the topic. “I’m
just a bit… overwhelmed with all the choices, I think.”
Which wasn’t exactly a lie. He really had no idea what he was doing and the stupid shop
assistant was more concerned with flirting with the twins than actually helping Harry. So far
George and Fred had not actively denied her, though they hadn’t really flirted back either
and… why was this annoying him so much anyway?
There was a moment of silence during which the twins shared a look that seemed to contain a
whole conversation and Harry tried not to look too guilty. This was all so wrong, why was he
still holding onto the whole Harley farce? He was basically lying to two of the people he
trusted the most and“Okay,” George said in a decisive tone of voice.
“Right,” Fred agreed with a nod.
“How about you stay here and wait for your two faithful companions to bring you some
assorted fashion items, lovely Harley?”
“I’m not sure that’s-” Harry tried to interrupt, still remembering the outrageous stuff the two
had chosen just moments before.
“We promise,” Fred spoke over him.

“…sweet Harley…,” George added with a roguish half-smirk that rapidly melted away into
an honest expression as Fred added: “To take care of it.”
Right. For the moment there wasn’t really anything Harry could do about it, he really needed
the help, and it wasn’t as if the twins had been forced into any of this. They had even told
him themselves they weren’t expecting anything! Whatever that was supposed to mean…
Anyway, Harry found himself nodding and then watched as the twins made their way through
the shop, deliberately going through the different sections, and piling various outfits into
baskets they had found Merlin only knows where.
And if they didn’t spare the shop assistant more than a glance in passing, completely focused
on their mission of helping out Harry… Well, no one needed to know what exactly had Harry
smiling so brightly.

Chapter End Notes

(*) Fashion of 1996: High-shine fabrics such as satin, metallics, sequins, microfiber,
vinyl and silk…
(*) Short black slip dress worn over a tight, undersized white T-shirt: yes. Very typical
for the 90s.
(*) In canon Harry gets side-along apparated for the first time by Albus Dumbledore
in 1996. I liked the correlation :D

Chapter 14: Shopping - Part II
Chapter Notes

Some nice twin blushing for Tabella_Martem and a wink at @sarah7ns. ;)
Also, please keep in mind that this story is set in the 90s and so is the (muggle) fashion
sense.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Harry carefully pulled his newly pampered hair out of the collar of one of the blouses the
twins had chosen for him. He was currently alone in his changing cubicle thingy, thank
Merlin for that, and going through the two mountains his companions had decided he was to
try on.
Straightening out the bow, Harry cocked his head. He vaguely thought he had seen some of
the women on Privet Drive wear something similar… No, he reiterated, he had seen Number
9 wear something like this in a smart combination with a pencil skirt (He wasn’t sure if he
should be proud that he now knew the correct term for this type of skirt.) and some rather
high-heeled shoes when leaving for work.
The lady of house number 9 on Privet Drive was cause for a lot of gossip between Aunt
Petunia and the other stay-at-home wives, because Number 9 had a job. Being surrounded by
tough women in the Wizarding World on a daily basis, Harry had never quite understood
what the problem was, but… Anyway, this was the kind of blouse the employed lady from
Number 9 wore and Harry could see why she would. It was very flattering, even on him, and
nicely concealed the fact he didn’t have any kind of bust. Also, it was so soft! And it came in
a lot of different colours and patterns. Yes, he definitely could see himself wearing more of
these. (*)
Now, what to combine it with? George had chosen some of the nice trouser suits, or rather, he
had chosen the trouser parts. They would likely look good in combination with this kind of
blouse, but there was no way Harry would be able to hide certain not so female parts.
With a sad sigh, he dismissed any kind of trousers for the time being. Perhaps magic could
help him in hiding a certain bulge? Well, he would look into it later. He would still need to
get his hands on some male clothing for school, though… Or he could sneak back to the
Dursley’s and get his trunk. But… oh! Fred had chosen some skirts of different lengths and
varying colours. Some were really long, others indecently short, but Harry tried them all on,
happily losing himself in the fabrics. He had just pulled up one that fell down to beneath his
knees when he heard movement outside his changing space.
“Harley, pretty? You decent?”

“Y-yeah,” Harry sputtered, smoothing the skirt uncomfortably, “What is it?”
A chuckle that made him blush slightly. Did the two have to sound so… so…
“Georgie and I would love to see if these garments are worthy of your glorious self,” Fred
declared in a sing-song tone of voice, making Harry scowl.
“Glorious my arse…,” he muttered, but was interrupted as the curtain preventing his
embarrassment was moved just enough for George to glance inside.
“Excuse my brother, still trying to imitate my charm, he is.”
“Oi!” Was heard from just beyond the curtain and summarily ignored.
“Sweet Harls, I think…,” he murmured softly, taking in Harry’s figure from head to toes.
“…you need some help there,” Fred added, voice a low rumble from where he suddenly
peered over his brother’s shoulder.
“Wha? No, I… what do you mean?” Harry fumbled, patting at his clothes a bit restlessly. Had
he somehow messed up? The skirt did look a bit askew…
“Just,” George said, unceremoniously shoving his brother’s head away as he slipped into the
cubicle, “This…” He reached out towards the skirt, but stopped barely short of actually
touching, waiting for Harry to give the go ahead. Harry, not seeing what the big deal was,
nodded, and was rewarded with a small smile. “I believe this part is meant to sit right…
here.”
Harry abruptly blushed as George slipped two fingers into the waistband of the skirt, his heart
thudded heavily in his chest as large hands gently tugged the cloth up. This close he could
smell George, it was an enticing and spicy scent, but Harry couldn’t really place- he blinked
rapidly as the twin stood back. Huh. That was weird.
Looking down, Harry noticed the skirt’s waistband had been pulled up to just an inch or two
above his actual waist, leaving it flowing nicely around underneath. Just like the blouse with
the bow concealed the lack of bust, the high-waisted skirt gave him the illusion of wider hips.
Turning to the mirror in wonder, Harry was lost staring at the soft look the new outfit
created… He didn’t notice the twins bickering in the background.

“And this?”
Harry questioned some time later, giving the latest dress a twirl. It was what the label had
called a baby doll dress, curious indeed, and a lot shorter than he felt was safe for him to
wear, but… Harry would never admit it out loud, but he somehow rather liked modelling for
the twins. Their whole attention was on him each time he stepped out of the cubicle in a new
outfit, their eyes roving over his form, their commentary cheerful and honest, yet always
managing to add in a flattering remark without overdoing it… Yeah, it felt nice and so Harry

found himself enjoying the attention for once and cataloguing all the different reactions he
could garner from Fred and George. He particularly liked the one when Fred started suddenly
coughing, but couldn’t tear his eyes away from the backless shirt Harry had been wearing,
while George’s ears grew as red as his infamous Weasley hair.
“Lovely,” said twin spoke up. “Although, if we were to let you walk home dressed like this,”
he cleared his throat, a faint blush overtaking the bridge of his nose, “You would have to
promise never to wear it to work.”
He looked like he wanted to add another stipulation, but seemed to change his mind. Harry
didn’t have to think of the patrons of Bandy-Legs to agree; the outfit just had something very
personal… or maybe intimate… to it. This dress in particular was mostly white with some
embroidery and lace, and Harry couldn’t help but wonder if it was meant to be so seethrough… Then again, when he had scrutinised himself in the mirror, the fabric appeared to
be somewhat sheer in some places, but the moment he moved the effect changed to another
place, and so on and so forth. Maybe it really was an illusion of some kind?
“You know, Ley,” Fred commented with mischief in his eyes from where he was lounging on
a chair.
“We heard them call you bunny,” George continued, nodding in the general direction of the
other patrons in the store whose attention the unlikely trio had garnered from time to time
throughout their fashion show.
“And kitten,” Fred nodded with a salacious smirk.
“But I don’t think it fits,” his twin lamented.
“Pumpkin doesn’t either, though,” Fred agreed.
“Nor sugar, does it?”
“Nope. Gorgeous you are, sweet lady...”
“But not a poppet, nor a pudding,” George shook his head in mock-sadness.
“Maybe a doll?”
“…Beautiful as you are.”
“But,” Fred’s smirk softened somewhat as he held his hand out to a flushed Harry in an
inviting gesture.
“We’ll see,” George said, smiling encouragingly. Harry hesitantly set his hand into Fred’s.
“What new tomorrow will show us about you,” Fred softly added, drawing Harry close, and
then leading him a few steps as if to draw him into a dance.
“Harley,” George whispered, gaze very focused on the other two.

“Little dove,” Fred added in a husky tone and Harry felt his heart flutter. (*)
They were strolling down a busy boulevard, though Harry’s knowledge of the capital wasn’t
extensive enough to pinpoint where exactly they were, and really - he didn’t care. He had
spent so much money… and he was pretty sure the twins had bought some stuff as well.
Considering the shop had been completely dedicated to female fashion, he wouldn’t be
surprised to find himself with some of the more… extravagant pieces later that day. Logically
he knew he needed the clothes, but really, that had been so damn much money for only very
few select items. At least, if he still had his trust fund, he wouldn’t feel so queasy about
spending this much. Not to mention, Harry had a feeling they weren’t done yet. (*)
That reminded him: He needed underwear as well, especially with all these nice new outfits.
Though he hadn’t planned on buying the female kind. It wasn’t as if anyone would get to see
what he was wearing underneath… and if one of those idiots from the pub managed to peek
up his skirt, Harry would claim that was exactly the reason he wore the less revealing smalls
meant for men. Only now there were the enthusiastic twins out for an unholy shopping
spree… Right. It was so easy to forget he was playing a role when around these two. ‘Harley’
didn’t know them as good as Harry did, so it really wouldn’t be strange that he didn’t want to
go shopping for underwear with them. Did girls do that anyway? Shop for their undies in
groups? With friends maybe? Thinking about the disaster that had been asking out a girl in
fourth year, Harry recalled with a cringe that they did tend to go everywhere in groups. Then
last year the date with Cho had turned out to be another disaster, yeah, but he was still proud
of actually walking up to her gaggle and asking her out. Honestly, girls’ behaviour sometimes
felt like they were intentionally making it harder for a bloke… Right. Not going down that
road.
Catching the eyes of some teenage girls basically gawking at them, Harry decided that
walking through the city with a twin on each side was a strange experience. He thought they
were garnering looks for simply being there and then some. Though, it was probably the
twins. It wasn’t everyday that you saw (to the passing observer) identical twins that weren’t
just quite similar looking, but similarly good looking. Fred and George had this effortless
grace – if they wanted to – and handsomely rugged looks, the kind that simply drew
everyone’s attention. And Harry was not a random passer-by, bad eyes or no, he could see
that just fine.
“Blimey!”
Blinking at suddenly feeling quite alone, Harry grinned at the absolute exuberance his twins
were exhibiting. They had come across an open front shop selling more casual wear… at
least, that’s what it looked like to Harry. For George and Fred it could have just as easily been
an adventure playground. Glancing at the tags, Harry was relieved to see the cheap prices,
and let himself get dragged along.
The twins soon were all over the place making excited noises every time something else
caught their interest, reminding Harry vividly of their father. It didn’t escape his notice how
the shop keeper was watching them, but he couldn’t find it in himself to care all that much.
With the twins… everything felt so much lighter.

“Harley, Harley look!” George crowed, rushing to his side and nearly overthrowing some of
the stands.
Blushing slightly at the shining bright eyes focused solely on him once again, Harry took
in… the straw hat? He had no idea why a simple, though rather nice, straw hat caused such
enthusiasm, but he didn’t question his friend. He let George put it on him, squinting a bit
from under the broad rim.
“Freddie!” George called back into the depths of the shop. “Gred, get your freckled behind
over here!” Harry wisely did not question that form of address either. “Have your eyes ever
espied such cuteness?”
Self-consciously Harry reached up to the hat, not sure if he really wanted to be called cute.
Well, he supposed it was a bit late to be put off by that. ‘Harley’ had enjoyed the twins’
compliments so far… but the hollow ache in his chest every time they called him by his
assumed name was disconcerting. He watched Fred rush out from the back, arms laden with
what Harry had learned were called crop tops. As funny as it would be to see one of the twins
wearing these, mostly frilly as they were, he was rather sure it would be him in the skimpy
outfits. Then again, maybe wearing something that showed off his flat stomach would draw
attention away from his too flat chest. And some of them really did look pretty…
He blinked rapidly at the turn of his thoughts. He hadn’t really taken on particularly feminine
mannerisms, had he? Though, to be honest, Harry wasn’t sure what behaviour would be
considered specifically feminine. What had he changed about himself so far, really? He had
grown out his hair, dressed more or less socially appropriate, but there had to be more to
being female than that. And seeing all the varying hairstyles in the Muggle World also very
clearly called attention to the fact that the long hair was not much more than a cliché. There
had to be more to it, but whether it was because he felt the lines between the genders were
blurring to him, or just because he was generally clueless, Harry couldn’t pinpoint it. If it was
giggling, he wasn’t doing a very good impression of a girl.
“Shoes!” The twins suddenly shouted, startling Harry out of his pondering.
“…What?”
Back in the clothes store they had been getting him everything in various sizes when Harry
hadn’t been able to point out the correct one. Well, he didn’t feel so stupid anymore when
each clothing article ended up needing a different size to actually fit him. But shoes were
another matter altogether as he learned very quickly after entering the store.
He hadn’t actually ever paid any mind to the size of his plain black school shoes, as those
were issued by Madam Malkin with everything else that was part of the uniform. They fit,
which was all that mattered, and considering Dudley’s cast-offs had never done that… No,
Harry really had no idea what his shoe size was. His current transfigured sandals did fit, too,
sure, but that was because he had transfigured his trainers to actually fit, intent and all that,
and…
“Hey, what’s wrong?”

Fred was standing close, his arm sneaking around Harry’s waist in a supportive gesture.
Harry wasn’t sure why, but the heat he felt creep up his neck at the sudden closeness yet
again had nothing to do with the weather. What was going on here? Yes, he cared about the
twins, he had basically grown up with them. They were his friends, but… but this kind of
reaction…
“Nothing, sorry,” he smiled fleetingly up at the redhead, not quite meeting the blue eyes.
“Just… muggle stores are really a bit overwhelming, aren’t they?”
Which was true, he did feel somewhat out of his depths here once again and it wasn’t just
because he had no idea what shoe size he needed. That part would be a bit embarrassing, but
hey, maybe wizarding and muggle measurements differed or something? Like how
Muggleborn students always got so confused when the professors issued essays in inches
instead of centimetres, because the Wizarding World had completely ignored the introduction
to the metric system. The imperial units had given Harry, muggle-raised as he was, more than
enough headaches over time as well. (*)
Fred hummed in agreement and they both took a look around. The store they were in was
indeed on the grand side, various levels could be made out from where they stood…
including a slightly spastic George who was busy jumping from one shelf to the next. He was
clearly fascinated by the various shoe styles, making Harry briefly wonder whether the
choices in the Wizarding World were just so limited, or if maybe the Weasley’s had simply
never been able to afford the more extravagant stuff before now. Their store did turn quite the
profit, didn’t it?
He watched as the second twin was drawn into the excitement, observed how the two would
find a certain style of shoes, discuss it between themselves, and sometimes look around at the
many posters on the walls. Those posters showed too perfect models advertising the certain
shoes and the clothing styles they were apparently supposed to be worn with.
Harry for his part stood very still for long moments before shyly stepping closer to one of the
shelves. He thought about holding different sizes against his feet to determine the size he
needed, but his attention was soon drawn by the wonders that are female fashion once again.
Those over there would look really nice with his favourite skirt…

Chapter End Notes

(*) He means a pussycat bow blouse. For those of us who aren’t native speakers, a
pussycat bow or lavallière is a style of neckwear often associated with women's and
girls' blouses and bodices. It takes the form of a bow tied at the neck similar to those tied
around the neck of kittens, cats, and the like. Yeah, kinda sexist. It can be more or less
frilly and therefore help conceal Harry’s lack of female curves. ;)
(*) I have no idea about prices in the UK, but just remember: It’s the 90s, things were
presumably less expensive than they are today.
(*) In Britain adopting the metric system was discussed in Parliament as early as

1818 and some industries and even some government agencies had metricated, or were
in the process of metricating by the mid-1960s. Both systems are in use now depending
on the context.

Chapter 15: Realising
Chapter Notes

I’m pretty sure there is something for rigger42 in this. :D

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Harry stirred the water in the tub carefully with his wand, concentrating on heating in lieu of
an actual incantation. As he had learned while washing his clothes with the same method,
heating charms just didn’t cut it. Or maybe he was simply doing it wrong. He couldn’t recall
if he was supposed to know a proper heating charm by now, but he hadn’t yet reached
temperature spells in his re-reading of his school books. Cooling charms definitely went over
his head.
Deeming the water hot enough, he added the stuff Madam Primpernelle had given him that
morning – before the whole debacle with the twins happened. If he recalled correctly, this
specific potion was meant to get rid of dead skin cells and was to be kept away from his hair.
Well, the bath hopefully would get rid of the stale sweat coating his skin. Checking that the
door was truly locked, Harry tugged his long hair up and secured it into a bun, making a
mental note to find out what spell the Madam had used to keep it there. He sank into the
scented depths with a sigh, recalling the last and only time he had ever taken a real bath - that
he could remember anyway. Even though the tub in the prefect’s bathroom back in fourth
year had been more a pool than anything else, he found he actually preferred this humble
setting. Although that might be the lack of nosy ghost.
“No, not all that steam again!” The hollow mirror voice lamented. “How am I to accurately
tell you off for your appearance, poppet? I can’t work like this!”
Right. There was that. Not creepy at all.
Leaning back and resting his aching feet, Harry concentrated on transfiguring a rag into a
small hand-held mirror (sans the commentary, thank you very much). Ever since that moment
in the clothes store, he had been itching to take a closer look at his scar – or at what was left
of it.
The face in the mirror, especially up close without his eyesight smudging details, was curious
indeed. The eyebrows were finely arched in a way he couldn’t recall ever seeing on himself.
It did make his eyes appear bigger, his resemblance to Lily Evans emphasized. Well, big eyes
were something he knew many girls thrived for and he could understand why. Personally, he
could admit that pretty eyes were something he found attractive on a- …on people, and now
his were quite the expressive feature, if he said so himself. Trailing a finger down his
disturbingly soft cheek, Harry recalled all the time Madam Primpernelle had spent on his

face. Oh well, maybe he really should invest in skin care? The result of this morning certainly
had dazzled the twins.
He remembered thinking they were in the heart of London and how it couldn’t be all that
hard to find some store selling care products, right? It wasn’t. But when they came across the
pink monstrosity of a shop their map had recommended, he balked. It was the colour, he
thought, or maybe the sheer abundance of it, painfully dredging up memories of bleeding
hands and a certain psychotic. Nope. He could not bring himself to do this, couldn’t get his
feet to move another step closer to that freaking doll house. It really was only missing the
kitten plates.
“Why is it all pink?” Fred questioned and Harry hadn’t been able to give an accurate answer.
Indeed, why was it?
“It was like this in the other shop, too, remember?” George pondered while Harry found
himself suddenly very busy having a minor mental breakdown.
So he might have started enjoying this whole dressing like a girl (disguise! It was a disguise,
okay?), but he was not going to step even a toe into this… this… pink, cotton candy
madness! He also was very much aware there were a lot of other decent shops around, so he
might have some luck in any of those. No need for whatever the Crumple-Horned Snorkack
that cliché shop was.
“Muggles seem to be very into colour-coding stuff,” Fred continued to muse, looking at the
pink shop front with a sort of morbid fascination – like he was wondering how to best use
this new information for a prank.
Suddenly George snapped his fingers as if an epiphany had struck: “It’s like ribbon
symbolism!”
“Huh?” Thoughts of all sorts of awareness ribbons crossed right through Harry’s pink-tinged
frustration. “No, I don’t think that’s what-”
“Oh you mean like the pureblood way of colour messages and ways to wear ribbons like
mum’s trying to teach Ginny?”
“Well, she can wear coded messages all she wants, won’t do a thing if the recipient doesn’t
even know the ‘ribbon-language’ exists,” George snorted, though there was a slightly bitter
undertone to his voice.
“Harley, pretty,” Fred nearly immediately turned towards Harry, “Do you like ribbons?”
That had been the end of their little foray into colours and their symbolism in muggle and
wizarding culture. It had sounded vaguely interesting to Harry, but his thoughts had been still
stuck on his care product issue. The longer they had been walking around, though, the more
Harry got the impression that there was a lot more to cosmetic and stuff than he had thought.
It seemed very bothersome. Did he really need something else? He had the samples Madam
Primpernelle had given him, after all. Though… she had kind of made a huge fuss about his
skin… Oh well. He was sure not every girl did the care product routine.

Back in his tub, Harry lifted his bangs away from his face and carefully scrutinised his scar.
He had had vague thoughts about using muggle make-up to cover it up and give himself more
freedom, but maybe that wouldn’t be necessary now. It really had faded, not much more than
a thin and somewhat silvery pale line now. The form was still unconventional and if someone
were to look at it closely enough, his disguise would be busted. But with the longer bangs
and the pointers Madam Primpernelle had given him… yeah, Harry really thought he would
be able to… to be free. Free of the stamp of the Chosen One.
In the stillness of the small bathroom tucked away in Fergus Wanlockhead’s flat Harry Potter
smiled brightly.
It was sometime during the first week of August that the thought of not returning to Hogwarts
took ever more shape in Harry’s mind.
He was sitting on his bed, trying to tame and order his ever growing jumble of notes on all
his schoolbooks. This meant he was sorting his piles of ‘unimportant’, ‘vaguely interesting’,
‘could strike his fancy at some point’ and ‘Godric’s sock draw how could he miss THAT?!’
into the thick notebooks he and the twins had picked up at a stationary store. Also, ballpoint
pens. Yes, that had been another experience… Anyway, right that moment there were chaotic
heaps of parchment (and shreds of the same) stuck to the walls of his little bedroom with
easily cancelled sticking charms. The whole room was basically covered in scraps of his
notes, but Harry felt confident he could keep track of what was where.
He had finally reached his fifth year books in his self-assigned re-reading. These last books
were taking him the longest, he really had been very… occupied last year, spent very few
hours actually doing schoolwork and a lot more being tormented by either his visions or
Umbridge. Yeah, he hadn’t learnt much during that time, but he was doing his best to make
up for it now. Seriously, he had no idea how he even managed to sit through half as many
OWLs as he had…
So now he was starting to transfer all his notes into his books, one page per spell and whole
chapters worth of interesting theory notes in-between. But he constantly had to make little
breaks or stand up and walk across the rather tiny space just so he could decipher what was
written on a certain parchment. Harry’s handwriting with a quill had always resembled
chicken scratch, but this sadly was another problem altogether: His eyes were dry and
starting to hurt and he was slowly but surely reaching his wits’ end. All this time at BandyLegs and he never had struggled so much. It was obvious his magic couldn’t help him with
this – there was no room to lead him around, no people to identify. Only his own atrocious
handwriting blurring in front of his near useless eyes. And now he had a headache.
Right, he needed some fresh air. It was hours still until he would need to be present for work
and going over all these notes only served to remind him of what he still needed. He thought
of Remus and his advice to visit Oblique Lane with its second-hand book shop. Leaving the
pub was always a little adventure with his sight, or lack thereof, but he braved it each week to
buy groceries. Hell, he had gone to Gringott’s a few days ago, all on his own. He didn’t count
the venture out into Muggle London, because he hadn’t been alone then, had simply needed

to follow the twins and their magical presences. Also, leaving Bandy-Legs gave Harry a
perfect opportunity to dress up. Yeah, he had really just thought that.
Decision made, Harry abandoned his notes for the moment to go through his new clothes.
So far they all resided on and around the lonely chair in his room, but maybe he could find a
way to hang some of them up? He was rather sure the nice blouses and dresses weren’t meant
to just lie there… no matter how carefully he had folded them. And indeed, Harry had been
meticulous in the care of his new stuff; it was, after all, the first time he had really chosen
something for himself and not been forced to dress in whatever was available. Not even
receiving his first school robes had felt like this, because the uniform followed a required
dress code. This… this was something else. These were all things he had chosen for himself,
things he had evaluated and tried on and decided he wanted. Sure, it helped that the twins
thought they all suited him quite nicely, but Harry had fallen in love with the fabrics and cuts
all on his own.
Thinking about where he would be going, Harry decided on a long, slim-fitted skirt that was
tied high in the waist and somewhat imitated the less formal robe cuts he had seen around the
magical streets. The cut was too severe for the flowing and colourful muggle styles of the
moment, and Harry had been eyed rather confusedly for the choice, but Fred and George had
agreed with him that it suited the more conservative wizarding fashion. He would be walking
the line between the expensive day robes every ‘respectable’ witch or wizard was expected to
wear and the muggle fashion that most Muggleborn, or those who could not afford otherwise,
wore.
To think just a few weeks ago Harry had no idea at what a disadvantage his purely muggle
clothes put him. Now, with a little more exposure to wizarding culture, he could see the
difference and he also felt it was somewhat his duty to assimilate himself into this world
more. He was, after all, living in the magical world now, so it made only sense to him to dress
the part. Though, whether he agreed with the prejudice connected to certain clothing
choices… Having listened to the various conversations he overheard on a daily basis, be it in
the pub or on Carkitt Market, Harry had a deeper understanding of the preconceived notions
people associated with clothing styles. Really, it was not all that different to the muggles,
simply another set of bias. Yes, he enjoyed dressing in the fascinating muggle fashions he had
just started to explore, but now Harry was more perceptive of dressing appropriately for each
situation.
So for a trip into Diagon Alley with the intention of finding reliable information in form of
books that he possibly would have to bargain over Harry would dress the part of respectable
young witch (with just a dash of curiosity and open-mindedness towards the muggle culture).
Though, he would definitely change into something less restricting for the evening at BandyLegs.
Now, dressed in the ankle-length skirt and one of the nice blouses tucked neatly in, Harry
ventured over into the tiny bathroom to tame his hair. He could scarcely believe it, but the
few times he had washed his hair since Madam Primpernelle spent time pampering it had
worked wonders. He had had no idea that a simple shampoo, magical or not, could make
such a difference.

“You appear quite agreeable today, darling.”
Yeah, even the damn mirror agreed. Sitting on the edge of the tub, Harry concentrated on
plaiting his now much smoother hair. Oh, it was still rebellious, but it also looked and felt so
much healthier. It helped that Harry was slowly getting better at doing it up in simple styles
as well and kept away from drying charms. Those apparently were the worst choice one
could make when it came to hair. Whatever the cause, his hair was now certainly a far cry
from the riotous and slightly matted mane it had been before.
Seriously, this summer was intense. Or maybe Harry had grown soft now that he didn’t have
to work hours in the Dursley’s garden… Wishing he had brought the cute straw-hat George
had found for him, Harry sighed at the oppressive heat as he reached the intersection of
Knockturn to Diagon Alley. Despite the burning summer sun, the midday crowds flocking to
Florean Fortescue’s Ice Cream Parlour were not diminished in the least. He’d bet none of
these people sucked at cooling charms like he did; although, most of them were sitting in
every available shade. Harry eyed the cool treats a bit longingly as he walked past the
parlour. He kind of missed Mr. Fortescue’s free sundaes.
Oblique Lane was supposed to be an underappreciated side street of Diagon… right… and
going by that name, Harry supposed the lane would be somewhat slanting away from Diagon
Alley… Well, there was nothing to it. He would have to search the whole of the blazing alley.
If the wizarding district felt like this, he did not want to even think of the temperatures in the
Muggle World today what with all that concrete. Taking a deep breath of the too hot air
around him, Harry straightened his blouse’s bow determinedly. He would start right here and
go down the whole lengthThere was a familiar face standing close to the ice cream parlour, not doing much of
anything, only standing and staring suspiciously at the crowd, and managing to appear
creepily suspicious in turn.
Mad Eye Moody.
Harry very nearly stopped in his tracks at the sight of the grisly war veteran looking so out of
place between the families and oh-so-sophisticated other shoppers. Panic crawled up his
spine as he hastily turned his head to stare in the other direction, away from Moody, and
forcing himself to keep moving. If he kept going, the ex-auror would have no reason to
suspect him.
But why was he here? He was obviously not doing anything that required being in Diagon
Alley, he was just standing there… scrutinising passer-bys, looking for something. Looking
for Harry. Fuck. Biting his lip to stop himself from constantly glancing at the man, he forced
himself to believe in his disguise. It was fine. Moody would not recognise him. There really
was no reason why anyone would be looking at him and seeing Harry Potter. He was Harley,
just Harley, a little nondescript waitress of a pub in Knockturn Alley.
Keeping his back ramrod straight and his head held high, Harry walked briskly past the man,
trying his best to look like he didn’t give one Kneazle-lick about him. Harley had no reason
to give him the slightest bit of attention, after all. Now he could only hope the paranoid

Moody wasn’t in the habit of using that eye of his to glance through random peoples’ clothes.
Could be a bit incriminating if he clocked Harry male when dressed the way he was right
now.
And he wasn’t going to think further on Moody’s possible voyeuristic ability.
Now very glad for the midday crowds, Harry moved past the ice cream parlour. He kept his
gaze mostly on the ground, though his head held high, only glancing up every other shop to
make sure he didn’t miss the intersection to Oblique Lane he was trying to find. There could
only be one reason why he was seeing Order members standing around the alley like sentries.
They were looking for him, expecting him to pop up in the magical district like some gullible
idiot. (Well, he was, but he wasn’t dumb enough to do so without any disguise!) They even
had specifically staked out what they suspected to be his most likely haunts, he realised a
second later. There was another one near the Quidditch shop… and... Yes, now that he looked
for it, Hestia Jones was stood near Flourish and Blotts.
Why was Dumbledore so insistent? The war was over before it really could start up again,
Voldemort was gone. There was no bloody reason why Harry shouldn’t be out and about,
there was no reason why these people would spend their summer searching for him. What
were they trying to achieve anyway?
Clenching his hand in an attempt to keep it from nervously rubbing at his scar, Harry walked
on. He wished he knew where he had to go, walking up and down the alley was exactly the
kind of obvious behaviour he should be avoiding.
What reason could the headmaster have to not only have insisted on Harry staying hidden
away at Privet Drive, but to even mobilise the Order to apprehend him after he had
disobeyed? If this had been before that last fight, before the horrific experience in the
Ministry Atrium… yes, if Voldemort were still out there, even if only in spirit form as he had
been up until Harry’s fourth year, he would understand. It was unlikely that Harry would
have disobeyed Dumbledore in the first place if that were the case.
But it wasn’t. So, what was this about? The only thing Harry could think of was the
Horcruxes and how he had never told the headmaster more than the basics about his
experience when he had been possessed by Voldemort. He never told the man that he knew
there had only ever been three of the vile soul containers. There just had been no reason to do
so when the fight was over and done with anyway. He had, perhaps naively, assumed that
Dumbledore already knew. Like he always seemed to know everything.
Finally, Harry noticed an almost hidden entrance, half obscured by overhanging potted plants
and the advertisement of the shops framing it. That had to be the lane Remus had told him
about, though honestly, he could have done with a more accurate description.
Ducking into the side street, Harry chanced a small glance back, hoping no one, or at least no
Order members, had seen him doing so. He didn’t see anyone suspicious or at least not more
suspicious than most magical folk appeared to him anyway. Seriously, those robes were the
ideal clothing to hide weapons in and Harry was pretty sure it was only the wizarding
tendency to abhor any kind of physical labour that stopped non-magical weapons from being
more popular. Okay, maybe now he was the paranoid one…

Oblique Lane was a narrow and rather… oblique… street. Yeah, really. It looked a lot less
lively than Diagon, too. In fact, it appeared to be a mostly residential area. The summer sun
was throwing thick rays down through overhanging roofs, and shadows of the foliage above
danced over highlighted dusty patches of cobblestone. It was peaceful, Harry decided after a
moment. He couldn’t make out where the little street ended, but his magic tugged him
towards the sign for a bookstore about three quarters down the path. Well, he realised it was a
sign for a bookstore the moment he stood right in front of it, damn his eyes.
The store was silent and even dustier than the cobblestone outside, but there was also a heavy
feeling in the air, like the rows upon rows of books emanated the very magic used to
manufacture them. As Harry stepped closer to one of the shelves, he realised that that may
very well be the case. These were second-hand books, all of them, and he could feel the
different magical residues left on them – probably even from their former owners. It was
vaguely like sensing people around him, only much much softer. It was the sheer number of
books around him, whispering, that made it possible for him to feel it at all.
“Hello?” He called into the depths of the store while running the tips of his fingers over the
old and worn spines. “Anyone here?”
There was no answer, but Harry wasn’t sold on it. There was definitely someone here, but he
supposed, as long as Harry didn’t try to take anything from the shop without paying first,
they had no actual reason to make themselves known. This wasn’t Diagon Alley, he was the
only customer at the moment, and there had barely been anyone out on the street too. So, they
either hadn’t expected anyone to actually come in here, or they were keeping an eye on him
without him noticing. There didn’t seem to be any anti-theft wards, at least he couldn’t sense
any like he had the wards in St. Mungo’s. He shrugged. All the better to roam in peace
without some shop keeper dogging his steps.
Harry started out with his Hogwarts list, going through the rows to collect second-hand
editions of his needed books, but soon he found himself pulling out others as well. It went
from books on the same material to corresponding topics and at one point completely veered
off as he immersed himself in a text about wizarding history and culture and how they
influenced each other.
Harry was utterly fascinated and didn’t even notice when a middle-aged man with what
appeared to be prematurely greying hair stepped up behind the counter.
The chapter that had captivated him into sitting down right where he was standing talked
about the necessity of graduation in British wizarding society opposed to other countries. It
said passing one’s exams was a must to even be allowed to practice magic. If you didn’t
graduate you were essentially deprived of your innate ability to use magic for the rest of your
life, and without that ability you were considered useless for society. This was apparently
enforced through the destruction of your attuned wand - which had Harry unconsciously
reaching for his own, assuring himself it was still there and whole.
The book went on a small discourse then about how it was only a few decades ago that 90
percent of the people who for whichever reason did not graduate, left the Wizarding World
completely. And glancing down at a tiny, nearly illegible footnote told Harry exactly what
happened to the remaining 10 percent that stayed. It was not pretty, apparently, but suicide

seemed to be one of those topics not talked about in the magical world. He supposed it was
another culture thing, but then again, it reminded him of Aunt Petunia whispering with the
other stay-at-home wives of Privet Drive. In both worlds there seemed to be a stigma to the
subject of taking one’s own life and Harry wondered about it. Was the cause for this stigma
rooted in history? Did other countries handle the issue differently?
But back to the whole not-graduating-matter that ended in destroyed wands. There were no
figures for the present, but Harry had a feeling they wouldn’t look much better. These people
vanished from society, one way or another.
In fact, Hagrid was the only one who suffered the fate of expulsion from school, wand broken
and all, that Harry could recall ever having heard about. Though it had been used as a threat a
lot, now that he thought about it… And that Hagrid had stayed on school grounds as well as
in the magical world was likely only because of Dumbledore – well, and his giant genes,
probably. For Hagrid there really was no other place to live than the magical world.
Harry shuddered, thinking maybe he had no choice in the matter after all. Maybe he really
would have to go back to school, if he wanted to or not. Then he turned the page and came
across one name that had him perking up and continue reading more carefully. Newton
Scamander. Respected expert in the field of Magizoology and bestseller author. And very
much expelled from Hogwarts.
So apparently being kicked out, or leaving before seventh year, didn’t have to be the end of
everything. That is, if the student in question took their leave after taking the Ordinary
Wizarding Level, because then they were deemed to be full-fledged wizards and may retain
their wands, as Newton Scamander had apparently done. And look where that bloke had gone
in his life!
Harry breathed a little easier then. He had sat his OWLs, had even passed seven of them with
the possibility of re-sitting another, and more than that: He had not been expelled, he was
only toying with the thought of not returning. Maybe that was kind of the equivalent of
finishing Secondary School without A-Levels? Whatever the case, it was a relief to know that
no one would be able to take away his wand and cut him off of his magic.
He made doubly sure that he understood the information correctly, before adding the book to
his pile. He would be looking for material on Ministry issued OWLs and NEWTs, just in
case, because he was absolutely sure Hermione once mentioned that one could actually take
their exams there. In modern times one was not necessarily forced to attend Hogwarts for a
recognized education as long as one passed the Ministry exams.
He found what he was looking for not long after and decided then and there that he would
need to read this specific tome in-depth. There appeared to be a lot more courses available for
exam at the Ministry than what were being taught at Hogwarts and Harry was confused. But
if he understood the convoluted phrasing correctly, there also would be no one trying to stop
him from taking certain NEWT exams. He was automatically approved for all possible
NEWT exams if he could prove a passing grade in the corresponding OWL. No Snape
restricting him from NEWT level just because he hadn’t managed an O in Potions. He
wondered if he was also allowed to take whatever OWL he wanted considering there didn’t

seem to be any official pre-exams to qualify for those… Then again, that possibly tied into
the whole need for graduation thing? He was confused.
But no matter, there was now a very big point on his not-going-back list that was tipping the
scale rather precariously. It also helped that retaking his history OWL at the Ministry
wouldn’t stir any annoying attention and meddling as it definitely would at Hogwarts. He was
not in the mood to be questioned on his decisions on this. But, if he really, honestly decided
not to go back, he would need help. There was no way he would be able to master the whole
material in self-study, and he somehow really wanted those NEWTs, whether they were
needed or not.
Perhaps he should also look for a book on careers in the Wizarding World? He hadn’t much
of a clue what choices there actually were, it had always been somewhat expected of him to
follow in his father’s footsteps. Only, becoming an auror didn’t sound all that interesting to
Harry anymore ever since he started working at Bandy-Legs and found himself exposed to so
many new experiences. Although, he had to admit he hadn’t questioned the career chosen for
him before, had just gone along with it as he had with so many other things. So maybe he
shouldn’t point fingers there. But no more. Maybe Remus would be willing to help him cram
if he actually decided to leave Hogwarts…
“Young Miss, if I may,” a gentle voice interrupted Harry’s thoughts and he jumped in place.
There finally was a shop keeper, it seemed, and looking at him Harry felt strongly reminded
of Remus. And not only because this man was clearly a werewolf himself - he had met
enough to notice the signs easily by now.
“I’m sorry,” he flustered, realising his position sat there in the middle of the store reading
books he hadn’t paid for. “I didn’t mean to-”
“I could conjure you a chair, if you would prefer so. There really is no need for you to ruin
your pretty clothes on my dusty floors,” the man smiled at him in a way that again reminded
Harry of Remus Lupin.
There was something scholarly about him, in his manner, the way he dressed, even in the
absolute calm he seemed to project. Yet Harry was very much aware of the underlying
lycanthropic magic, the powerful wolf that ruled both men’s lives once a month… and in
Remus’ case sadly also outside of the full moon. Yeah, he could see why his former professor
would recommend this store, if this man was the owner.
“Are you sure?” Harry questioned a little embarrassed, only to blush abruptly as he noticed
he couldn’t get up as easily as he had expected. His slim-fitted skirt was restricting his
movement a lot more than he had realised before; there would be no getting up without
pulling himself up on the shelf he was sitting next to.
“Certainly, little Miss,” the friendly voice sounded a bit amused and a hand, not calloused but
definitely strong, appeared in his line of sight. “Let me help you up. The name’s Lycus Job
(*),” he introduced himself as he pulled Harry up with a careful tug, stepping out of his
personal space the moment he regained his footing.

Harry muttered a soft thank you while patting down his troublesome skirt.
“If you want to stay out of that heat to read for a bit, the light’s best over there. You’ll have a
nice view of the street, too,” Mr. Job nodded over to a wide window Harry hadn‘t even
registered before.
He felt a bit discomfited being caught out like that, but hey, that skirt totally had it out for
him! Anyway, here he was, going out because of a reading-induced headache finding himself
back in a book shop. Reading. Hermione would be so proud.
“Thank you, but I really don’t want to impose,” Harry added, still a bit flustered.
“It is no matter, little Miss,” Mr. Job smiled, before turning and going over to where Harry
had piled his chosen books. “I do enjoy my quiet, but you don’t appear all that disruptive,
now, do you?” He bent down and hefted the books into his arms to bring them over to the
window.
“O-Okay,” Harry agreed, taking a deep breath to regain his equilibrium. “But please tell me
when you need me to leave, Sir,” he insisted.
Lycus Job chuckled quietly at that and Harry watched him conjure a nice stuffy armchair next
to the window but still shielded from the blazing sun.
“It’s Lycus, little Miss,” he corrected gently and Harry felt himself blush hotly again.
“Harley!” He blurted. “I-I mean… how rude of me. I’m Harley,” he stuttered, feeling ready to
hit himself. Being out of Bandy-Legs really put a damper on his self-confidence it seemed.
Harry slowly made his way over to the nice chair Lycus had conjured for him, being mindful
of possible obstacles his eyes might register too late.
“Make yourself at home, Miss Harley,” Lycus nodded. “I’ll be in the back if you’ve need of
me.”
And just like that Harry found himself sitting in the peaceful niche by the window, his books
stacked neatly beside him, and the sound of the shop owner rummaging in the back acting the
only soundtrack.
He sighed contentedly and leaned back. However he would decide on the Hogwarts issue,
graduation, and the whole she-bang, he would not let Dumbledore interfere with his summer.
It was his very first summer in freedom, there was no way he would let anyone take that
away from him.
And if he rubbed at his faded scar in the dark of his bedroom at night, searching for that
something that used to be there, no one had to know.

Chapter End Notes

(*) Lycus: Latinized form of the Greek name Λυκος (Lykos) meaning "wolf". Ain’t I
creative today? ;)
(*) Job: Not talking about a job, but the biblical mention. I think it’s from the Hebrew
name ‫'( ִא ּיֹוב‬Iyyov) which means "persecuted, hated". In the Book of Job in the Old
Testament he is a righteous man who is tested by God, enduring many tragedies and
hardships while struggling to remain faithful. Reminded me of the woes of werewolves
under Ministry reign.
Say, what do you think about some character bashing?
The whole setting basically screams for it, but I’m not sure if I can pull it off. At the
very least there will be some more critical commentary concerning characters like
Dumbledore and the Wizarding World as a whole, but bashing in my opinion is a bit
more than that. So, what do you think?

Chapter 16: Stumbling
Chapter Notes

We all seemed mostly on the same page when it comes to what is generally called
bashing. So, decision: Unless the story somehow develops in that direction (which I
don’t see as of yet, but who knows), there won’t be bashing per se. We WILL have more
critical commentary.
If something appears to be bashing at first glance, don’t despair, there is probably a good
reason for it, and everything will explain itself at some point. ;)
Aqua_Lilly and SquishySkeebo ? It's finally time!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Only Knuts. He could have laughed himself silly if it hadn’t been such a sad thing for the
owner of the shop. How was he surviving on that miniscule a profit?
The time spent at Lycus Job’s store had been a refreshing change of pace, not to mention very
enlightening. Harry had lost himself in books over tea for a while. There had only been one
other customer that he took note of and the man had only hurried in and out, apparently
picking up a pre-made order. The sun had managed a good chunk of its way across the sky
before he resurfaced from the written world. It was to Lycus preparing a fresh cup of tea for
Harry and sitting down across from him. That had been somewhat awkward, to be the one
served considering his job and experiences growing up, but there was something about
Lycus…
They had chatted amiably over nothing and everything for a while – that is, after Harry
calmed his racing heart and told himself firmly not to be such a scaredy-kneazle. Just because
Remus had recommended this shop, and the owner just so happened to be another werewolf,
didn’t mean his disguise was busted. Though, Lycus being a werewolf probably meant he
could smell the truth just as much as Harry’s friends back at Bandy-Legs could. Not that
anyone had mentioned it, but the way they sometimes looked at him… well.
At one point Harry even randomly inquired about a book on cosmetic charms such as teeth
whitening, hiding blemishes, (nail) colour changing, and the like. He remembered Madam
Primpernelle mentioning something along those lines and couldn’t help but wonder.
“Now, I don’t have the fancy new kind,” Lycus had said, looking thoughtful for a moment,
“But I remember my mother used to have a booklet with all her nifty charms…,” he trailed
off, looking around the shop in a way that suggested he expected his mother’s charms
collection to appear out of nowhere …or form itself from the accumulated dust motes.
Harry’s eyes went wide.

“Oh, I wouldn’t want to take an heirloom-”
“That is quite alright, Miss Harley,” Lycus interrupted with a half-smile before standing and
starting to peruse the shelves. “My mother is long gone and it would make me happy to know
that little treasure of hers was still useful.”
Harry had watched the man wander ever deeper into the shop while muttering to himself.
Now the booklet of the late Mrs. Job was safely tucked away under Harry’s pillow to be
carefully studied late at night (when he wasn’t likely to get caught- err… interrupted.. oh
whatever). The man might have meant it as a present, but Harry had sworn to himself to
simply keep it safe for when Lycus one day had children of his own.
But the afternoon with the friendly store owner had taught him a lot more than possibly nifty
beautifying spells. What Harry learned that day was not only knowledge hidden between
dusty pages of books. No, talking to Lycus had provided him with insight on the issues he
had noticed in passing ever since coming to live directly in the Wizarding World. Working at
Bandy-Legs and listening to the patrons there could only teach him so much, after all. And
Harry felt it would have been beyond rude to question certain customers about their heritage
and how the Ministry mistreated them for it, no matter how insanely curious he was.
Lycus, however, had no such qualms once he realised Harry knew what he was and had not
run for the hills: Creatures, werewolves especially, were not only prevented from owning a
vault or being properly employed. No, they were also forbidden from renting or even buying
a place in Wizarding Britain.
Harry had thought Remus lived in the Muggle World for financial reasons, but the truth of the
matter was that he wouldn’t even be allowed to rent a small flat in the wizarding part of the
country if he owned all the Galleons in Gringotts. Technically not even in Knockturn,
although it was an open secret that the people there sometimes rented out to wolves, if never
for long periods of time. So, werewolves in general had no way of staying in the Wizarding
World permanently.
The Ministry was banning and shunning creatures on all fronts, yet for the most of them they
did it through more subtle ways. Ways that weren’t likely to even be noticed by the general
public. Obviously they had no reason to hide their disgusting actions when concerning
werewolves as lycanthropes especially were publicly reviled after the war(s). Those like
Greyback, living up to every cliché and openly siding with Voldemort, had ruined the
perception of their entire species.
Another restriction, this one on creatures in general (and damn if Harry wasn’t curious about
how ‘creature’ was defined in this context), was being unable to inherit or uphold any titles.
Had Harry not talked to Lycus, it wasn’t likely he would ever have learned of this kind of
oppression. The werewolf only managed to live the way he did because he had inherited the
small building his store was located in before he was turned – and because very few had
become aware of his lycanthropic affliction. He wasn’t turning much of a profit, in fact, it
was only just enough to survive on, as Harry had surmised.

Not that Lycus had told him such directly, but comments about him being lucky because he
didn’t have any rent to pay, or how fortunate it was that wizarding homes didn’t have to pay
for water and heating, told their own story. Harry wasn’t sure how those worked here, but
considering heating spells and Aguamenti were a thing, he could make an educated guess.
Maybe it had something to do with runes?
So now here he was with stacks upon stacks of books that only cost him a few Knuts a piece
and his head full of thoughts on the unfairness creatures had to live with every day. It wasn’t
right and Harry didn’t want to believe all wizards would stand behind these restrictions if
they were made aware. If he started to believe that… No, he couldn’t go down this kind of
road right now.
Turning back to his books, Harry concentrated on one specific insult. He was sure Hermione
would have felt just as miffed as he currently did, on both accounts, though Harry felt more
insulted on Lycus’ behalf than the books’: The absolute lack of regard wizards had towards
second-hand materials if they didn't happen to be priceless heirlooms. Ridiculous, they didn’t
do updating, but buying second-hand was also frowned upon. It was a shame and Harry felt
bad for paying next to nothing, but it did come in handy for him at the moment.
On his way home, slightly high on how little he had actually needed to pay for all his books,
he had indulged in a trunk. Now all his beautiful new clothes were carefully stowed away in
the magical space – magical meaning that, even though it was only a basics version, it had
two and a half compartments that never would have fit in a non-magical trunk: One with a
few different sections to stow clothes that weren’t in danger of creasing, also storing Harry’s
shoes, and a second to hang up his dresses, skirts and silk blouses. The ‘half a compartment’
was basically a sectioned drawer now holding a few odds and ends. It still meant he had no
place for his books, but the next bigger edition would have cost a whole ten Galleons more…
Maybe he should start reading up on expansion charms and try one on his satchel. Better not
tamper with the magic on his brand-new trunk, he was quite fond of the spelled water
resistance, and rather relished the so-called 'feather-weight'.
With a somewhat exasperated sigh he got up and started looking through all those wonderful
clothes, running his fingers giddily over satiny fabrics. Circe, his wardrobe really did look
like that of a (very feminine) girl now. His one lonely pair of jeans was so worn out, he
wouldn’t even be comfortable wearing it un-transfigured now. And it wasn’t only the worn
thin material and the permanent stains, no, there was more than one hole lingering that
resisted a Reparo. One especially had decided to appear precariously situated on his backside
and that was when Harry finally relented and cast the garment aside. Perhaps he could
repurpose it somehow...
Then again, he had more than enough other clothes now and he couldn’t dress as Harry Potter
at the moment anyway - also, he just didn’t want to. Smiling, Harry thought about Harley’s
outfit for the night, fingers tracing along the soft fabrics once more and admiring the feeling.
Then his glance dropped down to where his new shoes were lined up, an impression of a
certain excursion popping into his mind.
“If the shoe fits, strut,” said the George of his memory as he slid some kind of strappy heel
on Harry’s foot.

He didn’t really like the style, it looked more like a death trap being attached to his innocent
foot, but that wasn’t what mattered about this moment. George was gazing up at him with
such a Look… Harry couldn’t put it into words, but it wasn’t any way he had ever been
looked at before.
He didn’t end up buying the high-heeled death trap, and he didn’t exactly enjoy shopping for
footwear anywhere close as much as he had enjoyed modelling for the twins. A lot of the
shoes had been so Merlin-be-damned clunky, there was simply no way Harry would be
wearing them – and not just because they would be impractical at work, but because he was
unwilling to lug around so much extra weight.
Still, that day Harry had ended up buying more than the planned-for pair of light-weight
canvas sneakers that he would be able to dye different colours with a spell. No, he personally
also decided on something called ballet flats as a simple way of compromising between
wizard and muggle style that would suit his skirts. A pair of actual sandals also found its way
into his overflowing shopping bags. He had kept away from anything with a heel, too tired at
that moment to learn walking on them – and maybe too embarrassed. George and Fred had
tried, but Harry had persisted. It wouldn’t be comfortable to work with heels anyway.
Still, he could basically smell the mischief when the twins had finally acquiesced… And
right he was. Unpacking and resizing his many bags when he returned to his small room at
Bandy-Legs, Harry had found a lot more than his sensible choices: There was a pair of what
he thought the very nice shop assistant had called Dr. Martens boots with some sort of
flowery print, one pair of unfortunately heeled shoes that he, with a shudder, even
specifically remembered. The enthusiastic young man helping the trio around the shop had
said something about a ‚Marie Antoinette style’. Apparently, Muggles these days had a thing
for this form of more or less historically accurate footwear. Harry had thought the so-called
‘Fluevogs’ in ‘Marie Antionette style’ looked suspiciously like the footwear he had seen
peeking out from under some of the robes of the more… elderly … wizards around Diagon
Alley. Yeah. No. He was rather sure the twins had only bought those for the laughs, not to
mention: heels. He was not sure he could do this. Nor did he really want to. (*)
Talking about heels, Fred and George had managed to one-up even the ugly historic shoes,
though Harry secretly didn’t have anything against the look of the knee-high platforms he
had found at the very bottom of the bag. In fact, he had blushed quite fiercely imagining
wearing these shoes when next he met the twins…
Putting ever more work into his disguise the further along the summer went was soothing in a
way. It assured him that he wouldn’t be recognised, even if the unthinkable happened and one
of the Order made their way to Bandy-Legs. Yeah, doing it to further his disguise was a nice
excuse for more girly styling and changing outfits unnecessarily (even if part of him insisted
that it wasn’t unnecessary if the other blouse simply looked prettier to that specific skirt).
Snorting softly to himself, Harry admitted, if only in his own mind, that he had come to
honestly enjoy being Harley and dressing up just because he could.
“You have your secrets, and I have mine,” Treasach stated mysteriously as Harry sat with him
during a lull in the early hours of the night.

He liked sitting with his serpentine friend, feeling the soothing waves of the man’s magic
wrap in gentle ribbons around him. There was never a need to fill the silence with words
when he spent time with Treasach. It may mean that Harry didn’t really know all that much
about the Donas as a person, but if his summer experiences had taught him anything, it was
to listen to and to trust his magic. Harry’s magic incidentally very much appreciated
Treasach’s presence, always calming him down from the stress of the job or the paranoia that
came with being who he was. All the more surprising was the sudden non sequitur.
“Huh?” Was Harry’s highly eloquent answer. It earned him an upturn of his friend’s lips
before those slitted eyes pinned him into place with an unreadable look.
“It is as I said before,” Treasach finally continued in that quiet and rumbly voice of his. “You
are not alone anymore and I think soon you will truly know what that means.”
That said, accompanied with another soft caress of the man’s magic, Treasach left Harry to
his confusion. Harry wouldn’t see him for a while after this conversation, but that’s another
story to tell another time.
This evening Bandy-Legs seemed to be unusually empty. Which was not to say there weren’t
any patrons, but it certainly wasn’t the same raucous atmosphere Harry by now was used to.
More or less anyway. Treasach had left the pub shortly after their little chat, if one could call
it that, and Harry hadn’t seen his favourite pack of werewolves yet, but he could make out
some of the older patrons. These people were all more the ‘here to chat’-type than the ‘here
to drink’-type and generally didn’t create even half as much noise as the younger clientele
whenever they frequented Bandy-Legs.
Considering the state his rather hung-over boss was still in, Harry preferred it that way. But it
did make for a few awkward moments in-between re-filling glasses and chatting a bit with
the more friendly customers. It wasn’t like he could spend more than a few minutes on
cleaning up a mess or similar matters what with magic on his side before the need to occupy
himself with something else arose. As welcoming as the people here had been, this was still
Knockturn Alley and doing things the muggle way if you had the magic to avoid as such…
Well, it wasn’t exactly something one wanted to be seen doing all that often. In a place like
this abstaining from using magic, as Harry had learned early on, implied either a lack of skill
or a lack of magic itself. Both of which were not particularly wanted at Knockturn. Also, it
was basically screaming ‘easy victim’.
He was just going over the books in an attempt to look busy, trying to remember all Fergus
had taught him about accounting, when it happened. The din of voices in the pub was low
enough with only the calmer and somewhat more serene customers present, so the awful
creaking sound of the swinging doors was easy to make out from across the parlour.
Instinctively Harry glanced up, prepared to greet whoever had made their way in. Instead, his
heart skipped a beat.
“Well, brother-mine, what say you?”
“I say I’d be a bit disappointed if it wasn’t for our sweet bonfire fairy behind that bar over
there.”

“Her presence just adds this touch of wickedness, doesn’t it?”
“Wicked Harls.”
“Beautiful Ley.”
They bowed in unison before confidently making their way over.
“Can’t get enough of that, we can’t,” they chorused, successfully having drawn the whole
pub’s attention when they reached the counter - and a deeply blushing Harry.
Fred and George were at Bandy-Legs, and Harry was honestly debating transfiguring himself
into one of the floorboards and pretend to be part of the decor. This could not end well. But
instead of moving even a single muscle, Harry could only watch wide-eyed as the twins made
their way across the room, moving around any obstacle expertly in a way that spoke of
experience he couldn’t quite name in that moment. It was only seconds before a roguishly
smirking Fred propped his forearms on the bar counter leaning towards him, his brother
mimicking the position but with his back towards Harry. It struck him then that the twins for
all their flirtatious antics were very much aware of their surroundings. They knew exactly
where they were and how the appearance of obvious Light wizards (Weasley’s simply are too
recognisable) might be received.
“What are you doing here?” Harry hissed at them, trying to keep his voice as soft as possible
yet still conveying his ire.
What the twins were doing was simply irresponsible and dumb and so bloody dangerous!
Didn’t they realise that even though they might watch their backs, it didn’t truly matter with
most of the more menacing patrons here?! They didn’t need to be Death Eaters to be a threat!
These people visited a pub at Knockturn for a reason and George and Fred were part of a
very well-known family. A family famous for their steadfast opposition to anything Dark.
And according to Knockturn grapevine the Ministry’s stand at the moment basically called
anything not a full-blooded, Light-oriented human, Dark! Seriously, Kingsley needed to get
his wits together.
“Well,” Fred drawled, eying what he could make out of Harry’s legs from his position.
“…thought that would be obvious,” George added, throwing a casual wink over his shoulder
before resuming his watching of the parlour.
“…considering you’re here,” Fred continued, letting his smouldering gaze drag from Harry’s
legs upwards along his nicely accentuated waist and over the modestly high-necked collar of
his new summer dress. “Didn’t we promise a visit to our beloved ‘waitress with the kick-ass
reputation’?”
Harry’s answering glower didn’t seem to have the desired effect as he could clearly see
Fred’s lips twitch in amusement… Speaking of, he had never noticed the sensual tilt to those
lips before, how strange, had they always looked like this? Always been shaped so… so…
Blinking rapidly when he caught up with his ridiculous thoughts, Harry forced himself to

concentrate on the words actually falling from those sensual, luscious, tempting… errr…
from Fred’s completely normal and very ordinary lips.
“Is it really all that surprising that we simply enjoy being with you?”
Before Harry could react to that outrageous statement, George added his two Knuts as he
turned to give the disguised boy his own once-over. Though, maybe that should be called a
twice-over as his leering gaze dragged itself from the crown of Harry’s head down to his feet
encased in the aforementioned Dr. Martens boots – and back up again.
“That and we really wanted to see what you made of those outfits we went shopping for the
other day.” He smirked at Harry’s continued fumbling for words and added: “I see you
couldn’t resist the boots.”
“They are awesome, aren’t they?” Fred cheerily, and quite frankly way too excitedly for the
topic, blurted as he leaned forwards and overtop the counter to look at Harry’s feet.
The gleeful excitement finally had Harry snapping back into present, his heart rate calming
down to somewhat normal, though he could still feel the adrenaline rushing in his veins.
What did Fred mean ‘they simply enjoyed being with him’? If that didn’t sound like the
setting of some elaborate prank... No, no he couldn’t think like this. They wouldn’t do
something like this to him. Still, the twins really shouldn’t have come here“And just what are you?”
The voice of Fergus Wanlockhead was dark and menacing as he loomed over the two
Weasleys from behind. Even though the twins had grown quite tall over the last summer,
Fergus still had enough inches on them that they would have to look up at him.
Up close as he was Harry watched the slight widening of Fred and George’s eyes when they
realised, they had presented the whole of the pub their unprotected back for the last few
minutes. Well, Harry would have warned them or even protected them, if anyone had tried
anything – but they couldn’t know that for sure. After all, he was just sweet little Harley to
them. As they turned, Harry had trouble keeping a straight face. Fergus’ generally forbidding
presence wasn’t made any less intimidating by the dark circles under his eyes. Those, as well
as a fierce headache causing a perpetual frown, were remnants of his latest hangover… but
the twins didn’t know that either.
“Good sir!” Fred greeted jovially, but Harry knew him too well to be fooled.
“A pleasant evening, isn’t it?” George added in a similar tone of voice, but again, Harry
heard more than the light-hearted front.
The owner of Bandy-Legs eyed the redheads harassing his waitress with furrowed brows.
They didn’t look like the general folk frequenting his pub, but Harry knew the man would
never dismiss a possible threat on grounds of looks. No, their appearance might only be
coincidence, but their behaviour towards Harry was very much suspicious considering
‘Harley’ had never received any visits before. So, instead of verbally acknowledging the
twins, Fergus Wanlockhead made an abrupt gesture with his hands and the wards on the pub

froze the two interlopers in place. Then he glared at Harry with a raised eyebrow that was as
much questioning as it was challenging. Were the two bothering him or could he vouch for
them?
Staring back at his boss a little wide-eyed, Harry made a split-second decision. No, neither of
the twins was bothering him in the way Fergus thought they might. But could he really vouch
Fred and George wouldn’t, in whatever way, disrupt the goings-on at Bandy-Legs?
Well, these were the infamous Weasley twins, pranksters supreme, so, nooo… he could not
promise they would behave. But… really, if any of the patrons got caught in a prank, in a
place like this, it was their own damn fault. Harry, as an employee, might be moderately safe
inside the wards, but as previous encounters had shown, he still needed to defend himself
from anything physical. Anyone not keyed into the wards was fair game. And everyone knew
that.
So, Harry shrugged and subtly shook his head, indicating just as silently that George and Fred
were not a threat. At least not to him, anyway. With a grunt of his boss Harry watched
movement return to his friends and was half expecting disaster. But, very much to his
surprise, the twins simply rolled their shoulders experimentally before formally addressing
one Fergus Wanlockhead.
“We apologise for any unintentional…,” Fred started.
“…disruption of your établissement,” George continued and Harry goggled slightly at the
unexpectedly accurate pronunciation of a French term. “We certainly did not intent…”
“…to cause undue reservations,” Fred ended and Harry felt like groaning at the very
intentional emphasize on certain words. He could already smell mischief. Again.
Fergus Wanlockhead stared at the two redheaded terrors for a moment longer, before snorting
in what might have been disgusted amusement.
“Get a drink,” he advised them gruffly and added: “We don’t do on the house.”
That said, the owner of Bandy-Legs turned and left to his favourite gambling table further in
the back. Harry could feel the magical presences of some of the more notorious patrons back
there and decided to go round for drink orders in a few minutes.
“What a courteous chap,” George mused, turning back to Harry, though his eyes followed
Fergus across the parlour.
“Quite,” Harry drawled, and then sighed. “Alright, spill. What’s this about?”
Faking hurt, Fred dramatically clutched at his chest, and mimicked falling onto one of the bar
stools. George, though, finally looked back at Harry, a thoughtful little crease appearing
between his brows. For a second he felt like the proverbial potion ingredient under a master’s
inspection, then the moment was gone and George graced him with a warm smile.

“Good evening to you too, Harls. How have you been? I think, two butterbeers will do for
now, thanks.”
Harry glowered again, but then decided George’s smile was disturbing, and turned to get the
ordered beverages.

Of course, it were his werewolf friends that made the situation simultaneously worse and
better. A good hour and a half after George and Fred had arrived, time they exclusively spent
at the bar watching Harry go about his work and chatting with him, the small pack arrived in
their usual boisterous fashion.
“Harley-bunny!”
“Sweetheart of my furry existence!”
“…Firewhiskey, please?”
It was a disaster in slow-motion watching the twins turn and take in the four werewolves just
marching into the pub like they owned the place. Harry could see Fred cock his head, could
make out George raising an eyebrow, then both turned to each other, a silent conversation
obviously taking place. And then their eyes were on him.
Instead of answering the unasked question, Harry quickly concentrated on his other friends,
watching as they sat down at their usual table near the door. He had the firewhiskey out
before either twin could comment and was charming the tumbler glasses spill-safe. Not that
the pub was even half as packed as that first day all those weeks ago when his boss had
intentionally pushed him right into the deep end. But he knew Faolán and his three pack
mates – if anything could end up on the floor, be it the drinks or even one of them, then it
would. (*)
“Who’re your friends, sweet one?” The lone female wolf of the pack, Chloe, questioned as
Harry presented their table with the first round.
“Yes,” George’s voice sounded out of nowhere, causing all of the wolves and Harry to tense
up in surprise, “Who are your friends, sweet one?” He drawled, a strangely dangerous edge to
his voice as his arm casually draped itself around Harry’s waist.
There was a pause. The air felt charged with tension as the two groups scrutinised each other.
Harry wanted to kick George.
“Well,” Faolán, alpha, finally spoke up, “Have a seat, drink with us. Maybe join us for a
game or two.” Then, leaning forward, he added with a smirk: “Say, fancy a flutter?”
That statement set the pace for the rest of the night. The twins started an elaborate game of
maybe-poker with Faolán’s pack, while Harry worked and tried not to think about how much
firewhiskey he had already brought to the table. The twins were hell-bent on keeping up with
the wolves and seemed to completely dismiss the advantage lycanthropy was in this case.

They really should know better. Harry distinctly remembered Sirius trying to out-drink
Remus during a holiday that they had all spent together at Grimmauld Place. The less said
about the result the better, Remus certainly had had fun. Well, at least until the next day when
Sirius wouldn't stop whining at them all.
At one point the six of them migrated to the larger table in the back where Fergus and his
friends were gambling the night away. Bandy-Legs had cleared out by that time, the group in
the back being the last. It meant Harry could clean up the counter and the few tables that had
been occupied through the night, before going back there with more drinks. He attempted to
leave out the twins as he refilled glasses, but as inebriated as they were, Fred and George still
noticed.
“Ah, mo nighean mhaiseach,” old Ruaidh laughed at him as the twins protested loudly,
proclaiming broken hearts dramatically, “Let the lads have some fun.”
Harry wasn’t so sure this was all in good fun, he would have to be blind to not notice the
competitive vibe between Fred, George, and the wolves. His boss and his accomplices…
err… friends simply enjoyed the show, knowing all too well how this would end in the
morning. Now that he thought about it, maybe the twins hadn’t realised who they were
attempting to drink under the table? A tug on his hand just as he was about to turn away had
Harry yelping as he lost his balance. There was laughter and in the next moment he found
himself sitting slightly askew across Fred’s lap.
“Wha-”
Harry was about to protest, for a moment uncomfortably reminded of a similar situation, but
the intense look in Fred’s eyes stopped him in his tracks. The deep blue gaze was slightly
bleary, but there was also something so very gentle there… And was that recognition? No,
no, no that could not be“Be my lucky charm, please?”
Harry blinked. The voice had rumbled in the surprisingly broad chest he was leaning against,
warm arms had instinctively wound their way around him, keeping him as much seated as
they kept him from losing his balance again. He felt the eyes of most of the game’s
participants on him as heat rose high in his cheeks. He darted a quick glance at George, not
sure what he had expected, but it certainly wasn’t the curious mix of barely hidden jealousy
and contentment.
Taking a shaky breath, Harry looked back at Fred and gave him a single nod in answer. And
though Harry submitted to his strangely comfortable fate, trying in vain not to shift too much
in place, he was at all times aware of Fergus Wanlockhead keeping a close eye on Fred’s
hands.
In the small hours of the morning Harry waved goodbye to the swaying forms of Fred and
George, not even wanting to imagine Molly’s reaction to her sons playing whatever in a bar
in Knockturn and getting completely pissed. And Molly Weasley would find out. Yeah, no.
That was not something he wanted to be present for.

“The two fancy-pants left their ridiculous vests,” his boss’ gruff voice spoke up from the
back of the bar.
“Oh, I’ll go. If I hurry, I can still catch them,” Harry decided, already summoning said items.
“Back in a sec!”
And out he was, following after the twins to hand them their garishly coloured clothes.
Seriously, what had those two been thinking when they commissioned these? Because that’s
what the vests had to be, specifically commissioned for the insane Weasley twins. There was
simply no way that had been on sell in an actual store. Then again, this was the Wizarding
World…
The street was very dark. To Harry it had never really sunken in what a difference the lack of
electricity could actually make. Knockturn Alley at night, and he supposed any other magical
district as well, was literally dark as night, or as dark as night should be. Harry had never
truly realised how much light pollution there really was in the Muggle World. The only
reason he could even discern where he was going was because the looming buildings stood in
stark relief against the starlit night sky.
Turning a corner, he still breathed a sigh of relief as a few sparse gas lanterns came into view.
Though, the eerie green light they were emitting was casting ominous flickering shadows
along the cobblestone and towering walls. Alright, this was creepy. Nearly facepalming when
he realised that he could simply use a Lumos, Harry was just about to cast the spell when he
heard it.
Sounds of a struggle, the slurred voices of the twins. He was running before he completely
registered what he was hearing.
“Bloody Gryffindors, think they can just flounce down Knockturn without consequences,” a
harsh voice he didn’t recognise muttered.
“Whatcha think they were doing here?” Another voice, this one slightly higher, answered as
Harry reached the last corner between him and what sounded like an ambush.
He shouldn’t have let George and Fred walk home in the condition they were in. He could
have just as easily painted the targets on their backs himself.
“Don’t care, but I do know they’re gonna regret ever stepping a foot into the district.”
Peeking around the corner, Harry squinted to make out if there were more than the two
assailants he could hear. To his luck the two were either rather dumb or they did not expect
anyone in Knockturn Alley to actually care about what they were doing – they were standing
right in front of one of the eerie lanterns. The struggling heap on the floor had to be the twins,
but he couldn’t see whether they had been spelled that way or if they were simply too drunk
to get up on their own.
“How about we start with some blood burning, cooking you inside out, huh, Weasleys?” One
baited, but whatever the twins answered was drowned out by the other’s question.

“Why not a Crucio?”
“Mate, I don’t want any aurors on our tail!”
“Oh yeah… but I want at least one Entrail-Expelling Curse in there. Let’s see how funny they
think they are when dangling from their intestines.”
The casual way they talked about their plans turned Harry’s stomach. Not wanting to wait for
them to actually start cursing, he acted. It was a Gryffindor move, but there was no time to
plan. One second he was trying to make out his targets, the next he was already moving.
“STUPEFY!” The flash of light arced brightly across the street, hitting the one currently
holding the twins at wandpoint dead on. Harry dived and rolled. “STUPEFY!” And there
went the second.
Staying crouched for a second longer, Harry eyed the downed men suspiciously. That... had
been too easy. But they were properly stunned, not moving an inch, and the twins were still
struggling to get up.
So, Harry carefully made his way over, wand at the ready, but everything seemed to be clear.
One last glance and he kneeled down to assess what was wrong with Fred and George. They
were bound with conjured rope that he easily cut through, listening to the twins curse up a
storm. A slightly trembling breath left him. He wasn’t sure they had even truly
comprehended what had just nearly happened.
Heaving George to his feet, Harry suddenly felt it.
But it was already too late.
His last thought before everything went dark had him wondering how by Merlin’s saggy third
ball he ended up in this strange situation of reversed damsel in distress…

Chapter End Notes

(*) Remember: 90s fashion.
(*) Faolán means "little wolf", derived from Gaelic fáel "wolf" combined with a
diminutive suffix …I think.
(*) "mo nighean mhaiseach", Gaelic for 'my pretty/beautiful girl'

Chapter 17: Wa(n)king
Chapter Notes

(you have no idea how often I checked that I didn't misspell the title... until I just gave in
errr up)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

The first thing he noticed was the scent.
Breathing in, Harry could tell he was not in his bed at Bandy-Legs, not on his cot at Privet
Drive, not in the hospital wing of Hogwarts, and also not in his four-poster bed in the
Gryffindor dormitory. A small voice in the back of his head also assured him that he was not
stuffed away in a dank and dark cupboard.
Keeping his breathing even and his body relaxed, Harry tried to identify his surroundings and
whether he was alone or not. Listening closely, he couldn’t hear anything moving at least, but
the scent kept pushing to the forefront of his mind. On closer inspection it wasn’t foreign, he
just couldn’t place it in his sleep-addled state. It was also rather nice actually… Mentally
shaking his head, he slowly spread his magic around the room, feeling along furniture and
walls, ‘tasting’ in a way that made no sense whenever he tried to put it into words. It was not
something he would have been able to do before this summer. When Harry felt no other
magical presences close by, he finally dared to open his eyes.
He was in a bedroom. Placed in the middle of an enormous, and surprisingly modern, bed.
This was not the style he was used to seeing in the Wizarding World, which was unsettling in
its own way andWHY ARE YOU WORRYING ABOUT YOU-KNOW-WHO?
-flashed in the corner of his eye and had Harry whipping his head around.
YOU SHOULD BE WORRYING ABOUT U-NO-POO THE CONSTIPATION SENSATION THAT'S GRIPPING THE NATION
What.
And suddenly it all came back: The twins visiting Bandy-Legs and getting so utterly pissed
they barely could walk by the time they finally left. Harry running after them because they
had left their ridiculous, and probably ridiculously expensive, vests behind. The ambush.
Harry stunning the attackers and then… then what? He remembered the sudden flare
registering on his magical radar, honed by his time getting along half-blind. But it had
already been too late and the twins had been too drunk to shield and… and some spell must
have hit him from behind.

Glancing back at the flashing, and very magical, advertisement, Harry suddenly had an
inkling just where he was. There weren’t many people around with this specific brand of
insanity errr… humour.
Getting up from the bed that had to belong to Fred or George, Harry patted himself down,
noting the horrendous state of his once-pretty summer dress. The skirt was ripped at one side
and there were large dirt marks from his dive-and-roll around the street. The sight nearly
brought tears to his eyes, but he clamped down on the urge to immediately try and save the
garment. First his wand, then the twins, then whatever came next.
Resolutely ignoring his state of dress, Harry followed the tug of his magic and found his
wand on the bedside table – stumbling over his shoes on the way. So obviously someone,
hopefully the twins, had brought him here, had taken enough care to put him to bed and take
his shoes off. He could only hope they hadn’t tried to make him comfier otherwise…
That taken care of, he braced himself and peeked out of the only door he could find. It led
into a moderately sized …war zone? No, no he supposed this was meant to be a living room
as there was a comfy looking couch, but holy Kneazle-poop, this was a complete hazard of a
living space!
Oh and there were the twins, snoring away in a jumble of limbs on the aforementioned couch.
Daring himself to step out into the utterly cluttered space, Harry took a more careful look
around now that he knew where Fred and George were at. Squinting past all the odds and
ends and stacked boxes, he made out rather nice wood flooring and walls painted in a pale
sea green. There was also a fireplace half buried beneath soot, what appeared to be a
bathroom next to the bedroom, and a small arch leading into a kitchen that was giving off a
very questionable smell. At the other end of the room he thought he could make out one more
door, but his eyes weren’t up to the challenge and he wasn’t sure traipsing through this mess
on his own would be wise.
This had to be the twins’ flat, 93 Diagon Alley: Weasley’s Wizard Wheezes, their joke shop.
Well, the shop would be on the ground floor. George and Fred had spent hours talking to
him… no, Harley about their store, but it hadn’t fully sunken in what it all meant. He knew
they had become quite successful with WWW, had even heard them talk about it to the
Goblins back at Gringotts. Yet it took actually standing in the midst of it to realise how far
those two had come. They were independent, free. …And they really had no housekeeping
skills whatsoever.
Glancing over at the still sleeping twins, Harry chewed on his lower lip nervously. He had no
idea what happened after he was hit with whatever spell knocked him out, but it looked like
Fred and George had taken care of everything and brought him here. He felt fine at least.
They even let him sleep in their bed and- Wait, was this the only bedroom?
Did that mean…
Blushing furiously, Harry turned and slipped into the ominously smelling kitchen. He
remembered all too well how much the twins had consumed last night, and also quite clearly
recalled the memory of the massive hangover Sirius once had nursed after attempting to drink
Remus under the table. There is no such thing as outdrinking werewolves. Stupid.

So he would let them sleep for now and maybe prepare a light breakfast as thanks for last
night- The kitchen was filthy. He wasn’t even going to try and identify what was growing on
the counter or living in the various cupboards. And he certainly was not even going to look at
that strange blob in the sink. Nope.
Drawing his wand and wishing for the awesome cleaning stuff he used at Bandy-Legs, Harry
went about vanishing everything that should not inhabit a kitchen. He was quite sure the
fungus beneath the small table had eyes, and couldn’t get the Scourgify out nearly fast enough
to get rid of any remnants. Mentally shoving up his non-existent sleeves, he worked his way
around the room, making liberal use of all the nifty spells he had picked up in the last weeks.
Only when he felt he could move around without anything trying to bite his ankles (or
growing on them, who knew with the twins), did Harry stop to think about his next steps.
There wasn’t much in the lonely cooling cupboard that looked still edible. In contrast to what
he thought used to be a couple apples, the eggs and flour seemed surprisingly save, as did the
sugar and salt. Although he wondered what most of these items were meant to do under
cooling charms. Now, if he could only get his hands on some milk…
As if on cue a chime sounded, startling Harry enough to nearly drop the stack of bowls he
had been inspecting. The aforementioned cooling cupboard flashed once and everything went
quiet again. Huh. His wand drawn and expecting the worst – who knew what concoctions and
experiments ran rampant here – he opened the door again. And blinked at the fresh jug of
milk. Well, if there were house-elves acting as laundry service, then why not have milk
magically delivered into your cupboard?

Some time later Harry was deeply immersed in making an ever-growing stack of pancakes,
his thoughts aimlessly drifting over all that had happened these last weeks leading up to him
standing in the Weasley twins’ kitchen making breakfast.
“Dumbledore’s farts, I’m having that dream again,” a sleep-roughened voice near-moaned
from behind him.
Jumping in place, shooting the latest pancake out of the pan right at the ceiling in a bout of
startled accidental magic, Harry spun in place. There was George, bare-chested and rumpled,
standing in the doorway. Harry could make out Fred just getting up from the couch himself,
groaning and holding his head in clear indication of a headache.
George stared a moment longer, eyes slightly unfocused yet very much riveted on Harry.
Maybe he was still half-convinced this was a dream, though why he would be dreaming of
Harry in his kitchen... He could feel himself colouring deeply when Fred turned into the
room, stopping at his brother’s shoulder in confusion, and then catching sight of Harry. There
was a stretched moment of silence, the air charged with… something.
SPLAT!
The pancake peeled itself off the ceiling and landed between the three staring parties.

“That’s the dream you’ve been going on about, brother-dearest?” Fred burst out laughing, his
voice reminding Harry of sandpaper it was so rough from last night’s shenanigans. “There
something you wanna tell me about that food kink?”
It wasn’t only Harry flushing at the statement, though he doubted George was blushing for
the same reasons. Seriously, no one’s voice should be allowed to sound so incredibly sexy
and the way those pyjama pants were riding low on freckled hips-… Suddenly he realised
what he was thinking and his heartrate spiked. How could he even entertain thoughts like
that? No matter how nice the two had been to Harley, they were operating on completely
wrong information. He was not the slightly mysterious waitress from a shady pub down
Knockturn Alley. He was not the fun-loving girl they liked to spend the day with, he was not
a girl at all even and… Harry jumped into motion, rushing to clean up the mess he had made
to escape his thoughts. The absurd urge to burst into tears yet again only added to his
bewildered uncertainty of the situation.
“Woo, hey,” Fred cried in surprise as Harry nearly skidded to his knees, completely forgoing
his wand as he tried to get the pancake off of the floor. “There’s no need for that… hey…”
Pushing passed his still slightly stunned brother, Fred crouched to Harry’s level and caught
his scrambling hands in his.
Harry’s breath hitched. When had it happened, when had he started to allow himself to think
of the twins in such a way? They would drop him the moment they realised the truth, or
probably even before that. He wouldn’t be the shiny new toy forever, at some point they
would have to realise how truly messed up and plain boring he was.
“Hey, Harley?” Fred tried to catch his gaze, but Harry wouldn’t meet his eyes. “Ignore my
loud mouth, please. Don’t worry over any strange things I might say, I’m just used to acting
the clown. Normally it puts people at ease, you know? Please, just… you don’t have to do
this, okay? Come on, have a seat at the table. Okay?”
It took a moment for Harry to realise Fred was babbling. It took a second longer to calm his
rapid heartbeat enough to realise that now both their hands were filled with pancake mush
and Fred was looking at him in apparent concern. There was something self-deprecating
taking root on the twin’s face and Harry didn’t like it. Fred and George Weasley should never
look like they doubted themselves, like they weren’t the most amazing kind of people.
Finally he nodded and let himself be guided to the small table in the kitchen. There he let
Fred further direct him to sit and even let him clean up their hands. Out of the corner of his
eye he saw George moving over to the stove, dousing the fire and bringing over the heaping
plate of finished pancakes. He was gifted one of George’s special reassuring smiles and asked
if he wanted coffee or tea. He hadn’t ever truly tried coffee and said so.
“Blasphemy!” They chorused, making him honest-to-Merlin giggle... utter a very manly
chuckle that was only disguised as a giggle because he was currently Harley.
“How very beastly of you,” Fred winked and got up to put on the kettle. “Then you simply
have to try this blend. Lee got us hooked when he brought it back from vacation in Ethiopia,”

he exclaimed and came back over to the table to hold out a jar full of whole coffee beans
towards Harry. “Take a whiff,” he urged.
Eying the dark beans for a moment, Harry mentally shrugged and complied. He blinked. That
smelled… pleasant. Tart and a touch bitter, but earthy as well and… was that a hint of
chocolate? He hadn’t realised his eyes were closed until he snapped them back open at the
twins’ snickering. Flushing yet again, Harry pulled away from the coffee.
“That,” George stated, eyes roving over Harry’s face with a somewhat hungry gaze, “Has got
to be the cutest reaction to coffee I’ve ever seen.”
“It just smells nice,” Harry muttered embarrassed, gaze going back to where Fred was filling
some of the beans into… what was that?
“A grinder specifically for coffee,” said twin explained and Harry realised he must have
asked out loud. “See that crank? It kind of activates a grinder in there and voilà, ground
coffee at your service. Though, I hear some muggles buy it already ground,” he added with a
shrug.
Harry watched with raised eyebrows as Fred went about explaining the coffee grinder and
making up three cups with a flourish. There was something about the whole act of brewing
coffee by hand, the preparation, the feeling the smell invoked, that called to Harry. How
strange. The Dursley's were all for pretending to favour tea as the apparently more
sophisticated option, never even bothered with so much as a coffee maker. Although Harry
suspected Vernon bought some on the go to work and he knew Aunt Petunia had a little jar of
instant coffee hidden in the back of a kitchen cabinet.
This, the whole procedure, even leaving out Fred's obvious dramatics, reminded him of the
affected tea making ritual his aunt would fall into when guests were around. Affected as in
the way she went about it, traditional… he wasn’t quite sure what feeling he was looking for.
Ceremonial maybe, but in Fred’s case it just felt like he was being extra to make Harry feel
special not to make himself look a certain way.
Then, over a breakfast of pancakes and hangover potion, the twins had him trying coffee in
different versions (pure, with milk, with sugar, with both, and even once with honey) until
Harry felt a very pressing need make itself known.
“You liked that?” George questioned suggestively as Harry sat down his empty cup with a
sigh.
“Very,” he agreed, wiggling slightly in place. He definitely needed the loo now.
“Then it’s good that you know us,” Fred wiggled his eyebrows in a way that gave Harry a
headache from looking at it. “You won’t find coffee in the Wizarding World, at least not in
Britain. Old farts all stuck in their way, they are,” he nodded sagely, before continuing:
“There’s even a legend to this specific blend of coffee… think it had something to do with a
king, a goat, and something called monks, right, Gred?”

But George wasn’t really paying attention to his twin, a fact that had Fred do a double take
before he realised what had caught his brother’s attention: Harry was shifting in place, eying
the arch leading towards the living room. There was a faint blush covering the bridge of his
nose as he nibbled on his lip.
He really, really needed the loo, but couldn’t bring himself to ask. It wasn’t as if he had any
experience in visiting a friend’s house! Sure, he had spent time at the Weasley’s before and
obviously used their bathroom, but this was different. He wasn’t currently living here and
somehow Harry thought there might be social cues he had to adhere to. Was it okay to simply
use the loo? Should he ask for permission first? But, asking for permission to use the loo felt
too much like school, and the twins certainly weren’t adults he was obligated to treat as
superiors, and…
“Harley?” His head snapped around to look at George and he was met with amused blue
eyes. “The bathroom’s the door next to the bedroom.”
Harry flushed even further. There was his answer, but now he felt incredibly stupid.
“Actually,” Fred interjected, eying Harry’s state of dress, “You should take a shower. Those
jerks ruined your pretty dress, but I’ll borrow you a jumper of mine, yeah?” This time the
wiggle of his eyebrows was all but lewd and Harry stared for a moment too long.
“Um, yeah… thanks?” He finally managed to peep, suddenly noting the frown George was
aiming at his brother. “I- I’ll just go now, okay? Okay.”
That said, Harry was out of the kitchen and in the bathroom fast enough to make himself
slightly dizzy. He closed the door and locked it securely - not that that would do much
without magic, but he trusted the twins. Well. He trusted them to have enough manners not to
barge in on who they thought was a girl while showering. Molly Weasley would have her
sons’ heads, if they ever dared something like that.
Right. Calm breaths.
Taking care of his business first, and avidly listening for any sign that the twins might not be
as honourable as he pegged them to be, Harry carefully took stock of his body. In the
confusion of waking up in an unexpected place, falling into the ingrained routine of cleaning
and cooking, and then being confronted with the lovely insanity that was Fred and George, he
had conveniently pushed aside any thoughts about why he was in this situation in the first
place. He hadn’t even asked the brothers what had happened after he had been hit with that
spell! The spell… Now that he thought about it, there was a twinge in his back.
Shedding the sad remnants of his summer dress, Harry turned to look at his back in the (very
nice indeed) floor-to-ceiling mirror on one wall. His skin was grimy in the places that had
touched the cobblestone street, excluding his hands. It was another ingrained habit to always,
and very meticulously, wash his hands before starting anything in the kitchen. Harry spared a
moment for a sarcastic little mental thanks to his neurotic aunt. But beneath the grime there
was quite the nasty bruise located on his lower back, spreading rather spectacularly up
towards his shoulder blades. Harry pinched the bridge of his nose. He hadn’t even noticed the

bruise before, but now that he was aware of it, there would be no ignoring the constant
twinges. Sure, he had had worse by far. But that didn’t mean he wanted to be in pain.

There was a shampoo potion in the shower that was apparently geared towards red hair. He
hadn’t known that was a thing, or even that one needed to differentiate between colours when
it came to hair care, but oh well. It was the only shampoo available to him right now and
there was no way he would go back to using soap on his hair. Madam Primpernelle would
suffer an aneurysm if he dared (and maybe, just maybe, he had become a little too vain for
that). The potion smelled like the bed he had woken up in, just without the musky note that
had lingered on the pillows. Harry blushed. This was how the twins always smelled and he
had come to very much like this scent.
Breathing deeply, Harry turned his face into the spray of water, enjoying the heat and steam
for long moments. He was at George and Fred’s flat, in their shower, using their shampoo,
and… well, the water really was very nice…
Harry’s mind started to wander, the intoxicating scent of the twins lingering around him. He
had woken up in a bed large enough to house more than one person easily… did they share?
Why would they? Interesting images rose from the recesses of his mind, thoughts circling
and questions giving way to indulgent fantasies. It wasn’t long before the rest of his body
took an avid interest. Drifting along with his fantasies, cushioned by the hot steam of the
shower, Harry let his hands wander with his thoughts…
Minutes later found him blushing furiously as he panted in the afterglow of the impromptu
wank. As he watched certain proof vanish down the drain, Harry had to admit to himself that
his feelings for the twins were a lost cause. He could not deny it any longer. No one had ever
made him feel the way Fred and George did, no one had ever invoked such reactions either.
Sure, as a teenage boy he had had wet dreams, had jerked himself off from time to time, but it
had never been to the thoughts of actual people. To be completely honest, he didn’t think he
had ever done anything else than concentrate on the feeling of his own hand. It wasn’t like it
took all that long to get off either, he was only 16 after all.
There had been the time when he had a crush on Cho Chang, but in hindsight that had been
such an innocent thing. Innocent and incredibly awkward. He had never even thought about
including her in any vague fantasy… and now he felt filthy for doing such with the twins.
How would they feel if they knew what he had just done? What would they think of their
little brother’s friend touching himself to fantasies of them? He suddenly experienced an
indistinct feeling of shame for using them in such a way, without their knowledge at that.
There was a loud knock on the door.
“Harley?” One of the twins called, the voice just distorted enough through the door to make
the difference between Fred and George hard to catch. “Are you done? I got some-” There
was a muffled thump and yelp before the voice corrected itself slightly irritated: “We got you
some clothes. Where do you want them?”

Oh yes, he was done. Definitely done in too many ways.
“P-put them in front of the door, please,” Harry called back, unnecessarily hiding his face in
mortification.
His voice sounded off to him, but what was a little squeak considering he had just wanked to
incestuous images of the blokes right outside the bathroom? His friends. Weasleys. He would
never be able to look Ron in the eyes again. Never mind Ron, what would Mrs. Weasley
say?!
Catching sight of his flushed face in the mirror, Harry squeezed his eyes shut. It was okay,
they would never have to know. He was Harley to them, not Harry. He wasn’t a boy to them
and one never suspected girls to have been masturbating in the shower of all things, if they
took a bit longer in the bathroom, right? Right. No, people always assumed girls took longer
because they were vain or something innocuous like that. Errr... End that thought right there.
What the fuzzy Kneazle, where was his mind wandering…
A few minutes later Harry had tamed his towel-dry hair into a messy bun and wrapped
himself up as much as he could in said towel. He opened the door just a smidgen, barely
enough to peek out, seek the small stack of clothes, and draw it inside before either George or
Fred even noticed. They had apparently decided on a pair of boxer shorts and a huge jumper.
Harry eyed the articles for a moment, knowing he could easily transfigure them to fit him, but
feeling strangely reluctant to do so. These were Fred and George’s clothes. They had worn
them before. Though it was obvious these were freshly laundered, Harry fancied he could
still smell the twins in the fabric.
He ended up shrinking the under pants to fit him properly, but left the jumper alone. It was so
big on him, it fell down to mid-thigh easily and was soft on his skin, too. It wasn’t a fabric he
could place, though. He didn’t feel underdressed even though he was missing trousers. It
really wasn’t much of a difference to his skirts and dresses these days. He couldn’t find his
socks, but was sure to look for them back in the twins’ bedr- …The room he had woken up
in. Taking a deep breath, Harry shoved all inappropriate thoughts of the Weasley brothers in
the void in his mind where once the Horcrux used to reside. He always skirted around that
corner as of late, only allowing thought to touch it in the dark of night. His guilty pleasures
would be right at home there.
When Harry finally dared to leave the bathroom again, it was to the sight of George and Fred
lounging on the couch again. Still only half-dressed. The late morning sun was helpfully
highlighting wide shoulders and, Godric’s sock draw, those arms… Shaking his head a bit too
viciously, Harry concentrated on the conversation. He thought they might be bouncing prank
ideas off of each other, but they stopped speaking (or was that planning?) the moment the two
heard the door open.
“Oh hey, Har-,” Fred started, only to abruptly colour right up to the roots of his equally red
hair the moment he actually looked at Harry. “…Ley,” he finished after a second, voice still
as rough as it had been just after he had woken up.
Then he stared.

“Well,” George added when it became obvious his brother wouldn’t be saying anything
anytime soon. “That suits you delightfully, Harley,” he complimented earnestly, his eyes
tracking the hem of the jumper where it caressed along the skin of Harry’s thighs.
Blinking, Harry looked down at himself, hand automatically moving up to his unruly and still
wet hair. What? His hair was tangled and completely out of whack, he was wearing an
oversized jumper, and the twins thought he looked …nice? Huh.
“Um… socks?” Harry finally squeaked, gaze skittering around the room, avoiding meeting
the twins’ eyes as much as possible. Just their presence seemed to tease at the lewd images
still lurking in the back of his mind, making him much too aware of his once more racing
heart.
“Should be in the bedroom,” Fred announced, apparently all suave again as he moved
towards Harry with a confident swagger, swiftly catching his hand in his own. “Let me show
you,” he husked, his voice dropping even further as he lifted the caught limb to his lips.
Wow. Wowowowow… just a moment… wha“Frederick Gideon Weasley,” a decidedly not male voice sounded threateningly, prompting
all three boys, disguised or not, to spin around to face the fireplace. Molly Weasley was
standing there, a thunderous expression on her usually motherly features.
“Mum?!”

Chapter End Notes

Long author note of doom:
You might have noticed that the story isn’t tagged explicitly as incest, though the
relationship tag suggests as much. I’m actually on the fence with this issue.
It’s a story, not reality, so no children would ever suffer from the consequences of an
incestous union even if we assume that magic makes mpreg possible. (And if there were
children, in my storyverse magic would have a safeguard that would only fail after
generations of inbreeding, see the Blacks etc.)
I was originally going with a constellation that would have both Fred and George have a
romantic relationship with Harry, but not with each other. They would be in a triad, so if
any intercourse occurs, all three would likely be present, but the twins would not do
anything with each other directly.
…Then Harry’s little fantasy popped up and I was wondering whether the twins would
be willing to act out some scenes for Harry, even though they normally wouldn’t be with
each other in that way. They are obviously very close so far, but not technically
romantically so.
As I said, I’m on the fence. What are your thoughts on the matter?

Chapter 18: Scandalizing
Chapter Notes

This one goes to dancibayo who patiently listened to my whining.
I haven't been in the right place of mind to write lately. I'm still not a 100% there again,
but I think I pulled through. :)
Oh and don't be afraid of Molly here... there is a reason for her behaviour somewhere...
somewhen.
Because we reached a certain point in this story, there is even a POV change at the end :)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“Why, I never!”
“Mum, what-”
“Don’t you ‘Mum’ me, young man! Never would I have believed to come across this- this
scandalous frivolity-!”
Harry stood frozen as he watched the scene unravel. Here he was, barefoot and fresh out of
the shower, dressed in only an oversized jumper that didn’t even belong to him, being
propositioned (?!) by Fred.
And then there was Molly Weasley.
He briefly wondered if the saying of the ground splitting open and swallowing one whole
was valid in the Wizarding World or whether they had a more magical equivalent. Maybe he
could emulate first year and let himself be squeezed into infinity by a Devil’s Snare
somewhere undergound... Whatever it was, he would love to know, because his feet would
not move on their own to maybe hide in the shower some more. The very feet which were
getting cold as Fred inched away from him and towards his scandalized mother. George was
currently trying to intercept the Weasley matriarch’s advance on the duo near the bathroom,
but Molly Weasley was clearly not to be stopped.
“When Mrs. Diggory was yapping at me about my miscreant sons being oh so successful
‘businessmen’ with that ridiculous excuse of a shop,” she snorted in exasperation and Harry
frowned at her words. “I let it go.” Her finger was raised and pointed sharply at George to
keep him in place as she moved towards Fred. “Told myself that you would learn your lesson
and come around in time to go back to school.” She huffed. “When she questioned my
decision to let you go and live on your own, I refrained from correcting her.”
Stopping in front of Fred, her hands on her hips, Mrs. Weasley attempted to glare her son into
submission. She was a vision of wild red curls and temper, her eyes spitting righteous anger

in true Gryffindor fashion. Harry bit his lip. He had seen the Weasley matriarch angry before,
especially with the twins, but this… She was clearly furious. And all because she had come
across this scene with Fred- …Fred, who raised his own hands in a somewhat calming
gesture, carefully inching further away, and Harry abruptly realised the redhead was trying to
draw his mother’s attention away from Harry. Or, well, Harley. Yet, he seemed unsure what
to say in the face of his mother’s fury.
“When she told me about my proper sons,” Molly hissed into Fred’s face, closing the careful
distance between them with a single step, “Who I raised to be upstanding wizards, being seen
accompanying questionable young ladies, I wouldn’t believe her. Oh tosh, I said, what
taradiddle!” (*)
Then those eyes flashed over to him and Harry flinched back. Molly Weasley had never
looked at him in such a way before, gaze cold and calculating, disparaging in their scrutiny.
“Surely,” she spat, brown eyes pinning him in place, “Fred and George would have
introduced any respectable young witch to their loving mother first.”
Harry didn’t know what to say. How to react. This was so reminiscent of the way Aunt
Petunia would look down her nose at him, like he truly was the stain on her precious home
she had always treated him as. But this was Mrs. Weasley, the woman who had basically
taken him in, had come to see him on the family day back during that horrendous
tournament…
After another moment, punctuated by the heaving of her voluptuous chest and Harry’s wideeyed stare, she sniffed in his general direction and turned on her sons again. This time,
though, the twins were better prepared. Or maybe just shocked out of their stupor by their
mother’s cruel words.
“Well, Mum, aren’t you in a lovely mood today?” Fred drawled and Harry flinched again. His
hands had gone clammy at Mrs. Weasley’s reaction to him, but his chest clenched painfully
when he heard the cool tone to Fred’s voice. “I’d offer you a cuppa, but I think we’re out at
the moment.”
Instinctively Harry looked to George for help. Most days he was the more composed twin
and this was very un-Fred-like behaviour. At least he thought so, having never seen the twins
stand up to their mother much, and certainly not react to her tirade in such an aloof manner.
Well, seemingly aloof and goofing off, yes. Cold? Not so much. It was scary in a way and
please, his brother would know how to help, right? He didn’t want Fred to be so cold, so
distant, so hurt…
“Don’t you talk to me like that-”
“Like what, Mum?” Fred snapped, clearly done with Molly’s attitude. “Like you just wilfully
insulted not only us, but our work, our dream, as well? Not to mention our guest!”
George caught Harry’s eyes briefly, before stepping right up to his brother, propping his arm
on his twin’s shoulder. And even though his twin’s closeness seemed to calm Fred just

enough to keep from saying more, Harry didn’t fall for the suddenly relaxed stance for a
second.
“Frederick Gideon Weasley, how dare you!” Molly gasped, outrage painted all over her
features as if she couldn’t believe her son would actually stand up to her. “I raised you better
than this! And I certainly did not raise you to bring such a… a scarlet woman home for the
night!” (*)
Harry’s eyes went even wider and he felt himself flush to the roots of his hair at her words
and wild gesture in his direction. That was what she believed had happened?
Well, it wasn’t that far off and yet completely removed from the truth of the matter, but… oh
he hadn’t meant for his friends to end up at odds with their mother just because he couldn’t
stay out of trouble! Harry was about to apologise, maybe explain things, when a chill seemed
to sweep through the room. For a second everyone froze in place. Then Harry heard George
speaking, voice deceptively placid.
“I believe you should leave now, Mum,” he said. “You have said enough for today.”
And when his mother reared back, drawing breath in clear intention to continue as if he
hadn’t said a thing, George stepped in front of his brother and added: “And just to make
things clear, I’m Fred. He’s George.”
A moment’s hesitation. Then:
“Honestly,” Fred chimed in, looking down his nose at his mother, “You call yourself our
mother, woman.”
The phrase had been said so many times, always teasing, always playful, and just as easily
brushed off by the woman in question. This time there was no playful edge to Fred’s voice, or
George’s, as they impersonated each other. The words were hard, distant, but Harry thought
he could hear the carefully hidden desperate ache, the need for their mother to look through
their façade, to realise they were playing her, to bloody recognise her own sons.
She didn’t.
Scoffing at their supposed antics, Molly Weasley made a negligent gesture with her hand as if
the actual identity, her son’s individuality, didn’t mean anything to her. She just continued on
with her rant about Mrs. Diggory and her gossip about the Weasley twins. Harry stared. He
couldn’t believe she would just- how could she- but she just carried on and when he finally
tuned back in to her offended tirade, she was still going at the twins.
“…What’s his name? Alun-something or other,” she muttered to herself for a moment, before
fixing her sons with her furious glare once again. “Either way, she wouldn’t stop bragging
about that boy – He even used to be headboy, did you know? - and his success and why can’t
you be like that?!” (*)
The last part she fairly shrieked as she had stepped on one of the twins’ experiments littering
the floor – and the whatever-it-was had subsequently decided to stick to her foot, morphing

into some sort of glop, and starting to crawl up her leg. It wouldn’t let go either. But
considering the carefully blank looks on George and Fred’s faces, Harry couldn’t really find
it in himself to feel sympathetic with the woman. So he stood and watched her dance around
the room in an effort to get the glop-thingy (Were that eyes?) off of her. She was their mother,
she had to know what her words would do to them. How could she“Enough!” Molly Weasley suddenly shouted, a fast light from her wand hitting the
mysterious glop, making it freeze in place and then start to drip off of her person in thick
wads. “When you have come to your senses, your family will be there for you,” she stated
with a sniff, smoothing her skirt. “As we always are.”
Then, without giving anyone time to comment, the Weasley matriarch turned on her heel and
stalked right back into the floo. Within a few seconds she was gone from the flat and silence
enveloped the three boys in her wake. Harry’s hands were trembling. This was his fault. The
twins did not deserve Mrs. Weasley’s harsh words, but he was convinced she never would
have voiced them like this if it had not been for Harry’s, or Harley’s, presence. She had
misinterpreted the situation wrongly, she had“Stop.”
Blinking rapidly, Harry looked up at George and Fred. The twins were standing close to each
other, Fred even had a tense hold of his brother’s hand, but they were both focused on him.
“I’m so sorry!” Harry blurted out, unsure what to say or do to make it all better. “M-maybe I
could talk to her, tell her what really h-happened and-”
“What is it with you and unnecessary apologies, Harls? None of this was your fault,” George
soothed, though the smile he sent Harry fell somewhat flat.
“Actually,” Fred added, reaching out with his free hand with just the slightest bit of
hesitation, “We should be the ones apologising. What Mum said…”
“What? No-”
“Yes,” George interrupted his protest. “Yes, Fred’s right. What our mother implied… I’m
sorry. That was… unheard of.”
“But-”
“No buts now, Harley, love,” Fred interrupted, taking Harry’s hand in his and pulling him
closer to the twins. “We will set her right. She should know better than to jump to
conclusions. She had no right slandering your name like that.”
“And that Diggory woman really should know better than to try and ruin someone’s
reputation like that,” his brother muttered. “If anything, we’re the questionable influence
anyway.”
Slandering his name? Harry couldn’t really bring himself to care about that right now. Molly
Weasley had thought him a slag, at least going by wizarding standards, her words and

derision had hurt, and yet… yet all Harry could think was how much more the encounter
must have hurt the twins. He was used to people turning on him, and Mrs. Weasley hadn’t
even known it was him. Although the fact she had …disliked… Harley out of hand, not
Harry… it didn’t make him feel any better. But this was their mother who had just completely
dismissed their work, their dream, their life. He was angry at her for that very reason, his own
upset a dull ache in the background. He couldn’t forget the way Fred’s face had blanked, how
George’s voice had turned so cold.
“She had no right slandering yours either,” he said decisively.
Finding himself suddenly very close to the two in question, a strong hand engulfing his own
and another resting gently on his hip, Harry took a shuddering breath. The scent that had
followed him ever since he woke up in the twins’ bed this morning was all around him again
and Harry simply leaned in. Snuggling in and letting Fred and George close the three-wayembrace around him, the world felt just that little bit lighter. Warmer. Safe.
“Actually…,” Harry whispered after a long moment of drawing comfort from each other,
“What did happen last night? After that spell hit me, I mean.”
George hummed thoughtfully, pulling Harry a tiny bit closer to him. Fred gave a disgruntled
grunt and Harry felt himself being tugged back. The action had him suddenly realising that,
while George had at one point pulled on some soft and cottony shirt, Fred was still very much
half-naked. Harry’s hands made contact with the expanse of warm skin and his heart skipped
a beat“Forge.” George’s voice had a distinct growl to it and a second later Harry was left feeling
slightly bereft when the brothers simultaneously stood back.
The sudden loss of warmth was somewhat disconcerting. But then he was led over to the
couch and sat between the twins, though they didn’t reinitiate the hug and kept a somewhat
reasonable distance. Harry wasn’t sure if the surging, fluttery feeling in his chest was relief or
not.
“Not much, to be honest,” George, sat to Harry’s left, finally answered his question about the
last night. “Some other bloke happened to come across the scene. Don’t know if he was with
the two arseholes or just generally took offence…”
“Might have broken his nose,” Fred muttered contemplatively, not in the least disturbed by
the thought.
“Anyway,” George, yet again, interrupted his brother’s muttering a bit hastily, “We managed
to get up and brought you home with us, basically.”
“We were kinda out of it, if you’ll remember,” Fred to his right reminisced, though he
sounded vaguely embarrassed.
“Yeah, about that,” George continued, rubbing the back of his neck before turning way too
earnest eyes on Harry, “We’re not normally like this, Harley. Just so you know, we-”

“-are generally well behaved,” his twin piped, before snorting when Harry simply quirked an
incredulous eyebrow in his direction.
“Okay, yeah, maybe-”
“-not quite so well behaved-”
“-but not normally wont to get pissed so carelessly,” George ended.
Harry wasn’t particularly fazed with that part. Considering his current job, drunken people
were nothing new by now, even if the sheer carelessness of the action of getting drunk still
tended to blow his mind. It was such a strange behaviour in the eyes of someone who had had
to be cautious in every situation of his life simply because of who he was. Getting drunk to a
degree that one lost control of themselves, that self-awareness took a backseat… it was just
ridiculously thoughtless in Harry’s eyes. Okay, so maybe it did faze him somewhat.
So he told them.
“…incautious, negligent… bloody irresponsible… gormless idiots… thoughtless-”
They didn’t interrupt him. Fred and George Weasley, pranksters supreme, just having been
ranted at by their mother, sat and listened as Harry told them off for their irresponsible
behaviour. They watched him with wide eyes as he called them thoughtless tossers and made
sure they understood how bloody dangerous the situation had been. The whole devil-maycare attitude that made up the twins shut itself up for the minutes it took Harry to tell them
how he had felt when he saw them there, bound and at wandpoint.
“Have you any idea how scared I was for you?!”
Harry took a deep shuddering breath when he reached the end of his impromptu tirade,
blushing in mortification when his mind caught up with his words. Here he was, ranting at
the twins for their irresponsible behaviour after they had saved his hide when he had
thoughtlessly turned his back on a possible hostile environment… But he would not take it
back. It needed to be said, the two needed to understand how important they we“Our …heroine,” Fred finally commented, the corner of his mouth twitching in amusement,
but his eyes shining with a light that let Harry know he wasn’t truly being made fun of.
“Isn’t that a muggle drug?” George questioned in a sort of non-sequitur, making Harry blink
and turn towards the other twin.
“That’s heroin, George,” he deadpanned only to be met with wiggling eyebrows.
“You know your way around the Muggle World, don’t you?” the twin countered, but again
there was something in his tone of voice that made Harry squirm in place.
“What that’s got to do with-”
“Not much,” Fred interjected, re-catching Harry’s attention effortlessly, “But my dearest
brother has a point, lovely. You do know your way around the Muggle World, yet you’re at

home in a place like Knockturn Alley.”
Biting his lip, Harry dropped his gaze to the suddenly very interesting hem of his jumper. He
didn’t want to tell any more lies only to justify ‘Harley’. Why did they have to be so
ridiculously perceptive… and yet so bloody oblivious? How could they not know who he was
after spending so much time together? Briefly Harry entertained the thought of just telling
them. What if he simply blurted out the truth? Let them know who he really was and“You know what Mum’s bollocking just now reminded me of, brother-mine?”
Somewhat bemused once more (he had a feeling this would fast become his default state),
Harry looked between the twins. He watched George strike a purposefully contemplative
pose, hand on his chin, gaze somewhat far away as if in search of the answer to his brother’s
question.
“Wait, wait, wait. I’ve got this…!” He proclaimed after a moment, clearing his throat
dramatically. “Oh, Ronnie, how wonderful,” he intoned in a high-pitched imitation of his
mother. “A prefect! That's everyone in the family!" (*)
Harry gaped. Molly wouldn’t have… No, wait, she had. He had been there for this last year
when their Hogwarts letters came, proclaiming both Ron and Hermione to be prefects. Then
George added a muttered "And what are Fred and I? Next door neighbours?"
Harry felt his chest clench slightly once more.
“Well, technically…,” Fred mused, drawing the syllables out, looking around the cluttered
flat pointedly.
And just like that the tension evaporated. Harry snorted. This was… so them. He was granted
two identical smiles and realised with a jolt that they had done this intentionally, hoping to set
him at ease. Yeah, George and Fred Weasley were awesome like that.
Harry was looking around himself in wonder. This was nothing like what he expected the
twins’ shop to be. Sure, he had expected the outrageous colour themes and general madness,
but this… this was simply…
“Brilliant,” he breathed in awe.
“Isn’t it just,” George drawled smugly from where he was leaning on the counter, lazily
watching Harley wander around the marvellous experience that was their shop.
Or, he thought with a barely-there frown, how their mother would call it: ‘their ridiculous
excuse of a shop.’ But thinking about how they managed to start their business, live their
dream, also brought George’s thoughts to a someone he had found himself thinking of a lot
lately. They hadn’t heard of Harry Potter since the end of the last Hogwarts term when the
small teen was carted off to those despicable relatives of his.

Oh he knew about the rumours going around the Wizarding World, but George and his twin
knew better than to believe that nonsense. Harry was crafty. If he truly managed to get away
from not only those muggles but also avoid being sniffed out by a certain headmaster’s quite
crooked nose (and considering the frenzy the Order was in, that was rather quite possible), it
was very unlikely he would be off gallivanting around beaches and having summer flings.
Though, there was another reason George had been thinking a lot about Harry this summer,
and that reason was currently staring starry-eyed at the enclosure holding their newest
‘invention’, the Pygmy Puffs.
Harley (“just Harley”, and where had he heard that phrase before?) was a fascinating
mystery, intriguing company, a funny conversationalist once she trusted you enough to open
up, and a beautiful sight as well. And she looked an awful lot like Harry - a healthier, more
relaxed version of him. Which, George supposed, was the reason he (and Fred, the old lug)
had been drawn to her from the beginning.
Because it was no secret between the twins that both of them had a thing for a certain shrimp
of a wizard. A very hetero wizard, if their sister was to be believed. When she declared Harry
her boyfriend this summer, neither he nor Fred could deny it since they hadn’t been there at
the end of the year. They hadn’t accompanied Harry to his fateful adventure into the
Department of Mysteries. Their sister had and she had been on cloud nine right up to the day
the twins moved out. They left and threw themselves into their work, because even though
they had never really believed to have a chance, it was still heartbreaking to know Harry had
been snatched up by their little sister. Harry who was kind, selfless, warm, way too forgiving,
and one of the very few people who honestly could tell apart Fred and George…
The quiet giggle of Harley drew George from his thoughts and he found himself smiling
melancholy at the sight that met him: His insufferable brother (Okay, so they were jealous of
each other where Harley was concerned. Sue him.) had just reached into the enclosure and
caught one of the tiny fluffballs to show to their guest. Harley had been reaching out to pet a
finger down the downy fur when the Pygmy Puff launched itself right into her beautiful raven
hair. Hair just like Harry’s…
Yeah, George thought, it wasn’t fair to Harley that they were both vying for her affections,
and it also wasn’t fair to her that they were only doing it, because she was like a female
version of the man they truly desired.

End Arc I

Chapter End Notes

BTW! I found a way for my threesome-dilemma to work that doesn’t make me
uncomfortable, hopefully won’t trigger too many of you lovelies, AND should still
evolve into an actual relationship between all three :D

(*) “taradiddle”: Something along the lines of ‘pretentious nonsense’, also a fib or
maybe a fabrication, falsehood etcetera
(*) “scarlet woman”: I couldn’t resist. Isn’t this what Ron calls Hermione at one point
in canon? X’D
Cambridge Dictionary says it’s an old-fashioned and disapproving name for a woman
who is considered to be immoral because she has sex with a lot of men. I demand an
equally old-fashioned sounding male equivalent!
(*) Tiny guest appearance from my other work ‘Harry’s Eyes’ :D Hi, Alun Diggory!
(*) Quote: Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix
Molly: "I don't believe it! Oh, Ron, how wonderful! A prefect! That's everyone in the
family!"
George Weasley: "What are Fred and I, next door neighbours?"

Chapter 19: Arc II : Body - Floundering
Chapter Notes

Hi and welcome to the second arc! :D

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Arc II : Body
15th August 1996
Fred Weasley was known for being one part of an entity. His two oldest brothers and Lee
Jordan aside, most people did not have or exhibit the level of observational skill needed to
discern between him and his twin brother. Or they simply did not care enough to try. So Fred
was used to being named in one breath with George, was used to being called by the wrong
name on the off chance of someone actually addressing him specifically.
That was until 1st September 1991.
The day the Weasley family for – back then – unfathomable reasons decided to take the
muggle entrance to platform 9 ¾ and subsequently met the small wraith of a boy named
Harry Potter. The first few times Harry had either directly, and correctly, addressed one of the
twins or called their bluff whenever they tried messing with him by impersonating each other,
Fred had thought it luck. Harry Potter, survivor of the killing curse, must have luck in spades
after all. But as time went by and Harry kept getting it right, even seemed to unconsciously
notice little differences between the brothers – and decided to remember them – Fred was
forced to add a name to his too-short list of people that cared.
Fred Weasley was known for being one part of an entity, and Harry Potter could see right
through him. And George. But for once Fred really didn’t want to share with his twin. Just
this once he wanted something, or someone, for only himself. It was just his luck that the one
time he decided to be his own independent entity his twin would happen to want the very
same thing. Person. Harry.
A streak of bright cornflower blue and a small surprised gasp brought him back to the
present, his eyes alighting on the very person that had caused his mind to drift in the first
place. Harley. Harley with no last name, apparently. Harley that looked way too much like
Harry to be a coincidence, but how could it be… There were no Potters left but Harry as far
as Fred knew, but then the Pureblood families of Wizarding Britain were all so closely
related… And considering Harry’s involvement in what could have been the second war
against a certain noseless bastard, any possible relation would have done well in hiding their
existence. It was probably very dangerous to be a Potter these days… or really, ever since
that prophecy had been made. (*)

“What’s it doing?” Harley questioned, hands hovering about her head where the Pygmy Puff
Fred had caught out of the small enclosure was sitting.
“Making itself at home,” he chuckled, “Sure looks cozy.”
He watched Harley go cross-eyed as she reached up to locate the tiny fuzz ball. The
expression, like so many other things, was heart-wrenchingly familiar, reminiscent of Harry
in such an obvious way… there just had to be a blood relation! That realisation and the
sudden soft golden shimmer emitting from Harley sealed the deal for Fred. He knew that
magic, he knew the way it made emerald eyes glow“What-” Harley had finally located the fuzz ball on her head and brought it down to gently
hold it in her cupped hands. “Wasn’t it blue just a second ago?”
Indeed, the Pygmy Puff had changed its shade for reasons that were currently eluding him,
his thoughts coalescing into one burning need to know right then and there:
“Do you know Harry Potter?”
Fred abruptly blurted, colouring as he caught sight of George face-palming in the
background. Yeah, that had not exactly come out the way he planned. If he had planned it in
the first place. Sue him, he was a Godric forsaken Gryffindor!
“I- wha-,” Harley spluttered, wide-eyed and suddenly pale. What a strange reaction.
There was a beat of silence, then:
“…need to go,” she added in a rush and just like that she had pushed her way out of the
backdoor of the store.
Out of the formerly magically closed and hidden door. Well, if she was related to Harry
Potter, small incidents of wandless magic like this were to be expected. Unless…
The door bounced off of the shop’s outer wall and fell shut behind him with a loud THUD!
Not that Harry really heard it.
Why? Why did the day have to turn like this? Everything had started with him waking up in
the twins’ bedroom, weird- but not all that strange for Harry who had probably become too
used to waking up unexpected places after bouts of unconsciousness. Then the morning had
been… He felt himself blush as he hurried down the narrow alley behind the building. The
morning had been a rush of warm and surprising feelings, the twins so gentle with him, so
comforting in their own unique way. That is, until Mrs. Weasley had turned up. He shuddered
at the memory of the woman sneering at him. The Weasley matriarch was probably the
closest Harry had ever come to a mother figure ever since his birth mother had died. And
now she… no. She didn’t know Harley was Harry.
Not yet anyway.

With a sigh Harry stopped at an intersection, leaning against an old brick wall to catch his
breath. No, Mrs. Weasley hadn’t known who Harley was, but she had instantly disliked ‘her’.
And now the twins had made the connection. Harry had known this moment would come,
had known he couldn’t play them forever, but… It had been a dream, he supposed. What else
really was being Harley anyway? He was hiding away from reality, living the life of someone
else. Harry Potter was not meant to have the simple life of Harley, the freedom of anonymity.
But oh did he want it.
A tiny squeak had him glancing down. The Pygmy Puff was looking up at him out of
disproportionally big and glossy eyes from where Harry had squished it to his chest. It really
had changed colours, the pretty cornflower blue now accompanied by shades ranging from a
soft powder pink over strong red and orange, yellow, green, purple and darker hues of blue. It
was a veritable rainbow and the sight had a wan smile tug at his mouth for a moment.
He sighed. He would have to go back at some point and either pay for the fluff ball or give it
back. If he was still welcome there. Maybe he should just send Hedwig with some
Galleons… He had lied to them, repeatedly. He felt like he, as Harley, had used Fred and
George, no matter how much the two had assured him they enjoyed helping him out. Or
rather ‘her’. Harry buried his face into the soft fur of his Pygmy Puff and groaned. This was
all such a mess.
A clearly audible, disapproving sniff had him blinking and looking up again.
As much as his blurry sight might work against him, Harry was pretty sure he was not where
he was supposed to be. Standing at an intersection, just beyond what appeared to be a broader
road, he just knew the backdoor of the twins’ shop should not have led him here. And he
didn’t even have to hazard a guess who was so clearly disapproving of him – yet again - as
the tall and elderly witch was still standing at the small side-alley’s mouth, staring down her
nose at him. Glancing passed her, he squinted. The manner in which the people blobs moved,
the way their magic thrummed with a sense of entitlement and superiority, ruled certain areas
out. This was… Horizont Alley? How had he ended up here?
Though Harry couldn’t quite fathom how the backdoor of the twins’ shop on Diagon could
spit him out on Horizont (magic?), it really didn’t matter in that moment. He hugged the
rainbow puff close, half hiding the tiny one in the overlong sleeve of the jumper he was still
wearing in lieu of his summer dress, and moved on. Harry ignored the indignant lady, having
had enough of outraged reactions to his appearance and whatnot. Still, the further along the
street he moved, the more Harry became aware of how much he was standing out. Wizarding
fashion was absolutely prevalent on Horizont. He was acutely aware of his underdressed state
of jumper-dress and still wet hair, and it didn’t help his unease that his eyesight was once
more turning him around.
He had no idea in which direction Knockturn was supposed to be. Knockturn and BandyLegs and the safety of his small room hidden away in Fergus Wanlockhead’s flat.
“Forge?”
“Yes, Gred?”

“Do you think-”
“It’s as I said, brother mine: No ordinary girl could possibly be this mesmerizing.”
“But-”
“I don’t know. So let’s find out.”
“Yeah, let’s.”
The flicker of sinister magic, crackling around the person blob it belonged to, caught Harry’s
attention. He knew that magic. And even though the person he knew it belonged to wasn’t
someone he fancied meeting again, or, at the least not in his current get-up, he turned and
started following behind.
Following Sanguini’s magic through the throng of people out in the magical district was
much easier than one would expect. As he knew from his time at Bandy-Legs, a vampire’s
magic was just too different to be confused with that of an ordinary wizard. Although, at least
according to his DADA books, vampires had very little active magic left after their
transformation, they still had an inherent magic that came with the very being they turned
into when… turned. They were, after all, the walking dead, but not in a zombie-ish way. No
decay, no groaning, no loss of self. Vampires were frozen in time. Well, at least their bodies
were. If anything, their characteristics became emphasized, though that might just be because
living for centuries was bound to make even the most boring person somewhat eccentric.
Either way, as a vampire Sanguini’s magic stood out quite starkly against the mellow
wizarding signatures all around, making it easy to follow. Harry had been turned around so
much, eyes weary from trying to place vague structures of buildings while ignoring the
flickering of so many different magical auras, that he was simply glad to have something to
concentrate on. Now he could only hope the vampire really was on his way to Knockturn. If
Harry could just reach familiar ground, he would be alright.
He was ducking around a person blob, following the vampire’s magic to an intersection- and
there was Knockturn. Harry breathed a sigh of relief as the looming darkness ahead
registered. It wasn’t the passage from Diagon, but what mattered was that he finally
recognised his surroundings. The day had already been long and it wasn’t even midday yet.
“Silverware! Talismans! You need a protective amulet, Sir? Works wonders against those
pimples for sure. No? How about a charm to attract the ladies then?”
The vaguely familiar voice broke him out of his concentrated pursuit of the vampire’s magic.
Frowning, Harry turned towards the incessant teller’s advertising… only to come across
something, he had so hoped to not ever cross paths with while Harley. Again.
Mundungus Fletcher was standing at a dingy little stall, loudly praising the wares he had
piled in front of him… and there was a flicker. A tiny, smudgy little flicker of familiar magic,
no, Family Magic, clinging to the odds and ends spread out on a rather stained tarp.
Narrowing his eyes, Harry tried to pin the fluttering magic down, to identify why it felt so..

so… Distracted as Harry was, he hadn’t noticed how his feet unconsciously stepped closer
until Fletcher’s voice once more broke through his concentration.
“Ah the silver be pretty, eh, lil’ missy? Might wanna have a look at the medallions, no?”
Harry glanced up at the man, not sure what he had expected. It was obvious the Order
member didn’t recogn- He knew that coat of arms. That, right there engraved on the
silverware and each of the sophisticated jewellery pieces, was the Black coat of arms. Waswas Mundungus Fletcher, the seedy man Mrs. Weasley had tried to get out of the house at
Grimmauld but who Sirius personally had fought with her over, trying to sell Black artefacts?
The anger was hot and fast and just there. It rushed through his veins, narrowing his vision
down to just the unshaven face of Mundungus Fletcher. How dare he? How dare he do that to
Sirius?! How dare he act like- like- …like Sirius was dead and gone and“See, this right here works wonders keeping the nasties at bay,” Fletcher nearly crooned at
Harry, eying the hem of his jumper-dress distractedly. “Wouldn’t want a beast like a
werewolf to catch you unawares, no?”
“BULLSHIT!” Harry finally burst out, way louder than he had intended to.
But there was just NO WAY he was going to stand here listening to this two-faced thief
telling lies to sell off Sirius’ household, his family’s legacy! And defaming werewolves when
Harry only ever met the exact opposite of what this disgusting bleeder was fabricating! Harry
felt his magic surging, crackling. With a hissing sound the tarp covering the stall suddenly
caught fire, flames lurching up and making Mundungus jump back with a shout.
“Watch it!” The man yelled, fumbling for his wand to put the flames out.
Harry sucked in a breath.
He was making a scene.
Shit. Crap! Stepping back from the affronted and somewhat scared looking Fletcher, Harry
whirled around and hurried into Knockturn, not sparing a single glance back. He had drawn
too much attention. This was not good. What if the thief had recognised his voice? What ifAnd Harry had lost sight of the vampire as well. Not that it mattered now, he knew well
enough where he was at.
Taking a shaky breath once he had rounded a corner, Harry felt his lips twitch in a bout of
self-mockery, allowing the irony of the situation to rule his thoughts for a few moments. Here
he was, Harry Potter, Light poster boy, knowing his way around Knockturn so well he could
navigate the alley nearly blind as he was, yet he got turned around in ‘perfectly respectable’
streets. Not to mention how much more at home he felt here in the shadows in contrast to the
entitled environment of Horizont. Fletcher had caught him off guard. A lot had taken him by
surprise today already. Setting flames to a hawker’s stall…

Dashing sudden tears away carelessly, Harry resolutely continued on his way. If the press
ever got wind of this, any of this really, he would be proclaimed the next dark lord long
before he could step on Rita Skeeter’s scuttling bug-arse.
Bandy-Legs was empty when he climbed the… bandy-legged.. stairs and stepped into the
parlour. None of the lights were lit yet and as the relatively cool air surrounded him, Harry
felt like an invisible pressure had been taken off of his lungs. Already the sun was baking the
streets and he didn’t even want to imagine the temperatures outside the magical district with
its somewhat regulating wards.
“So you’ve found your way back,” the voice of his boss came from the murky depths of the
bar, reaching Harry’s ears just a second before his eyes made out the movement of the
hulking figure.
It was a little disconcerting that he hadn’t immediately caught onto Fergus Wanlockhead’s
presence with his new magical sense, but Harry put it down to being distracted and feeling
safe in this place. Still, now that he was actually here, Harry realised with a start that the last
his boss had seen of him was when he had called out about running after the twins. Harry
thought he remembered saying something along the lines of being back in a few moments.
“There was talk ‘bout a scuffle,” Fergus continued, leaning against the counter, and folding
his arms over his broad chest. “But not the usual,” he added and Harry wasn’t sure about the
emotion he could detect in the rumbling voice.
With everything that had already happened this morning, it took Harry a moment to truly
remember why he had woken at the twins’ place. Right. He- no, Fred and George had been
attacked in Knockturn on their way back home. He told his boss as much while carefully
manoeuvring a path through the parlour without knocking into anything.
“Shouldn’t have tried to out drink the wolves,” Fergus scoffed, but then he frowned at Harry.
“And you shouldn’t have run after them on your own, brat. Going for groceries in the middle
of the day and running out at night are two sides of a Quidditch field. On both occasions you
willingly walk into danger, but there’s a difference between having the sun at your back and
having no light at all.”
"Or too much of it, for that matter," Harry muttered under his breath, memories of playing on
the wrong side of the Quidditch pitch and basically being blinded by the sun surfacing.
Then he blinked as Fergus’ words truly registered. It took him another second to puzzle
through the slightly convoluted… wizarding saying? Harry wasn’t quite sure if his boss had
just quoted something or simply made that up on the fly…
“For fuck‘s sake, Harley!” Fergus Wanlockhead suddenly burst out, making Harry flinch in
surprise. Never before had his boss even raised his voice against him. “You ran out in the
middle of the night to catch up to some drunkards! You could have waited for the morrow or
just let the stupid fucks get their shit themselves! And don’t give me that look, I can still
bloody see the magical residue clinging to you!”

The silence after the man’s tirade was deafening and only interspersed with Fergus’ heavy
breathing. He was staring past Harry and into the shadowy depths of his pub, a dark frown
marring his stoic features. And Harry, after his rapid heartbeat calmed down enough to truly
take in what his boss was saying, felt guilty. He had acted a Gryffindor, yet again, and
worried someone who had taken him in, provided him a place to stay, food, work“Where did it hit you?”
“Huh?” Broken out of his self-deprecating thoughts, Harry was baffled that after all this
Fergus was still concerning himself with Harry. “I- I’m fine, it probably was only a Stunner,”
he hurried to explain, unsure why those dark eyes were scrutinising him once again.
Fergus gave an aggravated sigh.
“No. The dark spell, where did it hit you? I can see the magical residue clinging to you, but
it’s all fuzzy. Now. Where?”
Wait. Fergus could see magic? Like… like Harry could ever since he lost his glasses? Why
had he never said anything? Then again, Harry himself hadn’t exactly been forthcoming with
information about his own ability. It had just been so weird! Then the rest of the words
registered and Harry felt the ghost of the spell that had knocked him out last night tingle
down his back. It had been easy to ignore, he had had by far worse and was used to work
through pain, but now that he had been reminded of it, he felt the large bruise situated
between his shoulder blades keenly. Still, it was just bruised, really“Harley.” The way his boss said Harry’s assumed name brooked no argument.
“My back,” he muttered a little sullenly, attempting to shrug it off and just ending up wincing
at the move. It wasn’t like he could go see Madam Pomfrey or one of the healers at St.
Mungo’s as Harley and going as Harry was out of the question.
Fergus hummed thoughtfully, walking around Harry slowly, clearly inspecting… something.
If the man truly could see magic, Harry supposed he must have had much more practice for
Harry himself was pretty sure he wouldn’t be able to distinguish between magical residue and
the general magical aura of a person. Although, he had just been able to recognise the Black
Family Magic on those trinkets… Seeing magic was very confusing to him, but to be fair he
hadn’t truly taken the time to search deeper into his sudden ability. It was simply another
strange thing happening to Harry Potter.
“Well…,” Fergus muttered as he came back around to face Harry, “Since the last lunar
celebrations are just done with, the next opportunity will be at the end of September
earliest… but this year’s Mabon is followed by a lunar eclipse.. ah but there’s still a full
moon ahead this month, so maybe…”
Harry watched nonplussed as his boss seemingly rambled to himself. Fergus did that
sometimes and it had taken Harry a while to realise when he was being talked to and when
the man was speaking parts of his thoughts out loud. But it was the topic that made this
instance so special. Normally Fergus’ ramblings were about something bar-related or
grumblings about his latest hangover. This right there? This was a side to Fergus

Wanlockhead he had never encountered before. Harry couldn’t even hope to begin to
understand what his boss was going on about, already lost after he had mentioned lunar
celebrations – Lughnasadh, wasn’t it? The festival he had gone to, had met the twins and
danced…
Harry was off in his head, no longer trying to decipher Fergus’ mutterings. George and Fred
had made him feel special and so so safe that day – and any day they met after. Every touch,
innocent or daring, any look, any word spoken had left an invisible mark like tiny anchors
embedding in his heart. They had grown to be a bit of an army, he realised. Caught him up in
their ever-growing web of affection. Had it really only been a few weeks, not even a full
month?
“Yes,” the decisive tone of voice drew him back a while later, glancing up to meet his boss’
dark gaze, but finding him still staring at something Harry couldn’t quite grasp. “I don’t feel
comfortable waiting till Samhain, that ain’t healthy with so much residue muddying up your
core even if it’s just clinging to the outer edges right now.” He nodded to himself, still eying
something Harry supposed had to be magic-related. “You’re too young to chance it, wouldn’t
want to risk discordance, right?”
Here he finally met Harry’s gaze, clearly expecting him to agree, although“Um…”
Harry was confused. But then again, he had become rather accustomed to that state of being
by now.

Chapter End Notes

(*) Fred knows about the prophecy, because in this story I decided Dumbledore shared
with the Order when Harry went 'missing' in an attempt to motivate them to go looking
for him.
uuum…
sorry to all who get squicked by Harry’s sight issues? Not my intention, honest, but it’s
important for his magic’s development. Although, since he’s getting really annoyed with
it, I will probably have to fix that soon.
Anyway, I had wanted to upload this for Pride Month, but well... life. Then again, Pride
shouldn't only be a thing for one or two months a year, anyway.
Also: To all of you who wrote comments on the last chapters… thank you. I received so
so many gorgeously beautiful comments, it’s always a rush. Even if I can’t get to all of
them, please know that I love to read your thoughts and ideas.

Chapter 20: Worrying
Chapter Notes

(or 'the info dump' as I like to think of it)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Still 15th August 1996
The thin fabric slowly, reluctantly knitted itself back together under the guidance of George’s
wand. The seeming defiance made a confused smile tug at his lips, the begrudging way the
dress reacted to his magic reminding him of its owner. Must be the muggle fabric, he mused,
which, apart from being strangely soft, had a tendency to attract static. Something totally
unheard of for wizarding fashion, because well, static, magic, electricity. Still, they were
determined to repair the pretty dress and return it to…
Maybe-Possibly-Harry. It was all just too convenient to be a coincidence.
And wasn’t that a clusterfuck in and off itself. Harry Potter running around in dresses and
playing the biggest prank ever on the whole of the Wizarding World, even giving his friends
the run-around. They had spent so much time together, had been so close, and yet- Harry had
been drawing red herrings across their tracks for nearly a month and even though George
wondered whether he should feel betrayed by the whole farce… to him it just made too much
sense. After what happened at the Ministry, no, after what he and Fred knew happened to
Harry every summer, he couldn’t be mad about the deception. Harry deserved the freedom
only anonymity was able to grand him.
Was he sad that their friend didn’t trust them not to bust his secret? Yes.
Would George have been happy to be included in this mother of all pranks? Of course.
Was he slightly miffed in his prankster-pride to not have seen through the illusion? Hell yeah!
Did he want Harry away from those …relatives of his? Of fucking course.
Still, the way Harry chose to go about all this was interesting to say the least. Hiding in plain
sight was one thing, doing so in tantalizing dresses, alluring skirts and fabrics? Another
matter altogether. It was baiting the trouble. It was flirting with detection. Bold and dramatic
like a Gryffindor, yet so unexpectedly sneaky. No one would expect this.
The opposite of the spectrum.
Slytherin.

And they so wanted in on this scandalous deed.
Or was it more than that, more than a way to hide? After all, being who he was, not to
mention growing up with the people he had, couldn’t have left Harry with many avenues of
getting to know himself. What if the whole crossdressing was Harry finally expressing
himself in a way he never could before? Was there, just maybe, still a chance for George (and
his brother. Maybe. Perhaps. Nah.) ?
No, he reminded himself with a mental jerk, he shouldn’t make this kind of assumption. Just
because Harry happened to wear women’s clothing (disguise? Well, Harry was known for
being… creative in a pinch.) didn’t say anything about his sexual orientation. And, bloody
hell, just the thought of anything remotely relating to sex in connection with Harry had his
body reacting like he was 13 again. Or 12, he wasn’t quite sure when he had started lookingAnyway, he could not just assume. People had done that too often already where Harry was
concerned.
Fred, chin hooked on his twin’s shoulder, tucked close to the warmth of his neck as he
watched the progress on the dress, did nothing to abate George’s body’s wayward reaction.
He supposed it was simply an automatic response to another warm body when thinking about
Harry… Oh well. His twin and him, despite what some sources may say, had never gone
beyond mutual looking and cuddling. Maybe some light experimenting. They were siblings,
after all, no matter what magic made possible.
Like it is the case with most people growing up together in close quarters, there wasn’t any
attraction per se between the two. Physical anyway. Although, all these facts sure didn’t stop
them from using the rumours to their advantage when it came to thoroughly flustering
people. Still, when puberty started changing their bodies, it seemed only natural to compare
with the one they both were closest to. But that was just it. The two of them just were. Had
always been. That didn’t mean he could prevent his body reacting to stimuli – he was bloody
18, after all.
Far beyond looking went what they did with others, true, but never had they been in a
situation like the one with Harry. It had been their fifth year, Harry’s third, when they realised
it. And since then… tcha. It had not quite been a competition, because Harry was very much
13, very much the Boy-Who-Lived, and very straight. Only, apparently maybe not quite as
straight as they had thoughtNo, George grumped to himself, that was him being back again at assumptions based in
preconceived notions and prejudice.
George grimaced. The Wizarding World may not discriminate law-wise against the variety of
recognised sexualities and genders, but depending on the circles one frequented certain
prejudices did tend to make themselves known. Such as young women accompanying nonrelated males alone may be considered easy. Such as assuming that a male favouring female
clothing must be inclined towards their own gender. And that in a society that wore robes on
a daily, seriously…

“Brother mine, I feel you’re mixing ingredients up,” Fred muttered from his place face still
tucked against his brother’s skin. He was being especially clingy, but then he had spooked
Harry enough to chase him off after their promising morning.
George blinked, glanced at his twin, and mentally backtracked.
“True,” he finally admitted.
It was an easy trap to fall into, throwing gender and sexuality into the same cauldron. They
could belong, he supposed, but they did not necessarily have to. Yet another preconceived
notion he needed to get his head around. Sometimes growing up in a secluded place so
removed from both magical and muggle society, never truly being immersed in either’s
traditions, really sucked. He had never felt deprived of anything growing up, apart from their
parents’ attention that is, yet leaving the Burrow had been like being thrown into the Black
Lake on a hot summer’s day: Refreshing but shocking to the system.
There was just so much they hadn’t known before. So much tradition, culture they only truly
learned about earlier this very year. Sure, some things they knew, were peripherally aware of,
but most things, like the Olde Ways of connecting to one’s magic, were deemed ‘outdated’
and replaced by muggle ways.
Their parents didn’t completely abandon their magical roots, he could still recall visiting the
festivals as a small child, but they also never taught them. And Hogwarts under
Dumbledore’s rule was much the same, all geared towards integrating muggle beliefs and,
though not forbidding, no longer teaching wizarding heritage. Like the origins of the
festivals, like Lughnasadh and the upcoming Mabon, all of the cycle of life and death that
was so closely connected to Magic.
George, and Fred he supposed, understood why their parents did what they did, he realised
they firmly believed in making the Wizarding World as welcoming as possible for the
Muggleborns. Really, he understood. Why this had to mean they had to forsake their own
traditions, forget where their very culture originated…
He sighed as the deliberately obnoxious chime of a bell alerted them to new customers.
Weasley’s Wizard Wheezes demanded its owners’ attention once more.
The rainbow Pygmy Puff was sitting neatly snuggled into the lone pillow of the small bed up
in Harry’s room. Stroking the vibrant fur softly, Harry thought back on the conversation he
just had had with Fergus.
Apparently being hit with magic not aligned with or meant to work with your core left a
certain amount of residue, multiplying with each spell. In general, this residue would slowly
disperse with time and healing, but there was a limit. Although his boss hadn’t said as much,
Harry surmised that being hit with something ill-intentioned, or say any of the Unforgivables,
would be worse the longer the curse was kept going. Considering the amount of times Harry
had been in contact with dark magic over the years, it made him seriously question the
prowess of the adults in his life. Why had no one ever mentioned this to him? Madam

Pomfrey maybe? Dumbledore?? Or better yet, why had no one ever done anything about it?!
He was fricking known for surviving one of the aforementioned Unforgivables!
Well, Fergus was about to change that. But Fergus Wanlockhead was also a man living on
Knockturn Alley who Harry had only known for a handful of weeks. How sure could he
really be the intimidating bar owner was telling the truth?
Lunar celebrations?
Muddy cores and rituals to clear residue?
Sighing, Harry scooped his tiny furry friend up so he could let himself fall face-first into the
pillow. As much as he wanted to wallow in self-pity for a while, he knew he had to sort this
out. Analysing stuff, looking at things from a purely logical angle… wasn’t exactly his strong
side. It usually was Hermione who did these things, but- Hermione was not here, and ever
since escaping the Dursleys, Harry had this intense urge to become more independent. He
couldn’t rely on others, be it his friends, teachers, or bloody Dumbledore, forever. Look
where that would have ended this time! If what Fergus said was true, and Harry was very
inclined to believe him, then he would have been stuck on Privet Drive, locked up with only
the ridiculously slow owl post to contact anyone, and suffering from this dark magic residue
– without anyone being the wiser!
Although, truth be told, he had no idea what magical residue did to one’s core. Fergus had
mentioned ‘discordance’ like Harry should be aware of what that meant, but no matter how
much he wrecked his brain, he couldn’t for the life of him recall ever hearing about it. Which,
admittedly, didn’t have to mean much, and maybe he should just ask his boss about it, but…
Turning on his back, and wincing as the movement aggravated his bruise, Harry frowned at
the slightly stained ceiling. Fergus had been nothing but helpful ever since they met. He had
given Harry a safe place to stay, something to do, and even the means to buy the necessities
he had left behind with the Dursleys (and then some).
There was no reason Harry could see why the man would make up something so out there,
why he would devise such an elaborate plot. And for what? There was nothing to gain from
fooling Harry in this way – not even if he had somehow realised who he really was
sheltering. Sure, considering he was a bar owner on Knockturn, the man might have leanings
to the Dark (not that Harry had noticed anything that seemed harmful so far), and the ‘Dark’
was supposedly still very much after ‘Harry Potter’.
But no, that wasn’t quite true, was it?
Harry shared a commiserating look with the Pygmy Puff.
After spending so much time immersed in the magical district, seeing the Wizarding World
from the inside so to say… Harry had started to realise that there was more to magic than
Dark and Light. And really, what even meant ‘Light’ these days, if the very Ministry was
condemning good people like Remus, Faolán and his pack, not to mention the nice bookstore
owner Lycus Job, to existences at the very bottom of society – purely for a medical condition
they suffered from once a fucking month?

As the summer days went by, Light and Dark had started to feel like not much more than
political factions, or more like political parties that happened to be the most powerful around,
but weren’t truly representative of the actual population.
Then there were the books. Even with only having scratched the surface of all the knowledge
held in Mr. Job’s, no, Lycus’ bookstore, Harry couldn’t deny the realisation that his
understanding of magic was woefully incomplete. And something was telling him that this
wasn’t entirely down to his lack of study over the last five years. No, going by the very topics
he had encountered during his time at Bandy-Legs, during his talks with the people around…
it was obvious Hogwarts, prized school that it was, only taught a minimal part of the whole
magical spectrum.
In fact, if it wasn’t for this summer’s experiences, Harry would never even have heard about
the whole ‘grey magic’ of said spectrum. Hogwarts curriculum was all Light yay, Dark nay.
There was no in-between, you were either good or bad. But the books, and everyone he had
overheard talking this summer, strongly suggested there was more, that there was a part
residing between ‘Light’ and ‘Dark’. And this part, Grey magic, which seemed to be all about
intention, was simply non-existent in their school books.
Which, following his new understanding, made it frighteningly obvious that the school was
under leadership of a Light mage. A mage who just so happened to be the very leader of what
Harry had started terming the political Light. Light that maybe, just maybe, didn’t really have
to do much with what magic was all about.
The thing was, he had relied a lot on Hermione’s knowledge over his entire Hogwarts career
so far. He hadn’t really looked deeper than what was necessary, had gone with what his friend
pointed him to. Hermione’s knowledge, as impressive as it was, mostly stemmed from books
found in Hogwarts’ library or bought in Flourish and Blott’s. He doubted his friend had ever
ventured passed the set routes for students, and he was absolutely sure she had never
ventured passed Diagon Alley. She was, for all intents and purposes, a Light witch. And that
wasn’t her fault, but Harry couldn’t help but feel different the longer he thought about the
topic. It just seemed to make no sense to categorize magic only in ‘good’ and ‘bad’, ‘Light’
and ‘Dark’. Or categorize at all beyond what the political factions said.
You could kill with a simple cutting charm commonly used in Herbology class if you knew
where to aim, and he had a feeling a lot of what was understood and condemned as dark
might actually have rather harmless origins. Wasn’t Cruciatus basically overstimulating
nerves? What if one were to only cast a really mild version of it, would it feel like the tickling
charm? Maybe help with blood circulation or testing for nerve damage?
Rubbing at the space between his neatly plucked brows, Harry wasn’t sure what to think
about his own theories. All this sounded really out there, he was probably getting way ahead
of himself.
But the one thought prevailed: What if, just what if, magic couldn’t be categorised in ‘good’
and ‘bad’? What if it truly was all about the intention behind the spell, the intention of the
caster? What if ‘Grey’ really was simply a synonym for Magic itself, magic as it had always
been, devoid of human morality clauses?

17th August, late evening
“So what?” Fred asked, sounding dubious from where he was hefting crates from the small
storage room up in their apartment down the spiral staircase into the shop.
“What do you mean, so what? If it’s him, he’s bound to be on edge now,” George called back
to him, his brother focused on counting today’s checkout. The shop was doing well, but the
work was starting to wear on them.
“Huh?” Fred wasn’t really listening, the heavy crates full of their latest products demanding
his attention. Most couldn’t be levitated; the magic of the spell would be interfering with the
product’s properties.
“Forge, brother, we can’t just up and tell him,” George sighed, looking up from the cash
register. “You asking him the way you did, already made him run once.”
“Well, we gotta ask somehow,” Fred frowned, setting the crate down with a huff and
stretching his back.
“No,” George rebuked, frowning at his twin. “No, think about it. If Harry really goes to these
kinds of lengths, us coming at him with the truth is just going to scare him off. Again.”
There was no missing the slight accusation in his tone.
“Gred, don’t you think you’re overthinking this?” Fred frowned right back, fed up with his
brother’s worrying. He had been at it for two days now and all Fred wanted to do was seek
out Harry and clear the air. Yet they were still stuck at the shop, work swamping them. “And
even so, where’s he gonna go? We know where he stays now.”
George put his quill down with a bit more force than necessary, leaning over the counter to
pin his twin in place with a Look.
“He’s hiding,” he enunciated every word carefully, like Fred was being especially slow. “Not
just from the Order, but from everyone. Right in front of their noses!”
Well, true. And wasn’t that some awe-inspiring shit.
“It’s quite the prank, it is,” he agreed a little dreamily.
“Yeah…,” George clearly approved wholeheartedly, eyes going vacant for a moment thinking
about the huge scope of Harry’s prank. “But! That’s exactly why we can’t just walk up to him
and bust his disguise. I think, we need to let him come around on his own,” he implored of
his twin.
“Oh come on!” Fred complained. He had never been a fan of the waiting game, no matter
how convenient it could be in a prank. Couldn’t they do something already? “I want in on
this! If it’s him, he might freak at first, but we just tell him how it is. It’s not like we would
rat him out.”

He was sure of this too. But it was the Gryffindor in him talking, and deep down he knew this
well. His brother George was much better at thinking long term, but really, this was Harry. He
knew he could trust them, right?
“But you don’t know that!”
He didn’t really have a book on ritual magic. In fact, Harry didn’t really have books on
specific topics in general, apart from his school books that is, as he had favoured buying
NEWTs material and summary-like tomes at Lycus’. To put it simply: Harry didn’t know
enough about magic to select books on specific topics yet, so he had gone for overviews,
mainly history because it’s what had sparked his interest that day.
So, he was stuck with either school books or history overviews. Magical history overviews,
because even in shops like that of Lycus Job one didn’t find muggle topics (Unless one
wanted to count the ridiculously outdated and heavily prejudiced stuff they all sold on
Muggle Studies). Don’t get him wrong, after receiving his OWL results and realising he was
eligible to re-sit his history exam, magical history was exactly what he wanted. At least after
he realised it actually wasn’t all goblin wars, but could very well focus on all the fascinating
traditions and their origins he had observed this summer. Still, even these out-of-the-way
books (Harry just knew he would never have found them in Diagon’s main book shop) didn’t
really help in his current quest and had the habit of side-tracking him with random yet
riveting information. Like now.
Up until this summer he had never even heard the term ‘magi’. Yet, it was apparently the goto-term when talking about wizarding folk in general. Going by A Mostly Neutral Point of
View, a book he was fairly sure he would never have found in Flourish & Blotts, ‘magi’
described ‘all genders of humanoid magic-wielding folk’. That sentence alone sparked many
more questions, like what did they mean all genders? Why did it sound like there were more
than two in the magical world? (*) What about people like his friend Treasach the donas? He
was humanoid in stature, but not all features. Was he magi, or would he be denoted by his
species?
Harry thudded his head down on the heavy parchment pages with a groan. He could see
many trips down Oblique Lane in his future. Hopefully Lycus would be willing to help him,
because he was pretty certain he would never get the hang of the logic behind wizarding book
titles. All of this, magi, rituals, the possibly-senseless-magical spectrum, were only more
points on his ever-growing list of this summer’s revelations. And he needed a break.
“Right,” he huffed, tired but determined to set his own hang-ups aside for some time, “Let’s
get ready.”
The declaration earned him a short meep from his furry companion. Harry fancied it sounded
like a ‘Yessir!’ with the way the Pygmy Puff was sitting at attention.

Before changing into something more fitting for work, Harry made use of the small charms
booklet Lycus Job had gifted him with. Had that only been a few days ago?

Sitting down on the rim of the shower bath, Harry carefully flipped through the worn pages,
fingertips following the handwritten lines a little reverently. The charms were, as Lycus had
said, those his mother had used in her time. But it was clear by the differing scripts and
fading ink that the booklet had been handed down in the family for generations.
Looking through it now, Harry concluded that each person owning it had added their own
spells or made additions to the already existing ones. There was a teeth-bleaching spell
written in already yellowing ink on the early pages that had a warning added in fresher blue
about overdoing the bleaching and ultimately making the teeth as easily breakable as glass!
Harry shuddered. It was fascinating and a bit scary what people had done (and were still
doing) in the name of beauty. He knew there were tons of books like this in the stores,
Lockhart the vain git coming to mind as well. But it made him wonder how common it was
to hand down books through generations, maybe on different topics and not just cosmetic
charms. Maybe each family had a certain trade or something…
Glancing up into the, for once silent, mirror, Harry briefly entertained the thought what his
parents might have taught him had they lived. Had the Potters, Purebloods that they were, a
trade to their name? Something handed down through the generations, father to son and so
on? Would his Dad have given him something similar to Lycus’ mother’s booklet? He
chuckled quietly imagining James Potter showing a tiny Harry actual pottery. It would have
been a mess, he thought.
As it did most times he paid his reflection any attention, which admittedly had become a lot
more frequent recently, his gaze was inevitably dragged to his lightning bolt. This scar, even
faded as it was now, had determined so much of his life. Briefly Harry reflected upon his
childhood and how he actually used to like the ‘cool scar’ that made him ‘special’. Back
when magic was just stories and a way to raise his uncle’s dangerous temper. Back when he
was more often ‘Boy’ than ‘Harry’. Back before everything, really.
As he had learned later this scar also marked the day he lost everything while the Wizarding
World gained a respite from all the terror that had ruled it for years. It would turn out to be
only a hiatus, but most wizards, or should he say magi, would probably never know that.
Sure, they hailed him as their Saviour now, but they only really saw the end result of what
happened at the Ministry. They didn’t actually have to suffer another war and yes, he was so
very grateful for it, but all of it made a simple life for him, as Harry Potter, very much
impossible.
And it wasn’t just about not being able to walk down a street without being mobbed. It wasn’t
even about being unable to uphold a simple job because people would never look upon him
with the same expectations they would any other young man. They would always assume,
always judge differently, always make it impossible to measure up to the bar they expected
him to uphold.
Harry had more than the one scar, he knew. He had accumulated quite a few during his
Hogwarts years and he had only just passed OWL-level. Not all of them were visible and no
other magi had ever truly cared about them. He had saved these people, that was all that
mattered. No one cared about the How. No one bothered to ask how he dealt with everything
from that day long in the past to today.

He wondered how different everything, he himself, the world he now lived in, would have
turned out if Voldemort had never gone after the Potter family. Well, he certainly wouldn’t
have ended up hiding himself behind ruffles and skirts. …or would he? And was he truly still
hiding? Yet again his thoughts drifted to what the book had said: all genders of humanoid
magic-wielding folk. All genders…
A questioning chirrup from his rainbow-coloured companion brought Harry back into the
tiny, not quite grimy, bathroom on the upper floor of Bandy-Legs. A bar in Knockturn Alley.
A bar he now worked at as a waitress… and there his thoughts went again. Coasting from the
unlikely present over random memories, getting stuck briefly on thoughts of red hair and
freckles… he needed to talk to the twins.
And flames, anger given physical form through his magic caught his reminiscing attention.
That thief Mundungus Fletcher, selling away Sirius’ things without a care! It made Harry’s
skin prickle with surging magic. He would need to do something about that because Sirius
couldn’t right now and Remus didn’t have the authority. What was that man thinking? How
could he ever believe to get away with selling off stuff that so obviously belonged to an
Ancient and Noble House considering most of it bore the family crest?
He groaned again, running his hands through his long tresses agitatedly. He had to focus, he
couldn’t keep drifting off in his own mind.
However he decided to go about this whole drama, the twins, his persona as Harley,
Hogwarts, all the revelations of gender and sexuality, and whatever else he was going to
stumble upon during the next weeks - one thing he already knew for certain: He was going to
write to Remus about Fletcher. Just the thought of the thief had Harry’s magic roiling again,
but thankfully nothing caught fire this time.

Chapter End Notes

(*) about the genders: This story is set in 1996. Gender in general, especially in
western society, was still very much limited to being either male or female
Sooo… rainbow Pygmy Puff. Whatever shall we name them?

Chapter 21: Creeping
Chapter Notes

A little wink to TheAnonymousAuthorFromEarth at the end <3
(and more info dumping... somehow)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

22nd August (Thursday)
If Harry had thought he would just need to scrape up some Gryffindor courage and go talk to
the twins… well, let’s say it wasn’t all that easy. The reality of having a full-time job came
crashing down on him soundly, work taking up his time and before he really noticed a week
had gone by without him managing to visit the twins. But also without the twins (or anyone
else for that matter) contacting him. He was even still waiting on Remus’ letter.
Anxiety was once again starting to be his constant companion - followed and soothed
somewhat by a certain (and by now infamous) Pygmy Puff. The cleansing ritual was set for
the next full moon and Harry still had no true idea what to expect of that. Not to mention
school was set to start in just over one week, which was just three days after the ominous
ritual, and he also still hadn’t decided whether or not he would be going back. And don’t
even get him started on his summer homework.
Speaking of school, his letter was late this year, and as Harry cleaned up the pub in the small
hours of 22nd August, he wondered whether that had anything to do with him supposedly
missing.
It couldn’t be though, right? They couldn’t really justify delaying sending out letters because
one student happened to have gone awol. Then again, maybe it was as simple as his letter not
reaching him, or facing some trouble in trying to reach him, like his OWL results had done.
Well, the woes of assuming another identity. For a moment he thought of those hundreds of
acceptance letters he had received all over the country before his first year. He thought of that
wide-eyed little boy on his first train ride to Hogwarts, full of wonder for the magical world.
It was still there, the wonder, but it had been dulled by growing understanding. Still, what
wouldn’t he give for some good old Bertie Bott’s now, and Ron to share them with…
As Harry put away the self-cleaning rag and looked around the parlour one last time, another
thought niggled in the back of his mind. What if they, Dumbledore, the Order, what-haveyou, were deliberately delaying only his letter to make intercepting him on his way to the
shops easier for them? After all, there wasn’t much time left to do his shopping if he really
intended to go back to Hogwarts this year. It would make sense for them to make the time
window as short as possible… or would it really? The summer holidays were nearly over,

what use truly was there to find him now unless they thought he had been kidnapped. And in
that case it wasn’t likely for him to go shopping for his school stuff in the first place.
Everyone that even remotely knew him (which were, admittedly, not many), knew Harry
Potter considered Hogwarts his home. They had no way of knowing that he was even toying
with the idea of not returning. There was no reason for them to still be looking for him, right?
So, was this simply a case of him being obnoxious, of him being the self-centred dunderhead
a certain potions master liked to label him as? Because did it really have to be about him? It
wasn’t like they, Dumbledore, the Order, the Wizarding World as a whole, had anymore use
for him. Or rather Harry Potter. The threat of Voldemort was gone, truly this time, and he
hadn’t heard any whispers of people believing differently. No, Harry Potter had fulfilled his
‘duty’, he thought bitterly. There really was no reason for them, whoever ‘they’ turned out to
be, to be looking for him all that closely. Which, he had to admit, was probably the actual
reason why he was still enjoying an unchecked summer.
But no. No, he couldn’t risk it. If his life had taught him anything so far, it was paranoia. As
he had heard Fred say the other day, it wasn’t paranoia if they were really out to get you. And
he just couldn’t chance it, not even for one day! He hadn’t decided yet, if he even wanted to
go back at all and he just knew people would expect him to and- …Fred. George. They knew,
or at the very least, they strongly suspected who ‘Harley’ truly was. Had they gone and ratted
him out to the Order?
Just the thought had Harry’s chest tighten as he watched Fergus lock the door and all
windows as he did every night. Unconsciously he raised his hand to rub at an especially
painful spot right above his heart, staring aimlessly while his boss went about enabling the
night wards. The flickering magic of his surroundings turned solid, like fog solidifying,
creating a magical dome over the outer walls of the pub.
But something wasn’t right.
Harry blinked back into focus as Fergus mumbled a distracted goodnight, snatching a
nightcap from behind the bar, before he thudded up the stairs. The fact that his steps could be
heard was strange in itself, but Harry was more focused on the sudden weird feeling he got
from the dimmed parlour. Not trusting his sad eyesight, he concentrated on spreading his
magic more consciously than he normally would inside Bandy-Legs, making sure to cover all
corners, searching for… something.
He heard the old wood creaking, felt the magical echo of the wards, yet nothing stood out.
There weren’t even any critters here like he was sure infested parts of the Leaky Cauldron.
Still, he couldn’t shake the sensation, like a sixth sense telling him something was creeping
about.
He went and checked the door again, like he hadn’t just watched his boss lock it, but
everything appeared to be in order. Silent too. Only the wind could be heard whispering
around the building’s corners. Glancing around one last time, Harry shrugged and turned to
head upstairs.

The hairs on the back of his neck suddenly standing on end had him abruptly whirling back
around, skirt flying in a graceful arc with the motion, and wand at the readyBut there was nothing.
Noxing the lights, shivering as the darkness plunged down around him, Harry went to his
room. And if he once more raised the basic alert wards on his door that he had long since
stopped employing during his stay here… well. If there was nothing there to trigger them, no
one would ever find out.

Later that night a dishevelled Harry woke with a start, long hair falling in his face as he sat up
from his slumped over position on his bed. He was surrounded by books and his cheek still
seemed to be stuck to one of the parchment pages… or maybe it was the other way around.
He winced a little as the page ripped itself out of the book with his motion, but his gaze was
drawn to the window. What had woken him? He didn’t remember falling asleep over his
reading… although it certainly was a likely scenario considering his new habits.
Glancing out the window again, Harry frowned. He could have sworn something had just
moved out there in the dark… Getting to his feet, his wand already in hand (had he ever put it
down?), he took the two steps over and scanned the area beyond the window panes. Well, as
much as his eyes allowed him to anyway. There was a weird fog obscuring his vision, he
realised a few seconds later. Now, fog in London wasn’t all that surprising, but he couldn’t
remember ever seeing it getting into the magical district. Somehow he had just assumed the
weather regulation wards kept stuff like that out, but what did he know, really.
He blinked. Was fog supposed to move like this?
Squinting in frustration, Harry sent his magic out carefully, tasting along the wards he felt
covering his window. They seemed fine. Still, his instincts were restless, like they were trying
to tell him something sinister was afoot. Abruptly pulling the drapes closed, he moved over
to the door to check the rest of the house. Only, he never made it that far.
“You should have known better than to follow a vampire, doll,” a velvety voice purred from
right behind him, sending his pulse racing, his heart jumping and his wand sparking as he
tried to turn again.
“Ah, don’t you bother”, the voice continued, niggling at a memory he couldn’t quite recall.
And really, right now Harry was more concerned with the fact that he couldn’t move.
He couldn’t move.
“Mhm… all this excitement sure sends the blood pumping…,” they whispered behind him
and Harry had the distinct feeling he was being.. sniffed at.
“Who-”

“Pardon me, doll, I thought you knew,” the voice continued, an affected exasperation tinting
it, “After all,” they said, “You did follow me, Harry, did you not?”
And Harry could practically feel the feral smirk on what he now recalled where quite nicely
shaped lips in an aristocratic, yet gaunt, face.
“Sanguini.”
“There you go,” the now familiar voice daunted and Harry would have flinched at the barelythere touch of lips against his neck – if only he could.
The memory of meeting the vampire in Dumbledore’s office flooded his mind then. That cold
December night of last year, back when Umbridge had ruled Hogwarts, back when Harry had
been plagued by repeating dreams of the Department of Mysteries. Thinking on it now, it’s
hard to believe he lived months and months like that, dream-visions of running through
corridors haunting him. He sometimes still wondered if he shouldn’t have known better, if he
shouldn’t have realised they were more than dreams.
But that night, 18th of December 1995, Harry’s dream-visions had changed. Oh he had still
been there down in the bowels of the Ministry, in the damp corridors of the department which
would see the end of Voldemort just half a year later. But in that vision he had not been
running, no, he had been slithering. He had seen the world through the eyes of a serpent, yet
not an innocent animal. Nagini had long been corrupted by the soul piece of her master
inhabiting her form. She had been capable of human emotions, of hate, of loathing. She had
wanted to rip and tear and killA haze-like quality was still hanging over the events that led to Harry, sweat drenched and
panicky, up in Dumbledore’s office telling, warning, begging the headmaster, someone, to go
and help Mr. Weasley. To safe him from what Harry… no, Nagini… had done. As a member
of the Order of the Phoenix, Mr. Weasley had taken a turn standing guard at the Department
of Mysteries, watching that dreaded, useless prophecy. And they, Harry, Nagini, had attacked
him. Ripped into him, torn and bloody and- And up there in Dumbledore’s tower, in the
middle of the night, had been the vampire. Sanguini had been pacing in front of the
headmaster’s desk when Harry and his entourage of friends and teachers arrived. Restless
and… angry, yes, now that he deliberately tried to remember that hazy moment, Harry
thought the vampire had been angry, maybe even desperate somehow.
In the rush of what happened after he had brought his vision to the headmaster’s (and
apparently the vampire’s) attention, Harry had forgotten to ever question what Sanguini had
been doing there. Why had he been at Hogwarts? Was he a friend of Dumbledore’s and if so,
did him finding and recognizing Harry mean…
“Yes and no, lovely, yes and no.”
Blinking back into the present, Harry found himself sat in someone’s lap. They had long,
trouser-clad legs and he could feel the fine material rub against his bare thighs. His skirt, and
why was he wearing that to bed anyway, had ridden up his legs sitting down, innocently
enough, yet Harry jumped into standing before he even fully comprehended the situation.
He’s not meant to sit in this person’s lap. They, Sanguini, chuckled at his reaction, but there’s

no attempt to keep him in place. The eclipse-like gaze that followed him held no malice, no
leer. Just curiosity and maybe a spark of amusement. A strange smell, not quite cigarettes,
was hanging faintly in the air.
The stare-off that followed should have been intimidating, daunting even considering they
were still in Harry’s, or should he say Harley’s, tiny room up in Fergus Wanlockhead’s flat.
It’s not, though, not really. Instead, there’s a sense of awkwardness… and a vampire who had
made himself comfortable in the lonely chair and was just about to put his feet up – on
Harry’s bed.
“Shoes off,” he found himself instructing brusquely. And woah that was not what he had
planned to say, but then he’s a Gryffindor and did he really have a plan in the first place?
There’s a vampire in his room, but Harry’s not about to let him ruin his bedsheets. Said
vampire blinked at him for a moment, narrowing his eyes, and some part of Harry’s mind
frantically wondered what by Merlin’s sock draw he thought he was doing ordering around a
dangerous creature like that. Then Sanguini gracefully slipped out of his shoes and promptly
lifted his feet up onto Harry’s bed. Well. He could live with that – granted he’s going to live
through this encounter.
“Why are you here… sir?” Crap, that kinda took the threat out of his tone. Sanguini wasn’t
one of his professors, nor was he one of the shopkeepers Harry always took care to address
with respect, yet the ‘sir’ had still slipped out.
His question was met with a terrifying smile. Too many teeth, too sharp incisors. But the
damned amused twinkle in dark eyes was still there.
“Sanguini,” he was corrected in a languid way, said vampire stretching lazily across the
whole width of Harry’s room in his slouch. “It’s what you wizards know me as at this point in
time and I quite enjoy the lacklustre irony of this denomination.”
Harry wasn’t sure he caught all that, but he did get it was okay to address the man by his
chosen name. Really now, technically Harry should insist on being called ‘Harley’ just out of
principle. Carefully eying Sanguini, knowing full well his wand was no defence at this short
a distance should the vampire decide to attack, Harry finally settled down again. Sitting on
the edge of his bed, he repeated his question, trying to ignore the way too dark eyes followed
his every move.
“It has been two months, yes?” The way-too-comfy-looking vampire questioned in some sort
of non sequitur, but Harry knew what he was talking about.
Even here, surrounded by all that made up his secret identity, dressed in silk and hair a just as
silky long mess, the memory was never far away. It lurked in the recesses of his mind, the
hollow left behind by the horcrux (secret, dirty, tainted), the rapidly filling void (dreams of
another kind, secret and forbidden, or were they?) calling to him every time he didn’t keep
himself busy. The fight, the end, the beginning of all that he was now… Harry wasn’t sure
what to call that day in the Department of Mysteries when Voldemort was finally defeated
and erased from this world. He gave a short nod to Sanguini’s likely rhetorical question. Not
even two full months ago and yet it felt like a lifetime away.

Reaching for one of the discarded books littering Harry’s small space, Sanguini glanced at
the title before his eyes flitted across the room, taking in the various topics or lack thereof
depicted on the moth-bitten covers and in colourfully marked paragraphs.
“You’re looking into rituals, doll?” He questioned, eyebrows raised in exaggerated
astonishment. “My, my, who would have thought.”
“Cleansing rituals,” Harry stressed, feeling his cheeks heat as if he had been caught doing
something forbidden. And if it wasn’t for this summer’s experiences, that was exactly what
he would be thinking had happened. “I know better than to just assume,” he felt the need to
add. The ‘now’ was left unsaid but heard either way.
“So you do,” Sanguini mused, flipping through the book in his hands. “Yet you’re clearly
lacking sources.” A long, deathly pale finger drifted along a passage in Harry’s edition of
Fantastic Beasts. “Your next best option would be Mabon,” he commented, eyes raising to fix
Harry in place, “Unless, of course, the matter is rather pressing.”
It was not a question, not quite, but the lilt in Sanguini’s voice said it all.
“I see,” the vampire continued as if Harry hadn’t just mutely stared him down. “Well then,
the moon chart seems a good choice,” he nodded at the chart Harry had used as bookmark in
the very book he was holding, a chart he had acquired in his third year when he first learned
about Remus and kept ever since. “It will be the next full moon, yes?”
Harry sighed. Vampires, apparently, could be worse than a certain headmaster when it came
to knowing things they shouldn’t even be aware of, or talking in riddles, or generally doing
the whole seemingly omniscient monologuing.
“Right.”
He was gifted a smile in answer, too bright like everything about the vampire was just that
tiny bit too much. Too deep eyes, too sharp teeth, too graceful movements, too sensual voice.
Not by a lot, no. If Harry hadn’t met the vampires that frequented Bandy-Legs, a group this
very vampire seemed to sometimes belong to, he likely wouldn’t have noticed. But he had
met them, had observed them interact with wizards, werewolves, hags and all the other nonhuman beings frequenting the pub.
“Oh come on, doll,” Sanguini finally groused, actually pouting at the young magi on the bed.
“I’m not going to run to that mighty headmaster of yours. That man has avoided helping us
one time too often, I certainly do not feel obliged to assist him in finding his golden boy.” He
gave Harry a once-over, eyes strangely soft for a moment. “But here I am,” he smirked then,
arms spreading out (and hitting the wall on his right). “A veritable source of information, all
the information a tiny hidden hero could want,” he added with the kind of eyebrow wiggle
Harry had only ever seen on Sirius. It was not a reassuring look…
Harry’s eyes went wide in realisation.

Hours later, first rays of sun starting to creep in through the not quite drawn curtains,
Sanguini was still there in Fergus Wanlockhead’s flat, hands busily gesticulating as he talked
unbeknownst to the actual owner of the place. Harry for his part was rapidly writing in one of
his many notebooks, trying to keep up with the positive deluge of information being dumped
on him.
“…magic is magic, but calling something with bad intent ‘dark’ makes differentiating things
easier, you see? It is a misconception of present times. But, and that is important, there is
black magic, love,” he was just adding, glancing over at his attentive audience to make sure
Harry was truly taking his words in.
Black magic, huh? Was this why the Blacks were called the way they were, Harry mused. He
wouldn’t be surprised if that were the case.
“I only read about this in a footnote,” Harry said, cocking his head thoughtfully. “None of the
books explained what made black magic black, what exactly made it so terrible. There were
just some vague mentions of rituals…,” he trailed off.
Which in turn had Harry wondering about his scar… Horcruxes were some form of ritual,
weren’t they? Not that he knew shit about the disgusting soul anchors. Yes, he technically
knew what they were, what they were meant to do. He even understood they needed human
sacrifice- oh. Well. This might just be it, what made horcruxes black magic. But he couldn’t
ask. No one was to know.
“Ah yes,” Sanguini nodded thoughtfully, “I should add that just like people decided to
categorize between dark and light, they did once upon a time single out the branch of
sacrificial magic and called it black. You did not think those cutesy sacrifices of grain ear
dolls during festivals came out of nothing, did you now?”
Considering Harry’s thoughts had just been lingering on horcruxes and what Voldemort had
done to achieve them… no, actual human sacrifice did not come as much of a surprise. He
wished it had, though.
“But why black?”
“Black as the night, the time humans naturally fear, the time they hide and sleep through if
they can… or used to, anyway.” There was a somewhat wistful look to the vampire as he
stared at the slowly growing sunlight insistently and inexorably making its way into the
room.
And Harry wasn’t going to think on that any further.
“What about the Unforgivables then?” He questioned instead, pausing in his rapid writing
and squinting over at his uninvited guest. “I was thinking… you know, the Cruciatus… it’s
just.. isn’t it technically just stimulating nerve endings?”
Harry would have never dared to voice this kind of theory before this summer, or even in
front of anyone that knew who he really was. Yet here was Sanguini, not only knowing

Harry’s identity, but a big secret, Harley, too and Harry really couldn’t explain why he felt
safe blurting out something like this.
“Oh you’re not all that far off, my darling little magi-child,” Sanguini agreed from where he
was elegantly slouched in Harry’s lonely chair, socked feet propped up on the bed. Harry still
could barely believe he made the vampire take off his shoes through a stare-down. It seemed
surreal to think scrawny Harry, even in nice dresses, was capable of such a thing. “Not far
off, no, but not quite right either,” Sanguini drawled and met his host’s eyes with a lazy
smirk.
Something in that gaze made Harry blush.
The vampire’s smirk grew even wider.
Harry blinked, feeling the heat rise to his ears.
“Now, yes,” Sanguini continued in a too seductive purr, “Stimulating the… nerve endings is
indeed part of this carnal form of magic, doll,” he finally relented, pronunciation of certain
words just this side of suggestive that Harry really didn’t need his last words to cotton on:
“But yes, what is commonly called the Cruciatus Curse these days holds its origins in simple,
yet so wonderfully useful, sex magic.”
He woke with a start. Again. Again? Glancing around his tiny room, Harry blinked in
confusion. Everything was as it should be: books and notes strewn around in strategical heaps
that allowed him a way to the door that led by his new trunk filled with absolutely carefully
folded clothes. The curtains were drawn and he noticed new, more, ink smudges on his
hands… Had he fallen asleep taking notes? It wouldn’t be the first time. Yes, everything
looked as it should be – yet not. Something… there was a smell..
Sanguini.
Throwing the too hot blanket off of himself, Harry chanced a glance at his legs… no skirt. In
fact, he was wearing his sleep clothes and his hair was loosely braided like he had started
doing ever since he learned to make a decent braid. Did that mean Sanguini’s visit had been
nothing but a dream? Memories of the touchy-feely yet so very helpful vampire rose up from
his sleep-addled mind. No, he could still recall the man sitting in his creaky chair, feet
propped up and talking animatedly. Dark magic, light magic, intent, rituals. Purification and
human sacrifice. It was a lot, it was confusing, he really wanted Hermione here, butA ray of the already warm morning sun highlighted a new book sitting on the cushion next to
him. There was no title on the cover, but somehow Harry just knew he would find
information on cleansing rituals and maybe something more, forgotten about information,
inside. And on top of the age-worn book sat an open package of Bertie Bott’s Every Flavour
Beans… including a colourful Pygmy Puff already munching on the questionable
confections.
“I’m so going to call you Botts now, or Bean or something,” Harry muttered, eying the
cheeky thing currently taking a big, for a Pygmy Puff, chomp out of a vanilla-coloured bean.

“And I hope that one is snot-flavour,” he added vindictively as he reached out to save the rest
of his present.

Chapter End Notes

One last chapter in 2020.
I'm not going to try and say some empty words about new beginnings, because right
now they would just feel wrong.
But whatever you endured this year, the fact you're reading this means: You survived.
The sun still rises every morning and so do we. Stay safe.

Chapter 22: Counting
Chapter Notes

Well hello. Fancy seeing you here! It has been… 15 months?
Also, I have no idea what I'm doing here. :D

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Three days later, on a lazy Sunday 25th, Harry finally received an impatiently awaited
response. He had spread out his notes and a certain tome near the back of the empty parlour
for once, a spot of sunlight from one of the skylights warming his feet, a steaming cup of the
tea Fergus reserved for only the two of them sitting at his elbow.
It was with a whisper of wings in the otherwise still air that an owl swooped in, making
Harry look up from an especially engrossing passage about the deeper meaning and
usefulness of numbers used in rituals. (It went a bit over his head, maybe he should go for a
version of ‘Arithmancy for Dummies’ first.) The owl was… different, he supposed described
the obvious unease of the bird. And nervous, or maybe just unsure what to do? They fluttered
about the parlour uncertainly, aiming this way and that, before coming to sit high up on one
of the massive beams beneath the roof. There they kept hopping back and forth, ruffling their
feathers, and generally appearing uncomfortable. Cocking his head, Harry slowly got up,
careful to keep his movement unthreatening.
Up close, or as close as Harry could get, the owl appeared unusually unkempt for a wizarding
post carrier. Not dirty, but somehow missing the carefully groomed appearance he was used
to. The behaviour too was an obvious give-away, but the thought was still unsettling in more
than one way: Was this a wild owl? Who would be using an untrained wild owl to carry
personal mail? And why?
The only reason Harry could think of in that moment was subterfuge. Mail send with official
carriers like those in the owl post office was traceable. Getting a wild bird to deliver
something for you, though, was not only untraceable (unless caught in a spell somehow), but
also meant someone capable of convincing an untamed creature to do their bidding. Or
maybe it was a favour of some sort? To this day he wasn’t sure how Sirius managed to
convince those flashy tropical birds to carry his first letters back after third year all across the
ocean. But what bird would strike a deal with a.. human…
As the bird was bobbing their head agitatedly at the wizard’s approach, Harry felt the literal
Lumos going off in his mind. Of course. There really was only one person right now that
would go the lengths of hunting down a wild owl and somehow managing to convince them
to carry their mail. Remus had all the reasons and possible skills to be that person. Staying at
Order headquarters, keeping an eye on the proceedings of the search for Harry. He could just

imagine how hard it was to have any privacy with people like Mad Eye Moody around, the
memorable holidays he spent at the dilapidated Black estate still fresh in his mind.
Irritable barking brought Harry abruptly back from memory lane.
“You know,” he addressed the bird, “If you want me to hurry up, might come down and let
me take that letter?”
Oh that was the wrong thing to say, apparently. Really, he lived with Hedwig, he should
know better. He got a hiss in warning, a sound he was not completely unused to, but still
unsettling. It just wasn’t a sound one expected a bird to make.
“Yes, I know, that was dumb,” Harry agreed, wincing at the baleful glare sent his way. “Let’s
try again, okay?”
Gentling his voice, but more importantly his magic, he reached out with both. Thank you,
Treasach, for teaching him.
“Hey there, buddy,” he crooned, slowly reaching his arm up to provide a possible landing
space and letting his magic twine around the words. “What you got there, mh?”
Suspicious yellow eyes pinned him in place, eyebrow-like plumage markings drawing down
over the luminous gaze.
“You’re a judgy one, hey?” Harry couldn’t help be amused. That gaze was like a blend
between McGonagall’s unimpressed I-know-you-are-up-to-no-good and Snape’s You-are-fullof-shit-and-you-know-it glare. “I’m Ha- …Harley, by the way. Could I interest you in some
bacon?”
Silently accio-ing said leftovers - the yellow gaze never leaving him - Harry held his offering
aloft with his other hand. That was clearly the right call, as a second later he had a scruffy
bird perched on his arm, claws digging in just a bit too strongly, as the owl gluttoned
themselves on bacon. Harry wisely kept his hands to himself for now, not wanting to spook
his newest acquaintance by trying to touch them.
Post owls had an inherent magic, he had read in one of his first-year books recently, that
would lead them to the correct person even though they quite certainly could not read the
address on their burden. Was that how this one had found him considering the whole HarleyHarry business when not even the headmaster and all his considerable magic had managed to
track him down yet?
Then again, that ministry bird bringing his OWL results had managed it as well, even though
some sort of anonymization had happened on the name… yet no owl bearing Dumbledore’s
well-meaning disappointment had managed to reach him. Just another thing he really should
be looking into. Before, Hedwig had taken care of his personal correspondence, and he had
wanted to get his OWL results, so maybe it was intent? And yes, he had wanted to get a
response from Remus, but wasn’t that a bit too easy? Wouldn’t that mean his own magic lead
the post carriers and decided which one could find him? Also, was there such a thing as
magical owl breeds or could just any owl do it? What was the difference? He couldn’t recall

ever having so many questions churning around his head that weren’t in some form related to
a certain very-much-dead dark lord.
It took a while (and all of the bacon) before the wild owl let Harry take the letter. His fingers
still got nipped rather harshly and the bird was gone in a skittish flutter a second later. The
letter turned out to really be from Remus, bringing back the memory of an angrily scribbled
note and fire…
Cub,
First off: excuse the owl, but needs must. I found him in the park near Padfoot’s place
and thought he was a charming fellow. Only bit me thrice.
Huffing in amused exasperation, Harry plopped himself back down by his tea and notes.
Only thrice, huh?
A word of advice from an old hand in the game: The best way to avoid detection by
wizards is always going the muggle route. I am sure you noticed by now how admirably
ignorant most of us are of the world outside our little niche. But if only magical means
will get the deed done, always use an unregistered carrier. And yes, Harry, Hedwig is
registered. Although she should not be registered as specifically your owl, she would
still be in the system as an official post owl sold to a private buyer.
Well, that was certainly interesting. Harry briefly wondered if the fact Hagrid had gotten him
Hedwig would change anything, and if so, what kind of data really was registered when
selling post owls. Didn’t these kinds of things fall under the secrecy of correspondence? Did
magi have a fundamental right to secrecy of correspondence? Wait. Did the Wizarding World
even have fundamental rights?
Rubbing his forehead in aggravation at his own lack of knowledge, Harry focused back on
Remus’ letter.
Speaking of mischievous owls, I have to say, all this sneaking around and giving the
Order the run-around brings back memories of the Marauders. Your father would have
loved all this. Well, at least the part where his son is leading around a good dozen of
fully grown wizards by their robe strings. You still have them completely blindsided, cub.
They were so sure you would turn up in Diagon Alley at some point. Just to be safe,
though: Keep avoiding the Leaky Cauldron, the ice cream parlour and the Quidditch
store. I know for a fact that Order members have been stationed there permanently and
in Tom’s case have been told to keep a look-out specifically for you.
At this point Harry wasn’t even surprised anymore by the lengths the headmaster was going
to. Well, he was slightly miffed that the man apparently believed Harry’s interests solely
revolved around food and Quidditch. Okay, so maybe that would have been not too far off a
year or so ago…
There was another Order meeting today. I apologize, cub, but this close to the moon it
was impossible not to speak up about Mundungus’ appalling behaviour towards
SiriPadfoot’s legacy. Pads always stood up for Mundungus, I can feel my wolf prowling

just thinking about your message! I do not think they made the connection. But, really,
setting a whole stall on fire, Harry?
The headmaster did make sure to remind Mundungus that the Order’s purpose is the
fight against You-Know-Who. We are not a group of petty criminals, as Molly put it.
Albus then went on by bringing up the blood wards around your home again. He thinks
it of the utmost importance that you return even if just for a day to keep them running.
Harry, whatever else might be said about Headmaster Dumbledore, and as much as I
disagree on ever letting you go back there, I do think he truly believes to act in your best
interests. He honestly believes that you will need your relatives’ home as a safe space
away from the Wizarding World’s hysterics about you.
The thought about Fletcher had not only Moony prowling. Harry still felt the itch to set
something on fire, something more than just that tarp full of stolen goods. And to be honest,
wasn’t that bit about the Order’s purpose a little hypocritical considering Dumbledore had
been using the group’s resources all summer to supposedly find Harry? Voldemort was gone.
There was no bloody need to safeguard Harry like this any longer. And speaking of guarding
him, what was this about blood wards again?! He had been so sure that ship had sailed the
day he decided to go against the headmaster’s direct order and left the Dursley residence
behind.
He was not going back. No matter what else he decided to do with his life, he was not going
back to the Dursleys.
That said, voices of discontent are getting louder in the Order. People do no longer truly
see the need for it as You-Know-Who is gone. They want to leave the past, and all our
losses, behind and I cannot begrudge them this want. I should be glad about this, as
should you, but I cannot help but be disgusted angry on your behalf. With the exception
of a few, they just no longer care even though to them you have vanished from the face of
the earth.
On that note:
I might not have been able to visit Padfoot, but I do have a sneaking suspicion that two
redheaded someones had more luck. The twins looked suspiciously unconcerned with the
whole topic of a missing Potter as well. Anything you want to tell me there?
With a squeak (cough, manly noise of surprise, cough) Harry dropped the letter and slapped
his hands over his rapidly heating face. Counting back from 10, he listened to his fluttering
heartbeat for a moment, before looking up at the ceiling. Well, at least he was alone for this.
It wasn’t as if Remus knew what he had just asked. It just so happened that the last time
Harry had seen the twins he had not only just wanked to an incestuous imagery of them,
using their shower and shampoo while at it, but also had just been perceived as himself - as in
Harry Potter, not Harley. And maybe he had done a runner right after. And hadn’t so much as
sent an owl ever since.

Yeah, it was safe to say that Harry in all his glorious teenage wisdom had very wisely ignored
the obvious Hippogriff in the room and very much not confronted his feelings. His feelings
for a pair of handsome, roguish, mischievous pranksters with too knowing smiles, too much
consideration and, and…
Right. Back to the letter.
Cub, I miss you. Is there a way you could safely make your way to my apartment in
London? The one I sent you the keys to in the last letter. It didn’t look like anyone had
been there when last I went to check which gives me hope that your current
accommodations are much better than the Order has quite theatrically been theorizing.
If you do want to visit, make sure to take the muggle route. You likely know your way
around the subway better than I ever will.
I will be there on the 29th. Me leaving for the moon won’t raise any suspicions as
headquarters currently is quite the busy place, so it should be safe. And Harry, do not,
under any circumstance, come there early.
Take care.
Remus
Ps How is your homework coming along? Have you been to the public library on Vertic
yet?
And there it was, the stab of guilt when thinking about returning to Hogwarts. Harry had
honestly avoided thinking about school, or more specifically thinking about returning to
school, these last days. It was easy enough what with work, his fears about the twins knowing
the truth (although going by this letter, they didn’t seem inclined to share their knowledge
with the Order), and of course all that information suddenly in reach after Sanguini’s visit.
If he was being brutally honest with himself, he knew he didn’t want to return. Oh he would
miss Hogwarts. Dearly. Desperately, actually. But what he wouldn’t miss was the people
there, the expectations, the constant switching from adoration to shunning by the drop of a
hat. He would miss his friends, but hadn’t he made new ones here outside the little bubble
that was Hogwarts? And he could always see Hermione, Ron, Gin, Luna, Neville and all the
others during the holidays. Him staying in the Wizarding World would actually make regular
visits with all of them possible. That is, if he could somehow hide the whole Harley
masquerade while still using it to keep his freedom.
But that last one was a thought for another day, he would confront that issue when it actually
became one. (No, he was not again wilfully ignoring a certain twin situation. He was
prioritising. See? Very mature of him.) He already knew he wasn’t in any danger of being
denied access to his magic because he had managed to pass enough OWLs. And he had read
those leaflets from Lycus’ bookshop, he knew he could take more OWLs at the Ministry and
even go on and take his NEWTs there if he so wished. All he really needed to do was apply.
If he actually dropped out of school, there wouldn’t even be a time limit as to when he had to
take those examinations. Sure, future employers where likely to give him some side-eye if he

took too long, but …let’s be honest, he was Harry Potter. And as much as he disliked the
hubbub that was generally made about that fact, it did have its upsides. Just the media
coverage alone any future establishment would receive for employing him would probably
guarantee him most jobs. Not that he intended to use this little aspect of his unwanted fame.
But it was soothing to know either way.
His thoughts were interrupted once again by the flutter of wings - and agitated noises of
discontent he couldn’t really name as either huffs or screeches or maybe squeaking or“Oh for Merlin’s saggy third ball, not again!”
In came Hedwig, her gorgeous glowy plumage still slightly marred by flecks of browns,
flapping her wings dramatically.
“Is that Bean?” Harry asked his owl aghast at the sight of a certain colourful fluffball caught
in a vicious beak being rudely thrown, caught in deadly talons, and thrown again all over the
parlour. “Hedwig! Let them down!”
Giving him the evil eye, his beloved owl flew up into the highest rafters, settled herself there
comfortably… before unceremoniously dropping her fluffy burden. Of course this would be
the moment Harry forgot the little fact that he was indeed a wizard. Shouting, he dived to
catch his Pygmy Puff, just barely managing and cradling the tiny thing to his chest while
landing face first on the rough parlour floor. Seeker reflexes without a broom weren’t much
to write home about, apparently.
“Oh no no no, please don’t be…” Sitting up, Harry looked down at the little thing in his
hands that he wasn’t yet sure was actually a living breathing being and not just a really clever
enchantment. “Be okay, you hear me? What am I going to tell the twins, if… not that they’re
ever gonna talk to me again, but… oh good, you’re still…er.. alive?”
The big luminous eyes blinking up at him seemed no worse for wear, although Bean’s fur
looked a little ragged. For all but the moment it took for Harry to make eye contact, anyway.
Glowing briefly golden, the Pygmy Puff visibly recovered, using… Harry’s magic to restore
itself? Considering this was quite reminiscent of the moment the fluff ball had decided to
change its colours back in the twins’ store, Harry wasn’t too fazed. Really, he was just glad
the thing was whole again. And maybe wondering why his magic chose to manifest in
rainbow fur.
Glancing up, he frowned at Hedwig. She had been quite the priss ever since Harry had dared
to mar her very recognisable plumage so that she would still be able to carry his post
anonymously. Hedwig also had not taken well to the new addition, but honestly, this was
getting ridiculous.
“Seriously, lovely, this can’t go on,” Harry admonished. “If this is you being territorial, just-”
He rubbed a hand through his hair agitatedly, messing up his braid in the process. “You’re not
replaceable, Hedwig. You know this, right?”
He got a reproachful bark in response, but at least she wasn’t turning away from him like she
had started doing lately. He wasn’t going to try and pet her any time soon, but this was an

improvement at least. Well, for him anyway. With a sigh too heavy for his 16 years, Harry got
up, taking Bean back with him as he went to sit in his corner again.
Running his fingers absentmindedly through rainbow fur, he looked back down at Remus’
letter. Meeting up would be wonderful. There was a reason for his very concentrated effort at
immersion into the newly discovered wonders of the Wizarding World, a reason for the way
he slipped into the role of the unassuming waitress near effortlessly, a reason for the need to
fill his mind with all the new information he could get his hands on. Well, there were actually
a handful of those reasons, but one was a very Sirius-shaped ache in his chest that maybe,
just maybe, would be soothed by seeing Remus… by seeing Sirius’ mate and by the sounds
of it, being forgiven for his stupid, short-sighted mistake.
Merlin, he had managed to not think about Sirius in his tiny dark hospital room for nearly a
week. Harry felt abruptly sick. He was the absolute worst person in the world. Here he was,
spending a relaxed day just leisurely reading (determinedly keeping his mind busy), playing
at romance (deceiving his friends), making plans for a future free of the responsibility his
very name had always carried (running away). And all this time Sirius was laid up in St
Mungo’s, comatose for unknown reasons, because he had come to Harry’s aid. Had come
help Harry when Harry should have known better, when it was Harry’s fault that anyone was
in danger that day in the first placeBean chirped at him.
“Right,” Harry sighed. “You’re right, there’s not really anything I can do about it,” he
muttered to the fluff ball, blinking rapidly to keep from feeling even shittier.
Or was there? Harry was no healer and he couldn’t be sure how adept the middle-aged healer
he had bribed hired to take care of his godfather was. He could really only hope for the best
on that front, but he could actually do something for Sirius’ reputation. Well, at least he could
try. Harry already knew that people, as much as they currently were once again treating him
with misplaced reverence, were never likely to listen to a 16-year-old kid informing them
about their own misgivings. People in general did not like to be made aware of their
mistakes. But Harry had the significant advantage of being on a first name basis with the
current Minister.
Granted, Kingsley was technically only Interim Minister (Or that’s what Hermione had called
it. Really, with the public opinion so obnoxiously light-oriented, Harry thought it would need
Dumbledore stepping up himself for anyone to beat Kingsley to the position now.), but he
was the one in power right now. No time like the present to make use of the hype and fame he
never wanted.
“Do you think I could just write him a letter?” Harry asked the fluff now sitting on the
notebook he had solely dedicated to the heavy tome a certain vampire had left him.
Bean gave him a solemn blink of currently golden eyes.
“Kingsley’s part of the Order and they are.. were…? All looking for me this summer,” Harry
continued, trying to hype himself up a bit for the idea. “If I were to send the letter with

Hedwig and have her go straight to Mione or Ron afterwards, it should be safe, right? And he
would know it’s really me because of Hedwig, and-”
Said owl gave a soft hoot that Harry decided to interpret as agreement.
“Alright.” Harry nodded to himself, pulling a sheet of parchment over. “Let’s do this.”
It was better than beating himself up over things out of his control. At least he could try.

Later, when Hedwig was only a speck of white in the sky, winging her way to the esteemed
Ministry of Magic, Harry turned back to his vampire gift. He would have his purification
ritual in three days, on the 28th which would be the only full moon before Mabon and
therefore Harry’s only chance to clear away the negative magic residue on his core.
Would he even be up to visiting Remus?
Having listened to Sanguini for hours and having immersed himself quite a bit in the book
the vampire had left him, Harry had a better, if still hazy on the exact details, understanding
of what was ahead of him. He understood that the attack in Knockturn that night (and, though
he didn’t tell Fergus this, all his previous encounters of the same fashion) had left him with
more than a bruised back. The physical injuries of magical attacks were the most obvious but
not the only damage that could happen. It was much more complicated and Harry didn’t
delude himself into thinking he had even grasped the most basic rules of it. All he could
really say so far was that magical cores were like very intricately woven balls of yarn (that
got drafted into being Crookshank’s toy), each and every one individual in its make-up and
sensitive to outward influences.
Only they weren’t actually spheres of any kind at all and magi only used the spheric form to
help visualise and- yeah. It was complicated. So he had decided to think of the residue stuff
as bruising on his not-quite-yarn-shaped magical core. He was also loath to call the residue
‘dark magic’ as it was wholly intent based, if Sanguini was to be believed.
But back to his vampire gift.
Feeling quite safe in the empty pub on a Sunday, he had felt secure in reading his newest
book out in the open for once. There was a certain magic to the tome. He had no doubt it was
very much priceless, something he would never be able to find in any common bookstore or
the public library on Vertic Alley that had completely slipped his mind until Remus reminded
him. He should swing by there and check their opening times soon. But this book,
ridiculously heavy and soft from what Harry thought were likely centuries of use, felt
different than anything he had ever touched. And it wasn’t just the material.
He had already filled half of the newest notebook with facts about rituals in general, the
context of magical holidays and possible effects on the magic of the people participating.
And Magic, with a capital M. Magic as an entity. The book stated all these things as facts,
things that had only ever been alluded to in the other texts he had read this summer (which

admittedly weren’t many apart from his old school books) or mentioned in passing in the
conversations he had overheard in the pub. It was… a completely new world in a way.
A world, Harry felt, he actually wanted to be a part of. Which, after his experiences these last
five years, had ceased to be the case a while back. He wasn’t sure when it happened, maybe
sometime around when an 11-year-old obliterated a man and no one so much as batted an
eye. Little Harry back in his first year had been awestruck by the magical world and hell-bent
on being a part of it, never realising he was missing too much context to begin with. Then, of
course, his misadventures all over the school grounds, and in the last two years notably
branching out further, had happened.
Let’s just say it had been some time since Harry had felt he could actually belong. Felt like he
wanted to belong.
There was a tiny chirrup and Harry glanced back up from the heavy pages to find Bean sitting
next to his tea cup. Ever since Sanguini left a bag of Berty Bott’s, the Pygmy Puff had started
showing interest in actual food now and then. Harry, admittedly, hadn’t really thought much
about it considering Fred had made it quite clear the little creatures were beings of magic.
Enchantments? Clever Transfiguration? Or maybe an actual breed? Either way, if Harry had
his CoMC information right, they technically should be powered by either ambient magicks
or the power of their chosen individual. Bean did both, it seemed.
“Want some?” Harry questioned, reaching over to see if his companion was interested in the
last few sips, only to freeze.
There, at the bottom of his very empty tea cup, were the dregs of what used to be Fergus’
preferred blend. Only, the mush formed a picture that even Harry with his questionable
understanding of the craft of Tessomancy could clearly recognise. In a form much too clear to
be coincidental the number 3 showed itself on the bottom of Harry’s cup. Now, if only he had
not left behind the dreaded Unfogging the Future Trelawney had liked to reference in her
class (whenever she wasn’t busy monologuing over unfortunate students and their likely
passing) when he ran for it earlier this summer. (*)
Outside a pub down a shady alley two young men were staring down the washed-out wood of
an ominous door. Getting here in broad daylight opposed to their last visit at night held a
special sort of exhilaration that set their senses on full alert. Nerves prickling with a mix of
the anticipation of solving a mystery that reminded them of their school days in an ancient
castle full of hidden passages, the worry about a dear friend, and something more. Something
deeper and achingly familiar yet new.
Two freckled hands reaching for each other in an unconscious gesture of seeking and
providing comfort, Fred and George Weasley prepared to confront their latest fear. Although
they had known this person for such a short time, the mere thought that they might be wrong
about this was nerve-wrecking.
They might lose a friend today.
They might find one thought lost.

And maybe they would walk home with broken hearts later.
But maybe, just maybe…

Chapter End Notes

Quite a few owls, quite some numbers. Oh and a cliffhanger. Mhm what was this arc
called again...
(*) Tessomancy (aka Tasseography, tasseomancy, tassology, or tasseology) is a
divination or fortune-telling method that interprets patterns in tea leaves, coffee grounds,
or wine sediments.
Also, is it just me or... seriously, I have no idea where the last year went. Sorry about
that.

Chapter 23: Glowing
Chapter Notes

Hi, excuse the cursing ;)
Because there was some confusion: the snippets in cursive are quotes from the Daily
Prophet articles that I sprinkled through the earlier chapters.
IT'S TIME!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Sunday, 25th August 1996
The sun’s golden light was casting ever deeper shadows along the dusty alley known not for
its oh so clever name but its inhabitants. Although, George thought distractedly, Knockturn
Alley truly was more known for what people thought they knew about its inhabitants, wasn’t
it? Much like Harry himself. In any case, Harry had picked quite the Slytherin hide-out while
going at it in bold Gryffindor fashion… and maybe George should stop thinking so much in
school house categories?
“(…) colour of the year! The Saviour wasn’t available for comment, but close friends of
his claim Harry Potter always has had a special spot in his heart for the colour… (…)”
Fred at his side gave an impatient sigh – both at the waiting they were doing yet again and
the wandering thoughts he could just tell his twin was once more indulging in. Gred and his
spacing, seriously. How did he even manage to think about anything else but the view right in
front of them?
There was Harley, just visible through the grimy windows, cute ruffled skirt swaying around
those toned thighs with every step, as they focused on prepping the parlour… Fred gave
himself a mental clap on the back. That was the correct way of saying it, wasn’t it? If Harry
was Harley, then he couldn’t go and think of Harley as a ‘she’ – unless that was what Harry
would prefer? But thinking of Harry as Harry and ‘he’ while looking at him dressed up like
this was going to take some real dedication, too, what with society training them to associate
skirts and dresses with girls. And wasn’t it a disguise anyway? Or… was it? Considering how
long this prank had been going, Fred felt his thoughts going all knotty at trying to point out
where one started and the other ended.
He sighed again, now he was spacing too. Damn. It was a headache, but an interesting one,
and Fred really wanted to address that whole point of… well, address, because he was
invested, wasn’t he? So he would go with ‘they’ until he knew more. He could do that much
and it made his brain hurt less. Now, if they could just move already. He gave his feet a
frustrated glance where they felt very much rooted to the spot.

“(…) witnesses claiming to have seen Harry Potter himself at the magical resort
Renaissance Island, Aruba! Surely this glamorous holiday destination (…)”
“Found it yet?” Forge asked Gred.
“Still scraping around,” Gred answered Forge.
Well, Gryffindor courage could sometimes be hard to come by.
“You gonna confront them any time soon?” Fergus’ deep voice rumbled from behind the bar
making Harry twitch in place.
Technically he knew it was hot out and the parlour of Bandy-Legs only moderately cooler
than the outside, but he couldn’t help the shiver running down his back. Well, that and the
cold sweat breaking out every time he so much as glanced at the twins not far outside the
entrance. They were just standing there in the middle of Knockturn Alley like they hadn’t
been attacked here a few days back, like they weren’t garnering suspicious and hostile looks
from everyone passing by while they just stood there baking in the late afternoon sun.
Why were they even here?
And yes, Harry very much preferred pretending he hadn’t noticed them over actually
approaching them. But Fergus was right. It was dangerous for them to stand out there, not to
mention the bar would open soon and customers were bound to start trickling in. He huffed
and stared hopefully (piteously) at his boss. Couldn’t he“No,” Fergus snorted before Harry ever even tried asking out loud. “Don’t get me wrong.
Ain’t too averse to seeing those two menaces taken down ‘nother peck or ten, but you’re the
kind that’s gonna feel bad for them.” He sat down the bottle he had been inspecting, giving
Harry a long-suffering look of his own. “You can play hide ‘n seek all you want, but those
two have the potential to be major game changers one way or the other.” He cracked his neck
lazily, having used up his words for the day. “Wanna make sure they’re on your side then,” he
added in a grumble before moving up the stairs towards his flat, conversation very much
over.
"(…) and what would his parents, the late Lord and Lady Potter, say about their son
traipsing all around the world instead of focusing on his duties at home? But surely the
Saviour would never abandon the good and righteous people of.. (…)"
He wasn’t sure what had finally made them step inside. Maybe they just couldn’t stand the
burning summer sun any longer, or maybe they had finally decided on how to go about
breaking his heart. And didn’t that just sound pathetic?
Either way, when the twins stepped into the parlour, doors creaking ominously where they
were swinging slightly in place before settling down, Harry felt himself go very still. This
was it. They were now going to throw the whole Harley farce into his face, probably laugh at
his disguise while at it – never mind he was wearing one of those gorgeous swaying skirts the
twins had bought for him… for Harley in muggle London.

It didn’t matter anymore now, did it? He had deceived them, decided to keep on deceiving
them more than once and then had gone and busted his own lie in front of them. It didn’t
change the ache in his chest any. Harry could hear tiny Bean meeping softly at him from
inside his apron’s pocket.
The one in front was Fred, he thought, always straight-forward, not meant to wait and
evaluate. But George was just a step behind, holding a package wrapped in brown,
nondescript paper. There was a moment of absolute stillness in which the three stared at each
other from across the otherwise empty parlour. Harry had the absurd thought of a stare down
in a saloon, some random eagle calling dramatically in the background, right out of one of
those wild west movies his cousin enjoyed… oh and there he was again with basing reality in
movies.
“Errr,” Fred finally voiced, awkwardly scratching at the back of his head for a moment,
before straightening. There was a light in his eyes, an expression hidden behind a mien of
determinedness, that Harry couldn’t place. “We need to talk.”
A second.
And another.
Then George started guffawing from behind his twin, stepping up and bumping their
shoulders together.
“Bro,” he snorted. “Did you really just go for the whole ‘We need to talk’ spiel?”
“What was I supposed to say? Comment on the freaking oven that is the weather or
something?” Fred cried in offence, the two dissolving into squabbling between themselves.
Fred and George.
George and Fred.
They were the same as always, yet not.
Harry wasn’t sure how to react. Part of him wanted to just stand there and stare at these two,
drinking in his fill of their presence before they remembered why they were even there. (And
how by Merlin’s sock draw did they manage to look so pristine in this heat, wearing buttondowns and all?)
Another part, the one that had him clenching his hands into his skirt to hide the tremble there
not only from the twins but from himself as well… let’s just say the thought of up and
running, maybe find another place, start over yet again, didn’t sound so daunting anymore.
Really, he could probably get an apartment in the Muggle World now that he officially had
his OWLs and no reason to fear ‘underage magic’ …
He never ran from danger. He always faced it head on, even sought it out as some critical
voices liked to snarkily point out.
Or did he?

Did he always stand up to his fears like the Gryffindor he was supposed to be? Wasn’t he
currently cultivating his inner Slytherin, hiding in plain sight, fooling everyone to his own
advantage? The Slytherin the Sorting Hat had time and again told him he truly was. Harry
had wanted to believe it had been Voldemort in his head the hat had sensed, as disturbing as
that thought was. (Not thinking about it.)
But deep down he had always known the truth.
And if he was being honest with himself, Harry didn’t think using the disguise of ‘Harley’
was in any way shape or form wrong. He was so done with being the figurehead of a war he
had never understood, an ideology he had poked holes into all through summer. He was done
with being everyone’s scapegoat, hailed in class with Merlin one moment, shunned and
treated like the source of all misfortune the next. (And let’s not even get him started on the
ridiculousness that was the house system at Hogwarts. Which eleven-year-old is set in their
ways anyway?)
So why, why was he now contemplating turning tail and just run?
A tiny tongue licking against his cramping fingers managed to finally shake Harry from his
panicky thoughts. Glancing down, he watched Bean make their way out of the pocket and
precariously balancing in the cloth folds.
“Hey, what are you doing?” Harry couldn’t help but question out loud as he carefully cupped
his hands around the fluff ball. “It’s not like you have legs or something, you know?” He
lifted the Pygmy Puff up to eye level, deciding to ignore the sudden silence from the twins.
No more time for panic attacks, all this waiting around for the inevitable wasn’t Harry’s thing
anyway. They were here, in broad daylight. No fear of being seen, even after that attack…
stupid. So very stupid, yet“Well, if it isn’t the estranged feather duster?” Fred commented suddenly very much in front
of Harry.
“Little rainbow-y extra,” George added, checking the Pygmy Puff over from Harry’s other
side. “Did you get an upgrade to sidekick already?”
“Guys-”
Harry didn’t get a say in the matter, though. Bean, loyal thing that they were, puffed up in
Harry’s cupped hands and stared down the looming twins.
“What?” They questioned in unison, looking from the Puff to Harry and back.
Only to be blown a tiny raspberry before Bean turned and cuddled up to Harry’s thumb.
“Oi!” Fred cried out in surprise. “We’re your makers, fuzzy!”
George, eyebrows raised but a calculating glint in his eyes, nodded sagely at his twin’s side.
“Such betrayal-”

“Treason!”
“Perfidy!”
The door swinging open at their backs luckily stopped the twins from once again devolving
into one of their verbal vomit spats. It also spurred Harry into motion as he realised the time
and the fact that patrons were already arriving. Hurriedly tucking an indignant Bean back into
his apron’s pocket, he had his wand out and was directing the last seats from where they had
still been stacked on a few tables.
The first one through the door was a nondescript wizard in robes just this side short of being
shabby that Harry recognized but had never so much as exchanged a word with before. He
was one of those few that tended to come early, stay late, and hold onto a single drink
throughout the whole night. A drink he generally ordered from Fergus, never so much as
gracing Harry with more than a passing glance. Which would be fine normally, but his boss
wasn’t around yet and the twins were already making nuisances out of themselves.
Because, obviously.
“Ah duty calls,” George sighed theatrically.
“Rest, ye matters of the heart,” Fred proclaimed, hand grasping in an overt gesture at the
fabric across his chest.
The wizard stopped short, frowned at the three occupants of the parlour, eyes roaming the
space with a hint of desperation before his gaze settled with a scowl on Harry.
“Ocky Rot, …mate,” he settled on ordering. “And don’t try to give me one of those flimsy
muggle glasses, I want a proper tankard.”
Glancing at the twins for a second, Harry straightened his apron and settled back into his role.
He was Harley, the waitress of Bandy-Legs and this was a customer. With a nod just as much
to the wizard as to himself he was off behind the counter, gently nudging Bean to keep them
in his pocket as he went. The twins had gone silent in the background – never a good sign if
you asked Harry – but he forced himself to concentrate on the low-quality liquor he was
pouring. Berry Ocky Rot was a sort of fruit wine with some 15 or more percent alcohol.
Magi, as he had learned, served the brew hot when coming in tankards and cold when in
glasses, so a warming charm it was. And even though cooling charms still went a bit wonky
for him, warming charms had been added to his repertoire over the last weeks.
As the alcohol-heavy steam of the hot and somehow frothing wine rose to his nose, Harry
hurriedly set the tankard down in front of the still scowling wizard. He could see the twins
from the corner of his eye whispering and watching. Plotting. Yeah, that wouldn’t do.
“Anything else?” Harry politely asked, getting a grunt in reply he was going to interpret as a
negative. “Right. Okay.” He could see Fred edging closer, one hand behind his back and
nope, not gonna happen. “Fergus will be down shortly,” he informed the man before turning
to the twins. “Come on up, I think… I think, you’re right. We need to talk.”

He once again ignored his fluttering nerves, jittery hands and the little voice scathingly
questioning why he was even bothering… Even if they forgave him, they wouldn’t
understand. It was weird what he was doing here, wasn’t it? He was weird, a freak, always
had been. But they were here now and clearly up to no good. Whatever else was about to
happen, Harry wasn’t going to let them do anything that would hurt Fergus’ business. Not on
his watch. Squaring his shoulders, Harry grasped at his vaunted Gryffindor courage. He could
do this. He would do this.
There was a snort and some incomprehensible muttering from the customer, but neither Harry
nor the twins had a mind to check what that was about right then and there. And really,
George’s eyes were busy straying to the hem of a certain skirt as he and his brother followed
Harley up the narrow stairway anyway.

The room was tiny. The air was stuffy. There were pieces of parchment stuck to the walls on
three sides and heavy curtains letting in just enough light to see the neatly folded clothes on
the lonely chair. There wasn’t really any room for three, but the twins followed Harley in,
squeezing into the corners near the door, unwilling to occupy the single bed. Harley too
didn’t seem particularly comfortable standing there in the cramped space between bed and
wall. Their back to them, shoulders tense, and body rigid, Harley looked impossibly fragile
and George found himself wishing they would turn around.
“This is awkward,” Fred next to him stated the obvious, eliciting a little choking sound from
the lean figure in front of them. It sounded like Harley couldn’t decide whether to laugh or
cry and George just wanted to reach out“We brought your dress,” his brother went on, shifting his weight from foot to foot
unconsciously. “Repaired it and all.” Fred glanced his way, question in his eyes, but really,
George was stuck on wanting to grasp his hopefully-soon-to-be-love and hold the fuck on.
“Aw come on, Harley” his brother went on when still no one would say anything. George
silently wondered if tension could be visible or if the slight flickering that seemed to cling to
Harley was their magic manifesting. “Please turn around. I can’t with this tension,” Fred
moaned after no more than three more seconds of continued silence. “Harley,” he whined
obnoxiously.
And yeah, George thought, he really should appreciate his twin’s impatient all-or-nothing
attitude more, because Harley was laughing.

A smile was tugging at his lips. He couldn’t help himself, really. Those idiotic lovable sods.
So he was turning around, daring himself to look straight into their eyes… or George’s
apparently, as the younger twin immediately pushed forward, thrusting the package he had
been holding into Harry’s hands.
Not that Harry was looking, caught in the blue gaze, heart rate accelerating when calloused
hands touched his. Not that he really could bring himself to care for the dress he had honestly

missed when Fred huffed and shouldered his brother just enough aside that the two were
crowding Harry in the small space.
Only, Harry really didn’t feel crowded or trapped.
He felt safe.
Heart skipping, fingers tingling, cheeks warming… but secure. Secure in the sudden
knowledge that whatever else these two might be, they had never and would never be a threat
to him. There was something there, maybe the undefined light in Fred’s gaze, or the neardesperate way George’s hands were still clinging to his.
“Harry,” he heard himself correcting. “It’s Harry to you.”
He should have known. He really should have known better.
Should never have assumed, should never have judged and essentially made the decision for
them. Sure, it had been for his own safety in the beginning. But this was them, this was
George and Fred, this were the prankster twins that had stood by him every time the
wizarding populace decided to do another 180. They did it in their own unique way, but these
two were always on his side. So he wasn’t the girl they probably (maybe?) wanted, but he
was their friend and that counted for something, didn’t it?
Two blinding smiles, bright and relieved and… proud?
“That you are,” George agreed, fingers squeezing around Harry’s.
“That you will always be,” Fred added.
“Though if you wanna continue on as ‘Harley’, or go by ‘Hogwarts’, that’s fine too.”
“Doesn’t change a thing.”
“Makes me less likely to shout across the street, maybe.”
“Would shout it from the rooftops still, me.”
“Oh hoggy Hogwarts, my sweet!”
They shared a short grin before turning back to Harry.
“You’re you,” George settled on with a light shrug.
“And either you can wear them skirts, like wow,” Fred nodded vigorously.
Rapidly blinking up at them, Harry couldn’t and wouldn’t fight his answering smile. This
was… good, right? There was a warm glow slowly but surely spreading all through his chest,
down his extremities and right into his fingertips. They were here, they knew, they knew and
yet it was okay and-

Then the door banged open, making them all jump in place, the package drop, the paper rip,
the dress fanning out very visibly.
“Bunny, why is that grump down there blabbing about trollops ‘n cathouses-”
A curse that would have had Mrs. Weasley up in arms had she heard. An abrupt turn and then
Fergus’ hulking figure was blocking the door, but he was half turned away. Stoically staring
at the ceiling, hands opening and closing at his sides.
Still good, right?

“(…)The best is just enough for our Saviour!”

Chapter End Notes

So we survived another year, let's not break that habit!

Chapter 24: There is a new chapter!
Chapter Summary

Hi!
If you just want to continue reading the story, click right on to the next chapter.
If you need a recap and/or want to know what has happened with this story this last year,
scroll down.
Thanks!

Chapter Notes
See the end of the chapter for notes

What is this chapter?
1. Info about what happened with the story
2. A solid recap of the plot
3. Changes about to happen
4. author says hi

1. What happened here?
My last post here was on 1st January 2023. A lot has changed, yet not.
Firstly, and probably the most important to you, is that the plot is still the same. You
technically can just continue reading where you left off.
But if you're like me and NEED those details of Harry's everyday life, the more detailed
scenes and conversations, and even some Daily Prophet articles, then I would recommend
doing a full re-read.
If that's not for you, though, I've got you. Here is a full recap of the story up to the end of
chapter 22 'Glowing'.

2. Recap
Arc I : Mind

Due to a change of Tom Riddle’s Horcrux-riddled mind (He Who Knows How to Riddle
Riddled Riddles) there are only ever three soul anchors created. Not even Dumbledore
foresaw this turn of events and so Harry Potter manages to defeat Voldemort in the
Department of Mysteries at the end of his fifth year.
During the fight his godfather Sirius Black is hit with a mysterious curse and nearly falls
through the Veil of Death. His friend and mate, the werewolf Remus Lupin, manages to catch
him in time, but Sirius winds up comatose. Meanwhile Harry experiences the horrors of
possession, discovering a disturbing detail about himself, and the Dark Lord’s soul shards
diminish in the ensuing fight.
That summer the Wizarding World celebrates the end of a war they had not even fully
acknowledged and name Harry Potter the Saviour, the second coming of Merlin, while
speculations about his summer adventures run rampant. During all this the boy in question is
once again sequestered away at his relatives’ house, the Dursley’s. Still reeling from the fight
and the discovery of having been a Horcrux, a soul shard of Voldemort, he has a minor
accident that costs him his glasses. His aunt has no use for a half-blind nephew and resorts to
locking him up permanently.
Harry decides he has enough and leaves in the dark of night, spurning all advice, and
especially Dumbledore’s explicit instructions to stay put. During his decidedly non-magical
track, thank you Decree for the Reasonable Restriction of Underage Sorcery, he comes up
with a way to hide in plain sight and for once have an actual summer. Thus Harley is born, a
slightly awkward waitress at a shady pub down Knockturn Alley.
As Harry earns his keep at Fergus Wanlockhead’s bar, he slowly but surely discovers new
sides to himself – new and possibly not compatible with the image of Harry Potter the Hero.
Er. Saviour. Who would have thought that wearing skirts, dresses, and overall pretty things
could be so much fun? Sight still very much impaired, Harry learns about himself and the
Wizarding World from an entirely new perspective, pun not intended. He enjoys the freedom
of anonymity, but also has to work through the obstacles that come with it. His developing
magic helps him along.
Meanwhile a certain set of twins is busy building up their very own business. Of course their
path crosses that of an intriguing waitress with a kick-ass reputation. They take an immediate
liking to ‘her’, testing Harry’s daring until he starts to truly feel secure in his disguise. He
soon starts enjoying his time with the flirty twins, discovering yet another side to himself.
Too bad Fred and George seem to very much adore Harley, not ever even mentioning Harry
Potter in ‘her’ company.
Then one night the two visit their new friend at the bar she’s working at, getting thoroughly
drunk in the process, and end up ambushed on their way back home. It is Harley that saves
them and it is Harley they need to save in return when ‘she’ gets hit by a spell unexpectedly.
The next day Harry aka Harley wakes up at the twins’ flat. He discovers his love for coffee,
very much enjoys a shower, and accepts his secret feelings for Fred and George… when
Molly Weasley floos in. The Weasley matriarch proceeds to hurt feelings left and right.
George has a monologue about how he and his twin only pursue Harley, because ‘she’
reminds them so much of a certain Saviour they adore.

Arc II: Body (up to chapter 22 ‘Glowing’)
We start with a monologue of Fred’s and get a bit of an insight into being part of the entity
that is the Weasley twins. Fred then manages to be a total Gryffindor and spooks Harry out
the shop door and onto a half-blind journey back home. He has a passenger in the form of a
rainbow-coloured Pygmy Puff. To actually make it home, though, Harry has to heavily
employ his new magical sense of ‘seeing’ magic when his eyes won’t properly do the job. He
might also discover a Vampire GPS™.
On his way back into the shady safety of Knockturn Alley, he runs across Mundungus
Fletcher selling off Sirius’ household goods and what Harry clearly identifies as Black family
heirlooms. His magic is not happy and sets fire to the stall.
He makes a run for it only to be confronted by his boss Fergus Wanlockhead about his
disappearance the night prior. Harry then learns he is not the only one with special abilities
around, and that apparently being hit with malicious curses has consequences beyond bodily
ouchies. Thus he learns about cleansing rituals, the apparent failings of all the adults in his
life as Harry Potter, and that he really needs one of those rituals asap.
A date is set, the 28th of August, the next full moon.
Meanwhile George and Fred discuss the obvious and conclude that they cannot confront
Harry about the whole Harley situation just then. For one, they have a business to run, and
secondly, they are unsure how to approach their friend without being left in the dust once
again.
Harry on the other hand does a deep-dive into the differences between Light and Dark magic,
clearly finds the information available lacking and then has a nightly visitor. Sanguini, a
vampire he met for the first time back in his fifth year, makes an appearance. He kindly
educates Harry on a lot of things and leaves him not only with a very informative book, but
also with the knowledge that the creature community isn’t particularly fond of Dumbledore.
A few days later the three have yet to reconnect. Harry receives a letter from Remus which
contains information about the Order of the Phoenix’ moves. He is also reminded of the
existence of a public library in Vertic Alley. His new companion, Bean the Mighty Pygmy
Puff, keeps Harry from becoming too depressed about his godfather’s fate and a letter to the
Interim Minister is written.
On Sunday 25th the twins decide enough is enough and venture back out to Knockturn. They
might be confused about the whole identity-gender-thing, but they like Harley and want
Harry. If that means accepting the strangeness that is both of these people, they are down for
it. Harry agrees.
We left them up in Harry’s tiny room with a cute summer dress and Fergus Wanlockhead
getting the wrong impression.

3. Changes about to happen
If you're doing a re-read, you will notice the chapter-in-a-chapter that is currently Chapter 1:
'Stifling'.
I did not like where the chapter cut off and when I added more details during my editing, it
felt even worse. So I intend to make two chapters out of one.
This might lead to some confusion when updating.
You might get notified about a new chapter when there won't be one - or at least not one you
haven't read yet.
So, just a heads up.

4. Hi!
My name's Rina, English is not my first language, and yes, I am the author of this work.
Why am I telling you this?
Probably, because I never did so before. Because seriously, who cares?
AO3 is so incredibly important to me, has helped me through some of the darkest and hardest
times of my life, and I just wanted to say Thank You. Yes, to you who is taking the time to
read this right now. Even if you never write a comment, just opening my works and actually
reading what I'm throwing at you? It means a lot. Like my words have actual meaning. Like
I'm making any sort of impact.
But it doesn't really matter who I am, because here my work is the important part. The stories
I have to tell, the worlds that live (sadly rent-free) in my head. And that's okay, makes me
actually more comfortable than it being about me as a person.
Yet, I believe that a story always tells you something about the author, whether they make it
obvious, or you have to read between the letters and lines. It's unavoidable. This is something
that tends to make me a bit uncomfortable. I like being this elusive non-entity no one truly
cares to find out more about as long as the chapters keep coming. Therefore, I know my work
tells the observant reader some things about me, but if I just keep writing, no one will bother
to look deeper. And I have to - keep writing, that is. Fellow authors might understand this
absolute need to write things down.
I need to write or my mind might not find the way back from storyweaving one day.
Dramatics aside, this is me, but more importantly: This is my work. Please enjoy.

Chapter End Notes

Hopefully this was as comprehensive yet clear as I wanted it to be. I had fun writing that
recap.
Now, ON WITH THE STORY <3

Chapter 25: Confusing
Chapter Notes

(make sure you go back to chapter 24 for a recap!)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

There was a long beat of silence. Harry wasn’t quite sure why he felt the need to straighten
out his clothes, or why his gaze kept being drawn down to the dress the twins had brought.
His dress. The pretty one he had thought lost when he woke up at the twins’ flat the morning
after the attack in Knockturn. It had been ripped, full of muck and just overall sad looking…
“Ah, good sir-”
George finally, after what felt like the most awkward minute of Harry’s life, started to speak.
“You see, it is not er-”
Fred was trying to jump in and continue his brother’s sentence like he normally would.
‘Trying’ being the operative word as, for the first time Harry could recall, both twins seemed
to be at a loss for words. Glancing between them, Harry noticed with some alarm the deep
blush creeping up two freckled necks. Why were they blushing? And why was Fergus“I know those trash bags in the bar sometimes think like crups with two dicks and talk like
they ain’t ever brushed their teeth, but-” Fergus mumbled to the ceiling before abruptly
clearing his throat and finally glancing at Harry. “Not the kind of conversation a young magi
should be privy to, I get that, but… lass, if I ever gave you the impression we’re that kind of
establishment…”
Again looking up to the ceiling, muttering under his breath, Fergus left Harry blinking in
confusion. Fred next to him made a low whining sound like something wounded. The
description of some of the folks that frequented Bandy-Legs was hilariously on point, but
what did their filthy gobs and mouthing off have to do with this situation? Harry was about to
ask just that when his boss finally seemed to decide enough was enough. Of what, Harry had
no idea.
“And you two,” he growled, fixing the twins with his dark glare. “You had me right fooled
that evening when you schmoozed your way in Harley’s friends’ good graces.” He took a
threatening step forward, looming over the twins like a wilder version of Snape. “Should’a
known better, sleazy freckled devils!” He snarled right in their suddenly pale faces, “Get out
of my house before I let the wards show you just why you don’t go around insulting my
family!”

As he barked his orders, the floor beneath their feet started to tremble, the walls humming in
tune as if gearing up to implode on them, swallow them whole right where they were stood.
“Wait. What?” Harry spoke over the ominous sound, frowning heavily at Fergus.
But of course, no one was listening to him. And why were the twins just standing there,
letting Fergus throw those insults at them? What even was this whole situation?
“Ah no, Harley,” George finally voiced just as Fergus roughly hauled both twins out into the
hallway. “Don’t interfere, he’s right. We shouldn’t have-”
“Indeed, you should not! Out. NOW!” The bartender’s voice boomed and the twins turned
tail, though Fred called back over his shoulder:
“It’s a misunderstanding, don’t worry! We’ll be in touch!”
“THE HELL YOU WILL!”
And then they were gone.
Harry blinked.
What just happened?
Listening to Fergus huffing and puffing down in the parlour, some low voices adding to the
mix from the few patrons already present, Harry stood there for a long moment. He was
trying to get his head around the whole situation, starting with the twins accepting him, over
his boss’ reaction, to the man quite literally kicking the twins out of the pub. This… didn’t
make any sense. Fergus knew George and Fred were Harry’s friends. Why would he..?
Slowly picking up the discarded dress, Harry smoothed the cleaned and repaired fabric. It
looked as good as new, the twins having done the impossible yet again. He was just running
his fingers over the pretty lace, when Fergus came back stomping up the stairs. It was the first
time since they found their rhythm living together that Harry felt uncomfortable in the
hulking man’s presence. He looked seriously pissed off, but there was also a disappointed and
hurt air around him that resonated much deeper with Harry than any aggression ever would.
“Put that flimsy thing away, Harley,” he grumbled, trying to take the dress and presumably
discard it.
“Wha- no!” Harry intervened, hugging his present close. “It was a present! Why would
you… what was all that about?”
Fergus blinked.
His dark eyes lingered on the clothes item before drifting up to meet Harry’s.
“You-” He stared some more. Only to finally groan like he used to back in the beginning
when Harry would still mess up the simplest tasks. “Of course you’re not aware. I keep
forgetting.”

What he was forgetting, Harry had no idea, just like he really had no idea what he yet again
didn’t know about. It had to be some culture thing. He should get a guide.
“Right. Right.. how do I…,” Fergus was mumbling to himself, ruminating in his head until a
shattering glass from downstairs pulled him back to the task at hand. “I get that you didn’t
know, but I cannot be sure about those monkeys. Light buggers they are, upstanding
wizarding folk, my arse. So you’re not going to see them until I am. Right.” He stated with
finality, nodding to himself.
Wait. Did he just ground Harry? Like some errand teenager?
Granted, that was basically the definition of Harry this summer (and probably most of his life
so far), but this time around he wasn’t actually doing anything wrong! Or was he? Did it
count if he didn’t know it was wrong?
“Now get your butt moving, we have customers,” Fergus continued. “And Harley… don’t
bring men- people- anyone up here while you’re alone. You hear me? And don’t accept any
gifts either!” (*)
Harry blinked. Huh. Was that a girl-thing? Like.. would it have been the same if everyone
was aware he wasn’t actually a girl? He hadn’t honestly thought passed getting his friends to
a more private place so they could talk without the worry of being overheard. They used to
sequester themselves away in one of the boys’ rooms back at the Burrow all the time. But
now, looking at it from someone else’s viewpoint, someone not in the know… yeah, he could
see how that might look suspicious. But what of the gift thing?
He sighed. Yet another question for his ever-growing list.
On Monday Harry realised Fergus hadn’t actually grounded him, just forbidden him from
seeing the twins. He was a bit unsure how he felt about it all and whether he thought his boss
even had the right to make this kind of decision for him. It seemed to be sparked by Fergus
being protective of him, but it still rankled.
So Harry wanted to visit the public library on Vertic Alley. He was obviously in need of more
books going by the host of questions that had cropped up in the wake of the twins’ last visit.
Seriously, what was with the gift thing? Going by Fergus’ reaction, it wasn’t exactly
something he wanted to ask about. Being able to discreetly look it up would be so much
easier on his pride. Maybe then he would understand the reactions and the subsequent ban
from meeting each other.
Some part of him honestly planned on making a detour to the twins’ shop on his way. But the
less impulsive part of him that had been nurtured all summer was hesitant. It was probably
better to look a few things up before he saw those two again. Just to be on the safe side,
right?
But coming back into his room after a quick shower derailed those plans. There, on his
window sill, sat a tiny little bird. A chaffinch, he thought, not uncommon at all, but not
exactly known to come inside. Or carrying mail for that matter.

“Hello,” he greeted, watching his feathery visitor curiously. “Is that for me?”
The chaffinch tilted its head, eying Harry sideways for a moment, before apparently coming
to a decision. It hopped off the sill, fluttered the short distance and barrelled right into Harry’s
chest in its attempt to land.
“Oh hey!” Carefully catching the little bird, Harry held it up to his face to get a better look.
“Your feet aren’t exactly made for landing on arms, I think. You’re not an owl, you know?”
He got an appalled chirp in answer.
“Well, you did a good job finding me, though. Let’s see what you’ve got there.”
Haz,
Meet us on the corner to Carkitt Market. We’ll be waiting.
F&G
Oh. Well, that was that. Did they mean right now? It sounded like it. And that way of address.
Harry smiled to himself, his ears turning a shade of pink, as he realised it was as neutral as
they could get while still addressing the message to him. It was the perfect blend of his
names, be it by birth or assumed.
“Right. Okay, thank you,” he told the finch and set it back down on the sill. “Now, what to
wear?”
And wasn’t that the question. The twins were in the know, he didn’t have to play Harley for
them any longer. If he could really still call it playing at being Harley. But he also couldn’t
exactly risk being seen as Harry. Opening his new trunk, fingers running gently over the
multitude of soft fabric, he thought back on the shopping trip. Specifically the reactions of
George and Fred. Would they still react the same now that they knew?

“I’m going to the library,” he called to Fergus as he prepared to leave. “I’ll be back in time
for opening. Do you need anything from the market?”
His attempt at sounding innocent and nonchalant was met with a very unimpressed look.
Fidgeting with the pretty straw hat Fred had chosen for him, Harry tried to wait patiently for
the verdict.
“… I realise I can’t exactly ground you,” Fergus grunted. “But don’t think I was joking last
night. Keep your head down if you have to venture into those areas.”
‘Those areas’, Harry knew, meant basically everywhere outside the safety of Bandy-Legs’
wards. Fergus didn’t reserve his profound distrust for either the folks of Knockturn or those
on Diagon. He was quite set in his ways of simply not trusting anyone outside his walls.

Carefully situating his hat to shield his face a bit from the scorching summer sun, Harry left
the pub. It was about twenty minutes since he received the twins’ message. Would they still
be there, waiting for him? What was he thinking, of course they would. Fred and George
were his friends, always had his back, and now they knew his darkest secret. Or, well, one of
his most secret secrets. He did feel bad about going so clearly against Fergus’ demand, and
he really would feel better if he could look the whole clothes situation up first, but alas, the
shortest way to the library was crossing Carkitt Market. He couldn’t exactly do that and not
meet the twins. At least he didn’t want to do that.
It would be okay. They were his friends.

They looked fabulous. Like they always did, but more. As he neared the corner to Carkitt,
Harry realised with a start that he was not the only one who put more effort into his
appearance today than he normally would.
Fred and George had definitely taken the time to put together one of their more dapper
outfits, clearly playing up the whole twin-thing, but with subtle differences here and there. So
while George went for blue accents, Fred had decided on bronze. While both had styled their
hair back, George had opted to accessorize with a time piece and Fred wore a wrist cuff.
Harry felt his gaze linger longer than necessary on the way fabric shifted across broad chests
and how the warm sunlight made freckled complexion glow. And he wasn’t the only one
looking.
Fred and George Weasley stood out even here on Carkitt Market with its abundance of
colourful people wandering about. People stole glances, but so did the twins. But their eyes
were only on Harry.
“Miss Harley,” Fred winked as Harry slowly closed in on them.
“Haz,” George smiled.

He had worried it would be awkward. Had worried that now the twins knew he wasn’t really
the girl they had flirted with, things would be different. And even though they had clearly
accepted his oddities and forgiven him as well, Harry had still expected them to maybe just
go back to treating him like they used to do back in school.
And in a way they did. But the longer they spent time together on the way to the library, the
more he realised Fred and George hadn’t ever really changed how they treated him. They had
treated Harley like they treated Harry, just with a whole lot more obvious flirting. Obvious
enough for even him to catch on.
The only difference he now noticed was the clear physical distance they kept.
“Is this,” he waved his hand around between them, “because of yesterday? Because of what
Fergus said? Or…” He eyed the way Fred kept his hands in his pockets and George his

behind his back when before they would lead him around, touching innocently but always
close. “Or is this because of me, because I’m… weird.”
A freak.
They abruptly stopped in their tracks.
“If this is about your self-esteem issue, Har- Haz, then no,” George declared firmly.
“Or if this is about something your shitty relatives said, then again, no,” Fred added, glaring.
Chewing on his bottom lip, Harry nodded.
“It’s just… you… you aren’t-,” he tried, but couldn’t bring the words out. Fidgeting in place,
he felt the heat rise up his neck in embarrassment.
And the twins just softened.
Fred glanced around quickly, then grabbed Harry’s hand and pulled him the rest of the way
off of the market and into the entrance of Vertic Alley. Here everything seemed more relaxed,
much less people were out and about. Not far down the street a building rose above the rest
of the surrounding architecture. The library, he thought distantly. He couldn’t recall ever
being here before.
Fred let go of Harry’s hand, but ducked down to meet his eyes instead. When green met blue,
he smiled reassuringly and let his brother take the lead.
“See,” George started, “We’re not truly the right people to ask about all this proper stuff.”
“Truly dreadful rascals we are,” Fred grinned unapologetically.
“But we do know some things,” George continued.
“Bit disconnected, we are, though.”
“Because even with the Weasley family being basically ostracised from Pureblood society,”
George said, glancing around to make sure they weren’t drawing much attention. “We are
still part of the magical world.”
“Were raised in it, weren’t we?”
“Somewhat.”
“Somehow.”
“Soso.”
“Meh.” They shrugged at each other.
“So, it is a cultural thing!” Harry finally intervened. But his interest in all things history and
culture was waking up, he wanted to understand this. “Is it like how you should behave

differently depending on the situation?”
“Yep. Very along the lines of basic Dos and Don’ts,” George agreed. “About how different
genders should be interacting.”
“All proper-like,” Fred added.
Harry frowned. The whole gender-thing was complicating things here. But he could work
with this, he would just have to remember two sets of rules. It wasn’t that different to muggle
society, really, at least as far as he could tell from his own experiences. Girls and boys got
regularly separated, be it for specific classes, any form of changing rooms, dorms… But the
not-touching felt rather dated to his muggle mind. Or maybe it was just him being raised in
England.
“Is there a guideline? Anything?” He questioned, hoping to maybe just pick one up.
“Well,” George rubbed his chin thoughtfully, “See, Haz, we’re boys.”
“Men. Manly men,” Fred corrected, standing a bit straighter.
“Yes. That.” His brother agreed. “We can tell you what we are not meant to do. Like going up
into a pretty girl’s room without an adult chaperone,” he explained chagrined. “That was on
us, we just… didn’t think?”
“Or really being alone with a girl after we turned 13,” Fred added. “And yes, we were kinda
swept away by the whole” He waved his hands about. “You… situation.”
Harry huffed a smile. Well, at least now he understood some part of what happened the other
day. Still, Fergus’ reaction seemed very over the top considering they were just talking.
“But what if they are your friend?” He questioned, waving away their apology.
He was itching to get one of his notebooks out. This was fascinating and confusing at the
same time. He had spent summers at the Weasleys, Hermione too. Why was it okay for her to
spent time with Ron and him alone in a room then? Although, the longer he thought about it,
he couldn’t really remember ever being alone with Ginny for that matter.
“Not after 13, nope. Unless they’re an adult, and then it could still be iffy considering,”
George made a so-so motion with his hand.
“That seems… sexist,” Harry felt the need to say.
“Well, yes. It’s okay if it’s your sister. Not a cousin, though.”
“Because, well, Blacks,” Fred grimaced. “That family would be a good example.”
“Or not so good. You get the gist.”
There was a moment of silence between the three. Harry stared a bit into the distance as he
tried to digest all that he had just been told. It was a lot and yet not really much at all. It

explained some things, but not everything. He frowned as he recalled the way the twins used
to behave towards Harley, starting with the festival where they had danced and flirted, all the
times they met since and the shopping spree. That had been very different to how they
carefully kept an apparently respectful distance now.
“What’s different now?” He questioned, not wanting to stew on this. He knew exactly what
his mind would do with this discrepancy if he let it.
“Ah, that…” Suddenly, George seemed a lot less suave and a bit lost for words. “You see, I
that is, we… that is…”
Harry raised his eyebrows and turned to Fred instead. Who folded instantly.
“Don’t look at me with those big, green eyes!” He wailed. “I’ll tell you everything!”
The sun burned high above the crooked rooftops of Knockturn Alley. The alley stank to high
heaven on a normal day, but summers made breathing here a chore. All that dark magic
coiling around the buildings, dirtying the very air one breathed.
It was disgusting and the last place one would expect the Light’s poster boy.
But his contact had been very clear that he had seen a suspicious individual running into the
darkness, hiding here after setting fire to his stall. Mad-Eye Moody wasn’t so sure
Mundungus hadn’t been drunk out of his mind, or maybe pissed-off some bird had spurned
his advances, but a lead was a lead.

Chapter End Notes

(*) Fergus’ dialect being all over the place was, at first, unintentional, then developed
into a thing. I kinda like it and it makes somewhat sense for the life he lives.

Chapter 26: Venturing
Chapter Notes

(make sure you go back to chapter 24 for a recap!)
Also, it is still 26th Monday 1996.

See the end of the chapter for more notes

“What’s different now?” He questioned, not wanting to stew on this. He knew exactly what
his mind would do with this discrepancy if he let it.
“Ah, that…” Suddenly, George seemed a lot less suave and a bit lost for words. “You see, I
that is, we… that is…”
Harry raised his eyebrows and turned to Fred instead. Who folded instantly.
“Don’t look at me with those big, green eyes!” He wailed. “I’ll tell you everything!”

George made a sound like he was choking on Bean before he grabbed his brother’s shoulder,
shaking his twin in a bit of panic.
“Not the right place!” He interfered, voice strangled with what Harry might call mortification
– if this wasn’t George Weasley. Seriously, he had never seen the twins embarrassed by
anything.
“Okay, fine,” Fred agreed through his brother’s shaking, “But then let’s get a move on to
somewhere better, because I want him to know right now!”
“Them,” George corrected absentmindedly, before turning back to Harry. “This is really not
something we should discuss out here.”
That said, he took both his brother and Harry by the hand, pulling them along down the street
towards the looming library building. Harry was just wondering who ‘them’ was.

Pushing the, frankly, humongous doors open (A feat only possible for him because these
doors were meant to open at a determined touch.) let Harry and the twins into a great marbled
entryway. There were no windows, leaving the immediate area dim. Harry couldn’t see much
beyond the unnecessary broad counter a few good metres in front of them, but that was more
down to being blinded by the light coming from beyond it.

It took him a few moments of blinking to actually parse through what he was really seeing.
They had entered the huge building of the public library on Vertic Alley, but standing inside,
getting a glimpse of what hid behind the entry, made it very clear there was magic at work.
Because obviously. The bigger-than-the-outside hall they had entered was lined with columns
forming a half-circle, a counter bracketed by two gates taking up the far side. There were
three marked points to probably register, but only the one in the middle of the marbled
counter was currently occupied. And going by the startled stare the person at said registry
sent them, visitors weren’t exactly common. Which… weird.
Then again, Wizarding Britain had a very confusing relationship with books in Harry’s newly
bibliophile mind.
Squaring his shoulders and smoothing down his skirt in one move, he stepped forward. For
some reason the elderly gentleman, as he could make out now that they were closer, regarded
the three of them with something akin to… not quite disdain, but definitely not benevolence
either. He looked them up and down through an iridescent monocle (And how he didn’t get a
headache from that, Harry could only wonder.), before completely bypassing Harry and
focusing on George.
“How can I help you… gentlemen?”
Harry could basically feel the twins’ eyebrows creep up their foreheads at the blatant snub.
Well, it was a bit of a convoluted thought process, but in this case, Harry actually hoped it
was a snub. He really did not want a random person, that clearly had some issue with him, to
see right through his disguise.
“Ah, my good sir,” George settled on, smile too sharp to be anything close to polite, “We,
that is my slightly less accommodating brother and I, are merely the plus two in this
ensemble. You see,” he continued, gesturing Harry to the front of their huddle, “This pretty
one is the true mastermind of our humble group. You might want to address your… inquiry
towards them.”
Harry blinked, mind stumbling over George’s speech for a moment, as the man at the registry
finally decided to grace him with his attention. The way he did so, down his nose and clearly
put-upon, had Harry wondering what about him warranted this type of reaction. He was
carefully dressed in one of his wizarding-approved summer dresses, fluttery and pretty, but
demure and adhering to social standards. It couldn’t be…
“If you are in search of household charms, miss, I am afraid you have come to the wrong
place,” was said in the carefully enunciated way one might speak to the slow of mind. “I hear
Mildrid’s Corner Store at the intersection to Diagon carries a reliable collection. You will find
everything about… ah.. fashion there as well,” he added in this way entitled people get when
they decide to be ‘nice’ to those they perceive less fortunate.
Ah sexism. It was as much fascinating as it was infuriating to be on the receiving end of such.
Thinking about it, ever since becoming Harley, he had encountered various instances of what
at first, he thought was mostly a reaction to his clearly poor appearance. Still not nice and not
the done thing, but so common in his every day life as ‘Freak’, it hadn’t really surprised him.

His relatives certainly hadn’t treated him with any respect and had made sure he had no way
of looking ‘respectable’ either. It was human, Harry thought, to judge by appearance, and so
he had not connected the dots at first. But, well, being a waitress, no matter where you’re
working, sexism is very much a part of your daily life.
Now that he had a better understanding of gender roles in the Wizarding World, too, a lot of
things made more sense. And to be fair, after realising what was going on, he very much
exploited it whenever possible. After all, he had only gotten his job because of sexism in the
first place. It was this weird dichotomy of making something, anything, good out of a shitty
situation.
“No, sir,” Harry responded with his now patented unbothered Harley-charm, “See, I am
actually looking for proper resear-”
“The fuck?” Fred next to him certainly had no such compunction. “Even if we were looking
for freaking household charms, you dusty old fart, what sort of assumption is that?” He
growled and Harry swore he could feel the air heat up around his friend.
“Excuse me?” And of course, the …librarian? Did take offense. “Be aware of your
surroundings, young man! This is no place for such language,” he sniffed contemptuously.
“Mate, you really need to get out more often,” Fred snarked, but there was actual anger in his
voice.
Harry could see George pinching the bridge of his nose, but he too looked pissed off at the
man. Right. Time to set these idiots straight.
“Excuse you,” Harry intervened with a glare at all three of them, “But as I was about to say: I
am looking for research materials on a variety of subjects and would appreciate a floor plan
of sorts, if you happen to have any.” As well as the necessary forms to apply for his NEWTS
at the Ministry, but no one else needed to know about that.
Sniffing yet again at Fred, the librarian, a Mr. …no, Magistra B. Omniscius as the name
plaque on his part of the counter read, turned back to Harry. This time he seemed to peer at
him with marginally more interest. (*)
“This is highly irregular, miss, I must admit,” he said. In the background Fred snorted
derisively. “Now, yes, we do in fact carry a layout of this institution. Touch your wand,” he
stopped to frown at Harry for a moment, “I am assuming you are at least old enough to carry
one? I will not allow an unchaperoned …child to just roam around nilly-willy.”
“Yes, sir,” Harry smiled blandly, ignoring the multiple digs and pretending he didn’t hear the
hesitation that scarily sounded like Magistra (And was that a title?) Omniscius was about to
say ‘woman’. “I passed my OWLs as well, if that is of any importance,” he added.
There was some muttering into the magistra’s (Really, it must be a title) beard, but he did
produce a rolled-up parchment. Because of course it had to be parchment.

“Touch your wand to the section of this floor plan you wish to know more about, and the
layout will expand to list which subject areas are stored in the specific section.”
Harry was about to take the parchment, but Magistra Omniscius instead rightened his
monocle and pulled a huge, leather-bound tome towards himself.
“Now, your names, if you please,” he ordered, clearing his throat self-importantly.

One would think that a library, a public one that is, would not be a good place to have a
private conversation. Because that was, why they were here in the… well, second place,
Harry reminded himself. He was first and foremost here to research wizarding culture. And
maybe actually look for more reference material for his homework.
Then again, Harry’s only experiences with libraries were exactly two: the tiny book nook of
his primary school pretending to be more than it was, and Hogwart’s library. They weren’t
particularly similar in any form but the expected silence. This right here? Not even in the
same league. It was a library, alright. That term definitely wasn’t enough to describe what
awaited them after finally being allowed passed the gates and beyond the marble entrance.
The immediate area beyond the gates completed the half-circle of the entrance hall into a full
one. Centrepiece of this half was a replica of what Harry assumed was the library itself, or
perhaps its beginnings, as the artwork showed only one level. But as interesting as the history
of the place likely was to be, right then something else was holding his attention:
The way his magic spread out to compensate his eyesight. He could use this ability usually
quite easily when indoors, so he hadn’t really thought much about just letting his magic do its
thing. But now it was following huge winding stairways on each side of a vast round tower,
winding their way along the massive walls up to an immense sky light. The source of the
blinding light suffusing everything in an ethereal glow. It felt like a cathedral in the way the
space had this transcendent sense of being immeasurable in its sheer size. And the magic of
this place! It was in and around everything, permeating the very air.
So, as it by now was second to breathing to him, Harry let his magic wander. It instinctually
tried to map the place, but… it was just too much. Everything and nothing all at once. Every
little detail from great murals and suffusing light and intricate statues lining bookshelves
and… books, so many books like tiny dots of magic everywhere… and beyond all of it,
beyond the endless halls, multiple levels, deep shadows, and bright light, beyond all of it
there was something asleep. A sense of a slumbering entity, a guardian maybe, orEverything just whited out for a few seconds before his magic retreated into himself abruptly.
“That’s a bit much for some books,” Fred commented.
“Makes Hogwarts feel like a pixy nest,” his brother agreed.
“I can’t see,” Harry stated weakly.

He could, technically, see, if you wanted to call his myopic sight that, but his magical sense
that helped him guide around felt blinded. Overwhelmed. He could see the physical world
around him, the ancient flooring they were stood upon, but everything beyond that? Fuzzy at
best. The fascinating stairs that seemed to climb along the walls like vines where not much
more than darker spaces along lighter walls now. There would be no guidance from that front.
“What?” The twins asked in unison, instinctually grasping onto his shoulders as if to steady
him.
For a second he floundered. Shit, Harley wasn’t supposed to be half-blind, or at least nobody
was supposed to know about it, because that really was just one more well-known fact of
Harry Potter, and… right. Stop. They knew.
They knew, they accepted, they were actively trying to understand.
It was okay.
“You didn’t wonder how I managed my job without my glasses?” Harry questioned instead,
looking from one pair of too blue eyes to the other.
The twins shared a glance that contained a whole conversation. They hadn’t actually
wondered about that, too caught up in the whole Harry-Harley thing, but now that they
thought about it…
“So how do you?”
“Do your job? Get around?”
They spent some time going back and forth on how Harry managed his daily life without his
glasses, right there next to the model of the library. He hedged on exactly what he, or his
magic, was doing, though. Somehow, this all felt like maybe they shouldn’t be talking about
it out in the open. Not that anyone seemed to be around. In fact, Harry couldn’t actually see
(pun intended) anyone moving around at all from where he stood…
The floor plan turned out to be similar to a less helpful version of the marauder’s map, if you
were to ask Harry. No people were tracked, just stationary floor sections labelled by level.
But it was still a fascinating piece of magic in the way it opened up to reveal a sort of threedimensional map of the building hovering just above the parchment. Flanking him on both
sides, the twins encouraged Harry to find what they were looking for.
„Um… okay, let’s see”, Harry fumbled for a second with the large parchment, then poked it
with his finger on the section that showed the entrance hall. “We’re about he- WOAH!”
With the touch of his finger the map highlighted an area, a title reading ‘Entrance Hall, level
0’ glowing up at them. George chuckled next to him.
“Seems there’s some more to talk about,” he commented.
“Later,” Fred agreed with a shit-eating grin.

Harry, though, took one look at the overlapping floors that apparently showed all the different
levels, below and above ground, and thanked magic for this beautiful creation. Although it
did feel like it could have been done in a less convoluted way, it was still amazing and would
hopefully keep him from getting completely lost in this place. That made him wonder… was
he supposed to tap every single section on every level to find the subjects he was looking for,
or could he maybe just…
“Show me Potions,” he commanded and grinned when the library’s floor plan did exactly
that.
But it did point them in the direction of level -3, as in three levels underground. And,
glancing around, for some reason lifts in the Wizarding World were apparently reserved for
the ministry and St. Mungo’s.

Three very long, very winding staircases later (And they didn’t even move!) they finally
reached level -3. It was darker here. A sort of twilit atmosphere, foreboding in how it seemed
to make everything the tiniest bit hazy at the edges, enveloped them as soon as they stepped
off the last staircase. Harry felt like adventures were hiding around the corners of more
towering shelves, but right now he needed to have a certain conversation. This had already
taken them much longer than it reasonably should and his mind was still stuck on all the
implications of what had happened between the three of them.
Ducking out of the guiding, and very distracting, hand on his shoulder that had helped him
not fall down steps he couldn’t see clearly, he pinned the twins in place with a determined
stare.
Fred glanced at George.
George glanced at Fred.
A blush darkened two sets of freckled ears.
With a sigh Harry beckoned them over to a seating arrangement, sitting down with his back
to the wall and frowning at their surroundings. He still could not see anyone, but there most
certainly were people around. As quiet as this place was, it didn’t feel abandoned. He could
almost make out some murmuring coming from in-between the darkened shelves. But sitting
down in armchairs facing him, the twins certainly had no issue casting a sort of silencing
bubble around the three of them.
So here they were, encased in a funny bubble that somewhat distorted the view around them,
but kept their conversations completely private according to the twins. Harry couldn’t help
but think that while the enforced silence was incredibly useful for stealth, the compromised
view of their surroundings was a big disadvantage. His mind kept on pointing out how this
kind of bubble made it easier to sneak up on them.
“Right.” Harry abruptly stopped his scrutiny of the magic surrounding them and turned
towards the twins. There must have been something on his face, because both took a

simultaneous deep breath as if bracing for what was to come. “Spit it out.”
Fred was shifting around his seat, opening and closing his mouth a few times, frowning and
finally making a frustrated sound deep in his throat before turning to his brother. George on
the other hand looked …uncomfortable. And wasn’t that yet another side of the twins he had
never experienced before?
“We’re going about this all wrong,” George finally huffed. “Here we were telling you how
we’re not supposed to be alone with you, and now look at us.”
“Yeah, the privacy bubble really feels like the icing on the cake,” Fred groaned from behind
his hand, rubbing his face until it turned red.
“But you know I’m not a-” Harry started, but interrupted himself. Not a what exactly?
George was giving him another of those thoughtful looks, but soldiered on:
“It doesn’t matter, what’s done is done,” he stated. “We’ll just have to make sure to be extra
careful from now on.”
“Careful of what?” What were they going on about? This was starting to feel like getting
Crookshanks to let go of Hermione’s yarn, one coaxed string at a time.
“See, before it was just… flirting. You were a cute girl that reminded us of a certain hidden
hero,” George started with a half-smile. “Also, before we were always in public,” he glanced
around. “More public than this.”
“Unless you count the one time I woke up at your place,” Harry muttered, blushing at the
memory.
“Well, yeah,” Fred agreed. “But that was down to us being too drunk to think straight.”
“Or walk straight,” his brother added.
“Sleep straight?”
“Certainly not be straight.”
As one they turned towards Harry.
“Anywho~ we’re making it official, Haz.” One blink. A second. “Let us court you. Properly.”
A third blink.
“So… date. You want to… date. Me?”
“Dating is for school, Haz,” George started, tone careful like he was sorting through the
words in his head first. “As long as everyone involved are students, it’s usually fine even for
Purebloods.”

Harry frowned. ‘Usually fine’ sounded ominous at best considering the topic at hand.
“Unless you come from a seriously prejudiced family, that is,” Fred interjected cheerfully.
“Prejudiced?” Harry cocked his head, trying to figure out what the supremacists had to do
with this now. “I thought for Purebloods it was all about blood purity,” he stated, nose
wrinkling at the mere idea. “So, what if a Pureblood just dates another?”
“Well, yeah,” George agreed, but there was a wrinkle in his brow that said something
bothered him. “For some pureblooded families it’s all about the purity rot and who you are,”
he reiterated. “Like what does your family do, how wealthy are you, do you hold a
reasonably important position in society?”
Harry nodded along. He knew all this as much as he loathed it. How could you let stuff like
this decide who you were going to spend your life with? Shouldn’t it be about the person(s),
their personality, their… everything?
“What my handsomely distracted brother is trying to say,” Fred interjected again. “Blood and
status aren’t all that important when it comes to mere dating. Unless you belong to an
extremist family, but again, then you wouldn’t be allowed to date at all.”
“I am so confused,” Harry sighed, rubbing a hand over his face as his hair was currently in a
very pretty braid, thank you very much.
“Mhm..” George rubbed his chin for a moment, eyes straying around them as if checking for
their continued privacy. “Let’s put it like this: Everyone can date in school, unless their
family is really traditional. But more important for us right now is what happens after school,
as you might have noticed, our fiery selves are no longer attendants of Britain’s most
exclusive club.”
Now that caught Harry’s attention.
“So, what happens after school?”
“Then, dear Haz,” the twins spoke up together for once, leaning forward to pin Harry in place
with their blue blue gaze. “Comes the time for courting.”
Oh. That was… well. Oh.
„If you will let us, that is,” George amended.
“If you want us,” Fred added, eyes vulnerable in a way Harry had never seen on the twins. He
was noticing so many more aspects of them lately, it was both endearing as it was humbling.
But did he want them? As more than friends? And was he willing to go through all this
elaborate courting stuff for it? Because it was obvious they wanted to do this, wanted to do
‘right by him’ as they understood it. Who was he to deny them that if it was all the same to
him?

Dancing at the festival. Listening to them banter. Running after them to protect them, and
having them instead step up to protect him. Being able to be just Harry, without having to
hide Harley away. Gentle hugs and soft touches.
“There’s a lot going on in my life right now,” he warned them carefully.
“Yeah, no shit,” Fred snorted,
“But whenever is that not the case?” George agreed.
Harry slowly blew out the breath he had been holding, ignoring how jittery it sounded.
“I want a list. An exact listing of what to expect,” he finally settled on firmly.
A moment of silence passed between the three, the faint hum of the library their only
background, before Fred and George slowly started smiling.
“I believe, brother-mine, that was not a no.”

It was there, hidden in the bowels of Magical London’s library, that Fred and George Weasley
asked to formally court Harry.
Or, maybe, not quite so formally.
“… NO, they did NOT!” Molly Weasley’s voice could be heard bouncing off of the dusty
walls of 12 Grimmauld Place, making Remus Lupin flinch in place.
Groaning at the pull the sudden move caused his sore muscles, the werewolf – and boy, was
he feeling that at the moment, the moon being less than 24 hours away – carefully held onto
his fraying patience. The Weasley matriarch had been on a war path for a while now,
something about the twins not following her expectations for their future yet again.
“Oh yes, they did,” Mad-Eye Moody growled right back. “And they seemed mighty
comfortable in that dark place, too.”
And if it hadn’t been for Fred and George’s suspicious behaviour at the last order meeting,
Remus would have dismissed them messing about Knockturn. No matter what Molly might
think, those two were not only legal adults, but very capable wizards indeed. He would know,
having been their teacher not too long ago.
“No, no, no, my babies wouldn’t…. first that trollop, now this,” Molly muttered, raising
eyebrows around the room with her choice in words. “And you are sure it was them down
that… that alley?”
And there it was. The missing link that might get his cub caught. Last meeting it had only
been Mundungus’ drunken ramblings, but now it was Moody. Now two very uncommon, if
seemingly unconnected, instances had taken place in the same area.

Chapter End Notes

Ah yes, so maybe I have a thing for libraries.
(*) Magistra B. Omniscius – literally ‘Teacher B. Omniscient’. There’s a story there.
Either his first name is ‘Bibliophilus’ or it is ‘Bob’. Maybe he likes to pretend it is the
first.
...so, will Harry ever get an actual answer on what's different between the three now that
they are official? XD

Chapter 27: Ruminating
Chapter Notes

To my lovely beav who helped brainstorm this mess: without you this would have sat on
my dying laptop for another month!
And emeraldoutcast out there on bluesky? You know your scene(s)!

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Watching Harry hurry away from them to get back to work, the twins leaned against each
other, all tension of the moment draining from them. Fred rubbed a hand over his chest, heart
still beating a bit too fast.
“I… did this really just happen, Georgie?”
His brother huffed, resting a bit more of his weight against his twin.
“We did it, brother.”
It was clear their hidden hero hadn’t truly processed what had just happened. But no matter,
they would make this work. For Harry, but also for themselves.
Tuesday, 27th August 1996
He was back in the library for the adventure he had been feeling here the day before. Or,
well, to find a guide for the adventure that had found him here yesterday.
Courting. Bloody hell. How did that even happen?
Wait. Did that actually happen? He had agreed, did that mean he was now officially dating
the twins? George? Fred? Both? At the same time?!
He, Harry Potter, was dating?
Oh.
Oh no.
Breathing out very carefully, Harry pushed open the doors to the entrance hall once more. He
had, yet again, taken care to dress according to wizarding fashion. He was a respectable
witch, ankle-length skirt, accentuated waist, no plunging necklines and …well, he didn’t own
a proper ‘leisure robe’, neither the long ones he was pretty sure were worn over dresses, nor a
shorter one as would be appropriate to wear over his current attire.

He had seen them in the windows of basically any clothing store in the magical district, but
they were expensive. A lot of variation in cuts, beautiful fabrics and intricate stitching that
seemed to carry secret messages and meanings.
Shaking his head at himself, he really had come a long way from thinking a skirt and long
hair made a good disguise, Harry approached the counter again. Magistra Omniscius was
there, just like the day before, and just like then he was eying Harry like he was a bug that
just crawled in from the street.
“Harley Wanlockhead,” he immediately introduced himself once more, smiling despite
himself at the name, “Here to look for research material.”
He was sniffed at, but no derisive comment was made this time around as the magistra pulled
his massive tome over to enter Harry’s pseudonym into the visitor list. And hadn’t that been
something, to introduce himself with his boss’ last name. And considering the magical
registry of the library accepted it as valid, yesterday as well as now… it made Harry feel
warm inside like there was a blooming sunrise in his chest. Fergus Wanlockhead really did
mean it when he claimed Harry as family, even if he just did it out loud in a rant at the twins.
Still, the man had no idea what the gesture meant for Harry. Or maybe he did know. One
could never be too sure with Fergus Ethelred Wanlockhead.
The real issue was navigating the giant building without his magical sense. Like the day
before his magical sense basically whited out the moment he stepped passed the gates. But
this time around Harry had come prepared.
“Your turn, Bean,” he whispered, carefully pulling the little ball of fluff from his pocket.
“You know what to do.”
At least he hoped so. While Bean had started showing more and more signs of understanding
Harry’s words, there was no way of knowing just how far that understanding extended. Was
the Pygmy Puff as intelligent as his lovely Hedwig, empathetic and at the same time capable
of always finding the intended recipient of Harry’s letter without so much as a name on the
envelope? Or was Bean just an extension of Harry’s magic since the bonding that changed
their colours?
Stopping short near the balcony that technically would have given him an overview of the
ground level (if his eyes would let him), Harry blinked. He had always thought of Bean as a
companion he didn’t know enough about to assign a sex, not to mention he wasn’t too sure
how Pygmy Puffs reproduced. He would have to ask the twins considering Pygmy Puffs were
a creation of theirs, made of magic in some form he couldn’t even imagine, but also
somehow related to Puffskeins. So, not knowing what his Bean was, he always went with
‘they’ – not to mention this summer certainly had taught him how gender was not always
connected to sex, how it just seemed to be a social construct, andWas that what Fred and George had meant? Was that why they had talked about Harry as
‘they’?
Blinking again, Harry compartmentalized his revelation in short order, because this was yet
another topic he could possibly look up right here. Slowly he made his way up the stairs, one

hand trailing along the wall, the other holding Bean out in front of him. His tiny familiar was
meeping at him every time some sort of obstacle came along - which was surprisingly more
often than one would expect in a magical library. There were stray books here and there just
floating around (and in one memorable case doing some kind of jig as soon as Harry came
close), statues and portraits that followed his movements, and sometimes a magical lantern
was hanging way too low. And then of course there were the other visitors. Because today the
library was in fact in use.
“OH my GOD that’s so sweet!” A voice squealed just before Bean announced someone’s
immediate presence. Harry blinked at the sudden appearance of a girl a few years older than
him from between the shelves he had just been about to pass. “What is it?”
“Bean,” Harry answered automatically, before grinning self-consciously, “I mean, one of my
familiars. A Pygmy Puff.”
As the girl came closer in a rush, Harry forced himself not to step back. She looked nice,
actually really pretty, he decided as she came close enough for him to properly see her, it was
just… people rushing at him always had him tense.
“Pygmy Puff? That’s a bit racist, isn’t it?” She didn’t wait for him to process that. “Anyway,
are they related to Puffskeins? Oh is it okay for you to have it out here?”
She didn’t sound scolding and more like she was worried Harry might get in trouble. He got
the impression she might not be so lenient if Bean hadn’t been so cute. In fact, the little fluff
ball was preening on Harry’s hand, turning this way and that to show off their rainbow fur.
“I don’t know,” Harry answered cautiously, “But I didn’t want to leave them home alone.
They like to be with their person, I guess.”
The girl cocked her head, staring for a moment longer at the posing puff, before finally really
looking at Harry.
“Whoops, so sorry!” She stretched out her hand for a shake forcing Harry to hurriedly
transfer Bean into his other hand to take it. “I’m Eleanor. Eleanor Mary Taylor, but you can
totally call me Ellie!”
“Ah… Harley. Nice to meet you,” he really tried not to make it sound like a question. Ellie
seemed a bit excitable, but overall nice enough. “Are you a Hogwarts student?”
He couldn’t remember ever seeing her, but to be fair, he rarely had looked passed his own
year mates. But he had to ask, just in case. He really did not need a random acquaintance to
recognise him like this.
“Me? Oh no, I like graduated last year,” she proudly declared, pretending to flick hair over
her shoulder with a wink. “Just got to watch the Triwizard Tournament, me, and then I was
out. Not that it was all that entertaining, mind.” She shrugged in a what-can-you-do way,
likely not noticing how that throwaway comment hit Harry like a bludger. Not all that
entertaining, yeah. “Are you? I don’t think I remember you, but then the kiddies weren’t like
all that,” she added.

Harry nod-shrugged non-committedly, unsure what to do with this whole conversation. But
maybe she could help him find what he was looking for.
“Um… I’m new to this.. the library, that is,” he stumbled over his words, flushing slightly.
Yeah, why was talking to someone closer to his age so damn awkward considering the type
of people he dealt with on a daily basis? Then again, he felt more like Harry than Harley right
then. And Harry Potter had always been socially… compromised.
“It’s a bit overwhelming, for sure,” Ellie nodded encouragingly.
“Yes!” Harry agreed empathically. “What’s up with those lanterns?”
“Oh yea,” she said, waving her hand around, “Those lanterns are totally magical. Like they
deliberately pop up at random places – all over the place!”
She seemed in equal parts scandalized as well as fascinated by this. Harry on the other hand
was trying to figure out why her sentence-structure was tripping him up. Was it a thing with
muggle-raised people? But he didn’t speak like that, Aunt Petunia would have his hide if he
dared pop in so many filler words out loud. Maybe it was a girl thing? But neither Hermione,
the go-to Muggleborn he could think of, nor Luna or Ginny spoke like this. Then again, as
much as he liked to ignore her gossip filled talks, he could vaguely recall Lavender having
similar speech patterns… maybe. Shaking his head, Harry focused back on the conversation
and Ellie talking about all the levels of the very magical library.
“Yes,” he agreed with her again, because hell yes, this library was just SO MUCH and more.
“And the person down at the registry, Magistra Omniscius? Is he always like that?”
Ellie blinked at him, then visibly shuddered.
“You actually came in through the main entrance? Like ew, that guy there… I always take the
floo from uni, you know?”
No, Harry didn’t know. There was floo-connect here? And there was a Wizarding
University?!
“Oh ‘suppose you would have to, not being enrolled and all that,” she mused.
Also, even with the man being such a… what had Fred called him? Dusty fart? Harry wasn’t
really comfortable with her way of talking about the magistra. The man was old-fashioned,
entitled and sexist. But he wasn’t creepy in the way she seemed to imply. Wanting to get the
conversation over with without being rude about it, Harry decided to appeal to Ellie’s need to
share her knowledge.
“With you knowing your way around so well,” he spoke up when she stopped to breathe, “Do
you happen to know where I would find culture related literature? Mainly anything to do with
courting?”
“Cou-what now?” She blinked twice, then frowned. “Oh no, you’re one of them? Didn’t
expect that.”

“One of.. who?”
“A Muggleborn trying to smooch up to the Purebloods!” She declared derisively. “Like if you
were one of them, you would already know that old-fashioned crap. What, did you think
some rich pureblooded jerk will look your way?” There was a story there. “Oh he might for
some round or two in a broom closet, but don’t bother trying to learn that sexist, outdated
rubbish,” she ranted, her voice getting louder with every sentence.
“I’m not-”
“Seriously, why bother? It’s so behind, like they really need to step into the 20th century!”
Ellie was about to continue her rant when an outraged noise caught both their attention.
Another girl about Ellie’s age stepped up to them, a few books hovering behind her as she
approached.
“Taylor, just because you can’t be bothered to learn about the very culture you’re living in,
doesn’t mean everyone wants to be this obnoxiously ignorant,” she declared, coming to a
stop in front of Harry and Ellie.
“Pureblood-nonsense, you mean! You’re all the same, high and mighty and terribly behind
with the times!”
The other girl snorted.
“Ah see, Ms Xenophobia, that’s where you went wrong. I’m not a Pureblood.”
“What do you- That makes no sense, you blooming idiot, we’re both English!”
“And you’re muggleborn and raised.”
“There you go with your damn blood-purity again!” (*)
Deciding to leave the girls and their argument behind, Harry edged away. He had just
remembered he could simply ask the layout plan he got the day before for specific topics.
Now, he wasn’t sure it would be as specific as a courting guide, but he could always ask for
cultural topics…

Just like it had been the case when descending into the underground levels, the library got
even quieter the higher up Harry went. The spiralling staircases went around and around the
lofty cathedral-esque structure, and while he could see all the way down if he dared to, he
could not make out anything above the level he was on at any given time. Beyond the
enormous domed ceiling, that is.
As Harry climbed staircase after staircase, he soon realised why. Every time he reached
another level, it would spread out across all of the space where there technically should have
been air. An illusion, he figured, but it didn’t explain how he could see right through the
floor/ceiling as long as he was on the stairs. Actually, if his eyes would let him, Harry was

quite sure he would be able to make out the entrance with its replica of the original library
building.
At some point he leaned against the railing, staring up into the dazzling skylight, and tried to
order his mind. He had stopped being able to hear the girls’ shouting match as soon as he left
that level, but simply trying to avoid getting distracted by all the knowledge at his fingertips
was the real hurdle.
The layout plan didn’t make the temptation of sidequesting any easier. All manners of topics
were listed, sectioned neatly into areas like ‘language and communication’, ‘art and
entertainment’, ‘architecture and settlements’. All of them had tiny extra labelling hovering
above the parchment when touched, and listing the subsections. Notably missing was
anything relating to sciences and technology, or at least the ones he was used to. There
certainly was a level for ‘magical air craft and travel’ with subsections of broomcraft, sports
and floo. The level for ‘creatures: beings, beasts and spirits’ farther down had had him very
tempted, but he was aiming for the very top: ‘Customs and traditions: Festivals, rituals, and
social customs’. Although the letters for ‘rituals’ seemed to be fading in and out of existence
for some reason.
“I’m scared,” he quietly confided to Bean.
So much could go wrong tomorrow. The twins, the whole courting situation, and then coming
here under the pretence to look that up… well, half-pretence, he really did want to learn
more… had made it easy to ignore the nagging feeling of dread. Tomorrow was the 28th, and
at night the full moon would rise. He would go with Fergus for that ritual that was supposed
to help cleanse his magical core. He had read as much as he could about it in the book
Sanguini had left him, but knowing theoretically what to expect was just not the same as…
truly understanding what it meant. This was something wholly new to him. Something he
would have staunchly thought of as Dark magic a month ago. Something he would have
scoffed at, would have vilified just because.
“Things have changed so much,” he whispered. “I have changed so much.”

Harry was curled up in a cushioned window seat on the highest level of the library when the
twins found him a few hours later. Above him the skylight had turned from bright morning
dazzle into the orangey late midday sun that haunted London these days. He was enjoying the
temperature control charm that kept the library at a reasonable level despite everything up
here being bathed in radiance. It made reading with his eyesight a lot easier than trying to
decipher dancing letters by candlelight.
“What say you, brother-mine,” a voice reached him from beyond a towering bookshelf.
“Bonfire fairy doesn’t seem as accurate today, does it?”
“Well, brother-dear,” another answered, causing Harry to locate the origin, “Are we sure
that’s not a Patronus?”

“The Not-Patronus can hear you, you’re aware?” He called quietly, not wanting to disturb the
serene atmosphere, but also trying to conceal his internal panic.
Not only was this the first time he was seeing the twins since he actually realised what he
agreed to (holy Merlin, the courting guide he had found was sitting very heavily in his
satchel), but he was also surrounded by books relating to tomorrow. As in stuff about ritual
magic. Very much banned ritual magic.
Two grinning redheads turned the corner, saluting him in unison before stepping just that tiny
bit closer than what would be considered casual. And there it was, the fluttering in his chest.
Harry's mind went pleasantly fuzzy around the edges.
“We thought, we might find you here,” George smiled softly, settling in next to Harry.
“Though, you know,” Fred commented, “Didn’t quite expect to have to climb all these
stairs.” He looked hesitant for a second, eyes flickering over Harry and his brother, an
aborted motion making his hands twitch. Then he decided to lean against the window frame
on Harry’s free side.
Sitting there bathed in the warm summer sun with a twin on each side, Harry forgot for a
moment how anxious the coming events made him. He felt wanted and safe here, talking
with the twins in hushed voices, joking quietly about this and that. He could get used to this.
“Er, Haz, my luminous,” George interrupted suddenly, sounding somewhat hesitant. “What
was it you were researching just now?”
Looking over, Harry felt like the floor was tilting sideways for a second. George was holding
one of the books he was rather sure weren’t meant to be publicly available anymore. How he
had come into its possession was another thing altogether. To be precise, George was holding
a book by the title Pure Moon Purification Ritual Circles.
An audible intake of breath from his other side brought him back from his spiralling
thoughts.
“Haz, that…,” Fred stared at the book in his brother’s hands like it was a freaking Death
Eater’s mask, “That’s seriously Dark! Where did you even get this?” he hissed, quickly
checking their surroundings as if expecting an auror to randomly pop into existence.
“It really isn’t,” Harry tried.
“No, Haz,” George frowned, carefully setting the book back down, nudging another with his
foot instead. “I know, it’s all fascinating, but you can’t let yourself get ensnared by this. Dark
magic is dangerous.”
“George is right, this sounds like… like ritual magic?” Fred whispered the last word. “Who
gave you this?" He sounded so protective.
“Guys,” Harry pinched the bridge of his nose, trying to formulate an answer. He wanted to be
pissed off with them, but truth be told, they were actually handling it far better than he would

have not too long ago. At least no one was screaming. Yet.
“Just a sec,” George said, pulling out his wand. Harry watched him cast the same silencing
bubble they had used the day before. “Okay, let’s get this over with and then we need to put
these away. You really don’t want to be seen reading something like this.”
“How are these even here?” His brother muttered under his breath, still keeping a suspicious
eye on the books surrounding them.
Harry made an annoyed noise. They just had their opinion all made up, hadn’t they?
“What if,” he started.
“There is no what-if when it comes to Dark magic, Haz. You know that.”
“No, wait, let me finish!” He glared at them. This was important. They needed to understand
this. “Just imagine for a moment what if magic couldn’t be categorised in ‘good’ and ‘bad’?
What if it truly is all about the intention behind the spell, the intention of the caster?” Raising
his hand to stop the twins from interrupting (and being seriously surprised when they
complied), he continued: “What if Magic is just Magic as it has always been, devoid of
human morality clauses? It just… it makes no sense to me to categorize Magic at all beyond
what the political factions say.”
There was silence as George and Fred digested his words. Well, at least he hoped that’s what
their heavy frowns and silent conversation over his head meant. Maybe he should be sharing
some of the information he had gleaned from Sanguini’s book, but somehow he wasn’t ready
to share that part of himself just yet. Instead Harry did what he does best.
“I’m going to attend a purification ritual tomorrow,” he stated daringly. “Something is
seriously wrong with my magical core and Fergus is helping me getting it fixed.”
The outrage was immediate.
“You WHAT?” Fred shouted, jumping up.
George on the other hand was staring at Harry with wide frightened eyes. Crossing his arms,
Harry glared.
“Are you being serious right now?”
“You can’t be!”
“Not you! Nope, I don’t believe it.”
“People get lost in this, Haz! Please, you know better than this!”
“Dark magic twists your mind, it ensnares your senses until you don’t know right from wrong
anymore. You know this. You taught us yourself just last year how to defend against this very
magic!”

So he told them. Well, some of it. How he had come home to Bandy-Legs back when he had
involuntarily stayed the night at Weasley’s Wizarding Wheezes. How Fergus had
immediately seen the insidious magic clinging to him. How the physical injuries of magical
attacks were the most obvious, but not the only damage that could happen. Of non-aligned, or
more correctly mal-aligned, magic and possible discordance. How the full moon was to help
clear up the residue around his core that had accumulated, not only from that single attack but
really all the times Harry had come into contact with, and been the target of, malicious magic.
“You’re famous for surviving… that night,” George clicked on.
“The Killing Curse,” Fred realised.
Harry just nodded. He was gnawing on his lips, waiting for the verdict. Was this the point
where the twins would finally call in reinforcements? The point they decided he was just too
much, or maybe that he was off his rocker, or…
A large palm smoothed down the side of his head, coming to rest on his cheek. Another
reached for his hand, holding on a tad too tightly to be comfortable.
When he looked up, he was met with two sets of serious blue eyes. The library outside their
little bubble seemed far away, two single points of heat on his body anchoring him to the
moment. A heartbeat. A moment.
“We trust you, Haz,” George whispered, Fred nodding beside him. “If you say it’s okay,
we’re with you.”
“And with that we mean literally there with you.”
The responsibility felt familiar, yet different. But this was too easy. Where was the
vilification? The disgust? Or maybe some claim of him being already under the influence of
some malicious magic?
Closing his eyes, Harry forced the doubt away.

Chapter End Notes

(*)“Ah see, Ms Xenophobia, that’s where you went wrong. I’m not a Pureblood.”
“What do you- That makes no sense, you blooming idiot, we’re both English!”
“And you’re muggleborn and raised.”
“There you go with your damn blood-purity again!”
If you didn’t quite get it: To Ellie being called xenophobic in this context makes no
sense, because both girls are English (not only British, but English). To her there is no
wizarding culture, they are just behind the times in her eyes. So the second girl calls
Ellie xenophobic, because she actively denies the existence of an independent wizarding
culture.

Why are the letters for ‘ritual’ blurred on the map?
And how did Harry find banned books in a public library?
It’s not really all that important, but I wonder if I should write a little interlude for that at
some point. Anyway, next chapter we’re finally leaving the library.
Blessed Samhain! <3

Chapter 28: Intervening
Chapter Notes

It's been 14 days, have a new one! <3
(Sooo... maybe I'm toying with the idea of an interlude. You know, just our Haz on that
first day in the library having a little side-quest of meeting slumbering guardians and
finding banned books.
But for now the story must go on!)

See the end of the chapter for more notes

Later that day, 27th August 1996
They were just going to pack some stuff, post the notice of the shop staying closed for at least
the next two days, and catch a few hours of sleep before going right back to Harry’s side.
There was no way they would risk him leaving to that dodgy ritual without them.
Fred and George were quiet on their way home from the library. The afternoon sun was hot
on their necks, but the revelations of the day still made them shudder occasionally. It had all
started so perfectly, too, with bright summer sun, a hunch of just knowing where to find
Harley that day, coming across their gorgeous mirage bathed in all that light… Only to realise
they had missed out on way more going on in Harry’s life than they thought.
Fred’s mind was switching back and forth between calling them Harry or Harley, because
while looking very much like Harley, they had felt way more like Harry today. He couldn’t
truly pinpoint the difference, it shouldn’t even be there, they were one and the same. Yet there
was a difference, but after today he felt like maybe that was Harry growing into his own.
Their own?
If only he hadn’t chosen to do it this way of all things.
“Do you think,” George started hesitantly, quietly, “Do you think it’s possible?”
“Doesn’t matter,” Fred replied.
He didn’t need to look at his brother to know what he was talking about. While he might be a
bit stuck on the difference in Haz today (yes, he decided, he should just go with ‘Haz’. Less
chance of a headache.), they both were very aware of the real issue here.
“He… they believe it’s true.”
“Doesn’t mean we can’t be prepared.”

Sharing a smirk with his twin, Fred went to open the hidden door to their apartment to
circumvent the currently bustling shop. Oh they would be prepared alright. No one messed
with their Haz. (*)
While the broom did its work in the background, angrily swiping at dust and dirt all over the
place, Harry was busying himself wiping down the tables.
One day. They had made it exactly one day into this whole courting business before
something happened. It wasn’t like he didn’t understand their worry. It would be more than a
bit hypocritical if he pretended not to get where his twins were coming from. Ritual magic
was banned in Wizarding Britain. It was not even spoken about in polite society. Because it
was considered Dark.
It didn’t matter that Harry had had his horizon forcefully broadened on the whole topic, it
didn’t matter that he maybe was still a tiny bit worried himself. For the twins it was a
completely new perspective that went against everything they thought they knew just dumped
on them. And in a way Harry had set an ultimatum as well.
He felt like shit just thinking about it.
They said they would be there, would come with him, would risk it all being a hoax… solely
so Harry wouldn’t have to face any consequences alone. They trusted his judgement – or did
they? They were willing to risk it. For him. In some twisted way that actually meant more to
him than blind trust. The twins understood that Harry, no matter what saviour nonsense
everyone else spouted about him, was simply a person. He could be wrong.
Breathing out carefully as once again the responsibility sat heavy on his chest, Harry patted
his apron pocket to make sure the courting guide was still there. He was torn between the
gnawing worry about possibly endangering his twins and spiralling thoughts about the whole
courting thing.
Maybe he should have waited reading the guide until after the ritual. His thoughts kept on
circling the things he had found in there before deliberately trying to be responsible and learn
more about the ritual to come. Some points kept jumping back at him.
For one there was the age requirement. There was a reason why the twins had said dating was
for school and courting was what came after. You had to be of age to be able to court as it
was apparently exclusively done with the intention of marriage (a whole ‘nother bag of Berty
Bott’s). An exception could be made if the guardian of the underage party gave their express
permission.
Harry’s eyes went a bit hazy as he stared into the middle distance imagining the twins turning
up at Privet Drive to formally ask the Dursleys for permission to court Harry. Yeah. No. Then
again, maybe as his godfather Sirius would be…?
Absent-mindedly rubbing at his faintly aching chest, Harry turned back to cleaning the
parlour. And come to think of it, who would the twins ask to court? As in, would they ask his
guardian to court …Harry? Harry Potter, the boy-with-too-many-hyphened-names? Or would

they ask for Harley, the penniless waitress of a shady pub in Knockturn? And even
pretending they could ask Sirius, how were they going to handle the whole Harley-thing
when it came to the Weasleys? Who were they going to introduce to their family? Did they
even want to (re-)introduce him?
The twins were of age and they weren’t the firstborn (or otherwise designated heir), so going
by what he had read in the courting guide, they did not necessarily need to ask their head of
house for permission to court anyone. Not in modern days, anyway. Technically, their head of
house, and he assumed that would be Arthur Weasley, could still kick them out for it. Could
take away the family name – and you did not want to be nameless in Wizarding Britain. But
he doubted Arthur would do that to any of his children.
Also, hadn’t the twins told him something about Bill currently courting? And their brother
had basically sprung his fiancée on his parents by simply bringing her with him for a longer
stay this very summer. Oh, maybe it really wasn’t the best time to bring the whole thing up
with the Weasley parents…
His hand froze on the doorhandle. The standard wards they had had purchased with the
building included anti-theft, fire-proofing and general weather resistance. But what had Fred
pausing were the wards their brother Bill had added for them: An inbuilt homenum revelio
spell to alert the owner to any other human presence on their property, in this case their flat in
particular.
“Gred, did Lee say anything about coming over today?”
Catching on immediately, George just shook his head minutely. Wand in hand, he took up
position to the side of the door, ready to have his brother’s back.
Fred took a breath, then pushed the door to their living space open. Having closed all blinds
against the heat, the only source of light came from the fire place – the previously unlit fire
place. It caused shadows to dance across the cluttered room catching on a figure sitting in
their only armchair.
Slapping down an order with enough force to make the table hum with the magical backlash,
Harry froze for a moment when an idea occurred to him.
He was the only Potter. So that would make him the head of House Potter, right? He assumed
there were some technicalities involved that he would – again – have to look up, BUT it
would mean there was no one to ask for permission. No one to prevent him from courting the
twins… or being courted, whatever. Well, he supposed it could be argued that the decision
should still be made by his guardian since he was underage. But which one? The Dursleys
were muggles, Sirius was his godfather but also a wanted criminal. His mind shied away
from putting Dumbledore into that spot. That couldn’t be right.
Then again, he might not be of age, but he did acquire wand rights by successfully sitting his
OWLs. As his research into the importance of graduation in the Wizarding World had taught

him, he was technically considered an adult on probation until he turned 17. Was it perhaps a
grey zone of some kind“Errr-” A voice tried to get his attention, but Harry had to follow his train of thought before
he lost it.
He was also the last of his line, so if he were to be pureblood, he would actually be required
by law to have heirs of his own… which, as far as he knew, meant they were missing a few
organs in their courtship. Oh Merlin, he did not just think about that. But he wasn’t a
Pureblood. But he was the last of a Pureblood House“Harley, you in there?” His boss’ voice finally brought him back to the present – and the
staring customers whose orders he had basically spread all over the table. It said a lot about
his reputation in the pub that no one had retaliated.
Fergus’ large hand pulling on his own had him follow the man on auto-pilot. It wasn’t until
the noise level abruptly dropped that Harry realised, they were now in the little space in the
back of Bandy-Legs where the liquors were stored.
“You wanna tell me what’s all that about?” Fergus glared down at him, but Harry could feel
the concern fairly wafting off of the hulking figure.
“I’m fine,” he responded before he could stop the words. “Er- I mean… I’ve got something
on my mind?”
“No shit,” Fergus snorted. “Does it have anythin’ to do with that book you keep on going
back to?”
“How do you-?” Oh he really was an obvious Gryffindor, wasn’t he?
“I don’t have to leave my wards to hunt down redheaded menaces, do I?”
And it just poured all out. He had to tell someone, anyone, about the twins. About what he
agreed to. Fergus would be with him during the ritual and didn’t seem all that concerned, but
Harry felt he needed to warn the man about the impending twin doom to come and the reason
why they decided to accompany them, and“So they made it official,” Fergus muttered when Harry finally stopped his word-vomit to
breathe. “And they pretend to go about it all proper-like, do they now? Courting, huh.”
“Is it… not okay?” Harry couldn’t help but ask. He was pretty sure he had understood the
guide correctly, not to mention the twins would never joke about something like this.
“Well, they forgot to involve your family, now, didn’t they?” Fergus grunted.
For a moment Harry felt taken aback. Fergus couldn’t know he was an orphan, but then
again, no 16-year-old with healthy family relations would turn up randomly in a bar to ask for
shelter. Was he- he couldn’t mean…

“What did’ya think tha’ tartan meant, bunny?” Fergus muttered under his breath as he patted
Harry’s shoulder awkwardly and went back into the pub proper.
He wasn’t sure he was meant to hear that. Fergus could be even more socially …clumsy than
Harry himself, but either way, it felt like a family claim. He had never imagined something
like this would one day happen to him. Sirius had always been a dream, a little flame of hope
to keep him going, but illusive. Unrealistic.
His godfather was a wanted criminal, the one person that could have proven his innocence
probably by now outside the country. Couldn’t be that hard to leave when one’s able to turn
into a rat. Never mind that Sirius wasn’t even awake right nowFergus claimed him as family. Again. With more words anyway.
Smiling to himself, mind both clearer yet fuzzy, Harry focused back on his work. His wolfy
friends were present tonight, but much less rowdy than he was used to. He hadn’t really been
able to talk much to Faolán and his pack yet, but all of them were a bit grouchy and miserable
with the approaching full moon. It was weird, though, that they were out and about at all.
Remus would be too sore to move right now, either curling up in front of a fire, nursing hot
chocolate or not even leaving his bed at all if it was a bad month. And considering his mate
was currently unreachable…
Either way, Fergus had already told Harry he would be keeping the pub closed during the full
moon tomorrow night, because he would be at Harry’s side.
During the ritual.
“You boys have some explaining to do,” Arthur Weasley frowned at his sons.
George edged into the room behind his brother and closed the door once he verified there
really was only their father present.
“What’s this, dad, an intervention?” Fred joked, stuffing his wand away haphazardly. George
didn’t say anything, his focus on Arthur’s face in the flickering firelight.
“You could say that,” their father agreed, levering himself out of the armchair with a grunt.
“Do you need one?”
Sharing a glance, the twins split up. Fred moved towards their father with a fake thoughtful
look; George went straight for the kitchen. This felt like they would either need tea or
whiskey. Possibly both.
“Mhm,” he heard his brother’s voice from the other room, “Depends. We did kinda go a bit
overboard with the latest prank-package we sent ickle Ronniekins, I guess.”
There was a moment of silence that made the hair on George’s neck stand up. He had an
uneasy feeling about this.

“While I really think you shouldn’t torture your younger brother like this,” Arthur finally said
with an audible frown in his voice, “No, son, this is not why I am here today. In fact, I
wouldn’t be here at all, if you hadn’t banned your mother from floo entry.”
Ah. There it was.
“George, get back in here now,” Arthur ordered.
“I’m right here, dad,” George answered quietly, a teapot and cups floating behind him.
He wasn’t surprised their father knew exactly who was who here. Somehow, even though he
spent most of his time either at work or sequestered away in his little shed, their father always
knew. He liked to pretend otherwise, finding their antics amusing, but right now clearly was
not the time for jokes.
(Though, really, if you asked the twins, there was no time that couldn’t be made better with a
well-placed prank.)
Arthur Weasley appeared deeply worried. To be honest, George recognised that very look
from his own face mirrored on his twin. This was close to what they had looked like when
Haz had told them what they planned to do tomorrow. Worry, yes, but also disappointment. It
stung. He never wanted to see that look on his father’s face ever again. Not when Arthur
never criticised their life choices like their mother was so wont to do.
“Are you not going to explain yourself?” Their father frowned at their lack of verbal
response.
But honestly, what was there to explain? Molly had had it coming the way she behaved. Not
only that day, but really as long as they could remember. And then accosting them in their
own home, and saying those shitty things about Haz? The way she just assumed without even
bothering to ask?
“I don’t know what mum told you,” George sighed, shuffling things off the coffee table
without much care. “But no one likes to be treated that way, and in our own home at that.”
“And no one wants their guests insulted, either,” his twin added. Oh yea, Fred was getting
pissed off just thinking about it.
Arthur eyed them for a moment, weary gaze drifting from his sons over the cluttered and
uncleaned living space and back to the twins.
“I have to admit,” he finally settled on, sitting back down in the armchair, “I am unsure what
you’re referring to.” Moving about until he found a comfortable spot, he went on: “But
whatever disagreement you and your mother have right now, it is not what brought me here.
Though, in a way it is, considering it seems to be the reason she could not come through the
floo?”
Fred plopped himself down on the floor and watched George fill some cups. He wasn’t quite
sure where his brother found the tin, so used to drinking coffee now. So, their mother hadn’t

told anyone, or at least not their father, about their little dispute… As it hadn’t gone so well
for her, he wasn’t too surprised.
“Then what is this?” He bluntly asked, mood souring further.
With a sigh Arthur eyed the tea for a moment, maybe considering how save it was for
consumption, before taking his designated cup. He seemed to take comfort in holding it, and
George couldn’t help but lean against his brother for the same. Something was really off here.
“I’ll just come straight to it then, shall I?” Their father muttered into his cup. “You’ve been
seen wandering Knockturn Alley.”
He said that like it explained everything, disappointment heavy in his voice.
“Okay?” Fred questioned. Was he disappointed they had been caught in their shenanigans?
Never mind they had really only been visiting Harley- oh shit. Sharing a panicked glance
with his brother, Fred sent a small prayer to whatever deity was in season that no one had
followed them to Bandy-Legs.
“What do you-” Arthur looked baffled for a moment, before gathering his thoughts. “I never
thought I would have to say this to my own sons, but you do not go there. It is a Dark place
and I thought your mother and I had raised you to know better than this.”
And while they would have probably agreed with him on that before moving out, now Fred
and George couldn’t quite muster the same amount of vilification for the – granted – quite
grizzly alley. Yes, it wasn’t a nice place. It was definitely dangerous after sundown
considering they had been attacked there not too long ago (which they hadn’t told anyone
about for fearing this very reaction, now that he thought about it). But it was also where
Harry had found refuge. It was where their Haz had found friends and shelter, even if said
shelter didn’t seem to be particularly fond of the twins.
Oh. They were being a bit hypocritical here, weren’t they?
Not that their worry would ever stop them from being right there with Haz, having their back
no matter how the situation turned out to be. But it was true that he and his twin were very
biased against everything Haz had told them today. Just like their dad was now. They would
mainly be going to that proclaimed ritual to protect Haz from their wrong choice – or, that’s
what they had thought, but looking at the situation now?
Yeah, both suddenly had a much better understanding of how Harry was likely perceiving the
whole situation. And honestly, if the twins were still willing to walk into what they believed
to be a dangerous and likely permanently damaging situation just so Haz wouldn’t be alone,
they could at least give the whole thing the benefit of the doubt.
Because what if there was something to the whole ‘magic simply being magic’ idea? What if
it truly was simply down to the caster, that no magic was inherently bad?
It went against everything they had always been taught, yet both Fred and George were
willing to look closer at this ‘what if’. First, it had been for Haz’s protection. But now…

He couldn’t sleep. The night was suffocatingly hot, the air outside completely still and
humidity so high every surface inside the pub felt wet. Not that it mattered, Harry’s thoughts
were still all over the place anyway.
After Bandy-Legs closed and the parlour was cleaned up enough there wouldn’t be any big
messes awaiting them in the morning, he was left to his own devices. And normally Harry
would be going straight to bed, exhausted from being on his feet for hours, interacting with
so many people and really just a long day in general. But tonight… tonight he was sat up in
his tiny room, back pressed against the wall for any hint of cooler surface, and Sanguini’s
book open on his lap.
The letters were dancing in the candlelight, making concentrating on them even harder than
the whole situation already did. He was really going to do this. He would go with Fergus
tomorrow after sundown to attend a purification ritual. It was… a lot.
The Harry from a month ago would never have even considered it.
But he did.
All these adults in his life that knew about his continued exposure to malicious magic, illintended magic, yet not one of them ever so much as mentioned the underlying danger.
Fergus himself had told him he really only spoke about it out loud, because in contrast to the
other exposures the last attack had obviously been recent and Harry was so young. And
alone. Which equated to no one being there to help him purify his core.
It was apparently bad manners to talk about someone else’s core. But really, Harry doubted
that was the reason none of the other oh-so-capable adults in his life had ever mentioned it.
Yes, so maybe they couldn’t see it the way Fergus (and Harry to some capacity) could, but
they must know about the theory? They had to be aware of the possible danger? Especially to
a developing core?
Harry had read a lot in Sanguini’s book, had learned about different methods of cleansing
one’s core of the kind of malicious magic that could cling and muddy it up. That could inhibit
development in young magicals, could warp their very magic if left untreated long enough. It
wasn’t such a danger to adults. Their cores were much stabler, less easy to influence, but also
less likely to learn new magical schools… he was digressing.
The point was, every single adult in his life had failed him.
Their dad had left angry. It wasn’t something they were used to, Arthur Weasley rarely ever
got angry. Or at least not to the level they had witnessed today. He could not fathom why his
sons would not even defend their trip (more trips, really, but their dad didn’t need to know
that) down the oh-so-terrible alley.
They had made sure to get the details, they had to protect Haz after all. Those details ended
up not amounting to much and if they hadn’t been so rash in their reaction, they could have
possibly played it all off as a misunderstanding. It really all came down to Moody sticking his

peg leg where it didn’t belong. And wasn’t that just a scary mental picture? Anyway, the exauror was apparently out and about, prowling the magical district to find Haz.
Well, the man was trying to find Harry Potter, everyone’s darling saviour. If that’s who he
was looking for, he wouldn’t find so much as a speck. But he had made it to Knockturn. That
didn’t bode well.
Neither George nor Fred could sleep that night. Their minds kept circling the upcoming day,
the whole wonky situation they were going to get themselves into, the idea of there not
actually being ‘Dark’ magic as they had been taught… but also Haz. Beautiful, clever,
gorgeous, enchanting Haz. Their trouble with their eyesight, but also apparent use of
wandless magic. Them needing a ritual to be healthy.
And then, how neither brother spoke up to tell their father why they were down Knockturn
Alley. That they were courting. That they were utterly in love with Harry Potter and willing
to go against everything they had been taught from a young age on to be there for him.
The twins hadn’t been there at the end of the last school year when Harry and their siblings
went to that accursed department of mysteries. They hadn’t been there when the kids fought
for their lives. But they would be there now. Harry would not have to face this alone.

Chapter End Notes

The stage is set, guys.
(*) SO I tried keeping the twins’ way of addressing Harry in their minds deliberately
inconsistent. They really should be talking to Harry about this and not just make
assumptions, but they are also teenagers that just got exposed to a whole lot of new
angles to view the world they’re living in.

End Notes

--FIND ME
on bluesky for teasers, polls, updates etcetera:
@blurredink.bsky.social
Email: blurredink@gmx.net

There is now a STATUS UPDATE for my stories on my profile!

Please drop by the Archive and comment to let the creator know if you enjoyed their work!

